<doc id="19100208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100208" title="Oil reserves in Mexico">
Oil reserves in Mexico

The Oil & Gas Journal (OGJ) estimated that as of 2007, the proven oil reserves in Mexico were . The US Energy Information Administration estimated Mexican proved reserves to be as of 2013.
Production.
Mexico was the sixth-largest oil producer in the world as of 2006, producing of petroleum products, of which was crude oil. Mexican oil production has started to decline rapidly. The U.S. Energy Information Administration had estimated that Mexican production of petroleum products would decline to in 2007 and in 2008. 
Mexican crude oil production fell in 2007, and was below by the start of 2008. In mid-2008, Pemex said that it would try to keep crude oil production above for the rest of the year. Mexican authorities expected the decline to continue in future, and were pessimistic that it could be raised back to previous levels even with foreign investment.
The constitution of Mexico gives the state oil company, Pemex, exclusive rights over oil production, and the Mexican government treats Pemex as a major source of revenue. As a result, Pemex has insufficient capital to develop new and more expensive resources on its own, and cannot take on foreign partners to supply money and technology it lacks. To address some of these problems, in September 2007, Mexico’s Congress approved reforms including a reduction in the taxes levied on Pemex.
Most of Mexico's production decline involves one enormous oil field in the Gulf of Mexico. From 1979 to 2007, Mexico produced most of its oil from the supergiant Cantarell Field, which used to be the second-biggest oil field in the world by production. Because of falling production, in 1997 Pemex started a massive nitrogen injection project to maintain oil flow, which now consumes half the nitrogen produced in the world. As a result of nitrogen injection, production at Cantarell rose from in 1996 to a peak of in 2004. However, during 2006 Cantarell's output fell 25% from in January to in December, with the decline continuing through 2007. 
In mid-2008, Pemex announced that it would try to end the year with Cantarell producing at least . However, in January 2008, Pemex said that the oil production rate at Cantarell had fallen to by December 2008, a decline of 36 percent from a year earlier. This resulted in a decline of total Mexican oil production declining by 9.2 percent from in 2007 to in 2008, the lowest rate of oil production since 1995.
As for its other fields, 40% of Mexico's remaining reserves are in the Chicontepec Field, which was found in 1926. The field has remained undeveloped because the oil is trapped in impermeable rock, requiring advanced technology and very large numbers of oil wells to extract it. The remainder of Mexico's fields are smaller, more expensive to develop, and contain heavy oil and trades at a significant discount to light and medium oil, which is easier to refine. 
In 2002 Pemex began developing an oil field called "Proyecto Ku-Maloob-Zaap", located 105 kilometers from Ciudad del Carmen. It is estimated that by 2011 the field will produce nearly . However, this level of production will be achieved by using a nitrogen injection scheme similar to that of Cantarell. That same year, Pemex decreased its reserve estimate by 53%, from . Later the estimate was increased to .
In June 2007, former U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned that declining oil production in Mexico could cause a major fiscal crisis there, and that Mexico needed to increase investment in its energy sector to prevent it.
Future resources.
In February 2009, DeGolyer and MacNaughton estimated that the Chicontepec Field had 139 billion barrels of oil in place, but that there was as yet no technical way to recover it. Some government officials were unhappy with the results at Chicontepec, expressing concern that costs were higher and oil production lower than expected. Mexico had spent $3.4 billion on the field, but it was producing only by June, 2009 and increased only slightly to in the 3rd quarter 2010, causing them to question whether more investment in the field was justified.

</doc>
<doc id="19100294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100294" title="Craig Callahan">
Craig Callahan

Craig Callahan (born May 26, 1981) is an American professional basketball player, naturalized Italian.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Craig Nicholas Callahan was born in Maquoketa, Iowa on May 26, 1981. He graduated from Cascade High School in Cascade, Iowa. Craig attended college at the University of North Carolina Wilmington where he played on the men's basketball team. In 2011 he has got the Italian passport as naturalized.
Career.
He played at the University of North Carolina Wilmington from 1999-2003. Callahan gained notoriety during his time at UNCW as he helped lead the team into 3 NCAA Tournaments (1999, 2002, 2003).During his senior year with the Seahawks, he averaged over 16 points and 6 rebounds a game. 
After graduating from college with a Finance Degree, he played professional basketball in the Czech Republic from 2003–2006, and was named Most Valuable Player of the NBL in 2006. He played in the NBL All-Stars game in 2004,2005, and 2006 in which he won the slam dunk contest. Throughout his time in Czech Republic, Callahan was recognized for numerous league achievements. Some of his achievements include Eurobasket.com All-Czech Republic League Import Player of the Year (2004,2006), Eurobasket.com All-Czech Republic League Player of the Year (2006), Eurobasket.com All-Czech Republic League Forward of the Year (2006), and Eurobasket.com Czech Republic League All-Defensive Team (2006).
He then played in Spain from 2006-2008 after being signed by Ricoh Manresa.While playing for Ricoh Manresa., he contributed to the teams success when they won the LEB Championship in 2007. Due to their success in 2007, Ricoh Manresa. gained entry back into the Liga ACB in 2008. 
In November 2008, Callahan was signed by the Eisbaren Bremerhaven (the Bremerhaven Polar Bears) of Germany's top league. A vital addition to the team, Callahan was one of the league's top scorers averaging over 17 points, and 6.9 rebounds a game.
During the summer of 2011 he singned a contract with New Basket Brindisi, basketball team which play the second Italian national league. Next season he played with Sigma Barcellona. In August 2013, he signed with Tezenis Verona. 
During the off-season he resides in Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19100297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100297" title="Military art (Military science)">
Military art (Military science)

Military art () (lit. art of war) is a field of theoretical research and training methodology in military science used in the conduct of military operations on land, in the maritime or air environments. Military art includes the study and application of the principles of warfare and laws of war that apply equally to the closely interrelated military strategy, operational art and tactics. Exercise of military art is highly dependent on the economics and logistics supporting the armed forces, their military technology and equipment, and reflects the social influences on the military organisation exercising military art. Often misunderstood due to its 19th-century perception as generally "including the entire subject of war", it is primarily, as the term implies, the expression of creative thinking on the part of the decision-makers in employing their forces, with the map of the area of operations as a veritable canvas, and the movement of forces commonly marked on the map with arrows, as brush strokes. Less imaginatively it was defined in France during the 19th century as 
The art of war is the art of concentrating and employing, at the opportune moment, a superior force of troops upon the decisive point.
The art of divining the intention of the enemy from slight indications is one which rarely misleads, and is one of the most precious attributes of military genius.
It is not well known that many of the greatest military leaders in Europe and Asia, notably Japan, were themselves either accomplished artists, or collectors of art.
In history, schools of thinking about military art can be divided during the ancient and medieval periods by the influence of infantry troops on tactics in Europe, and cavalry on tactics in Asia, and the period commencing with the Early Modern period when firearms and artillery increasingly influenced employment of forces. The need for mobility, opportunity and decisiveness have tended to associate military art with offensive manoeuvre, cavalry, and therefore, before advent of late-19th century firearms, Asia.
In Europe military art was primarily concerned with time of combat, understanding the best way an occupied position can enhance defensive potential of a small field army largely consisting of relatively low mobility troops, by often using high ground, terrain choke points or field entrenchments. Due to relative lack of economic and logistic support, European military art theorists advocated decisive battles that could bring a military campaign to a quick conclusion, thus reducing the economic cost of war, notably through the shock tactics of the armoured cavalry.
In Asia, due to a more developed and widespread horse breeding offering enhanced mobility, military art developed a more offensive-based way of thinking about military tactics, and military art was dominated by considerations of choosing point of attack and military communications.
The confrontation between these two forms of military art that took place as a result of the Crusades and the Mongol invasion of Europe, and the contemporaneous introduction of artillery into warfare significantly changed thinking about military art in Europe, leading to wide-ranging experiments in tactical formation of troops, use of combined arms and exercise of maneuver warfare concepts and methods not only in tactics, but on a larger scale, including in use of naval forces. This later led to creation of European colonial empires.
Although European military art on land can be argued not to have reached its developed stage until the 19th century in the attempt to defeat linear tactics that led to the First World War, and ultimate sophistication during the Second World War and the Cold War, great increases in the firepower of the European firearms and artillery were usually able to negate greater number and mobility of the Asian field forces, no-where more illustrated than during the French Invasion of Egypt in 1798. The defining application of firepower and manoeuvre in military art became expressed during the conduct of strategic operations of the Red Army in World War II that sought to combine the shock of armoured warfare with mobility, and the traditional reliance on infantry in strengthened positions to first stop the German advances and during counter-attacks to achieve breakthrough of the enemy position, and in conducting deep operations to destroy the logistic support, literally starving German troops of supplies and ammunition, and forcing them to surrender.
Military art in naval warfare likewise developed along the considerations of position versus speed, initially through use of galleys and later during the Age of Sail. However, increasingly naval tactics became dominated by the relative firepower of individual vessels, and this was demonstrated during the epic Battle of Trafalgar. The use of naval forces in military art significantly expanded the scale of conflicts to global ranges. For much of the 19th and 20th centuries naval military art became concerned primarily with the firepower and the ability of ships to withstand it through use of increasing their armour until the introduction of naval aviation into consideration of naval battles and naval strategy.
Introduction of aircraft into warfare drastically altered the 19th century understanding of military art, and application of its principles. Aerial warfare became the ultimate solution to manoeuvre in delivery of firepower, and drastically increased the tempo of conflicts, making blitzkrieg possible during the Second World War. Aerial warfare also finally negated the advantage of a defensive position which left the defender as an easily detected and attacked target for the bombers. While German industrial centres became just such targets for the Allied strategic bombing during World War II, on the Eastern Front the Soviet Red Army chose to adapt by developing concepts and methods suggested by theorists during the interwar period to a more offensive-based and dynamic conduct of operations coordinating ground and air offensives.
The final development in military art came with the increased influence of the electronics and its implications for the ability by infantry to halt the breakthroughs using increasingly powerful infantry support weapons, and the effect on the military communications by a new form of combat, electronic warfare. The potential of losing ability to exercise command and control over forces, particularly strategically significant forces, completely undermined much of the theoretical thinking of the Cold War. Some have argued that this was one of the factors, along with those of economic considerations, that eventually led to the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, and Dissolution of the USSR.
Since the end of the Cold War in Europe, application of military art has been sought primarily by conventional forces in combat operations against unconventional opponents, and this has many attempts to review military history in the effort to find solutions to successful conduct of operations against these forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19100302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100302" title="Geoff Morris">
Geoff Morris

Geoffrey Paul Morris (born 3 October 1954 in Mount Gambier, South Australia) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 220 games and kicked 316 goals for West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) between 1973 and 1986.
Career.
Morris spent most of his time either on the Wing or as a half-forward flanker. He played the game aggressively and was always hard on the ball. As a result he was particularly injury prone and over the course of his career suffered many injuries including broken legs, a broken jaw and broken wrist. In 1983 he was a member of West's premiership side which defeated Sturt in the Grand Final, having to overcome a hamstring injury to be passed fit to play. To do this Morris spent a lot of grand final week at the Morphettville Racecourse stables using machines used on horses in a successful bid to play. Wests coach Neil Kerley showed faith in Morris who didn't let his coach or team mates down and was one of the team's best players on the day.
He took part in the 1979 State of Origin Carnival in Perth, the first ever National Carnival held under State of Origin rules, and was selected to the All-Australian team.
Early in 1985, prior to the beginning of the season, Morris was involved in a motor boat accident which left him with serious burns. He returned late in the 1985 season and made a handful of appearances off the bench that year and in 1986 but never fully recovered enough to fully resurrect his SANFL career. After leaving West Adelaide, Morris played briefly in the Northern Territory with the Wanderers Football Club.
Coaching.
Geoff Morris served as West Adelaide's head coach in 1994 and 1995, taking the club to 8th and 5th in his two seasons in charge. Following his stint back at Westies Morris became an assistant coach with Port Power in the Australian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19100370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100370" title="Avital Abergel">
Avital Abergel

Avital Abergel (Hebrew: אביטל אברג'יל born June 10, 1977) is an Israeli film and TV actress.
Abergel has appeared in such (Israeli) films as "Aaron Cohen's Debt" (Hebrew: חובו של אהרון כהן) and "Something Sweet" (Hebrew: משהו מתוק). Likewise, Abergel is also a successful TV actress appearing in a number of Israeli Television series', such as: "The Good Guys", "The Other Woman", "Intensive care unit" and "Deep Blue".
Perhaps Abergel is best known for playing as "Elinor Malchi" in the Children's TV Series "Octave" which is broadcast on the Children's Channel (Israel) (Hebrew: ערוץ הילדים).
In 2005, Abergel appeared in the Teen movie: "You Are (betrothed to me)" (Hebrew: השמיניה) with the director of the Israeli film "Piza'at Lichtman"
Personal life.
In 2000 Abergel began dating Teapacks Lead Singer, Kobi Oz. In June 2003 they split up.

</doc>
<doc id="19100377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100377" title="Josep Gómes">
Josep Gómes

Josep Antoni Gomes Moreira (born 3 December 1985) is an Andorran international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He speaks English.
Career.
Born in La Massana, Gomes has spent his entire club career playing in the Spanish league system, representing FC Andorra, UD Ibiza-Eivissa, CD Ciudad de Vícar and CF San Rafael.
He made his international debut for Andorra in 2006, and has represented them in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19100404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100404" title="John Bain (footballer)">
John Bain (footballer)

John Bain (15 July 1854 – 7 August 1929) was an English amateur footballer who appeared for Oxford University in the 1877 FA Cup Final and made one appearance for England in 1877.
Career.
Bain was born in Bothwell, Lanarkshire to Scottish parents Joseph Bain and Charlotte Piper,and was educated at Sherborne School and Winchester College before going up to Oxford University. At Oxford, he earned his blue in 1876. The following year he helped the university football team to reach the final of the FA Cup. 
Three weeks prior to the Cup Final he was one of seven debutants in the England team to play Scotland at the Kennington Oval on 3 March 1877. According to Philip Gibbons, in the 1870s the England side "tended to be chosen on availability rather than skill alone" The change in the England line-up made little difference to England's performance against the Scots who won the game 3–1, with England's consolation goal coming from Alfred Lyttelton; the Scots thus inflicted England's first international defeat on home soil in the sixth appearance between the two countries. Bain, having been born in Scotland, became the first Scottish-born player to represent England. Bain, along with four of the international debutants, was never selected again for international honours.
In the 1877 FA Cup Final, played at the Oval on 24 March, Oxford University met the Wanderers, who were the cup holders. Wanderers won the game after extra time 2–1 with goals from William Lindsay and Jarvis Kenrick, with Arthur Kinnaird conceding an own goal for Oxford University's solitary goal. In the cup final, Bain played at his normal position at half-back, whereas he had played as a forward for England.
After leaving university, Bain qualified as a barrister and was called to the Bar in 1880. By now, he was master of Marlborough College having been appointed in 1879 and remained in this office until 1883, returning in 1886 until his retirement in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19100407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100407" title="Birla Mandir, Jaipur">
Birla Mandir, Jaipur

Birla Mandir, Jaipur is a Hindu temple located in Jaipur, India and is part of one of the several Birla mandirs located all around the country. The grand temple is located on an elevated ground at the base of Moti Dungari hill in Rajasthan. The temple is sometimes also referred to as the Laxmi Narayan Temple.
Gallery.
Birla Temple, Jaipur At the foot of Moti Dungri fort is the Birla Temple. This temple forms one of the major attractions of Jaipur. Birla Temple of Jaipur looks stunning, when it is brightly lit in the night. The enormous temple was built during the year 1988, by Birla Group of Industries, one of the business tycoons of India. The Temple is dedicated to Lord Vishnu (Narayan), the preserver and his consort Lakshmi, the Goddess of wealth. Due to this reason, Birla Temple is also known as Laxmi Narayan Temple.
Birla Mandir is constructed in the finest quality of white marble. The three huge domes of the temple represent three different approaches to the religion. The beautiful white marble temple mesmerizes the onlookers, when it glows at night. Stained glass widows depict the scenes from Hindu scriptures.
Ganesh the protector of households, is above the lintel, and the fine quality of marble is evident when you enter the temple and look back at the entrance way.
The images of Lakshmi and Narayan attract the attention, being made out from one piece of marble. Many of the deities of the Hindu pantheon are depicted inside the temple, and on the outside walls great historical personages and figures from all religions are shown, including Socrates, Zarathustra, Christ, Budhda, and Confucius.
The Laxmi Narayan Mandir is a modern architectural marvel, surrounded by lush green gardens. The fascinating exteriors of the temple are carved splendidly with beautiful sculptures based on mythological themes, while the interiors have a large marble panel portraying mythological events.

</doc>
<doc id="19100410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100410" title="Matt Shakman">
Matt Shakman

Matt Shakman (born August 8, 1975) is an American film and television and theatre director and former child actor.
Life and career.
Shakman was born and raised in Ventura, California.
As a child actor, he is best known for his role as Graham "J.R." Lubbock, Jr. in the "Growing Pains" spin-off series "Just the Ten of Us" (1988–1990). His other television acting credits include "The Facts of Life", "Highway to Heaven", "Diff'rent Strokes", "Night Court", "Good Morning, Miss Bliss" and "Webster". He also appeared in the films "A Night at the Magic Castle" (1988) and "Meet the Hollowheads" (1989).
Shakman is a graduate of Yale University, where he majored in Art History and Theatre. It was at Yale where became interested in theatre, going on to direct a number of stage productions. He is the founder and Artistic Director of the Black Dahlia Theatre (BDT) in Los Angeles, which was named one of "a dozen young American companies you need to know" by "American Theatre Magazine".
Since 2002, Shakman has mostly been directing for television. Among his credits include "Mad Men", "Six Feet Under", "New Girl", "Brothers & Sisters", "House M.D." and "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (also producer).

</doc>
<doc id="19100426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100426" title="Swimming at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle

The qualifying heats and the finals of the Men's 200 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1995 were held on Saturday 22 August 1995 in Vienna, Austria.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19100443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100443" title="Eizo Yuguchi">
Eizo Yuguchi


</doc>
<doc id="19100445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100445" title="MVEL">
MVEL

MVFLEX Expression Language (MVEL) is a hybrid dynamic/statically typed, embeddable Expression Language and runtime for the Java Platform. Originally started as a utility language for an application framework, the project is now developed completely independently.
MVEL is typically used for exposing basic logic to end-users and programmers through configuration such as XML files or annotations. It may also be used to parse simple JavaBean expressions.
The runtime allows MVEL expressions to be executed either interpretively, or through a pre-compilation process with support for runtime bytecode generation to remove overhead.
Since MVEL is meant to augment Java-based software, it borrows most of its syntax directly from the Java programming language with some minor differences and additional capabilities. For example: as a side effect of MVEL's typing model, which treats class and method references as regular variables, it is possible to use both class and function pointers (but only for static methods).
MVEL also allows collections to be represented as folds (or projections) in a Lisp-like syntax.
Hello world example.
MVEL relies on Java namespaces and classes, but does not possess the ability to declare namespaces or classes.
Quicksort Example.
Here is an example of the Quicksort algorithm implemented in MVEL 2.0, demonstrating the scripting capabilities of the language.

</doc>
<doc id="19100473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100473" title="1968 Buenos Aires tennis tournament">
1968 Buenos Aires tennis tournament

The 1968 Buenos Aires tennis tournament was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Buenos Aires in Argentina. The tournament started on November 11, 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19100474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100474" title="Shigeo Yaegashi">
Shigeo Yaegashi

Yaegashi was born in Daejeon, Japan but raised in Iwate. He won a bronze medal in the team competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He died in Tama, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19100491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100491" title="Masashi Watanabe">
Masashi Watanabe


</doc>
<doc id="19100541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100541" title="Elizabeth Tilney, Countess of Surrey">
Elizabeth Tilney, Countess of Surrey

Elizabeth Tilney, Countess of Surrey (before 1445 – 4 April 1497) was an English heiress and lady-in-waiting to two queens. She became the first wife of Thomas Howard, Earl of Surrey.
She served as a lady-in-waiting to Queen consort Elizabeth Woodville, and later as Lady of the Bedchamber to the Queen's daughter, Elizabeth of York, consort of King Henry VII of England. She stood as joint godmother to Princess Margaret Tudor at her baptism.
She was the mother of Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk. Through her daughter Elizabeth she was the maternal grandmother of Anne Boleyn, and through another son, Edmund, the paternal grandmother of Catherine Howard, both queens consort of King Henry VIII. Elizabeth's great-granddaughter was Queen Elizabeth I of England.
Elizabeth was commemorated as the "Countess of Surrey" in John Skelton's poem, "The Garlande of Laurell", following his visit to the Howard residence of Sheriff Hutton Castle.
Family.
Elizabeth Tilney was born at Ashwellthorpe Hall sometime before 1445, the only child of Sir Frederick Tilney, of Ashwellthorpe, Norfolk, and Boston, Lincolnshire, and Elizabeth Cheney (1422–1473) of Fen Ditton, Cambridgeshire. Sir Frederick Tilney died before 1447, and before 1449 Elizabeth's mother married as her second husband Sir John Say of Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, Speaker of the House of Commons, by whom she had three sons, Sir William, Sir Thomas and Leonard, and four daughters, Anne (wife of Sir Henry Wentworth of Nettlestead, Suffolk), Elizabeth (wife of Thomas Sampson), Katherine (wife of Thomas Bassingbourne), and Mary (wife of Sir Philip Calthorpe). A fifth daughter died as a young child. Henry VIII's third queen consort, Jane Seymour, was the granddaughter of Henry Wentworth and Anne Say, and thus a second cousin to Henry VIII's second and fifth queens consort, Anne Boleyn and Katherine Howard.
Elizabeth's paternal grandparents were Sir Philip Tilney and Isabel Thorpe, and her maternal grandparents were Sir Laurence Cheney of Fen Ditton and Elizabeth Cockayne, widow of Sir Philip Butler. Elizabeth Cockayne was the daughter of Sir John Cockayne, Chief Baron of the Exchequer and Ida de Grey. Ida was a daughter of Welsh Marcher Lord Reginald Grey, 2nd Baron Grey de Ruthyn and Eleanor Le Strange of Blackmere. Through her mother, Ida was a direct descendant of Welsh Prince Gruffydd II ap Madog, Lord of Dinas Bran and his wife Emma de Audley.
Elizabeth was co-heiress to the manors of Fisherwick and Shelfield in Walsall, Staffordshire by right of her descent from Roger Hillary, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas (d.1356).
Marriages.
Elizabeth married her first husband, Sir Humphrey Bourchier, the son and heir of John Bourchier, 1st Baron Berners, and his wife Margery, in about 1466. The marriage produced a son, John Bourchier, 2nd Baron Berners and two daughters. Following her marriage, Elizabeth went to court where she served as lady-in-waiting to Queen Elizabeth Woodville, whose train she had carried at the latter's coronation in May 1465 at Westminster Abbey. Elizabeth accompanied the Queen and her children into sanctuary at Westminster Abbey when King Edward IV had been ousted from the throne, and was present at the birth of the future King Edward V. She remained with the Queen until Edward IV was restored to power.
Sir Humphrey was killed at the Battle of Barnet on 14 April 1471 fighting on the Yorkist side. On 30 April 1472 Elizabeth married Thomas Howard, Earl of Surrey, a marriage arranged by the King. In 1475, Elizabeth inherited her father's property of Ashwellthorpe Manor. Her second husband was a close friend and companion of Richard, Duke of Gloucester who was crowned king in 1483. Elizabeth was one of Queen Anne Neville's attendants at Richard's coronation, while her husband bore the Sword of State. On 22 August 1485 Thomas's father John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk was killed at the Battle of Bosworth while fighting for Richard III; like his son, John was also one of King Richard's dearest friends. Thomas Howard was wounded at Bosworth and imprisoned in the Tower for several years, and the dukedom of Norfolk was forfeited. Elizabeth was fortunate that Thomas' attainder stipulated that she would not lose her own inheritance. On 3 October 1485, she wrote to John Paston, who was married to her cousin. The letter, which she had written from the Isle of Sheppey, mentioned how she had wished to send her children to Thorpe, pointing out that Paston had pledged to send her horses as a means of transporting them there. She continued to complain that Lord FitzWalter, an adherent of the new king Henry VII, had dismissed all of her servants; however, because of the stipulations in her husband's attainder, FitzWalter was unable to appropriate her manor of Askwell. In December 1485 she was living in London, near St Katharine's by the Tower, which placed her in the vicinity of her incarcerated husband.
After Thomas was released from prison and his earldom and estates were restored to him, he entered the service of Henry VII. In November 1487, Thomas and Elizabeth attended the coronation of Henry's consort Elizabeth of York, who appointed Elizabeth a Lady of the Bedchamber. Elizabeth was further honoured by being asked to stand as joint godmother to the Princess Margaret Tudor at her baptism in late 1489.
Her second marriage produced nine children, including Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, Elizabeth Howard, mother of Queen Anne Boleyn, and Lord Edmund Howard, father of Queen Katherine Howard.
Death and legacy.
Elizabeth Tilney died on 4 April 1497 and was buried in the nun's choir of the Convent of the Minoresses outside Aldgate. In her will, she left money to be distributed to the poor of Whitechapel and Hackney. By licence dated 8 November 1497 Thomas Howard married as his second wife her cousin, Agnes Tilney, by whom he had six more children.
Elizabeth's granddaughters included not only Queen Katherine Howard and Queen Anne Boleyn, but also three of Henry VIII's mistresses, Elizabeth Carew, Mary Boleyn and, allegedly, Mary Howard, Duchess of Richmond. During the reign of Henry VIII the Howards, led by Elizabeth's eldest son, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, became the premier family of England.
In poetry, art and fiction.
Elizabeth Tilney has been identified as the "Countess of Surrey" commemorated in John Skelton's "The Garlande of Laurell", written by the poet laureate while he was a guest of the Howards in 1495 at Sheriff Hutton Castle. Three of Elizabeth's daughters, Anne, Elizabeth and Muriel are also addressed in the poem, which celebrates the occasion when Elizabeth, her daughters, and gentlewomen of her household placed a garland of laurel worked in silks, gold and pearls upon Skelton's head as a sign of homage to the poet.
Elizabeth's likeness is depicted in a stained glass window at Holy Trinity Church, Long Melford, Suffolk. She is shown facing Elizabeth Talbot, Duchess of Norfolk, and both figures are surmounted by the Mowbray family's coat of arms.
A highly romanticized fictional account of Elizabeth Tilney's life was written by Juliet Dymoke in "The Sun in Splendour" which depicts Elizabeth, known as "Bess", at the court of King Edward IV.
Issue.
By Sir Humphrey Bourchier:
By Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk:

</doc>
<doc id="19100579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100579" title="List of A1 roads">
List of A1 roads

A list of roads designated A1, sorted by alphabetical order of country.

</doc>
<doc id="19100583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100583" title="1969 Buenos Aires tennis tournament">
1969 Buenos Aires tennis tournament

The 1969 Buenos Aires tennis tournament was a professional tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on November 11, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19100608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100608" title="FUM">
FUM

FUM can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19100620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100620" title="Furlong (disambiguation)">
Furlong (disambiguation)

A furlong is a unit of measurement equal to one-eighth of a mile.
Furlong may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19100625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100625" title="Lala Sloatman">
Lala Sloatman

Lala Cassandra Sloatman (born October 12, 1970) is an American model, actress and costumer. Her uncle was musician Frank Zappa; her cousins are Ahmet, Diva, Moon and Dweezil Zappa. She is frequently billed by her first name only, and sometimes as Lala Zappa.
Early life.
Born in Winter Park, Florida, Sloatman's first name is the Hawaiian form of Laura. Her father is second-generation Marine John Sloatman III, whose sister Gail is musician Frank Zappa's widow. Sloatman ultimately moved to Santa Barbara, California, and after that to Los Angeles. She has numerous half-siblings on both sides of her family.
Career.
In the 1980s, Sloatman appeared in the films "Watchers" (1988) and "Dream a Little Dream" (1989), alongside her then-boyfriend Corey Haim. Haim personally suggested her for the lead in a third movie, "Prayer of the Rollerboys" (1991), but she lost out to Patricia Arquette. Sloatman's additional movie work includes "Bunny Bunny Bunny" (a short film which co-starred her cousin Moon and Kyle Richards), "Pump Up the Volume" (1990), "" (1993, as Lauren Holly's college roommate), "Buy One, Get One Free*" (1996), "Manfast" (2003), "Net Games" (2003, as a sexy serial killer) and Sofia Coppola's "Somewhere" (2010).
Personal life.
Sloatman was married to Black Crowes lead singer Chris Robinson from 1996 to 1998

</doc>
<doc id="19100629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100629" title="2000 Music City Bowl">
2000 Music City Bowl

In the 2000 Music City Bowl, West Virginia defeated Ole Miss 49–38. This game was also West Virginia Mountaineers football coach Don Nehlen's final game. Although West Virginia won the game, it was notable because of a second half comeback by freshman Eli Manning. Down 49–16 in the fourth quarter, Ole Miss coach David Cutcliffe inserted Manning. Ole Miss scored 22 unanswered points in the fourth quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="19100655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100655" title="1970 South American Championships (tennis)">
1970 South American Championships (tennis)

The 1970 ATP Buenos Aires was a men's tennis tournament that was part of the 1970 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix and held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was the third edition of the tournament and ran from October 31 through November 8, 1970. It was played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19100660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100660" title="Ootu Peninsula">
Ootu Peninsula

The Ootu Peninsula, though connected to the main island of Aitutaki atoll of the Cook Islands, may in many respects be considered as one of the reef islands, being the largest and longest of them. It is located at the northern end of the eastern perimeter of Aitutaki Lagoon to the north and then west of the northernmost true reef island, Akitua, from which is separated by a channel 50 metres wide and less than two metres deep. The southernmost point of the peninsula is called "Aumoana". The northernmost point of the peninsula, "Teaumera", is also the northernmost point of Aitutaki as a whole. In the northeast is "Kopu a Ruatapu", a boat passage through the fringing coral reef.
The peninsula is 3.25 km long north-south, and has an area of 1.75 km2. It is 400 metres wide on the average, with a minimum of 250 metres. At its widest, where it joins the main island, it reaches 750 metres in with. By comparison, Tekopua, the largest true reef island of Aitutaki, is 2.25 km long and 0.71 km2 in area.
The seaward beach crest on the east side rises 2 to 3 metres above high water, and the surface slopes gently to the lagoon in the east. There are no dunes except at the southern end. The reef sediments of Ootu have been measured to be 13 to 20 metres thick.
The Ootu Peninsula is the site of Aitutaki Airport. The longer 1804 meter runway in the southeast intersects a second runway of 1388 meters to the northwest, along the northern shore, which is not in use anymore. The airport was constructed during World War II. Thereby, much of the vegetation had to be cleared. Only along the western shore towards the lagoon, and on the south of the longer runway, original vegetations remains relatively undisturbed, although there have been some holiday resort developments, such as the Popoara Ocean Breeze Villas.
Ootu Peninsula is part of "Vaitupa" District, one of eight districts of Aitutaki. The district consist of two tapere, "Taakarere" in the northwest and "Vaitupa" in the southeast. The peninsula is likewise divided between the two tapere, with the narrower southeastern part falling within the tapere of Vaitupa, and the larger northwestern part within the tapere of Taakarere.

</doc>
<doc id="19100721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100721" title="Min Yeong-hwan">
Min Yeong-hwan

Min Yeong-hwan (1861–1905), was a minister of the Korean Empire and known as a conservative proponent for reform. He was born in Seoul into the powerful Min clan and committed suicide as an act of resistance against the Eulsa Treaty imposed by Japan on Korea. He was a nephew of Empress Myeongseong. He is remembered today for his efforts on behalf of Korean independence in the waning days of the Joseon dynasty and a statue to his memory now stands near the gates of Seoul's Changdeok Palace.
Biography.
Min's father, Min Gyeomho (민겸호, 閔謙鎬) was a minister in the Ministry of Finance ("Hojo"). Min Yeong-hwan passed the Gwageo examination in 1878 and thereupon entered into government service as a junior librarian in the Royal Library (Gyujanggak).". Min continued to rise through the ranks of Joseon officialdom, holding a succession of posts including a position in the Office of Special Advisors ("Hongmungwan" 弘文館) and tutor to the Crown Prince. In July 1882 Seoul was shaken by the Soldier's Rebellion triggered by the disgruntled royal palace guards who had not received their wages for several months. During this revolt Min's father was killed. As a result, Min resigned his posts and went into mourning. In 1884, Min reentered public service and was appointed an official of the Board of Personnel ("Ijo" 吏曹) and successively held various government posts, such as Vice-mayor of Seoul ("Hanseong Uyun" 漢城右尹). In 1895, Min was appointed as the first ambassador to the United States. However, the murder of his aunt, the Empress Myeongseong, by Japanese troops in October 1895, prevented his taking up the post. In April 1896, Min was appointed special ambassador and sent to Russia to attend the coronation of Czar Nicholas II. After a six month journey Min returned to Korea in late October of the same year. In January 1897, Min was again sent to Europe as Korean envoy to the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria. These journeys served to further convince Min of the necessity of modernization. Upon his return to Korea, Min was an active supporter of the Independence Club, and was interviewed by its newspaper "The Independent" ("Dongnip Sinmun" 獨立新聞) .
On November 17, 1905, Japan succeeded in foisting upon Korea the Eulsa Treaty making Korea a Japanese protectorship. It is said that upon hearing of the treaty three days after it had been concluded, Min "fainted several times and vomited blood." Min and many other officials pleaded with King Gojong to annul the treaty and execute the five Korean officials who had signed it, now widely referred to as the "Five Traitors of Eulsa" ("Eulsa ojeok"). But, his remonstrances silenced by Japanese force, Min decided to commit suicide as a final act of resistance and protest by a loyal official. On November 30, 1905 Min cut his own throat. After this death, in his pockets were found five identical messages on the back of his calling cards to the representatives of China, Great Britain, the United States, France, and Germany in which he pleaded with those powers to recognize the true situation within Korea. He also left a final message directed towards the people of Korea (see below), in which he promised to help his fellow countrymen "from the nether world" if they would strengthen their collective will and spirit and exercise their learning in an all out effort to "restore our freedom and independence."
Some officials, including Jo Byeongse, Hong Mansik, Yi Sangcheol, and even Min's rickshaw puller, committed suicide following Min's death. Others, perhaps inspired to action by Min's death, joined righteous armies ("uibyeong"). Min was posthumously conferred with the army's highest rank. 
In 1962 Min was again posthumously awarded the Order of Merit for National Foundation.
Blood Bamboo.
One year after Min's death, it was widely reported that a bamboo plant appeared where his bloody clothes had been laid. Many people thought the bamboo grew nurtured by Min's blood so that the bamboo was called "Hyeoljuk" (血竹), or "Blood Bamboo". Amazingly, the number of its leaves was 45, Min's age at the time of his death. 
Following its discovery people crowded to witness this bamboo, some taking pictures. The Japanese government thought it was either a natural phenomenon or pure fabrication and sent officials to Min's former home to investigate. Mysteriously, they discovered the bamboo had no roots and was proven not to be fabricated . The Blood Bamboo was preserved and is now housed at the Korea University Museum along with items of Min's clothing and other personal effects.
In East Asian tradition bamboo is a symbol of loyalty and uprightedness.

</doc>
<doc id="19100743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100743" title="1971 Buenos Aires Grand Prix (tennis)">
1971 Buenos Aires Grand Prix (tennis)

The 1971 ATP Buenos Aires was a tournament that was part of the 1971 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on December 1, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19100745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100745" title="Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz DZ 710">
Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz DZ 710

The Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz DZ 710 was a German aircraft engine manufactured by Motorenfabrik Oberursel A.G. in the early 1940s. It was a 16-cylinder horizontally-opposed, two cycle diesel engine. A larger 32-cylinder variant, the Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz DZ 720 was basically two DZ 710's 'bolted' together in an H-Block fashion.
Both designs never saw operational use before the end of the war and work on the designs was halted in late 1945 after the factories were captured by the allies and turned into makeshift tank repair depots.

</doc>
<doc id="19100767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100767" title="Rudolf Simek">
Rudolf Simek

Rudolf Simek (born 21 February 1954 in Eisenstadt, Burgenland) is an Austrian Germanist and philologist.
Simek studied German literature, philosophy and Catholic theology in the University of Vienna, before becoming a librarian and a docent at the institution. He taught among others in the universities of Edinburgh, Tromsø and Sydney. Since 1995 he is a Professor of German studies at the University of Bonn. Rudolf Simek is the editor-in-chief of "Studia Medievalia Septentrionalia".
8th of October 2013 Rudolf Simek received Honorary degree at the University of Rzeszów.
Works.
Rudolf Simek has translated into German 5 volumes of Norse sagas. He has also written numerous articles for journals and a number of books on the history of Germanic peoples, the Viking Age and Germanic mythology. The most important of them are:

</doc>
<doc id="19100784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100784" title="Pilmaiquén">
Pilmaiquén

Pilmaiquén or Pilmayquen (Mapudungun for wanderer) is a riachuelo in the commune of Cañete in Arauco Province in the Bío Bío Region of Chile that flows southwest towards the coast of the Pacific Ocean, to the northwest of the city of Cañete. Its course is of short but of great volume and traverses a small valley between wooded mountainous areas where it joins the Licauquén River. This valley was a Moluche rehue of the Tucapel aillarehue and the homeland of the Toqui Caupolicán who commanded the Mapuche in the first revolt against domination by the Spanish Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19100789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100789" title="Bids for the 2018 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 2018 Winter Olympics

Three cities applied with bids to host the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics (also known as "XXIII Olympic Winter Games" and "XII Paralympic Winter Games") in October 2009. The International Olympic Committee, under the leadership of Jacques Rogge, received three bids on October 15, 2009. The cities of Annecy, France in the French Alps, Munich, Germany (host of the 1972 Summer Olympics), and Pyeongchang, South Korea, a two-time previous bidder, competed for the hosting rights to the event. This was the lowest number of bidding cities since the 1988 Summer Olympics, coincidentally also won by South Korea. The winning bid was announced on July 6, 2011 at the 123rd IOC Session in Durban, South Africa by IOC President Jacques Rogge at 5.22 pm local time
Pyeongchang beat Munich and Annecy in the first round of votes with 63 of the 95 total votes.
Table results of the 2018 Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics.
Pyeongchang's first round victory was one of the most decisive victories in Olympic voting history. Pyeongchang's 63 vote count is the highest votes ever recorded for a first round bid for a hosting of an IOC Olympic Game. The previous record was held by Salt Lake City with 54 votes for the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Candidate cities overview.
All three cities suggested hosting the Games between February 9–25, 2018. The Paralympics will be held from March 9–18.
Annecy.
At first, the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF) was quite reluctant in bidding for a Winter Games, preferring to focus on a bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics. However, four cities (Annecy, Grenoble, Nice and Pelvoux) expressed interest in hosting the 2018 games. On September 24, 2008, the Olympic Committee announced it had granted these wishes and would bid in 2011. Annecy was elected as the official candidate city by the French NOC on March 18, 2009. The CNOSF acknowledged its tough competition, but intended to learn from the failure of Paris to secure the Summer Olympics recently with victory in Annecy, maintaining a humble approach.
Previous bid head Edgar Grospiron, Olympic skiing champion, stated, "we have exceptional, spectacular scenery with Mount Blanc, economic strength with one million tourists every year, and so we believe that our bid is credible. We want to invite the world to a party in a world famous resort". Grospiron was being assisted by IOC members and former Olympians Jean-Claude Killy and Guy Drut. However, his demission on December 12, 2011 raised questions on the viability of the bid. On January 10, 2011, Charles Beigbeder was named as the new CEO for the Annecy bid. In addition, Olympic champions Jean-Pierre Vidal and Pernilla Wiberg were appointed as Vice Presidents of the bid. Beigbeder said he would seek more financial support for the bid from the private sector. Also announced with Beigbeder's appointment was the selection of Pierre Mirabaud as Director General of the bid. Mirabaud had been a regional government prefect, experience which Beigbeder said was needed by the bid.
On February 12, 2011, the IOC evaluation commission completed its four-day inspection of the Annecy bid. During a brief press conference, commission chair Gunilla Lindberg was cautious in her praise of Annecy. On a positive note, she told reporters: "We have during our visit witnessed very strong governmental support which the bid enjoys and this was highlighted by the presence of the President Sarkozy and many members of his cabinet throughout the visit. I think the bid committee of Annecy has listened to the comments made by the IOC of the spread-out venues in June and there has been a big improvement, especially not having so many competition venues as was proposed." But there was no glowing assessment of the Annecy bid from Lindberg. The Swedish IOC member also gave no clue about any concerns that had arisen during the inspection team's four-day stay in the French Alpine town.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy also travelled to Annecy to meet with the IOC Evaluation Commission inspecting the city's bid for the 2018 Winter Olympic Games. "The government will do everything possible, you can be sure, so that Annecy, applicant for the 2018 Winter Olympics, will be chosen," Sarkozy said. "Annecy's victory will be the victory of the entire nation, standing behind you." While pledging his support for the bid he said "you are trying hard. It's difficult. Your opponents are extremely powerful but I'm with you. If we win the Games it will be fantastic. And if we don't win, all we did will be useful for your cities and your region".
The territory that was proposed to host the Games is concentrated in Annecy and Mont Blanc where 65% of the venues were already built and "the world's leading winter sports destination". In a reference to difficult snow conditions at the 2010 Winter Olympics, organizers made a guarantee of snow in Pays de Savoie where the average snowfall in February is 80 cm. Annecy is a smaller city, so the whole department of Haute-Savoie would have been used, including world famous ski resorts like Chamonix, Megève, La Clusaz, Morzine and Le Grand Bornand. Spread over an area with a 50 km radius, everything is within an hour of Annecy, and two Olympic villages were planned., Of the 13 venues, six venues would have required permanent upgrades, two new venues were already planned to be built, and four other venues would have been built if the Games were hosted in Annecy. Sliding events would have been at La Plagne, the same facilities that were used for the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville and which were upgraded in 2008.
However, in June 2010, the IOC criticized Annecy's bid stating that the competition venues were excessively dispersed. The IOC report was highly critical over the original venue plan, saying it would "present major operational and financial challenges" that would "affect the Games experience for all client groups, particularly athletes". On October 4, 2010 Annecy's leaders unveiled a new "ultra-compact" venue concept in response to the IOC concerns. Under the reworked venue plans, all ice and snow events would take place within a 21-mile radius at two main bases, Annecy and Chamonix, which are less than an hour apart and linked by motorway and the "Games Train". All alpine skiing would take place in Chamonix, which would also host ice hockey. All freestyle skiing and snowboard were centered on Annecy. Curling was relocated to Annecy, the hub of most ice sports, meaning that the Olympic Village would have been a little bigger than previously, to accommodate 2,500 athletes and officials. The revised bid moved the second Olympic Village (1,500 beds) from the Mont Blanc valley into the center of Chamonix.
On March 28, 2011, the CAO (Annecy Anti-Olympic Committee) stated that it wanted to tell people about what "not only the excesses of the Olympics, the sport business, the financial stakes of multinationals and unacceptable demands of the IOC, but also on adverse impacts on the environment and on uncontrolled public spending with long-term debt for the Olympic city". The group said it had collected 13,140 names for its petition opposing plans to bring the Winter Olympics to Annecy. In a press release issued on the 28th, the opposition group cited information reported exclusively by media outlet Around the Rings that an IOC poll showed only 51 percent of the local population supports the Annecy candidacy.
Bid costs were US$ 21 million. Venue construction was set for $419 million and transport/infrastructure costs (including some already planned and some dependent on the Games) was $2.1 billion. Among the transport costs were a new high-capacity gondola connection between Flaine and Mont-Blanc,and a train link. The nearest airport service would have been in Lyon and Geneva (35 minutes by car). Public support for the bid was 88% across France and 81% in the Annecy region.
Annecy's logo featured the French Alps, specifically Mt. Blanc, as well as suggesting the letter "A" for Annecy.
Munich.
Munich hosted the 1972 Summer Olympics, and if selected would have been the first city to host both the Summer and Winter Games. Berlin and Hamburg were considering a summer games bid for 2024 or 2028, but the German Olympic Committee put priority on the Munich bid. After Salzburg's failure to capture the 2014 bid, Germany felt it has a better chance and would have preferred the Olympics sooner rather than later. Munich's bid head was figure skating superstar Katarina Witt, replacing skiing star/filmmaker/entrepreneur Willy Bogner, Jr. who had to step down due to health reasons.
Munich stressed an environmental approach and would have used existing venues in Munich (some from the 1972 Games), and existing venues in the Bavarian mountain resorts of Garmisch-Partenkirchen (location of the 1936 Winter Olympics) and Schönau am Königssee, an hour away by car. Fifteen competition venues were proposed – eight exist, three would have required construction and four would have been temporary. To take environmental responsibility, new venue construction would be on existing sites in order to minimize land use. Ice events would have been held in Munich in addition to the existing Olympic Stadium for ceremonies. The Olympic swimming pool would have been adapted into a curling venue, figure skating and short track would have been at Olympic hall, a hockey arena would have been on the site of the old cycling stadium, and a second ice hockey arena and a speed skating oval would have been dismantled and used elsewhere after the Games. Garmisch-Partenkirchen Snow Park would have housed nine snow venues, Both locations would have had Olympic villages. In the district of Berchtesgadener Land, located in close proximity of the border to Salzburg, Austria, the historic Koenigssee Sliding Center was renovated for the World Championships in 2011 for hosting bobsleigh, luge and skeleton.
The Green Party and several ecological associations opposed the bid. Arguments included the lack of natural snow, the environmental costs of artificial snow, using green land for temporary sites, road construction projects that would have caused a lasting increase of transit traffic, the financial risk, and the imposition of unnegotiable clauses by the IOC. As these points received increasing attention, public support for the bid diminished. While a 2009 poll gave 75.5% support of Munich residents and 68% across Germany, in spring 2010 these numbers were down to 69% and 64%, respectively. The bid proved highly divisive in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, where more than 50 farmers refused to allow the use of their grounds. Before, similar refusal of farmers to cooperate had forced the planners to abandon Oberammergau as site of the Nordic competitions. As a replacement, a state-owned stud near Ohlstadt was chosen, which is located 200 meters lower than Oberammergau and more often than not is snow free in February.
On February 22, 2011, land owners in Garmisch-Partenkirchen supporting the 'Nolympia' initiative began collecting signatures under efforts to force a vote to decide whether the town would back the bid. "The Olympic Winter Games are too big for Garmisch-Partenkirchen. With more than fifty events in the snow cluster there are almost five times as many events as the world ski championships," said Nolympia backer Axel Doering. "Our goal is to win a referendum, so that the contracts be reviewed. Another goal is to finally show that the alleged "huge majority" support for the Olympic Winter Games is a myth," he added. Munich's bid plans called for the leasing of land from private land owners for the Games. The then-German Olympic committee President Thomas Bach said complaints by landowners in Garmisch-Partenkirchen were not a problem for the bid. "It's not a problem at all because for the field of play, it's one piece of land with 800 square meters. The piece of land was there for the alpine world championships six weeks before," said Bach. He added "we have seen this at the world championships they were all going down on this very slope and they will go down in 2018, hopefully."
On February 28, 2011 the IOC evaluation commission traveled to Munich and to the other cities, in which competitions would be held. The 1972 Olympic Stadium in Garmisch-Partenkirchen was the high point of the IOC's tour. IOC Evaluation Commission chair Gunilla Lindberg said her inspection team had "absolutely felt the atmosphere and passion" for the Olympics at the end of its four-day inspection of the Munich bid. "The general impression is that it is a strong bid with strong governmental support. It is a good team on the bid committee and Germany is a big winter sports country used to organizing competitions." The then-IOC vice-president Thomas Bach insisted that 2018 was a good time for the IOC and Olympic Movement to bring the Games to the traditional winter sports city of Munich to "recharge the batteries after having been to new regions, with 2014 to Sochi and 2016 to Rio". German chancellor Angela Merkel said Munich had a "very good chance" of winning the race to host the 2018 Winter Olympics. She added, "The world can look forward to Germany hosting the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games 2018."
In addition to its historical strength as a passionate winter sports nation, figure skating superstar Katarina Witt promoted the bid, as well as 2010 Winter Olympics star alpine skier Maria Riesch and Olympic champion Bavarian biathlete Magdalena Neuner.
Within the IOC, Munich had a strong ally with IOC vice president Thomas Bach, whom, it was thought, could swing the vote to Munich, even though the 2014 Games will have been held in Europe as well. Nevertheless, Munich was already considering a bid for 2022 even before the 2018 bid failed.
Organizers budgeted US$42 million for the bid and US$331 million for venues with $143 million budgeted for an ice hockey arena. $743 million was allotted for new and planned transportation improvements.
The slogan of the Games was "Die Spiele im Herzen" (The games at heart) and it was also being tagged as "the friendly Games". The logo was a stylized M, reminiscent of the Bavarian mountain silhouettes as well as the awnings in Munich's Olympic Park.
Pyeongchang.
After losing the bids for the 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics, Gangwon Province Gov. Jin-sun Kim announced in September 2007 that Pyeongchang would bid a third time. He cited increased knowledge of the bidding process and the enthusiasm of residents as reasons to keep trying. According to a survey by "The Chosun Ilbo" on December 23, 2009, 91.4% of Koreans, 93.4% of Pyeongchang and Jeongseon residents, and 93% of Gangwon residents supported the 2018 Winter Olympics bid. South Korea's figure skating superstar and 2010 Olympic champion Kim Yuna and IOC member and Samsung Group chairman Lee Kun-hee promoted the bid.
The Samsung Chairman and principal owner Lee Kun-hee, given a 3-year suspended sentence for tax evasion and illegal bond dealing, was reportedly pardoned by the South Korean president Lee Myung-bak with the hope that his connections and financial support would boost the chances of Pyeongchang.
On February 16, 2011, the IOC Evaluation Commission arrived in Korea for inspection of Pyeongchang’s bid. "We have seen great progress in the bid from the two previous bids," commission chairwoman Gunilla Lindberg said. "We have also seen progress in Korean winter sports during the last four years." Speaking at the IOC news conference following the inspection of Pyeongchang and venues in Gangwon Province, Lindberg said "I must also mention the passionate support of Gangwon residents. During our site visits it has been wonderful to see so many people to show their support to bring the Olympic Movement to Korea."
Seven venues had been built since the previous bids, including ski jumping slopes, and biathlon and cross-country skiing courses. Pyeongchang would be a compact Olympic Games, with travel times of less than 30 minutes between the main accommodation in Alpensia resort and the venues and 10 minutes between venues. A new 250 km per hour KTX line will be built between Seoul and Wonju via Pyeongchang putting Pyeongchang within 50 minutes of Seoul.
German reporter Dietmar Gessner from "Sport Bild" said that "in Asia including Korea you can create more customers. You can make lots of money for winter sports."
Pyeongchang’s slogan is “New Horizons.” The bid's logo suggests the winter scenery of Pyeongchang with snow on the mountains. The curve implies a will to win and symbolizes a snowboard and slope of winter sports.
Applicant cities venues list.
These venues are from the applicant cities' mini bid books. Note that the selected candidate cities, and in particular Sochi, have changed their venues plan afterwards in the final proposal to the IOC.
Potential cities overview.
These cities launched bids or indicated interest, but ultimately did not bid to the IOC.
Almaty bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics, but did not make the short list.
The Ukrainian government announced in 2006 that Ukraine's popular Bukovel ski and snowboard resort was expanding in expectation of a bid. Xinhua reported neither city will bid due to a number of reasons including weak infrastructure.
Gap looked at the idea of a bid, but withdrew it in September 2008. The cities of Grenoble, Nice, and Pelvoux also expressed interest to the French Olympic Committee, but were passed over for Annecy.
Geneva planned to launch a bid pending a public referendum, but the city decided to bid in 2022 instead. The Swiss Olympic Committee did not support the bid.
A 2007 report indicated the New Zealand Olympic Committee suggested a bid for a combined Queenstown – Dunedin bid.
The new government did not show the same enthusiasm of bidding as the previous one. The political change was already made during a bid by the Swedish Olympic Committee. It would have been the eighth attempt at bidding in the Winter Olympics, after many bids finished as runner ups.
After losing a bid for the 2010 games, the host of the 1984 Winter Olympics expressed interest in bidding for the 2018 games.
Vessela Lecheva, BOC chairwoman announced plans to have at least one project for a multifunctional hall in Sofia to improve chances after three failed bids. Sofia also bid for the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics but lost to Lillehammer.
Tromsø beat Trondheim and the joint-bid Oslo–Lillehammer. The bid cost became contentious in Norway, National support was also low, with only 38% in favor of the bid; however bid head Petter Rønningen cited polls showing stronger support. Finally the application was withdrawn due to a lack of support.
Bohinj mayor Franc Kramar proposed a bid with seven other mayors in Upper Carniola region.
Denver, Colorado (previously chosen to host the 1976 Winter Olympics, but eventually declined the games), Reno–Lake Tahoe, Nevada–California, and 2002 host Salt Lake City, Utah. expressed interest. The USOC declined to bid, focusing on the unsuccessful Chicago 2016 Olympic bid instead, and will not bid until at least the 2024 Summer Olympics.
There were initiatives to present Zaragoza. However, the mayor announced they would reserve the bid for the 2022 Winter Olympics, reasoning it would be unlikely for Europe to be awarded due to the unofficial continental rotation policy, giving the failure of Madrid's bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics as an example.
Predicting indices.
Two websites, GamesBids.com and Around the Rings, feature predicting indices which specialize in evaluations of Olympic Games bids. They periodically release analysis of the candidates and assigns them a score between 0 and 100, or 0 and 110 respectively. The score produces a number that can be used to rate a bid relative to past successful bids – and possibly gauge its potential future success. GamesBids.com's scale is called BidIndex, ATR's is called the Power Index.
PowerIndex predicted that Munich would win, while BidIndex predicted that PyeongChang would win. Annecy was at a distant third, lagging behind 13 points in the BidIndex and 10 points behind in the PowerIndex. Ratings for the BidIndex are from April 2011 and rating for the PowerIndex are from June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19100791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100791" title="RMB City">
RMB City

RMB City is a virtual city in the online world of Second Life, planned and developed by Beijing artist Cao Fei (SL: China Tracy). Launched in 2008, and open to the public since January 2009, RMB City is a platform for experimental creative activities, one in which Cao Fei and her collaborators use different mediums to test the boundaries between virtual and physical existence. As a laboratory for investigations in art, design, architecture, literature, cinema, politics, economy, society, and beyond, RMB City is constantly nourished by new and innovative projects, and supported by leading international art institutions and networks. As a model of avant-garde urban planning, it traverses the boundaries between past and future, real and virtual to link China and the cosmopolitan contemporary world.
In 2009, RMB City was a lab for both filmmaking and live theater. Cao Fei’s first documentary film after building RMB City, "The Birth of RMB City", took a dreamy and epic look at the city, showing how it was constructed, but also highlighting it’s fragility by depicting an inevitable demise. After this film was completed, she invited different artists to use various mediums to create different live artworks, and those works also became the life of the on-line city. Based on those creative actions, Cao Fei made two films in the video format: "People's Limbo" and "Live in RMB City", both of which became chronicles of human experience in RMB City.
Cao Fei does not only investigate in virtual space however, and in 2009, she traversed boundaries to bring RMB City to the real life space by creating RMB City Opera. This stage performance brought the interaction and tension between real and virtual identities to light in front of an audience, by using both physical and Second Life spaces to set the stage for interaction between actors and avatars.
The running of RMB City is extensively documented on its official website.
RMB City in RL (Real-life).
Throughout the “construction process” and actual operation period of RMB City in 2008, the Serpentine Gallery in London displayed its progress in a dedicated physical space. Since then, RMB City has been exhibited in museums, galleries, and institutions around the world.
Virtual institution- and individual collector-“managed” buildings inside RMB City will hold regularly changing exhibitions and events open to all Second Life users.
Selected RMB City Artworks and Documentation.
WORKS
DOCUMENTATION
THEATRICAL PLAY
SL Events in RMB City.
RMB City is holding a Naked Contest in SL.
On June 13, 2010 (8pm SLT) come naked. Naked could be anything! Undressed or overexposed. Highly costumed or almost invisible.
The winner wins 30000 L$
Judging panel: Hamlet Au, Rodion Resistance & China Tracy
‘Naked Idol’ is a statement of freedom. We want you to:
• UNDRESS YOUR IMAGINATION
• SET YOUR AVATAR FREE
• COME NAKED THE WAY YOU FEEL YOU ARE
Rules:
1 am Second Life Time, People's Park (RMB City 3 102, 11, 22)
Have you disentangled the RMB City Code? Or are you still wondering where Wangguowei Wasp is?
Whether you’re desperate for answers, or simply want to collect your free gift, join us for a special Prize Ceremony on May 31 at 1 am SLT, in People’s Park. Rumor has it that the elusive Wangguowei himself may drop in...
In 1927, the poet Wang Guowei threw himself into the murmuring waters of Beijing’s Kunming Lake, never to be seen again in the first world.
Now, almost a century later, a rumor is afoot: was that Wang Guo Wei’s avatar that was recently spotted in Second Life? Yes, “Wangguowei Wasp” was seen in RMB City, only to swiftly vanish once again, leaving a trail of clues in his wake.
Beginning on March 29, 2010, and for one month thereafter, you can become a Second Life detective and help to solve the mystery of his latest disappearance.
This compelling mission will involve exploring the most secluded back alleys of the island and interacting with the most mysterious characters in all of RMB City. A curious eye and open-minded heart will help you to unearth Wuang Guowei’s secret. 
At the end of the game, the most intrepid explorers will be awarded with an unexpected prize.
If your mission has not been completed yet, you may find some answers here…Listen carefully: the City is showing you the right path..
Virtual institution- and individual collector-“managed” buildings inside RMB City will hold regularly changing exhibitions and events open to all Second Life users.

</doc>
<doc id="19100793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100793" title="Battle of Wiesloch (1632)">
Battle of Wiesloch (1632)

The Battle of Wiesloch () occurred on 16 August 1632 during the Thirty Years' War near the German city of Wiesloch, south of Heidelberg. A Swedish army led by Count Gustav Horn fought an army of the Holy Roman Empire led by Count Ernesto Montecuccoli. The battle resulted in a Swedish victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19100796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100796" title="1972 South American Open (tennis)">
1972 South American Open (tennis)

The 1972 South American Open was a men's tennis tournament that was part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina and was held from November 27 through December 1, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19100813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100813" title="Uncreation">
Uncreation

Uncreation is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Benedictum, released through Locomotive Records on March 14, 2006. The album was originally due to be released in late 2005, but was delayed to 2006 to allow for some creative tweaking.

</doc>
<doc id="19100816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100816" title="Potti Sriramulu College of Engineering &amp; Technology">
Potti Sriramulu College of Engineering &amp; Technology

Potti Sriramulu Chalavadi Mallikarjunarao College of Engineering & Technology is an engineering college located in the Krishna District of Andhra Pradesh, India. The college is located in the centre of Vijayawada. The college is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada and is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi.
Introduction.
The college is located in the commercial district of Vijayawada on a ten acre campus. The academic complex includes: faculty offices, theatre style and classic lecture halls, an indoor stadium, an auditorium, and a library. There are laboratories for computer studies, communication skills, electronics, internet technology and an electrical workshop.
Management.
PSCMRCET is a private sector, not for profit institute which is governed by a group of philanthropists from the business community of Vijayawada and surrounds.
SKPVV Hindu high schools' committee.
The group was founded in 1906. The members contributed funds and raised donations from like minded people to build a primary school to provide education for the children of the poor. The committee was registered with the Registrar of Krishna District in 1911. As the number of contributors increased, more schools and colleges were opened. The proper governance of the committee and consistency of its mission values are given priority.
Courses Offered.
The college offers a graduate course in engineering and a masters course in business administration. There are also undergraduate courses.
Computer Science and Engineering.
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering (founded 2008) is fondly called "Team CSE" by students. It enrolls 120 students. The department aims are to heighten technological awareness; train future industry specialists; provide consultancy and involve students in research and development. The head of department is Dr. R. Chandrasekharam. The department has a student association known as "ACCESS," an acronym for "Achievers' Community for Computer Engineering and Scientific Study".
Research and Development.
A computer laboratory of 30 systems and 2 servers, with software such as Microsoft Developer Network (MSDN) is established for R&D. The department facilitates "live" student projects from IBM. Oracle Academy is established and negotiations for Microsoft certification center is in progress in addition with R&D establishments.
Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering.
The department has a microprocessors & interfacing lab, an electronic devices and circuits lab, an analog and digital communication lab, a power electronics lab and an advanced communication lab. 
The head of department is Professor Seshagiri Rao. The student association of the "ECE" is known as "SPAECE".The present intake of the department is 120 students.
Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering.
The electrical and electronics engineering department was founded with a threefold mission in teaching, research, and public service. The head of department is Prof.Y.V.Balaramakrishnarao, Ph.D. The student association is called "VIDYUT". The present intake of the department is 60 students.
Department of Information Technology.
The department teaches the theoretical and practical aspects of information technology and computer science. The student association is called "CASPAIN". The department falls under the Computer Science and Engineering Department. The intake of the department is 60 students.
Department of Management Studies.
The department aims to teach students the skills to allow them to contribute to management in public and private domains in India. The head of department is Dr.V.Durga Prasad, MBA, Ph.D. The intake of the department is 60 students.
Department of Science and Humanities.
The science and humainites department teaches English, mathematics, engineering physics, engineering chemistry and environmental science.
Training & Placements.
The college is registered under the " Jawahar Knowledge Center" (JKC). Students will look for work in Indian IT companies such as Syntel. Students with masters of business management or bachelor of technology have been placed with companies such as HDFC Bank, Adithya Software Solutions, VisionTek, HCL Technologies and Muthoot Finance.
Events.
On 25 September the CSE and IT departments jointly ran "ILLUMINATI-2K9", the college's inaugural national level technical symposium. On 4 October 2009, the ECE department hosted "GENISPAR-2K9" the college's inaurural, national level paper presentation. The college considered both events successful. The college also organises an annual educational festival called "Jignasa" (curiosity to learn).

</doc>
<doc id="19100828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100828" title="Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1 metre springboard">
Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1 metre springboard

The Men's 1m Springboard event was contested for the first time at the World Aquatics Championships during the 1991 edition, held in Perth, Western Australia.
The competition was split into two phases, with a preliminary round, where the twelve divers with the highest scores advanced to the final. In the last round divers perform a set of dives to determine the final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="19100846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100846" title="John Mogg">
John Mogg

John Mogg is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19100848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100848" title="Chang'an Grand Theatre">
Chang'an Grand Theatre

The Chang'an Grand Theatre (长安大戏院), located on East Chang'an Avenue, is a theatre in Beijing that specializes in Peking Opera performances. Opened in 1996, the Chang'an Grand Theatre is a modern Peking Opera theatre which displays modern facilities such as advanced highlights, multi-functional stage and computer controlled sound and light systems. In its interior, it features a Ming Dynasty design and traditional Peking Opera theatre decorations. It is one of Beijing's most popular Peking Opera theatres, and because of its modern design, it is regarded as one of the best Peking Opera theatres for acoustics. Unlike many other opera theatres, it features English subtitles above the stage. The theatre's second floor also contains a museum which exhibits Peking Opera costumes, make-up and artifacts.

</doc>
<doc id="19100853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100853" title="SdKfz 234">
SdKfz 234

The SdKfz 234 Puma ("Sonderkraftfahrzeug 234", or Special Purpose Vehicle 234), was an armoured car designed and built in Germany during World War II. The vehicle itself is lightly armoured, with a medium-velocity, 50mm main gun and an impressive Tatra V12 diesel engine. The SdKfz 234 broadly resembles the "SdKfz" 231 (8 "rad").
Design.
The combat experience of fast-moving, hard-hitting wheeled reconnaissance vehicles during the Wehrmacht's early invasions of Poland and France impressed German military officials, but indicated some deficiencies in existing designs. A new armoured car project was thusly undertaken in August 1940, incorporating several lessons from the Wehrmacht's own external operations. The latest Büssing-NAG "SdKfz" 232 variant, the "Sd Kfz" 234 was designed later that year. It was to have a monocoque chassis with eight wheels, like its predecessors, and an aircooled engine for use in North Africa.
Chassis were built by Büssing-NAG in Leipzig-Wahren, while armoured bodies were provided by Deutsche Edelstahlwerke of Krefeld and turrets by Daimler Benz in Berlin-Marienfelde and Schichau of Elbing, with engines from Ringhoffer-Tatra-Werke AG of Nesseldorf.
Service history.
Protracted engine development meant the desert campaign was over before the 234 arrived, but it nevertheless proved useful on the Eastern and Western Fronts. It was quite formidable, but not many were built before it was replaced by the simpler 234/1, with a 20mm gun, in 1944.
Variants.
There were four main variants. 

</doc>
<doc id="19100873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100873" title="Vinelander">
Vinelander

The Vinelander was an Australian named passenger train that operated by the Victorian Railways between Melbourne and Mildura from August 1972 until September 1993. Operating overnight along the Mildura line, it included motorail and sleeping car facilities.
History.
A trial daylight service, the "Mildura Sunlight", commenced between Melbourne and Mildura on 3 September 1957. Air-conditioned Z type carriage stock was used, running thrice weekly.
Night trains replaced this from 1967, and a Motorail service was added in 1968.
The "Vinelander" first ran on 9 August 1972 after intense local lobbying for an upgrade of the existing overnight train. The name was the product of a naming completion held by the Victorian Railways, with steel sleeping cars formerly used on "The Overland" being used, along with older wooded stock. A buffet car and bar was added to the train from 18 July 1977, but drunken behaviour became an issue, with offending passengers being removed from the train at intermediate stations. The typical timetable of the 1970s had a Melbourne departure at 21:20 and an arrival into Mildura at 08:05.
The train was promoted as one of the Victorian Railways' premier trains, in 1974 Victorian Railways sponsored a race meeting of the Mildura Racing Club, with the winner receiving the Vinelander Plate. 
In 1984 a parallel road coach commenced operations. A day train named the "Sunraysia" commenced in 1987 but was withdrawn in 1990.
The last "Vinelander" ran on 12 September 1993 after the cutbacks of the Kennett State Government. A service review was announced by the Bracks Government in 2000, in part due to the independent politician Russell Savage enabling the formation of a minority Labor government in the 1999 Victorian state election. The service never returned.
Withdrawal.
The withdrawal of The Vinelander service in 1993 occurred under controversial circumstances. Two days before the service was scheduled to be axed, intending passengers were on the platform at Spencer Street station, ready to board the train to Mildura, when it was announced that it had been cancelled due to a landslide along the track. Despite the very short notice of the cancellation, buses were conveniently available as an alternative. Suspicions about the supposed landslide story were aroused when it was noted that it hadn't blocked the Melbourne-bound Vinelander that same evening. 
A leaked document from the train controllers working that evening also aroused suspicion and an investigation revealed that the story about the landslide was a hoax.
V/Line management failed to give any clear explanation for their actions and it is widely believed that the sudden cancellation of the final Vinelander service was done to avoid any protests, such as the one that had taken place earlier at Bairnsdale, when the withdrawal of the service occurred as planned a couple of days later.

</doc>
<doc id="19100891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100891" title="Shanghai Jincai High School">
Shanghai Jincai High School


</doc>
<doc id="19100903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100903" title="1973 South American Open (tennis)">
1973 South American Open (tennis)

The 1973 South American Open was part of the 1973 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on November 25, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19100905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100905" title="Anthony Reynolds">
Anthony Reynolds

Anthony Reynolds is a Welsh musician. He has worked as a solo artist, and also in collaboration with others in his bands Jack and Jacques.
Jack.
In 1993, Reynolds moved to London where he formed the group Jack, on lead vocals, signing a music publishing deal with Warner Chappell as well as a record deal with independent label Too Pure.
Jack released three full-length albums, the first two of which – "Pioneer Soundtracks" (1996) and "The Jazz Age" (1998) – garnered excellent reviews and were placed highly in critics' end-of-year polls. Despite the overwhelmingly positive critical reaction and extensive UK and European touring, sales for both records although respectable were ultimately disappointing, and no Jack record would ever make the UK Top 40 single or albums charts.
The third album, "The End Of The Way It's Always Been", was released on the Les Disques du Crépuscule label. The record featured collaborations with writer/musician Kirk Lake and the American poet and novelist/screenwriter Dan Fante (son of John Fante). An extensive European tour promoted the record. The critical reaction in the UK to the album was markedly less positive than for the first two Jack albums, but the album was markedly successful in France.
Jack also recorded a five-track EP 'La belle et la Discothèque' with ex-Cocteau Twins bassist Simon Raymonde, son of arranger Ivor Raymonde.
Jacques.
During Jack's existence, Reynolds (occasionally with Jack co-writer/lead guitarist Matthew Scott) also recorded two albums and a handful of singles and EPs in his side project Jacques. Both albums were released by Setanta Records.
The first Jacques album, "How To Make Love, Vol. 1" (1997) was produced by Momus, featuring a more sparse, experimental sound than Reynolds' work with Jack. Compared to the critical garlands bestowed upon "Pioneer Soundtracks", the hastily recorded album (completed in seven days) received mixed reviews.
The second album, "To Stars" (2000), had more in common with the expansive, orchestral Jack sound and was generally more well-received than its predecessor.
Sales were modest for both Jacques albums, and a planned third album was cancelled mid way through recording, when Jacques were dropped by Setanta in 2001.
Other work.
Reynolds has released two solo full-length albums – "Neu York" (2004), credited to "anthony", and "British Ballads" (2007), released under his own name. A footnote to "Neu York" – "(I was born) in prehistoric Spain" – was released in 2005 on the Spanish Moonpalace label.
Reynolds has stated that he considers "British Ballads" to be his "proper" debut solo record. It featured cameos from English writer Colin Wilson, the singer-songwriter and pianist John Howard, ex-Cocteau Twin Simon Raymonde, Dot Allison and English folk artist Vashti Bunyan.
The album received some of the best reviews of Reynolds' career, but yet again, with no real radio play and without funds to tour, the sales were disappointing. From the off, Reynolds considered this his "final debut", stating on his Myspace blog that, since the majority of the musicians appearing on "British Ballads" were session musicians, it was financially impractical to consider recording a new album on the same scale.
Reynolds attended a Simon Raymonde recording session where Vashti Bunyan was recording her version of a Reynolds song. This would eventually surface six years later, on the Bees dream of flowers and your meadows summer breath EP.
Reynolds also joined a Spanish band, La Muneca de Sal, on lead vocals, contributing some of his own songs. The band perform original material as well as songs from Reynolds' previous projects.
He has collaborated with many European musicians, both as a co-composer and producer, including the Italian groups "Hollowblue" and "Marti" and the Spanish group "Migala". In 2000, he sang with the Moscow Philharmonic on an album by the French film composer Franck Roussel.
Personal life.
Reynolds was born in Cardiff, Wales, in the early 1970s. Reynolds has lived in London, Paris, Shropshire, Spain and Cardiff. He currently lives in Wales.
Since 1992, Reynolds has also worked as a journalist, writing essays and critiques for various magazines in the UK and the US, most notably Stop Smiling magazine.
In 2002, Les Disques du Crépuscule published a collection of his lyrics, poetry and prose entitled "These Roses taste like ashes".
Reynolds has also written two full-length biographies. The first, on the 1960s group The Walker Brothers, was released in the UK and US by Jawbone press in August 2009. The second, a commission by Plexus books, on the singer-songwriter Jeff Buckley, was published again in both countries in July.
In 2011, 'Leonard Cohen - a remarkable life', Reynolds' biography on Leonard Cohen, was published by Omnibus press. It has since gone on to be published in eight languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19100912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100912" title="Iqbal Haider">
Iqbal Haider

Iqbal Haider (14 January 1945 – 11 November 2012) was a Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and the Co-Chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan ("HRCP"). He was also a Senator, Federal Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs from November 1993 to December 1994, Pakistan's first Federal Minister for Human Rights and Attorney General.
Life and education.
Haider was born on 14 January 1945 in Agra in pre-partition India (British Raj). He migrated to Pakistan with his family and got his early education in Karachi. 
He earned a Bachelor's degree in Commerce from the Government College of Commerce & Economics, Karachi in 1964, and an LLB from the Punjab University Law College, Lahore in 1966, where he was Secretary of the Debating Society, Vice-Chairman of the Cultural Society of the Punjab University Students Union. In 1967, Haider was admitted to the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, where he became the Vice-President of the Students Union of Lincoln's Inn.
Haider died peacefully due to Coronary respiratory failour on 11 November 2012 in a Karachi hospital.
Professional career.
Haider was first enrolled as an advocate for the subordinate courts in June 1967. He has practiced law in different courts of the country, including the High Courts, since 1972, and in the Supreme Court of Pakistan since 1978. He has been member of the Executive Board/Committees of a number of organisations, including Pakistan Institute of International Affairs and the Sindh Red Crescent Society, and a Trustee of the Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Sports Foundation. He is also a member of the Bar Associations of the Sindh and Lahore High Courts.
Political career.
Haider has, since early in his career, been an outspoken critic of the involvement of the Army in the political affairs of Pakistan. He was a founding member of the Movement for Restoration of Democracy ("MRD") and one of the main organizers of its Mass Movement, launched in 1983, for removal of Martial Law and Restoration of Democracy. He was the Central Acting Convener, Acting Central Secretary General and Acting Joint Secretary of the MRD. From 1981 to 1986, he was detained at least ten times by the Martial Law authorities.
Haider was President of the Karachi Division of Qaumi Mahaz-e-Azadi (QMA) from 1977 to 1982, and Secretary General of QMA from 1983 to 1988.
Haider later joined the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), where he was appointed the Advisor to the Chief Minister Sindh from January 1989 to February 1990. He was the President of the PPP Karachi Division, Vice-President of PPP Sindh, and member of the Central Executive Committee of the PPP. On 22 March 2005, Haider resigned from the PPP to pursue his human rights interests.
Haider was elected as a Senator in March 1991. He is member of the Senate Standing Committees on:
He is also a member of the Functional Committee on Human Rights.
Human rights.
Haider's passion was human rights. He has done work for victims of honour killing (e.g. Samia Sarwar), karo-kari, bonded labour, and missing persons, amongst others. He founded the Human Rights Ministry during the second tenure of Shaheed Benazir Bhutto and became the first Human Rights minister of Pakistan. He sat in the Senate Committee on Human Rights, was one of the founding members of the HRCP, and continues to pursue human rights causes in Pakistan. The drafted and tabled the first ever bill on Honour Killing. 
His recent activities included launching a strong campaign against the government and Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) in relation to missing persons and formation of 'The Forum for Secular Pakistan' to counter the narrative of religious and sectarian hate and violence.

</doc>
<doc id="19100922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100922" title="Processor book">
Processor book

Memory and processors reside in what are termed processor books. The book concept was first introduced on the z990 machine of the IBM System z9. A book contains processors, memory, and connection to the I/O cages. Books are located in the CEC cage. Each "System z" configuration has one to four books.

</doc>
<doc id="19100943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100943" title="St. John Brebeuf Regional Secondary">
St. John Brebeuf Regional Secondary

St. John Brebeuf Regional Secondary is a Catholic school, under the administration of CISVA (Catholic Independent Schools of the Vancouver Archdiocese) school board.
The school is co-educational, offering academic, fine arts, and business programs, as well as athletic, performing arts, and other extracurricular programs, for students from grades 8 to 12.
History.
Saint John Brebeuf Regional Secondary is the first Catholic high school in the central Fraser Valley. The school began with Grade 8 in portable classroom in September 1992 and now has over 400 students. 
Independent school status.
St. John Brebeuf Regional Secondary is classified as a Group 1 school under British Columbia's Independent School Act. It receives 50% funding from the Ministry of Education. The school receives no funding for capital costs. It is under charge of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver.
Academic performance.
In 2013, the Fraser Institute ranked St. John Brebeuf Regional Secondary as 117th out of 284 British Columbia high schools.
Athletic performance.
Soccer
In the 2008-2009 school year St. John Brebeuf's senior boys soccer team came first in the Single "A" Provincials that the school hosted, making it the best the team has ever done in the history of the school.
Soccer
In the 2008-2009 school year St.John Brebeuf's senior girls soccer team came third in the Single "A" Provincials in Nakusp, finishing a fantastic year for both soccer teams.
Artistic performance.
Music
In the years 2007-2010 St John Brebeuf's Jazz Band led by Robert Woitowich, has won Gold status in the Kwantlen Jazz Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19100963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100963" title="1974 South American Championships (tennis)">
1974 South American Championships (tennis)

The 1974 South American Championships was a men's tennis tournament for male players that was part of the 1974 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix. It was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina and started on November 24, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19100973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100973" title="Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 1 metre springboard">
Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 1 metre springboard

The Women's 1m Springboard event was contested for the first time at the World Aquatics Championships during the 1991 edition, held in Perth, Western Australia.
The competition was split into two phases, with a preliminary round, where the twelve divers with the highest scores advanced to the final. In the last round divers performed a set of dives to determine the final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="19100974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100974" title="Tooth interior fatigue fracture">
Tooth interior fatigue fracture

Tooth interior fatigue fracture, (TIFF), is a type of gear failure. The failure is characterised by a fracture at approximately mid-height on the tooth of the gear. This distinguishes it from a tooth root fatigue failure. The crack for a TIFF is initiated in the interior of the tooth. This distinguishes TIFF from other fatigue failures of gears. TIFF has been observed in case-hardened idlers (i.e. gear wheels loaded on both flanks during each revolution). 
The TIFF fracture surface has a distinct plateau in the central part along the tooth width and approximately mid-height of the tooth. In a close-up of the cross-section of the TIFF small wing cracks are observed. The presence of the wing crack indicates that the main crack has propagated from the centre of the tooth toward the tooth flank.
The crack-producing stresses of TIFF are twofold: i) constant residual tensile stresses in the interior of the tooth due to case hardening; and ii) alternating stresses due to the idler usage of the gear wheel.
Contact fatigue begins with surface distress, which can grow to spalling. In severe cases a secondary crack can grow from a spalling crater through the tooth thickness and a part of the tooth can fall off. In contrast to the fracture of severe contact fatigue, spalling craters are not necessary at the flank surface for a TIFF.
See also.
Fracture mechanics

</doc>
<doc id="19100977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100977" title="Liam Davis">
Liam Davis

Liam Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19100984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100984" title="Provident Bank of New Jersey">
Provident Bank of New Jersey

Provident Financial Services, Inc. is the holding company for The Provident Bank. Established in 1839, The Provident Bank emphasizes personal service and customer convenience in attending to the financial needs of businesses, individuals and families in 11 counties in northern and central New Jersey. The bank offers a broad array of deposit, loan, and investment products as well as trust, fiduciary and wealth management services through its wholly owned subsidiary, Beacon Trust Company.
Corporate history.
The Provident Institution for Savings was originally chartered by the State of New Jersey in 1839, becoming the first mutual savings bank in the history of the state. The first President was John F. Ellis from 1839 to 1841. Co-founder Dudley S. Gregory became President in 1841 and held the job until his retirement in 1874. Due to the general public mistrust of banks resulting from the Panic of 1837, it did not accept its first deposit of $227 until October 16, 1843. The Provident was run out of a room in Jersey City's Temperance Hall until moving to the office of Treasurer Peter Bentley in 1846. By 1875, Provident had assets of $3.5 million.
A run on the bank occurred on May 12, 1882 following the attempted suicide of Edmund W. Kingsland, the bank's Treasurer, in his office. The run on the bank ceased when an independent audit proved all accounts were in order. Mr. Kingsland survived the suicide attempt.
In 1989, The Provident Savings Bank celebrated its 150th anniversary. 
Acquisition of The First National Bank of Dunellen.
In 1978, Provident acquired the First National Bank of Dunellen. This was a pioneering move. No one had ever heard of a savings bank buying out a commercial bank. When the deal was complete, however, Provident had increased its assets by $20 million and added two new branch offices – Dunellen and Green Brook.
Merger with Bloomfield Savings Bank.
Controlled growth solidified Provident’s status as a stalwart financial institution. A landmark event in the history of both Provident and its neighboring competitor Bloomfield Savings Institution was marked in 1983 when they announced a merger that would create a billion-dollar plus bank.

</doc>
<doc id="19100996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19100996" title="Saur 1">
Saur 1

The Saur 1 (formerly "Zimbru 2006") is an armoured personnel carrier developed by the Romanian company ROMARM in 2006.
Development.
Late in 2006, ROMARM completed the first prototype of a new multi-role amphibious armoured infantry fighting vehicle called Saur. In the past this has been referred to as the Zimbru 2006. This has been developed as a private venture by ROMARM based on its considerable experience in the design, development and production of a wide range of wheeled vehicles for the home and export markets. The Saur 1 was first unveiled at Expomil 2007. Saur 1 was developed to meet the requirements of the Romanian Army but as of late 2007 no production orders had been placed for the Saur. To meet an Urgent Operational Requirement (UOR), the Romanian Ministry of National Defense has placed a contract with MOWAG of Switzerland for a total of 31 Piranha III (8×8) armoured vehicles with deliveries to run from 2007 through to 2008.
Description.
The hull of the Saur 1 is of all-welded steel which provides the occupants with protection from small arms fire and shell splinters with the highest protection being given over the frontal arc. According to ROMARM, the vehicle has Level 1 anti-mine and ballistic protection. The SAUR 1 can be fitted with an add-on armour kit, raising the protection to Level 2.
Layout of the new Saur AIV is in line with more recent 8×8 developments in other countries with the driver's position towards the front on the left and the power pack to the right which makes the chassis easier to adopt for a wide range of battlefield missions. The troop compartment extends to the rear of the hull with the roof hatch arrangement depending on the mission. In a typical AIV role the commander would be seated to the rear of the driver and also be provided with a single-piece hatch cover. Both the driver's and commander's hatch covers open to the rear and to the immediate front are three periscopes for forward observation. The middle one can be replaced by a passive periscope for driving at night. The weapon station would be in the center of the roof with two hatches over the rear troop compartment which open outwards and can be locked in the vertical position. The troops would typically be seated on individual seats down either side facing inwards. The Saur 1 is capable of speeds in excess of 100km/h.
Variants.
A new improved version, the Saur 2 was unveiled at the Black Sea Defence & Aerospace (BSDA 2008) exhibition held in Bucharest in 2008. The Saur 2 has a redesigned nose section and is fitted with a new engine and bigger wheels;

</doc>
<doc id="19101002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101002" title="Dig Out Your Soul Tour">
Dig Out Your Soul Tour

The Dig Out Your Soul Tour was a world concert tour by English rock band Oasis, in support of their album "Dig Out Your Soul". The tour started in Seattle, Washington at the WaMu Theater and was planned to continue until 30 August, where they were scheduled to play their final show of the tour at the I-Day Festival in Milan, Italy. However, on 28 August 2009, after a fight between the Gallaghers in the backstage, their manager announced the cancellation of their concert at the Rock-en-Seine festival near Paris just minutes before it was about to begin, the cancellation of the European tour and that the group "does not exist anymore", referring a coming statement from Noel Gallagher.
Two hours later, a little before midnight, on the band website, a statement of Noel Gallagher read:
"It's with some sadness and great relief to tell you that I quit Oasis tonight. People will write and say what they like, but I simply could not go on working with Liam a day longer."
"Apologies to all the people who bought tickets for the shows in Paris, Konstanz and Milan."
History.
Before the band embarked on the tour, songwriter/guitarist Noel Gallagher jokingly said he considered outplaying The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, which was the highest grossing tour of all time with $558 million earned, and lasted over two years. He fell back to minimising it to a year and a half, citing exhaustion as a reason.
The band played a special show for fans in their rehearsal studio on 14 August 2008. The setlist included some of their oldest tunes, but surprisingly included a track from "Be Here Now", "My Big Mouth". The band rarely play any of the album's songs live, other than special occasions and acoustic sessions.
So far, all of the tour's concerts are listenable on several forums and blogs.
Midway during their performance of "Morning Glory" in Toronto, Canada at the annual Virgin Festival, a man ran on stage and hit Noel on the back, knocking him to the ground. The band left the stage, but after five minutes, the show continued. It is unknown how the man got past security, although he was seen coming from backstage. A 47-year-old Canadian was charged with assault.
The incident sparked many well known media outlets all across the world, especially in North America, to report on the story.
Due to the injuries Noel sustained in the incident at the Virgin Festival, four concerts were postponed, including the 9 September show in London, Ontario, and the first three shows of the European leg. In addition, the 12 September concert in New York was cancelled.
Since the Toronto incident from early September, security for the rest of the 2008 shows had cracked down to disposing personal belongings. Since the start of the summer tour, it has loosened up, noticeably at the Slane Castle shows where many thousands of people had passed security gates without being searched, urging many other people who had not paid to see the band attend as well.
The Wembley Arena, London (16 October) gig was broadcast live in the United Kingdom and Ireland on MTV One.
On 24 October Oasis broke ticket sales for a single day in the UK selling over 500,000 tickets in 7 hours.
On 2 February Oasis performed in Milan, Italy in front of a crowd of 12,000 for the first time in more than three years. The Italian leg of the tour also included Rome, Treviso, Bolzano and Florence.
On 28 February, Oasis were informed by their Chinese promoters that the Chinese authorities that they had their performing licenses revoked and their gigs in Shanghai and Beijing cancelled. According to the promoters, the Chinese government had recently discovered that Noel Gallagher had performed at a Free Tibet Benefit Concert in New York in 1997, and on their MySpace page the band expressed disappointment and bewilderment at the decision.
On 1 April, Oasis performed at Seoul Olympic Stadium, 3 years after their last gig in Korea at 2006. The band met such a wild and passionate crowd that during the show Noel commented that he was "good to be back...you seem to have grown crazier." The crowd sang along with the band for almost all of the songs including those from Dig Out Your Soul. Throughout the concert, there were repeated requests for the band to play Live Forever. Noel played the song acoustic after the rest of the band left the stage because "somebody said people would be very upset if they didn't hear Live Forever. So this is special for Korean fans." This was a rare occasion for the band to play Live Forever live.
On 30 April, Oasis played their first gig on Lima, Peru selling out all the tickets at Estadio Nacional, playing for more than 48,000 fans and thus surprising the band, who later on said that it was one of the best shows and crowds on the tour. During an interview in Chile before the show in Santiago, Andy Bell alongside Gem Archer said that the Lima gig was possibly his favourite gig and the best they have ever done, saying that it was "really incredible".
On 3 May, Oasis played their fourth gig on Buenos Aires, Argentina. At the end of "Don't Look Back in Anger", Noel Gallagher got sentimental due the accompaniment of the public towards him. Before "I Am the Walrus", the people started to sing "Live Forever" (this also happened in Lima), suggesting the brothers to play it. The band didn't accept and then continued with the final song. After that, Noel Gallagher said it was one of the best shows of his life.
During interviews in early 2009, Noel had stated that this may be the last tour they will ever embark on or at least for several years due to growing older.
On 4 June 2009, Oasis played the first of three concerts at Manchester's Heaton Park and after having to leave the stage twice due to a generator failure, came on the third time to declare the gig was now a free concert, much to the delight of the 70,000 ticket holders inside the venue. Although in his diary entry he said the gig ended "in fuckin' shambles", he later admitted he still enjoyed himself under the circumstances. An estimated 20,000 fans had taken up the offer to receive a refund, to which Noel Gallagher had jokingly called them all 'Cheeky cunts!'
On 9 July 2009 at Wembley Stadium, Noel dedicated "Live Forever" to the lead singer of "The Verve" Richard Ashcroft who was in the crowd watching the show.
On 9 July 2009 at Wembley Stadium, Oasis suffered yet another sound problem whilst playing their hit song "Wonderwall" towards the end, but fans at the show were able to sing a long and help the band finish of the song in one piece.
On 11 July 2009 with the rain pouring at Wembley Noel played the guitar to Don't Look Back in Anger and didn't sing a word and the whole crowd sang it back to him, he gave the crowd a round of applause at the end of the song.
On 20 August, at 'The Spa', Bridlington. Yorkshire, Oasis played what seemed to be their last ever gig. The show was watched by under 3000 people, having been hosted in such a small venue. The gig was described as "colossal" and "Very Intimate" by a small number of fans, who were greeted by members of the band, Liam Gallagher, Gem Archer, Andy Bell, Chris Sharrock and Jay Darlington, who were signing autographs and allowing pictures to be taken with their fans, outside the venue bar shortly after the gig. Fans were allowed to look inside the Oasis tour bus briefly, moments after Liam Gallagher offered a fan his half drunk beer. Noel Gallagher, however, had disappeared moments after the end of the gig, due to the increasing sibling fall-outs of which the Gallagher's were experiencing.
On 23 August 2009, The band pulled out of their headlining slot at V Festival in Chelmsford. The official reason given was that Liam was suffering with Laryngitis, but rumours started speculating that a split was imminent. This makes the V Festival slot at Weston Park, Stafford on 22 August 9 as the last Oasis gig.
This marked the end of Oasis. On 28 August 2009, Noel admitted he could no longer work with Liam, and that the tour was now finished.
Set list.
Other songs performed:
Songs that were played during soundchecks but not included in any of the concert set lists during the course of the whole tour:
Credits:
It is the longest and most diverse setlist since the "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants" era
Alternative set lists

</doc>
<doc id="19101011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101011" title="Greg Urwin">
Greg Urwin

Gregory Lawrence Urwin PSM CSI (21 August 1946 – 9 August 2008) was an Australian career diplomat and top Pacific specialist. Urwin held the post of Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum, an important inter-governmental regional organisation from 2004 until 2 May 2008. Urwin had been the longest serving Australian diplomat in the Pacific at the time of his death in 2008. Urwin was also the first non-Pacific Islander to become Secretary General of the Pacific Island Forum.
During his tenure as a diplomat and Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum, Urwin was considered to be instrumental in the rebuilding of failed states and promotion of political stability in the region - especially with the RAMSI mission in the Solomon Islands.
Biography.
Early life.
Greg Urwin was born on 21 August 1946, in Lithgow, New South Wales, Australia, to parents Frank and Verna Urwin. The family relocated to the Wollongong area and then to Oak Flats when Urwin was ten years old. Urwin initially attended elementary school at Fairy Meadow Public School. Urwin then attended Wollongong High School where he became school captain.
Urwin completed undergraduate studies in history with honours at the University of Sydney where he was also senior student at Wesley College.
Diplomat.
Urwin entered the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, or DFAT, in 1971 following his graduation from the University of Sydney. His first diplomatic posting for DFAT was 1971–1974 to the Australian embassy in Ottawa, the capital of Canada.
Urwin's work as a Pacific region specialist began in 1977 when he was posted to Apia, Samoa from Canberra, to open Australia's first diplomatic mission in the Polynesian nation. Urwin was seconded to Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Samoa in 1979. In this capacity, Urwin assisted Samoa in developing its international foreign policy.
Urwin's later Pacific diplomatic assignments included serving as Australian High Commissioner in Fiji and Vanuatu and the deputy head of the Australian mission in New Zealand. Through his diplomatic postings in large nations, Urwin was often accredited to smaller Pacific island states as well.
Urwin's first marriage to Louise Dauth ended while he was Apia. He married his second wife, Penny Clark, a Samoan widow with three sons.
Urwin often returned to Canberra, Australia, between diplomatic postings, where he often served as a special envoy for the government or as an international election observer. Despite his overseas positions, Urwin remained active and in tune to Australian domestic politics.
Urwin was part of the Australian delegation to the 2000 Pacific Islands Forum summit in Kiribati. Urwin was considered to be a very important drafter of the Biketawa Declaration, which was signed at the Kiribati summit. The Biketawa Declaration, named after the island of Biketawa where negotiations took place, provided a firm political framework for regional cooperation on Pacific island security for the first time. The Declaration established a mechanism by which Forum countries could come to the assistance of its members. The Biketawa Declaration came against a backdrop of increased political instability throughout Melanesia at the time. George Speight had recently staged the 2000 Fijian coup d'état during the same year and the Solomon Islands were nearly brought to civil war due to ethnic tensions on the island of Guadalcanal.
Urwin was considered to be an instrumental voice in the application of the Biketawa Declaration to the Solomons Island Crisis. Urwin applied the declaration to the crisis and gathered regional support for the Regional Assistance Mission to Solomon Islands, or RAMSI, which was sent to the Solomon Islands in 2003 to help quell the ethnic violence and remains to this day. RAMSI stabilised the nation and allowed the government of the Solomon Islands to rebuild its administration and the economy.
Pacific Islands Forum.
Urwin's skill as a diplomat and his handling of the Solomon Islands tension earned him a reputation of having an awareness of the sensibilities of Pacific Island leaders and local culture.
In 2004, Australian Prime Minister John Howard backed Urwin as a candidate for Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum. Leaders of some neighbouring island states, notably Papua New Guinea, opposed Urwin's nomination, not because they disliked Urwin, but because they feared perceived Australian political domination of the Forum and the region at large, especially by Howard, whom they viewed as heavy-handed. Some Pacific Island nations said that they would prefer someone of Pacific Islander descent. Ultimately though Urwin won the nomination.
Urwin competed against three other candidates, all Pacific Islanders, whose nominations were also put forth for Secretary General – lawyer Tuala Donald Kerslake of Samoa; Vinci Clodumar of Nauru, the country's permanent representative to the United Nations; and Langi Kavaliku a doctor from Tonga. Ultimately, despite some opposition, Urwin prevailed and became the first Australian Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum in 2004.
As Secretary General, Urwin played a central role in the adoption of the Pacific Plan at the Pacific Islands Forum summit in Port Moresby in October 2005. The Pacific Plan is a "co-operation scheme" which is based on four "pillars" to promote regional cooperation and integration in Pacific Island nations: economic growth, sustainable development, good governance and security. Urwin also worked to promote dialogue between the Pacific Islands Forum and other regional activists and organisations. In 2007, the leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum voted to give non-governmental organisations, or NGOs, a "consultative relationship" with their annual summits and the Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat.
Urwin was unanamously reappointed to a second three year term as Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum in October 2006. Unlike his first nomination, Urwin ran unopposed.
Greg Urwin resigned as Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum in 2008 due to cancer. Tongan Prime Minister Feleti Sevele, who was serving as Chairman of the Pacific Islands Forum at the time, announced that he received Urwin's letter of resignation on 2 May 2008 saying, "We all wish him well and a speedy recovery." Deputy Secretary General Feleti Teo of Tuvalu became acting Secretary General following Urwin's resignation.
Ultimately, Tuiloma Neroni Slade of Samoa, a former justice at the International Criminal Court, was chosen to permanently succeed Urwin at the 39th Pacific Islands Forum Leaders conference in Alofi, Niue, in August 2008.
Awards.
In 2001, Urwin was awarded the Australian Public Service Medal for "Outstanding Contribution to the Development of Australia's Relationship with the Pacific." He was awarded the Centenary Medal for "outstanding public service" in advancing Australia's position in the Pacific.
Solomon Islands Prime Minister Derek Sikua posthumously awarded Urwin the Cross of Solomon Islands "in recognition of his outstanding contribution to RAMSI." The Cross of Solomon Islands is the highest civilian award given in the Solomon Islands and the country's second highest award overall. Sikua will present the award to Urwin's widow in a future ceremony.
Death.
Urwin returned from Suva, Fiji, to his home in Apia just two weeks before his death. He died of cancer in Apia, Samoa, on 9 August 2008, at the age of 61. He had been suffering from cancer and heart problems for the previous eight months. Urwin is survived by his second wife, Penny and their three sons, Wylie, Geoff and Daryl; his parents, Frank and Verna, of Queanbeyan, Australia; and his brother, Neil, of Murrumbateman.
Urwin was buried at the Keil Family grounds in Lotopa, Samoa, on 14 August 2008.
Memorial services were held in Apia, Samoa; Suva, Fiji and Canberra, Australia at which many leaders from the region were in attendance.
Tuiloma Neroni Slade, who ascended to Secretary General of the Pacific Islands Forum in August 2008, promised to continue the work of Urwin following his death.
Reactions.
Reactions to Urwin's death poured in from across the Pacific region where he had worked as a diplomat for more than 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19101022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101022" title="1965 Chatham Cup">
1965 Chatham Cup

The 1965 Chatham Cup was the 38th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with 18 regional associations holding separate qualification rounds. The winners of each of these qualification tournaments, along with the second-placed team from Auckland, qualified for the competition proper. In all, 104 teams took part in the competition, 33 from the South Island and 71 from the North Island. Note: Different sources record different numbers for the rounds of this competition, with some confusion caused by differing numbers of rounds in regional qualification.
Christchurch City's 19–1 Fifth Round demolition of Timaru's Northern Hearts was the largest known victory in any Chatham Cup match until Metro's 21–0 demolition of Norwest in 1998.
The 1965 Final.
The final was played in a stiff Wellington southerly, which St. Kilda captain Alex Caldwell opted to use in the first half. Despite this advantage, the Otago side found themselves on the back foot against a far stronger Auckland team. Suburbs rebuffed St. Kilda's attacks in the first twenty minutes before moving the ball forward themselves. Centre-forward Trefor Pugh scored first for the Auckland side, though Brian Slinn levelled the scores before the break. In the second half, playing with the aid of the wind, Suburbs' class proved too much for the southerners. John Legg added a second for Suburbs 12 minutes into the second spell, and a mistimed clearance from St. Kilda keeper Malcolm Barnes found Pugh, who hit a volley into the St. Kilda goal. The fourth Eastern Suburbs goal came when a shot by John Wrathall was parried straight into the path of Legg, who hit the ball past the keeper into the net.
Results.
Fourth round.
Oamaru had a bye to the last 16

</doc>
<doc id="19101037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101037" title="1975 South American Open (tennis)">
1975 South American Open (tennis)

The 1975 ATP Buenos Aires was an Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on November 10, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19101043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101043" title="Anglo-Jewish Association">
Anglo-Jewish Association

The Anglo-Jewish Association is a British organisation. It was formed in 1871 for the 'promotion of social, moral, and intellectual progress among the Jews; and the obtaining of protection for those who may suffer in consequence of being Jews'. Many Anglo-Jewish businessmen, such as Jacob Behrens, were members.

</doc>
<doc id="19101051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101051" title="Midlands 4 East (North)">
Midlands 4 East (North)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 4 East (North) is an English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 4 East (North) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. As with many low level they are often subject to re-structure
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 3 East (North). 

</doc>
<doc id="19101053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101053" title="Patrick Browne (disambiguation)">
Patrick Browne (disambiguation)

Patrick Browne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101056" title="Khmer Loves Khmer Party">
Khmer Loves Khmer Party

Khmer Loves Khmer is a Cambodian Political Party founded in 2008. It believes in democracy and ideas like in its slogan "Unity, Liberty and Justice". Therefore its political position has broadened and represents many ideologies like some of the liberal oriented ideology since it believes in not big but smaller government can create “Significant changes and results can be obtained through smaller government”, helping to create changes and results from all the individuals that make up Cambodian society. The idea of people also having the "freedom of choice" in their lives means they can choose anything like food, healthcare, politics etc. which is a value of the KLKP's liberal ideology.
Ideology.
The party seems also to combine the ideologies of socialism and nationalism since KLKP says in its vision for all Cambodians in the country and overseas and to unite and help develop Cambodia so it can be a country that has “social equality” and a “higher living standard”.
One example of promoting an idea on the right of the political spectrum is where the KLKP chooses to respect the “Constitution of Cambodia”. The KLKP also will protect it from “being violated by any individual” which seems to be a position that seems to be part of the nationalist ideology of the KLKP.
The other part of the KLKP's ideological position that’s socialist is one that chooses to bring “new modern medical equipment and supplies” to keep “up-to-date equipment and supplies for modern medicines” to the hospitals. Apart from that any “supplies that are out of date or expired” must be suitably disposed.
The "Rights for Foreign Cambodians" are those Cambodians living outside Cambodia that have the “rights to vote” in their “Cambodian embassy or Cambodian councils”. Finally its external policy will be one of working with the “international community” for a safely stable Cambodia and “world peace” as well as opposing dictators “abusing human rights”.
Activities.
On the 3–2 May 2008 a cyclone hit Burma and the southern part of it called the Irrawady delta that according to the United Nation's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has left "77,738" people dead and "55,917" other people missing.The Khmer Loves Khmer Party and its leader Hienh John Theo responded to that disaster in Burma by sending a message to the Burmese ambassador that the KLKP will donate $100 to the Red Cross Myanmar Relief and Development.
Khmer Loves Khmer Party is actively working to promote its "Cover-Up" campaign where it asks people to contact them through the inernet with their e-mail address and phone number to give any spare clothes to the KLKP so it can "redistribute to children and those who need them in Cambodia".

</doc>
<doc id="19101059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101059" title="Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 3 metre springboard">
Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 3 metre springboard

The Women's 3m Springboard event was contested for the sixth time at the World Aquatics Championships during the 1991 edition, held in Perth, Western Australia.
The competition was split into two phases: with a preliminary round, where the twelve divers with the highest scores advanced to the final. In the last round the remaining divers perform a set of dives to determine the final ranking. There were a total number of 21 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19101067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101067" title="China Academy of Engineering Physics">
China Academy of Engineering Physics

China Academy of Engineering Physics (CAEP) (Chinese: 中国工程物理研究院, nicknamed 九院) is founded in October, 1958. It is the research and manufacturing center of Chinese nuclear weapons. 
CAEP was initially located in Beijing. Its major departments were later relocated to Qinghai Province. In 1970, the major components moved to Sichuan Province. The Academy was formerly named Ninth Institute of Second Ministry of Mechanical Industry, and Ninth Institute of Ministry of Nuclear Industry. It was later renamed CAEP. In China, the Ninth Institute is still well recognized. 
Its headquarter is located in the 839 area of Mianyang, which covers a land area of 5 km2. It's nicknamed Scientific Town. It has multiple branches in Beijing, Jiangyou, Chengdu and Shanghai. 
The Academy currently has 12 research institutes and 15 national key laboratories. Its research areas include shock wave and explosive physics, nuclear and plasma physics, engineering and material sciences, electronics and photo-electronics, radioactive chemistry and chemical engineering, computer science and computational mathematics, etc. 
CAEP has over 8,000 researchers and technicians. Some prominent Chinese scientists used to be leaders of the academy, including Yu Min, Wang Ganchang, Deng Jiaxian, Zhu Guangya, Chen Nengkuan, Zhou Guangzhao, Guo Yonghuai, Cheng Kaijia, and Peng Huanwu. It currently has 9 academicians of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), and 7 academicians of Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE), and a number of outstanding scientists. 
Official website.
http://www.caep.ac.cn/

</doc>
<doc id="19101072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101072" title="Double Trouble (Australian TV series)">
Double Trouble (Australian TV series)

Double Trouble is an Australian children's television series on the Nine Network. It was produced by the Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association. Double Trouble was the remake of the 1984 American series starring former twin actresses Jean and Liz Sagal
Premise.
A set of identical twin Aboriginal girls separated at birth, accidentally meet up 15 years later in Alice Springs. Yuma has been brought up in the bright lights of Sydney with her European-Australian father and Kyanna grew up in a remote traditional Aboriginal community in Central Australia with her mother. They concoct a scheme to switch places in order to meet their other family and later on because Yuma lied about having nothing important on at school the girls Dad (still not knowing about the switch) decides as punishment to send "Yuma" back to Sydney. As Yuma's father decides to leave early and one of the twins' phones was switched off, Kyanna gets taken back to Sydney as Yuma, and Yuma stays in Alice Springs as Kyanna. Due to their belief in the existence of a negative tribal belief regarding women who give birth to twins and therefore wanting to protect their mother from possible expulsion from the community, the girls decide not to reveal to their respective families and communities who they really are, and after contacting each other they try to devise a way to swap back to their original families.

</doc>
<doc id="19101082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101082" title="1976 South American Championships (tennis)">
1976 South American Championships (tennis)

The 1976 South American Championships was a tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that was part of the 1976 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix and started on November 22, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19101094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101094" title="Richard Speight">
Richard Speight

Richard Speight (2 December 1838 — 19 September 1901) was an English-born commissioner of railways in the Australian state of Victoria, serving between 1883 and 1892. In his latter years, Speight was briefly a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.
Biography.
Speight was born in Selby, Yorkshire, England. He was brought up from boyhood in the service of the Midland Railway Company until he attained a responsible position on the management. Speight accepted the new post of railway commissioner of the Railways Department of Victoria, in 1883. He was tasked with implementing the "Railway Construction Act 1884", along with fellow commissioners A. J. Agg and R. Ford. The Act called for the construction of fifty-nine new lines and additional works. Conservative by nature, Speight preferred to invest in quality infrastructure in order to reduce operational and maintenance costs. However, this policy was in opposition to political leaders including Thomas Bent and John Woods; and it was considered that Speight had over–extended the State.
Amidst allegations of corruption and mismanagement and within the setting depressed economic conditions, Speight and the other commissioners eventually resigned in 1892 following the enactment of the Railways Act, 1892 that relieved the commissioners of railway construction and reduced much of their power. Almost immediately, he sued David Syme, then the editor of "The Age", for £25,000, alleging libel. Speight lost nine of the ten cases, and was awarded one farthing in damages for the case won.
He relocated to Western Australia, gradually moving to the private sector as director of Jarrahdale Jarrah Forests and Railways. At the 1901 state election, Speight won the seat of North Perth as an independent candidate.
He died on 19 September 1901, survived by eight children.

</doc>
<doc id="19101095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101095" title="Thulasiapattinam">
Thulasiapattinam

Thulasiyapattinam is a village in Nagapattinam District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. More than 250 families live in this village.
Nearest Cities.
Thiruthuraipoondi: It is 20 km form Thulasiyapattinam. The city has many shops for wholesale, 4 theatres, and single sex schools.
Vedaranyam: Thulasiyapattinam is under taluk in Vedaranyam. It is 23 km from Thulasiyapattinam. It's a Seashore area.
Muthupet: Its largest area. It has a beautiful lagoon of interest to tourists. It is 18 km from Thulasiyapattinam.

</doc>
<doc id="19101106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101106" title="Mense Maio">
Mense Maio

Mense Maio is an encyclical of Pope Paul VI from April 29, 1965), which focused on the Virgin Mary, to whom traditionally the month of May is dedicated as the Mother of God. Paul VI writes that Mary is rightly to be regarded as the way by which people are led to Christ. Therefore, the person who encounters Mary cannot help but encounter Christ.
References.
"The Encyclical Mense Maio of Pope Paul VI

</doc>
<doc id="19101110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101110" title="Wendy Lucero">
Wendy Lucero

Wendy Lynn Lucero (born June 26, 1963 in Denver, Colorado) is a retired female diver from the United States, who competed for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Lucero claimed the silver medal at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships in the inaugural 1m Springboard event. After her marriage to NBA basketball player Danny Schayes she was known as Wendy Schayes. She is the daughter-in-law of Dolph Schayes, a NBA player and a member of Basketball Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19101114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101114" title="Shirakibaru Station">
Shirakibaru Station


</doc>
<doc id="19101123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101123" title="Yu Min (physicist)">
Yu Min (physicist)

Yu Min (Chinese: 于敏; 1926 -) is a prominent Chinese nuclear physicist, an academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), and a recipient of "Two Bombs, One Satellite" Achievement Medal. 
From 1949, Yu started his postgraduate research in the Department of Physics of Peking University, and also served as a teaching assistant. In 1951, he became an assistant researcher and associate researcher at Modern Physics Institute of CAS, and began to study nuclear physics theory under the supervision of Peng Huanwu. From the end of 1960, Yu was involved in the theoretical research of nuclear weapons. His major contributions included the solutions to a series of fundamental and critical theoretical problems of nuclear weapons, which led to breakthrough of hydrogen bomb.

</doc>
<doc id="19101125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101125" title="List of Alsace-Lorraine locomotives">
List of Alsace-Lorraine locomotives

This list covers the locomotives of the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine ("Reich railways in Alsace-Lorraine") (EL) and those of the Chemins de fer d'Alsace et de Lorraine (AL). Alsace-Lorraine is a region in northeastern France that was under the control of the German Empire between 1871 and 1920, during which time its railway network was expanded and operated by the EL.
Locomotive Classification and Numbering.
The Reich railways in Alsace-Lorraine numbered their locomotives sequentially and gave them names as well. The names depended on the type of locomotive.
In addition the locomotive fleet was organised into classes from the outset. The system was based on the Bavarian state railways with capital letters followed by Arabic numerals.
A class number was issued to each delivery batch. 
In 1906 all the vehicles were renumbered and a new classification system was introduced, this time based on the Prussian system. The different types of locomotive were given a specific range of numbers. 
In 1912 the locomotives were again given new numbers and in some cases were reclassified. In addition, locomotive names were done away with.
Narrow gauge locomotives were given the class letter ‘’’T’’’ and number range 3001–3042. This meant that two engines could have the same number. Older locomotives were no longer renumbered and retained their number until retirement.
In 1919 the French regional railway, “Chemins de fer d' Alsace et de Lorraine“ (AL) took over the system and continued with it until 1938, when the company went into the French national railways, the SNCF.
Steam locomotives.
Narrow gauge locomotives.
The narrow gauge locomotives of the Reich railways were built for the metre gauge lines of Lützelburg–Drulingen/Pfalzburg, Colmar–Ensisheim and Colmar–Markolsheim.

</doc>
<doc id="19101127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101127" title="Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic (1918–19)">
Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic (1918–19)

The Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic (LSSR) was a short-lived Soviet republic declared on December 16, 1918 by a provisional revolutionary government led by Vincas Mickevičius-Kapsukas. It ceased to exist on February 27, 1919 when it was merged with the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia to form the Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ("Litbel"). While efforts were made to represent the LSSR as a product of a socialist revolution supported by local residents, it was largely a Moscow-orchestrated entity created to justify the Lithuanian–Soviet War. As a Soviet historian, adhering to official propaganda, put it: "The fact that the Government of Soviet Russia recognized a young Soviet Lithuanian Republic unmasked the lie of the USA and British imperialists that Soviet Russia allegedly sought rapacious aims with regard to the Baltic countries." Lithuanians generally did not support Soviet causes and rallied for their own national state, declared independent on February 16, 1918, by the Council of Lithuania.
Background.
Germany had lost World War I and signed the Compiègne Armistice on November 11, 1918. Its military forces then started retreating from the former Ober Ost territories. Two days later, the government of the Soviet Russia renounced the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, which had assured Lithuania's independence. Soviet forces then launched a westward offensive against Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine in an effort to spread the global proletarian revolution and replace national independence movements with Soviet republics. Their forces followed retreating German troops and reached Lithuania by the end of December 1918.
Formation.
In Lithuania, the communists were not active until late summer 1918. The Communist Party of Lithuania (CPL) was organized by the 34 delegates at its first Congress, held in Vilnius between October 1 and 3, 1918. Pranas Eidukevičius was elected as the first chairman. The party decided to follow examples set by the Russian Communist Party (Bolshevik) and organize a socialist revolution in Lithuania. The plans were instigated and financed by Moscow and supervised by Adolph Joffe and Dmitry Manuilsky. On December 2, Vincas Mickevičius-Kapsukas sent a reliable person to bring 15 million rubles to finance the "revolution". On December 8, the CPL formed the eight-member provisional revolutionary government led by Mickevičius-Kapsukas. Its other members were Zigmas Aleksa-Angarietis, Pranas Svotelis-Proletaras, Semyon Dimanstein, Kazimierz Cichowski, Aleksandras Jakševičius, Konstantinas Kernovičius and Yitzhak Weinstein (Aizikas Vainšteinas). Modern historians doubt if the provisional government really met in Vilnius as claimed by the Soviet sources; it is more likely that the government followed the advancing Red Army. Between December 16, 1918 and January 7, 1920, the government resided in Daugavpils.
The government issued a manifesto, printed with a December 16 date, declaring the establishment of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic. The manifesto was first published in the Russian newspaper "Izvestia" on December 19 and then announced on radio. It was then published in Vilnius five days later. A draft of the manifesto, prepared by Kapsukas, stressed the need of close ties with communist Russia and ended with the slogan "Long live the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic [?which incorporates] Soviet Lithuania!" The final version, edited by Stalin and the Russian Communist Party, eliminated references to the union with Russia and replaced the slogan with "Long live freed Soviet Lithuanian Republic!" Kapsukas did not want to establish an independent Soviet republic as he had campaigned for many years against social patriotism, separatism and Lithuanian independence. Influenced by Rosa Luxemburg, he had rejected the idea of self-determination.
The newly formed LSSR asked for assistance from the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) and it duly recognized the LSSR as an independent state on December 22. The same day, the Red Army took over Zarasai and Švenčionys on the Lithuanian–Soviet border. The provisional government then seemed to dissolve and did not attempt to gain wider recognition. The Lithuanian Army, in its infancy, was unable to offer resistance to the Soviet advance. On January 5, 1919, the Red Army captured Vilnius and, by the end of January 1919, the Soviets controlled about two-thirds of Lithuania's territory.
Similar republics were established in Latvia (the Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic) and Estonia (the Commune of the Working People of Estonia).
Government.
LSSR was new, weak and had to rely on Russian assistance. In Russia, the Soviets were generally supported by the industrial working class, but this was too small in Lithuania. On January 21, the RSFSR granted a loan of 100 million rubles to the provisional government. The LSSR did not form its own army. In February 1919, Kapsukas sent a telegram to Moscow arguing that conscription of local Lithuanians to the Red Army would only encourage Lithuanians to volunteer for the Lithuanian Army. Meanwhile, in the territory it had occupied, the Soviets created revolutionary committees and councils based on Russian models.
The Soviets demanded large war contributions from captured cities and villages. For example, Panevėžys was required to pay 1 million and Utena 200,000 rubles, [while 10 rubles were demanded from each individual in villages?. They nationalized commercial institutions and large estates, assigning land for use in collective farming rather than redistribution to smaller farms. Economic difficulties and cash shortage was illustrated by a decree published in January 1919 prohibiting financial institutions to pay more than 250 rubles per week to any resident. In a country of staunch Catholics and determined nationalists, the Soviet promotion of internationalism and atheism alienated the local population and contributed, ultimately, to the Soviets' eventual withdrawal.
Dissolution and aftermath.
Between February 8 and 15, 1919, Lithuanian and German volunteers stopped Soviet advance and prevented them from taking Kaunas, the temporary capital of Lithuania. At the end of February, the Germans started an offensive in Latvia and northern Lithuania. Faced with military difficulties and unreceptive locals, the Soviets decided to combine the weak Lithuanian and Byelorussian SSRs into the Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ("Litbel"), led by Kapsukas. The communist parties were also merged into the Communist Party (Bolsheviks) of Lithuania and Belorussia. However, that had little effect and Polish forces took Vilnius in April and Minsk in August 1919 during the Polish–Soviet War. Litbel was also dissolved.
When the tide turned in the Polish–Soviet War, the Soviets captured Vilnius on July 14, 1920. They did not transfer the city to the Lithuanian administration, as agreed in the Soviet–Lithuanian Peace Treaty, signed just two days before. Instead, the Soviets planned a coup to overthrow the Lithuanian government and re-establish a Soviet republic as they did with the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. However, they lost the Battle of Warsaw and were pushed back by the Poles. Some historians credit this victory for saving Lithuania's independence from the Soviet coup. During the interwar years, Lithuanian–Soviet relations were generally friendly, but, a few months after the outbreak of World War II, the Soviet Union decided to occupy the Baltic states, including Lithuania, in July 1940. Official Soviet propaganda described the occupation as the "restoration of Soviet power by revolutionary masses."

</doc>
<doc id="19101131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101131" title="Lac du Brévent">
Lac du Brévent

Lac du Brévent is a lake in the municipality of Chamonix, Haute-Savoie, France. It is located below the Le Brévent peak, at an elevation of approx. 2125 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19101138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101138" title="Clutha">
Clutha

Clutha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101143" title="Medal of the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute">
Medal of the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute

The Medal of the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute, or shortly KNMI Medal, is a royal decoration awarded by the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI) to those officers or captains of the Dutch merchant navy who exceptionally supported the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute by collecting and distributing observations about the weather at sea.
The medal is awarded in gold and silver.

</doc>
<doc id="19101146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101146" title="1977 ATP Buenos Aires">
1977 ATP Buenos Aires

1977 ATP Buenos Aires may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101165" title="Mortification in Roman Catholic teaching">
Mortification in Roman Catholic teaching

The Roman Catholic Church has often held mortification of the flesh (literally, "putting the flesh to death"), as a worthy spiritual discipline.
Mortification in Catholic history.
St. Dominic Loricatus (995–1060) is said to have performed 'One Hundred Years Penance' by chanting 20 psalters accompanied by 300,000 lashes over six days.
Later, Saint Francis of Assisi, who is said to have received the "stigmata", painful wounds like those of Jesus Christ, is said to have asked pardon to his body, whom he called Brother Ass, for the severe self-afflicted penances he has done: vigils, fasts, frequent flagellations and the use of a hairshirt.
Doctor of the Church, St. Catherine of Siena (died 1380), was a tertiary Dominican who lived at home rather than in a convent, and who practiced austerities which a prioress would probably not have permitted. She is notable for fasting and subsisting for long periods of time on nothing but the Blessed Sacrament. St. Catherine of Siena wore sackcloth and scourged herself three times daily in imitation of St. Dominic.
In the sixteenth century, Saint Thomas More, the Lord Chancellor of England, wore a hairshirt, deliberately mortifying his body. He also used the 'discipline.'
Saint Ignatius of Loyola while in Manresa in 1522 is known to have practiced severe mortifications. In the Litany prayers to Saint Ignatius he is praised as being “constant in the practice of corporal penance.” He wore a hair shirt and heavy iron chain, and was in the habit of wearing a cord tied below the knee.
St. Teresa of Ávila, a Doctor of the Church, undertook severe mortification once it was suggested by friends that her supernatural ecstasies were of diabolical origin. She continued until Francis Borgia reassured her. She believed she was goaded by angels and had a passion to conform her life to the sufferings of Jesus, with a motto associated with her: "Lord, either let me suffer or let me die."
St. Marguerite Marie Alacoque (22 July 1647 October-17 October 1690), the promoter of the devotion to the Sacred Heart, practised in secret severe corporal mortification after her First Communion at the age of nine, until becoming paralyzed, which confined her to bed for four years. Having been cured of her paralysis by the intercession of the Virgin Mary, she changed her name to Marie (French: Mary) and vowed to devote her life to the service of Mary.
Blessed Junípero Serra (November 24, 1713 – August 28, 1784) was a Franciscan friar who founded the mission chain in Alta California. A statue of Fr. Junipero Serra rests in Statuary Hall in the U.S. Capitol Building, representing the state of California. He was known for his love for mortification, self-denial and absolute trust in God.
An outstanding saint in the nineteenth century is St. Jean Vianney who converted hundreds of people in laicist France. Pope John XXIII said of him: "You cannot begin to speak of St. John Mary Vianney without automatically calling to mind the picture of a priest who was outstanding in a unique way in voluntary affliction of his body; his only motives were the love of God and the desire for the salvation of the souls of his neighbors, and this led him to abstain almost completely from food and from sleep, to carry out the harshest kinds of penances, and to deny himself with great strength of soul...his way of life is particularly successful in bringing many men who have been drawn away by the allurement of error and vice back to the path of good living."
During the later part of the nineteenth century, Saint Thérèse of the Child Jesus, another Doctor of the Church, at three years of age was described by her mother: "Even Thérèse is anxious to practice mortification.” And Thérèse later wrote: "My God, I will not be a saint by halves. I am not afraid of suffering for Thee.” The "Little Flower", famous for her "little way" and love of God—fasted and used the 'discipline' vigorously, "scourging herself with all the strength and speed of which she was capable, smiling at the crucifix through the tears which bedewed her eyelashes," according to one of her biographers.
In the early twentieth century, the child seers of Fatima said they had initially seen an angel, who said: "In every way you can offer sacrifice to God in reparation for the sins by which He is offended, and in supplication for sinners. In this way you will bring peace to our country, for I am its guardian angel, the Angel of Portugal. Above all, "bear and accept with patience the sufferings God will send you"." Lucia Santos later reported that the idea of making sacrifices was repeated several times by the Virgin Mary and that she had shown them a vision of hell which prompted them to ever more stringent self-mortifications to save souls. Among many other practices, Lucia wrote that she and her cousins wore tight cords around their waists, flogged themselves with stinging nettles, gave their lunches to beggars and abstained from drinking water on hot days.
At the latter half of the twentieth century, Saint Josemaría Escrivá practiced self-flagellation and used the cilice, a modern-day version of the hairshirt. Saint Pio of Pietrelcina, a saint who received the "stigmata" wrote in one of his letters: "Let us now consider what we must do to ensure that the Holy Spirit may dwell in our souls. It can all be summed up in mortification of the flesh with its vices and concupiscences, and in guarding against a selfish spirit... The mortification must be constant and steady, not intermittent, and it must last for one's whole life. Moreover, the perfect Christian must not be satisfied with a kind of mortification which merely appears to be severe. He must make sure that it hurts." Like St. Josemaria, Padre Pio and Mother Teresa of Calcutta used the cilice and discipline regularly as means of doing penance.
Some branches of Christianity have also institutionalized the practice of self-inflicted penance and corporal mortification through their mandate on fasting and abstinence for specific days of the year. Christian communities in some parts of the world still practice processions of public flagellation during Lent and Holy Week.
20th-century Catholic documents.
Recent theology affirms the practice of mortification. The catechism of the Catholic Church states: “The way of perfection passes by way of the Cross. There is no holiness without renunciation and spiritual battle. Spiritual progress entails the ascesis and mortification that gradually lead to living in the peace and joy of the Beatitudes” (n. 2015).
"Jesus' call to conversion and penance, like that of the prophets before him, does not aim first at outward works, "sackcloth and ashes," fasting and mortification, but at the conversion of the heart, interior conversion. Without this, such penances remain sterile and false; however, "interior conversion urges expression in visible signs, gestures and works of penance."" ("CCC" 1430) [http://www.scborromeo.org/ccc/para/1430.htm]
Pope John XXIII, who convened the Second Vatican Council, taught in "Paenitentiam Agere,"
an encyclical he wrote on July 1, 1962:
Pope Paul VI also stated:
Pain, human nature, and Christ.
Theologians also state that the Son, the second person of the Trinity, united himself, as a person (through the hypostatic union), to everything human (except sin), including pain.
Catholics believe that God, who in their view by his divine nature cannot change, has united with changing human nature, and therefore with human pain. The "I" of the Second Person suffers and feels pain. He is one with pain through Jesus Christ. Thus Christ's experience of pain (like all the human acts of Christ like sleeping, crying, speaking) whose subject is the divine Person is an "infinite act". This is based on the classic dictum that the acts belong to the Person ("actiones sunt suppositorum"). It is the Person who acts: It is God who walks, God who talks, God who is killed, and God who is in pain. Thus a Christian who is united to Jesus Christ through pain is one with his infinite act of saving the world.
This also goes together with another dictum in theology: whatever is not united (to the Divine Person) is not saved. Thus, his intellect, his will, his feelings, are all united with the Person, and are all sanctified and redeemed, including pain. Pain is therefore a sanctified and redeeming human experience.
The salvific meaning of suffering.
John Paul II, who according to a recently released book on his sainthood cause practiced self-flagellation and fasting before important events, wrote an entire apostolic letter on the topic of suffering, specifically the salvific meaning of suffering: "Salvifici Doloris". It is considered a major contribution to the theology of pain and suffering.[http://www.vatican.va/holy_father/john_paul_ii/apost_letters/documents/hf_jp-ii_apl_11021984_salvifici-doloris_en.html]
He wrote this after suffering from a bullet wound due to the assassination attempt of Ali Agca. Six weeks after meeting his attacker, he wrote about suffering in Christianity.
"Christ did not conceal from his listeners the need for suffering. He said very clearly: "If any man would come after me... let him take up his cross daily, and "before his disciples he placed demands of a moral nature that can only be fulfilled on condition that they should "deny themselves"". The way that leads to the Kingdom of heaven is "hard and narrow", and Christ contrasts it to the "wide and easy" way that "leads to destruction."
Christ does not explain in the abstract the reasons for suffering, but he states: "Follow me!". Come! "Take part through your suffering in this work of saving the world, a salvation achieved through my suffering!" Through my Cross.
Gradually, as the individual takes up his cross, spiritually uniting himself to the Cross of Christ, the salvific meaning of suffering is revealed before him. ...It is then that man finds in his suffering interior peace and even spiritual joy."
Joy in suffering.
Saint Paul speaks of joy in suffering in Colossians: "I rejoice in my sufferings for your sake". He had found a source of joy in overcoming the sense of the uselessness of suffering.
Faith in sharing in the suffering of Christ brings with it the interior certainty that the suffering person "completes what is lacking in Christ's afflictions"; the certainty that in the spiritual dimension of the work of Redemption he is serving, like Christ, the salvation of his brothers and sisters. 
He states that it is suffering, more than anything else, which clears the way for the grace which transforms human souls. "Suffering, more than anything else, makes present in the history of humanity the powers of the Redemption".
St. Louis de Montfort's prayer to the Virgin Mary includes, in his request to become more like Mary, the clauses "to suffer joyfully without human consolation; to die continually to myself without respite". Louis de Montfort was a strong advocate of finding joy and holiness in suffering. Those who have completed his 33-day Total Consecration to Jesus to Mary often wear a metal chain around their wrist or ankle. While this is not necessarily mortification, it represents a constant reminder of one's voluntary spiritual enslavement to Jesus through Mary, and the desire to accept suffering as a gift and offer it to God.
The need for prudence.
The Desert Fathers emphasize that mortification is a means, not an end. They generally recommended prudence when practicing mortification, with severe mortifications done only under the guidance of an experienced spiritual director. Consequently, practicing mortification for physical pleasure is seen as a sin. Likewise, mortification for reasons of scrupulosity (which is similar to obsessive-compulsive disorder) is considered very harmful: a contemporary example is fasting due to anorexia nervosa. Catholic moral theologians recommend that the scrupulous not practice mortification, avoid persons and materials of an ascetical nature, and receive frequent spiritual direction and psychological help. 1
Not all forms of self-mortification are approved of by the Catholic Church. Practices such as the nonlethal crucifixions performed on Good Friday in the Philippines are generally frowned upon by Catholic officials. Participants imitate various parts of the Passion of Christ, including his crucifixion. The spectacle draws a large amount of tourism every year.[http://ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=37299]

</doc>
<doc id="19101187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101187" title="German submarine U-1195">
German submarine U-1195

German submarine "U-1195" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine".
Her keel was laid down 6 February 1943, by F. Schichau, of Danzig. She was commissioned 4 November 1943.
Under the command of Ernst Cordes, she sank the on 21 March 1945. Another account shows "James Egan Layne" was sunk by , and instead credits "U-1195" with the destruction of the Liberty Ship "John R. Park".
"U-1195" attacked Convoy VWP 16 in the English Channel, sinking the troop transport on 6 April 1945. She was sunk by one of the convoys escorts, the Royal Navy destroyer , using a Hedgehog antisubmarine mortar on 7 April 1945 to the southeast of the Isle of Wight at (WGS84) in 30 metres (98 feet) of water. Fifty crew members were alive when she sank; however, only 14 survived.

</doc>
<doc id="19101195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101195" title="Canady">
Canady

Canady may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101200" title="Josh Bolton">
Josh Bolton

Josh Bolton (born May 26, 1984 in Penfield, New York) is an American soccer player who last played for Charleston Battery in the USL Second Division.
Career.
Youth.
Bolton grew up in Penfield, New York, and was a childhood fan of the Rochester Rhinos. He graduated in 2002 from Penfield High School. He attended Williams College, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2002 to 2005. He was a 2004 and 2005 1st Team All American. and the 2004 and 2005 New England Small College Athletic Conference Player of the Year.
Professional.
In 2005, Bolton spent the collegiate off season with the Albany Admirals in the Premier Development League. In 2006, he signed with the Rochester Rhinos of the USL First Division going on loan with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division for one game. In April 2007, the Rhinos loaned Bolton to the Harrisburg City Islanders of the USL-2 for two games. On February 13, 2008, Bolton signed with the Atlanta Silverbacks of USL-1.
After spending a year out of professional soccer in 2009, Charleston Battery announced the signing of Bolton to a contract for the 2010 season.
Bolton was not included on the 2011 roster released by Charleston on April 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19101206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101206" title="Entreprise nationale de télévision">
Entreprise nationale de télévision

Programs.
ENTV broadcasts both in Arabic, French, and Berber.
ENTV has produced 2002 Nass Mlah City comedy TV series (English: Good People City) and 2004 and 2005 sequels Nass Mlah City 2 and Nass Mlah City 3.
Canal Algérie.
ENTV was the only television channel until 1994, when French-speaking Canal Algérie was created.
<br>Canal Algérie is available in Europe on Eutelsat satellite service (Hotbird and Astra) and in America on the free to air GlobeCast World TV service. <br>It is also available on French Numericable and Monaco MC Cable cable television services.
Tamazight TV.
On March 17, 2009, ENTV launched a new Berber language channel called TV Tamazight, also referred to as Algérie 4. The channel offers programs in Kabyle, Chaoui, Tumzabt, Chenoui and Tuareg.

</doc>
<doc id="19101209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101209" title="Heidemarie Bártová">
Heidemarie Bártová

Heidemarie Grécká-Bártová (born March 13, 1965 in Ústí nad Labem) is a retired female diver from the Czech Republic, who twice competed for Czechoslovakia at the Summer Olympics: 1980 and 1992. She claimed the bronze medal at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships in the inaugural women's 1 m springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="19101220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101220" title="Hurricane (Cradle to the Grave)">
Hurricane (Cradle to the Grave)

"Hurricane (Cradle to the Grave)" is a song recorded by Grace Jones in 1997.
Background.
The song was a collaboration with trip hop artist Tricky, intended for an album "Force of Nature", planned to be released in 1998. Due to heavy disagreements between Jones and Tricky, the album was never completed, and only a scarce white label 12" single featuring two DJ Emily mixes by of the song was released. The title of the song itself is a subject to speculations; although billed as "The Hurricane Mix" on the aforementioned bootleg releases circulating among clubs, it is mostly called "Cradle to the Grave", and as such appeared on Danny Tenaglia's 2005 remix album "Greatest Remixes Vol Three". Jones later re-recorded the song as the title track of her first studio album release in 19 years, "Hurricane", released October 2008.
"Hurricane" was used at the Issa Spring/Summer 2010 fashion show at London Fashion Week. Naomi Campbell was the opening model to the show who strutted to the line "I'll be a hurricane".

</doc>
<doc id="19101222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101222" title="Easington Gas Terminal">
Easington Gas Terminal

The Easington Gas Terminal is one of three main gas terminals in the UK, and is situated on the North Sea coast at Easington, East Riding of Yorkshire and Dimlington. The other two main gas terminals are at St Fergus, Aberdeenshire and Bacton, Norfolk. The whole site consists of four plants: two run by BP, one by Centrica and one by Gassco. The Easington Gas Terminals are protected by Ministry of Defence armed police officers, and are provided resources by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure.
History.
BP Easington Terminal opened in March 1967. This was the first time that North Sea Gas had been brought ashore in the UK from the West Sole field. In 1980 British Gas purchased the field Rough and in 1983 began conversion to a storage field. BP Dimlington opened in October 1988. BP's Ravenspurn North field was added in 1990 and the Johnston field was added in 1994. The Easington Catchment Area was added in 2000, and the Juno development in 2003.
Discovery of gas in the North Sea.
Britain's first oil rig, the Sea Gem, first discovered gas in the North Sea on 20 August 1965. It was not a large enough field, but at the time it was not even known that there was a large amount of gas under the North Sea. Unfortunately the rig sank in December later that year, when it capsized. The Forties and Brent oilfields were discovered later in 1970 and 1971 respectively.
Langeled pipeline.
Since October 2006, gas has been brought into the UK direct from the Norwegian Sleipner gas field via the Langeled pipeline, the world's longest subsea pipeline owned by Gassco which itself is owned by the Kingdom of Norway.
Operation.
The sites are run by and gas is produced by BP, Gasco and Centrica Storage Ltd. Gas can be transferred to and from the Centrica Storage plant at Easington dependant on grid demand. The control of the BP sites takes place at the Dimlington site, and conditioning of the gas also takes place there. The function that is at the BP Easington site is the connection to the National Transmission System. BP Easington used to compress gas as well, but from 2007–9, the construction of the £125m Onshore Compression and Terminal Integration Project (OCTIP) situated all compression and processing from the gas fields at the Dimlington site. As part of the facility, two RB211-GT61 gas turbines, built by Rolls Royce Energy Systems in Mount Vernon, Ohio, were installed in a £12.7m contract.
Centrica Rough Terminal.
The Rough (facility) is a partially depleted offshore gas field that was converted for storage by British Gas. It is currently operated by Centrica Storage Ltd (a subsidiary of Centrica). The Rough terminal also processes gas for the newly developed York field. The Rough Terminal used to receive gas from the Amethyst gasfield which was until 1988 owned by Britoil but this is now processed by BP. Since 2013 The Rough Terminal has also processed gas from the York field on behalf of Centrica Energy.
Langeled Receiving Facilities.
The Langeled pipeline, which is controlled at the UK end by Gasco (Centrica Storage Ltd before 2011), can transfer up to 2500m cubic feet of gas per day from Nyhamna in Norway.
Perenco Easington.
The gas is collected from the Hyde, Hoton, Newsham and West Sole natural gas fields. It can process up to 300m cubic feet of gas per day. A gas turbine power generator is used to compress the gas.
Perenco Dimlington.
Dimlington is the larger site of the four. The natural gas condensate is transferred to the Dimlington terminal. Dimlington also processes dry gas from the (former) Cleeton, Ravenspurn South, Ravenspurn North, Johnston, the Easington Catchment Area (Neptune and Mercury), and the Juno development (Whittle, Wollaston, Minerva and Apollo) gas fields. The Dimlington site has the control room for all of BP's gas fields that ship gas to the Easington site. Dimlington can handle up to 950m cubic feet of gas per day.
Fire risk.
All four sites are a considerable fire hazard, so both have large water reservoirs for fire fighting containing about one million and three million litres of water each.
Close to the north is the Out Newton wind farm.
Dimlington gas fields.
Cleeton.
Cleeton and Ravenspurn South form part of the "Villages Complex". Both were discovered in 1976. Gas production began in April 1987. Production stopped in 1999. Now used as a hub for the Easington Catchment Area. Named after the scientist, Claud E. Cleeton.
Ravenspurn South.
Discovered in April 1983. 70 km off the East Yorkshire coast. Gas production began in October 1989. Gas via Cleeton to Dimlington. Named after Ravenspurn, the former coastal town. Owned and operated by BP,
Ravenspurn North.
Discovered in October 1984 and developed in April 1988 by Hamilton Brothers. First gas produced in October 1989, and BP took over the operatorship of the field from BHP on 12 January 1998. Gas via Cleeton to Dimlington. Operated by BP and owned mostly by BP, with smaller parts owned by Centrica Resources Ltd and E.ON Ruhrgas UK EU Ltd.
Acquired by Perenco 2012
Johnston.
Operated by E.ON Ruhrgas, and previously to them, Caledonia EU, and also by Consort EU Ltd. Discovered in April 1990. Gas first produced in October 1994. Pipeline to Dimlington via Ravenspurn North and Cleeton. Owned 50% by Dana Petroleum (E&P) Ltd and E.ON Ruhrgas UK EU Ltd.
Babbage.
Discovered in 1989, and first gas is planned for early 2010. Gas will be transported via West Sole to Dimlington. Owned 40% by Dana Petroleum (E&P) Ltd, 47% by E.ON Ruhrgas UK EU Ltd and 13% by Centrica Resources Ltd . Named after the mathematician, Charles Babbage.
Easington Catchment Area.
Consists of Neptune and Mercury fields. Operated by BG Group. Transported to Dimlington via BP's Cleeton.
Mercury discovered in February 1983 and production started in November 1999. Named after the planet Mercury. 73% owned by BG Group.
Neptune discovered in November 1985 and production started in November 1999. named after the planet Neptune. 79% owned by BG Group.
Juno development.
These are the most recent of the Dimlington gas fields. Named after Juno, the Roman goddess.
BG Group operates the Minerva, Apollo and Artemis fields, and owns 65% of these fields. Production started in 2003.
Artemis was discovered in August 1974, and named after Artemis the Greek hunter goddess.
Apollo was discovered in July 1987, named after Apollo the Greek sungod, brother of Artemis.
Minerva was discovered in January 1969, named after the Roman goddess Minerva.
BP operates the Whittle and Wollaston fields. They are 30% owned by BG Group. Production started in 2002.
Wollaston was discovered in April 1989, and named after William Hyde Wollaston, the Norfolk chemist.
Whittle was discovered in July 1990, and named after Frank Whittle.
Easington gas fields.
These fields are around 70 km off the East Yorkshire coast. These fields are connected to the national grid by BP and Rough Terminals.
West Sole.
Discovered in December 1965. Gas first produced in March 1967. Owned and operated by BP until 2012. Acquired by Perenco 2012
Hyde.
Discovered in May 1982. Gas first produced in August 1993. Was owned 55% by BP and 45% by Statoil. BP took control in January 1997, in exchange for its Jupiter gas field.
Newsham.
Discovered in October 1989. Production began March 1996. Enters the West Sole pipeline. Owned and operated by BP.
Hoton.
Discovered in February 1977. Gas first produced in December 2001. Owned and operated by BP. Named after Hoton one of the East Yorkshire lost Villages that fell into the sea due to coastal erosion.
Amethyst East and West.
Amethyst East discovered in October 1972 and Amethyst West in April 1970. Owned 59.5% by BP, 24% by BG Group, 9% by Centrica, and 7.5% by Murphy. Amethyst East began in October 1990 and Amethyst West in July 1992. Control of the platform is entirely from Dimlington and therefore operated by BP. Comprises the Amethyst gasfield.
Acquired by Perenco 2012
Rough.
Discovered in May 1968. Gas production began in 1975, and it was bought by British Gas in 1980. In 1983, they decided to convert it into gas storage. The gas storage started February 1985. As a depleted gas field, it is used as a storage facility, for essentially the whole of the UK, giving four days worth of gas. Originally owned by BG Storage Ltd (BGSL), who were bought by Dynegy Europe Ltd in November 2001 for £421m. BGSL became known as Dynegy Storage Ltd, based in Solihull. This company was bought by Centrica on 14 November 2002 for £304m. Centrica was essentially buying the Easington plant. To operate the field Centrica has to comply with a set of undertakings laid down by DECC and Ofgem due to its unique position in the UK gas market.
York.
Owned and operated by Centrica. Gas back to Centrica Rough Terminal via new pipeline.
Helvellyn.
Discovered in February 1985. Operated by ATP Oil and Gas. Owned 50% by ATP Oil & Gas (UK) Ltd and First Oil Expro Ltd. Gas back to Easington via the Amethyst field. Named after Helvellyn in Cumbria.
Rose.
Discovered in March 1998. Owned and operated by Centrica. Gas back to Easington via the Amethyst field.

</doc>
<doc id="19101227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101227" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1968 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1968 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1968. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1968. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19101238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101238" title="Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine">
Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine

Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine (ASEM) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of aviation / aerospace medicine.
"Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine" was founded as the "Journal of Aviation Medicine" in 1930 by Louis H. Bauer, M.D., and is published monthly by the Aerospace Medical Association, a non-profit organization of physicians, physiologists, psychologists, nurses, engineers, and others working to solve the problems of human existence in threatening environments on or beneath the Earth or the sea, in the air, or in outer space. The peer-reviewed original scientific articles in this journal provide the latest available information on investigations into such areas as changes in ambient pressure, motion sickness, increased or decreased gravitational forces, thermal stresses, vision, fatigue, circadian rhythms, psychological stress, artificial environments, predictors of success, health maintenance, human factors engineering, clinical care, and others. this journal also publishes notes on scientific news and technical items of interest, and provides teaching material and reviews for health care professionals.
"Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine" is the most used and cited journal in its field, and is distributed to more than 80 nations.
The journal was first published, under the title "The Journal of Aviation Medicine" (ISSN: 0095-991X) in 1930. In 1959 the title changed to "Aerospace Medicine" (ISSN: 0001-9402) and in 1975 the current title, "Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine" (ISSN: 0095-6562) commenced publication.
The journal "Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine" is often referred to as "the blue journal" by its subscribers.
Digital content from recent (since 2003) journal issues is available online via IngentaConnect. This content is free-of-charge to AsMA members and available for purchase to non-members. A DVD archive is available for purchase from AsMA. This DVD contains all articles published in "Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine" prior to 2003, including the predecessor titles back to 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19101245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101245" title="Peugeot UO-8">
Peugeot UO-8

The Peugeot UO 8 was a ten-speed bicycle manufactured by Cycles Peugeot during the "bike boom" of the 1970s. It was marketed as a mid-range "racing style" cycle, and was manufactured from sometime in the early 60s until the end of 1980. The model was discontinued for the 1981 model year.
Components.
Though the components changed somewhat throughout the years of production, much remained the same.
Identification.
Unlike Peugeot's higher-end PX-10, the UO 8 carries a gold "Tube Special" sticker. Dating a UO-8 manufactured prior to 1979 via the serial number is unreliable at best, though some theories reference the number of digits in the serial and its first digit as indicating the year of manufacture. For example, the serial number "1234567" has seven digits, and begins with a one. This indicates a 1971 model.

</doc>
<doc id="19101249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101249" title="Australian mining law">
Australian mining law

Australia mining law governs the exploration and extraction of minerals and petroleum in Australia. It differs substantially from the mining laws of other common law countries, the most important differences arising from the policy decision that the Crown should own all minerals.
History of mining law.
The first Australian mining laws were enacted in 1851. Before that, ownership of minerals and petroleum passed to those who were granted title to land by the colonial governors according to common law concepts, except the right to "Royal Mines" (the precious metals of gold and silver) which remained vested in the Crown by virtue of Royal prerogative. From 1855, colonial parliaments legislated for ownership of minerals to be retained by the Crown in future grants of freehold title. Thus, the situation developed where throughout Australia, the Crown in right of the State owns nearly all the minerals.
Legislation.
In relation to minerals situated within state boundaries, first sight, the power to legislate for minerals remains with the states. However, despite the fact that the Constitution of Australia does not list minerals as an area over which the Federal Parliament has jurisdiction, a number of the Commonwealth Parliament’s powers encompass matters relevant to mining operations and any legislation of the Commonwealth based upon these powers will override any inconsistent State legislation. As to Commonwealth jurisdiction over the Territories, the constitutional limitations regarding mining operations conducted within the States have no application in the Northern Territory, or other Australian territories.
Each of the States and Territories has its own legislation regulating the exploration for and production of onshore minerals. The Commonwealth has no onshore mining legislation which is applicable in the States or Territories.
As to offshore minerals, the Commonwealth has sovereignty in respect of the territorial sea, and sovereign rights in respect of both the continental shelf and the exclusive economic zone for the purpose of exploitation of their natural resources. Thus, the sovereignty over minerals of the States and the Northern Territory extends only to the low-water mark and it is the Commonwealth which is entitled under international law to exercise sovereignty over minerals under the territorial sea, within the exclusive economic zone and on the continental shelf. However, following an agreement negotiated between the Commonwealth Government and the States in 1979, the Commonwealth conferred power on the States and the Northern Territory to make laws for matters including mining operations in respect of the coastal waters and granted them proprietary rights to the seabed.
In addition, the Corporations Act 2001 and the Australian Stock Exchange Listing Rules contain special provisions governing the conduct and reporting requirements of mining companies.
Ownership of minerals.
According to the maxim "to whomsoever the soil belongs, he owns also to the sky and to the depths", there is a presumption that a land owner also owns all minerals on or beneath the surface of that land. The presumption is subject to the exception of the Royal metals. As early as the sixteenth century, the common law has held that all gold and silver, whether situated on public or private land, has been owned by the Crown. This Royal prerogative has also been applied in Australia, by both common law and legislation.
However, the principle of the owner of land owning the minerals within it has been virtually abolished by statute in Australia. The general rule is that the Crown (in right of the State) owns all minerals. This has been implemented by statute; initially by enacting that all future grants of land must contain a reservation to the Crown of all minerals. Now, all new grants of freehold titles in Australia have provided that all minerals were reserved to the Crown.
In respect of titles granted prior to the legislation, the owner of the land retained ownership of the minerals (except the Royal metals of gold and silver). That owner may grant a profit à prendre to enter and take minerals.
Crown ownership of minerals has been made universal in Victoria and South Australia by legislative expropriation of all minerals. In Tasmania and New South Wales, this approach of legislative expropriation has been applied on a selective basis (in Tasmania, for gold, silver, oil, hydrogen, helium and atomic substances, and, in New South Wales, for coal). The Crown, pursuant to statute, may grant various leases or licences to enter onto land and take minerals.
State ownership of minerals has had the important result that governments, rather than private landholders, determine the legal regimes governing mineral exploration and production.
Ratified agreements.
Large mining operations are likely to be regulated by a ratified agreement, sometimes also called a "state agreement", an "agreement act", a "franchise agreement", a "government agreement" or a "special agreement act". The basis of such an agreement is that the State contracts with the miner in the form of a written agreement which is ratified by a statute of that State or Territory Parliament. This ratification ensures that the provisions of the negotiated agreement have legislative effect and override any inconsistent provisions under the general mining legislation or any other statutes of that State or Territory. Ratified agreements have been used throughout Australia to establish large, export-oriented mining projects since the 1950s. They have been most extensively used in West Australia, where a high proportion of large mining projects continue to operate under such arrangements.

</doc>
<doc id="19101263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101263" title="Low Spirit">
Low Spirit

Low Spirit Recordings was a German techno record label. 
History.
Founded in 1986 by Maximilian Lenz (Westbam), Fabian Lenz (DJ Dick), William Röttger and Klaus Jankuhn, the first record was Westbam's "17 - This Is Not a Boris Becker Song" which reached #1 in the Berlin dance music hitlist. Low Spirit became acquainted with the Love Parade event from its early years and the theme for its 1999 event, titled "Sonic Empire", has reached the top of the German single charts. The label was later praised for "having made German techno history" by "Raveline" magazine. 
In the 1990s, Low Spirit was also owner of the event "Mayday". The label was shut down and all future distributions by Low Spirit were taken over by Kontor Records in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19101291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101291" title="Pierre Yves Clouin">
Pierre Yves Clouin

Pierre Yves Clouin is a video artist and filmmaker. He was born in Paris, where he lives and works. He studied architecture at the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He has exhibited his paintings and photos in Paris.
His videos have been shown at San Francisco Art Institute, 
BFI and Lux London, 
Pleasure Dome Toronto, 
Saw Galery Ottawa, 
San Francisco Cinematheque, 
Anthology Film Archives (MIX NYC), 
Chicago Filmmakers, 
Dublin Art House, 
Modern Art Oxford, 
Media Art Lab Moscow, 
Paula Cooper Gallery (New Art Program) and Apexart New York City, 
São Paulo Museum of Image and Sound, 
Mexico City's Museo Tamayo Arte Contemporáneo, 
Yerba Buena Center for the Arts San Francisco, 
Guggenheim Bilbao, 
Smart Project Space Amsterdam, 
Bauhaus Dessau Foundation, 
Bonner Kunsteverein (Videonale), 
Hong Kong Space Museum (Microwave International Media Art Festival), 
Art Basel (VIPER International Festival for Film, Video and New Media's),
Museum of Africa Johannesburg, 
Museum of Contemporary Art of Rosario Argentina,
Philadelphia Museum of Art, 
Museum of Modern Art Lille-Metropole, 
Pro Arte Institute St. Petersburg, 
the Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst in Antwerp, 
Centre Pompidou (Rencontres Paris Berlin),
the 2nd Moscow Biennale of Contemporary Art
and screened in festivals worldwide: the International Film Festivals of San Francisco, Chicago, Thessaloniki, Moscow, Los Angeles, the Biennial of Moving Images Geneva, Ars Electronica, Sundance and FID Marseille, among many others.
Awards & distinctions.
2010 
2007 
2002 
2000 
1999 
1998 
1997 
1996 
Distribution.
Tribeca Film Institute Reframe Collection, NYC, New York, USA
Independant Exposure, San Francisco & Houston, USA
Lux Distribution, London, UK
Picture This, Los Angeles, California, USA
Heure exquise!, Mons en Baroeul, France

</doc>
<doc id="19101296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101296" title="Project Iceworm">
Project Iceworm

Project Iceworm was the code name for a top-secret US Army program during the Cold War to build a network of mobile nuclear missile launch sites under the Greenland ice sheet. The ultimate objective of placing medium-range missiles under the ice – close enough to strike targets within the Soviet Union – was kept secret from the Danish government. To study the feasibility of working under the ice, a highly publicized "cover" project, known as Camp Century, was launched in 1960. However, unsteady ice conditions within the ice sheet caused the project to be canceled in 1966.
Political background.
Details of the missile base project were secret for decades, first coming to light in January 1997, when the Danish Foreign Policy Institute (DUPI) was asked by the Danish Parliament to research the history of nuclear weapons in Greenland during the Thulegate scandal.
Description.
To test the feasibility of construction techniques a project site called "Camp Century" was started, located at an elevation of in northwestern Greenland, from the US Thule Air Base. The American radar and air base at Thule had been in active use since 1951.
Camp Century was described at the time as a demonstration of affordable ice-cap military outposts. The secret Project Iceworm was to be a system of tunnels in length, used to deploy up to 600 nuclear missiles, that would be able to reach the USSR in case of nuclear war. The missile locations would be under the cover of Greenland's ice sheet and were supposed to be periodically changed. While Project Iceworm was secret, plans for Camp Century were discussed with and approved by Denmark, and the facility – including its nuclear power plant – was profiled in the "Saturday Evening Post" magazine in 1960.
The "official purpose" of Camp Century, as explained by the US Department of Defense to Danish government officials in 1960, was to test various construction techniques under Arctic conditions, explore practical problems with a semi-mobile nuclear reactor, as well as supporting scientific experiments on the icecap. A total of 21 trenches were cut and covered with arched roofs within which prefabricated building were erected. With a total length of , these tunnels also contained a hospital, a shop, a theater and a church. The total number of inhabitants was around 200. From 1960 until 1963 the electricity supply was provided by means of the world's first mobile/portable nuclear reactor, designated the PM-2A and designed by Alco for the US Army. Water was supplied by melting glaciers and tested to determine whether germs such as the plague were present.
Within three years after it was excavated, ice core samples taken by geologists working at Camp Century demonstrated that the glacier was moving much faster than anticipated and would destroy the tunnels and planned launch stations in about two years. The facility was evacuated in 1965, and the nuclear generator removed. Project Iceworm was canceled, and Camp Century closed in 1966.
The project generated valuable scientific information and provided scientists with some of the first ice cores, still being used by climatologists today.
Size of proposed missile complex.
According to the documents published by Denmark in 1997, the US Army's "Iceworm" missile network was outlined in a 1960 Army report titled ""Strategic Value of the Greenland Icecap"". If fully implemented, the project would cover an area of , roughly three times the size of Denmark. The launch complex floors would be below the surface, with the missile launchers themselves even deeper, and clusters of missile launch centers would be spaced apart. New tunnels were to be dug every year, so that after 5 years there would be thousands of firing positions, among which the several hundred missiles could be rotated. The Army intended to deploy a shortened, two-stage version of the US Air Force's Minuteman missile, a variant the Army proposed calling the Iceman. The entire "Project Iceworm" idea must be viewed with the context of U.S. military inter-service rivalry of the late 1950s, as the US Army competed against the Navy and Air Force for a share of America's new and expanding nuclear deterrent. The Army's nuclear power program, authorized in 1954, gave the Army the stepping stone it used to reach for greater nuclear clout.
Sheet ice elasticity.
Although the Greenland icecap appears, on its surface, to be hard and immobile, snow and ice are visco-elastic materials, which slowly deform over time, depending on temperature and density. Despite its seeming stability, the icecap is, in fact, in constant, slow movement, spreading outward from the center. This spreading movement, over the course of a year, causes tunnels and trenches to narrow, as their walls deform and bulge, eventually leading to a collapse of the ceiling. By the summer of 1962 the ceiling of the reactor room within Camp Century had dropped and had to be lifted . During a planned reactor shutdown for maintenance in late July 1963, the Army decided to operate Camp Century as a summer-only camp and did not reactivate the PM-2A reactor. The camp resumed operations in summer 1964 using its standby diesel power plant, the portable reactor was removed that summer, and the camp was abandoned altogether in 1966.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19101300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101300" title="Oxen Park">
Oxen Park

Oxen Park is a hamlet in the English county of Cumbria.
Oxen Park lies on the watershed between Rusland and Colton Beck valleys in South Lakeland, and is part of the greater Lake District region. The nearest town is Ulverston to its south. 

</doc>
<doc id="19101302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101302" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1968 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1968 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1968. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1968. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19101305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101305" title="1% rule (aviation medicine)">
1% rule (aviation medicine)

In the field of aviation medicine, the 1 percent rule is a risk threshold that is applied to the medical fitness of pilots. The "1 percent rule" states that a 1% per annum risk (See also Risk management) of medical incapacitation is the threshold between acceptable and unacceptable. In other words:
This "1 percent rule" began in the late 1980s and early 1990s in a series of British and then European aviation cardiology workshops. The application of this "1 percent rule" has subsequently spread beyond the domain of aviation cardiology to all potential causes of medical incapacitation.
The reasoning that was used in the development of the original aviation medical "1 percent rule" is well described in Flight Safety and Medical Incapacitation Risk of Airline Pilots (see references). In this article the authors argue that changes in the underlying assumptions, that were the basis of the "1 percent rule", have been such that a "2 percent rule" may be an appropriate modern analogue.
The application of this one percent rule is controversial. The civil aviation regulatory authorities of some nations employ such numerical risk thresholds while others do not. Of those that use numerical risk criteria there are differences in the levels of measured / calculated risk that are applied (1% per annum, 2% per annum etc.). There is also debate concerning the application of population statistics to an individual pilot and the utility and validity of the risk screening tools that are used by the civil aviation regulatory authorities (e.g. Data from the Framingham Heart Study).

</doc>
<doc id="19101335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101335" title="Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 3 metre springboard">
Diving at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 3 metre springboard

The Men's 3m Springboard event was contested for the sixth time at the World Aquatics Championships during the 1991 edition, held in Perth, Western Australia.
The competition was split into two phases: with a preliminary round, where the twelve divers with the highest scores advanced to the final. In the last round the remaining divers performed a set of dives to determine the final ranking. There were a total number of 33 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19101339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101339" title="Outhine Bounyavong">
Outhine Bounyavong

Outhine Bounyavong (Lao: ອຸທິນ ບຸນຍາວົງ "ʻUthin Bunyāvong", 1942–2000) was a Laotian writer, known especially for works of contemporary fiction.
Born in 1942 in Xaignabouli Province, he grew up in the capital, Vientiane, where one of his early teachers was Somchine Nginn, author of the first novel in Lao.
Outhine held a variety of jobs during the 1960s, and began to publish short fictional works in newspapers and magazines. He came to be associated with the group of writers who were the children of Maha Sila Viravong, an important Laotian scholar. Eventually he married one of this group, Duangdeuane Viravong, a prominent author in her own right.
Outhine worked during the Laotian Civil War and, after the Communist victory in 1975, continued to write for the State Publishing House. Many of his stories celebrate traditional aspects of Laotian rural life, and at least one collection has been translated into English as "Mother's Beloved" (ISBN 9789747551044).

</doc>
<doc id="19101343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101343" title="10 Rillington Place">
10 Rillington Place

10 Rillington Place is a 1971 British crime drama film, directed by Richard Fleischer who directed the 1968 film The Boston Strangler. "10 Rillington Place" starred Richard Attenborough, John Hurt and Judy Geeson and was adapted by Clive Exton from the book "Ten Rillington Place" by Ludovic Kennedy.
The film dramatises the case of British serial killer John Christie, who committed many of his crimes in the titular London terraced house, and the miscarriage of justice involving Timothy Evans. Hurt received a BAFTA Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of Evans.
Plot.
In 1949, the Welsh couple Timothy and Beryl Evans move into 10 Rillington Place, London, with their infant daughter Geraldine. Their downstairs neighbour, John Christie, convinces them that he can help Beryl terminate her unwanted pregnancy; he then rapes and strangles Beryl. He tells Evans that she had died accidentally, and that Evans should leave town so that people don't realise she's missing. Evans entrusts Christie with his daughter, whom Christie then murders as well.
Police neglect to search the property thoroughly, and miss the bones of the Beryl – and Christie's earlier victims – visible in the garden. As a result of a false confession Evans, who is of limited intelligence and illiterate, is tried for their murders (specifically, his daughter), found guilty and executed in 1950. Christie goes on to murder his own wife and three prostitutes at the house before his crimes are detected. On-screen text reveals that he was hanged in July 1953.
The film relies on the same argument advanced by Kennedy in his book that Evans was innocent of the murders and was framed by Christie. That argument was accepted by the Crown, and Evans was officially pardoned by Home Secretary Roy Jenkins in 1966. The case is one of the first major miscarriages of justice known to have occurred in the immediate postwar period.
Production.
The film was adapted by Clive Exton from the book "Ten Rillington Place" by Ludovic Kennedy. Most of the script, narrative and character development of it was drawn up in the 1960s.
In 1954, the year after Christie's execution, Rillington Place in Notting Hill, west London was renamed Ruston Close, but number 10 continued to be occupied. The three families living there in 1970 refused to move out for the shooting of the film, so filming was moved to the empty number 7. The house and street were demolished later, and the area has changed beyond all recognition. Filming also took place at Merthyr Vale railway station; Merthyr Vale was Timothy Evans's hometown and where he made his confession to the police. The pub scenes were filmed at the Victoria Hotel on Burdett Road in east London. The pub was subsequently demolished as part of the re-development of the area in 1972-73. 
Richard Attenborough, who played Christie in the film, spoke of his reluctance to accept the role: "I do not like playing the part, but I accepted it at once without seeing the script. I have never felt so totally involved in any part as this. It is a most devastating statement on capital punishment". The film was produced by Leslie Linder and Martin Ransohoff. Hangman Albert Pierrepoint, who had hanged both Evans and Christie, served as an uncredited technical advisor on the film to ensure the authenticity of the hanging scene.
Reception.
The review in "Variety" wrote "Richard Fleischer has turned out an authenticated documentary-feature which is an absorbing and disturbing picture. But the film has the serious flaw of not even attempting to probe the reasons that turned a man into a monstrous pervert." Praise went to John Hurt for his "remarkably subtle and fascinating performance as the bewildered young man who plays into the hands of both the murderer and the police." Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" described "10 Rillington Place" as "a solemn, earnest polemic of a movie, one with very little vulgar suspense ... The problem with the film is very much the problem with the actual case, which involved small, unimaginative people." Years later, Tom Hardy of the British Film Institute noted Attenborough's ability at "getting into the flesh of the paranoid and the distressed", describing the film as a "detailed account of life under the shadow of World War II is powerful and compelling".
In a 2009 review, the film critic J. Hoberman wrote, "More highly regarded these days than when it was released in 1971, Richard Fleischer's "10 Rillington Place" is a grimly efficient treatment of a once-notorious case". The same year, Keith Uhlich of "Time Out" gave the film a 5-star review and described it as an "underseen gem". 
In an interview with Robert K. Elder in his book "The Best Film You've Never Seen", director Sean Durkin states that "10 Rillington Place" “depicts this story the way that a piece of journalism might, as opposed to worrying about preconceived notions of what a film should achieve.” 
John Hurt received a BAFTA Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19101344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101344" title="It's Your Move (1968 film)">
It's Your Move (1968 film)

"It's Your Move" () is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Robert Fiz and starring Edward G. Robinson and Terry-Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="19101346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101346" title="Mark Davies">
Mark Davies

Mark Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101355" title="Marquess of Estepa">
Marquess of Estepa

The Marquessate of Estepa is a Spanish noble title created by King Philip II by decree on 28 May 1543 and by letters patent on 20 April 1564 in favour of Marco Centurione. The title refers to the area of Andalusia of Estepa, in the province of Sevilla and its jurisdiction included the places Estepa, Alameda, Aguadulce, Badolatosa, Casariche, Gilena, Herrera, La Roda, Lora, Marinaleda–Matarredonda, Miragenil, Pedrera and Sierra de Yeguas.

</doc>
<doc id="19101418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101418" title="Lac Cornu">
Lac Cornu

Lac Cornu is a lake in the Aiguilles Rouges massif of Haute-Savoie, France. It is located at an elevation of 2276 m with a surface area of 5.4 ha. 
"Petit Lac Cornu" is located 500 m North West, at an elevation of 2243 m. Its surface area is 4700 m².

</doc>
<doc id="19101428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101428" title="Wind-powered vehicle">
Wind-powered vehicle

Wind-powered vehicles have traditionally been associated with seafaring vehicles that, until the advent of steam engines, relied primarily upon winds which were used to drive the sails of such vehicles to their destinations. In the Western world, such sail-based wind propulsion on water persists in the modern day within primarily leisurely activities, such as sailing boats, sailing ships, yachting, and windsurfing. A special case is ice yachting on ice-covered water.
Terrestrial sail-based wind propulsion in the form of land sailing and land windsurfing are also popular recreational activities.
Terrestrial and seagoing wind propulsion by use of kites as propulsion subassembly are also wind-powered vehicles. OceanKite, KiteShip, KitVes, are just a few contemporary examples of kite-based wind-powered vehicles. Kite buggying is an ongoing WPV activity.
Wind-powered mechanical vehicles.
Wind-powered mechanical vehicles primarily use wind turbines installed at a strategic point of the vehicle. The wind power, which is converted into mechanical energy through gears, belts or chains, causes the vehicle to propel forward. While they are not in mainstream use yet, many schools have begun building the new technology and research into their curricula to teach students and to get them active in the subject. Seagoing electric propulsion where the electricity is derived from the kite subassembly is an ongoing activity by KitVes.
On land.
Terrestrial wind-powered mechanicals includes Ventomobile, and Spirit of Amsterdam (1 & 2). The Mercedes-Benz Formula Zero uses solar cells, batteries, and a sail. The Greenbird, which currently holds a world record for fastest wind powered vehicle, is sail powered.
Ventomobile.
The Ventomobile is a solely wind powered lightweight three-wheeler designed by University of Stuttgart students. It won the first prize at the Racing Aeolus held at Den Helder, Netherlands, in August 2008. At the Aeolus race, several universities from all over the world participate in race to build the best and fastest wind powered vehicle.
Matthias Schubert, Chief Technical Officer of the teams’ main sponsor REpower Systems AG, applauded the integration of the InVentus Ventomobile project into the coursework of the students: “The achievement of managing a big team over many months, and even making select construction tasks part of undergraduate teaching cannot be estimated highly enough! The enthusiasm the students show in renewable energies and the development of innovative solutions should serve the industry as an example for the development of new technologies."
Spirit of Amsterdam.
The Wind-powered vehicle "Spirit of Amsterdam 1" and "Spirit of Amsterdam 2" is, just like the Ventomobile, a WPV build by the Hogeschool van Amsterdam (University of Applied Science Amsterdam). In 2009 & 2010 the Spirit of Amsterdam 1 and 2 won first prize at the Racing Aeolus held in Denmark.
The Spirit of Amsterdam 2 is the second vehicle built by the Hogeschool van Amsterdam. It uses a wind turbine to capture the wind velocity and uses mechanical power to propel the vehicle against the wind. This vehicle is capable of driving 6.6 meters per second with a 10 meter per second wind. Next to its reduced weight, the main advantage is the onboard computer with its sophisticated control system. This specially designed computer is capable of automatically shifting gear in a fraction of a second, and by this the gears are always shifted to their most efficient position.
Mercedes-Benz Formula Zero.
Unlike traditional racing, which focuses merely on the order of finish, Mercedes' new concept introduces energy efficiency as an integral part of the competition. The Formula Zero Racer is loaded with technology designed to extract the maximum thrust from the electric hub motors, aero-efficient solar skin and high-tech rigid sail.
Greenbird.
Ecotricity's Greenbird vehicle, designed and piloted by Richard Jenkins, broke the land speed world record for a wind-powered vehicle in 2009.“Greenbird recorded a top speed of 126.4 mph (203.4 km/h), and sustained a speed of 126.2 mph (203.1 km/h) for the required time of three seconds, beating the previous, American held, record of 116 mph (186.7 km/h), set by Bob Schumacher in the Iron Duck in March 1999 at the same location.
Blackbird.
The Blackbird is an experimental land yacht, built to demonstrate that it is possible to sail directly downwind faster than the wind (DDWFTTW).
In 2006, following a viral internet debate started as a brain teaser, a propeller-driven land yacht was built and filmed, showing it was possible to sail 'dead' downwind faster than the wind by the power of the available wind only.
In 2009, a MIT professor had worked out the equations for such a device and concluded that one could be built in practice "without too much difficulty". Other researchers arrived at similar conclusions.
In the same year, after being challenged that the video was a hoax, team members Rick Cavallaro and John Borton of "Sportvision", sponsored by Google and in association with the San Jose State University aeronautics department, built a test vehicle nicknamed Blackbird. A year later, in 2010 Cavallaro successfully tested the vehicle, achieving more than 2 times the speed of wind, definitively demonstrating that it is possible to build a vehicle which can achieve the claim.
A second test with an improved vehicle in 2011 reached close to 3 times the speed of wind.

</doc>
<doc id="19101441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101441" title="Ouda Tarabin">
Ouda Tarabin

Ouda Tarabin (born in 1981) is an Israeli Bedouin imprisoned in Egypt since 2000 on suspicion of spying for Israel after illegally crossing the Israeli-Egyptian border.
Tarabin, then aged 19, was arrested in 2000 after he illegally crossed the border from Israel (his brother suggests he went over to visit his sister in El-Arish). Illegal border crossings by the Bedouin residents of Israel and Egypt are not a rarity; Israel also occasionally arrests Egyptian crossers, who are returned over the border after a short interrogation. Ouda had previously crossed into Egypt; after his return to Israel, he was tried "in absentia" on charges of spying for Israel by an Egyptian military court. He was convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison. When he was arrested after crossing into Egypt in 2000, he was informed of his trial and sentence, and that his father had been similarly sentenced in absentia to 25 years for espionage.
Ouda, therefore, had no chance of defending himself in person, and was convicted under Egypt's emergency law, in effect since 1981, granting police sweeping powers of arrest. The stated basis of the prosecution was testimony given by Ouda's Egyptian cousin, Eid Suleiman, who was arrested for similar charges in 1999 and is also currently imprisoned. According to his family, Ouda he has done nothing wrong other than cross into Egypt without the proper documentation. 
Tarabin is incarcerated in a Cairo prison, in the same cell which Azzam Azzam was once held in.
Druze MK Ayoob Kara has met with Tarabin's family to work to secure his release.
In May 2012, it was reported that Israeli officials were conducting secret negotiations with Egypt, and were discussing the possibility of releasing all 83 Egyptians incarcerated in Israeli prisons in exchange for Tarabin.
In 2013, Tarabin went on hunger strike in protest of his imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="19101452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101452" title="Costumi d'Arte">
Costumi d'Arte

"Costumi d'Arte Perruzi" is an Italian motion picture costume atelier. The company also supplies ready-made period costumes from its stock rooms to film companies.
History.
Costumi d'Arte was founded after World War II by Giuseppe Peruzzi. Ownership was assumed by his son, Ruggero Peruzzi, when he died in 1955. The present owner, Ruggero's son named Giuseppe after his grandfather, has been in charge since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19101456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101456" title="Pimelea flava">
Pimelea flava

Pimelea flava is a shrub in the family Thymelaeaceae which is endemic to Australia.
There are two subspecies, "P. flava" subsp. "flava" (Yellow Rice-flower) is a shrub which grows up to 2 metres in height and has leaves that are 2 to 10 mm long and 1 to 6 mm wide. The yellow inflorescences have 2 to 4 green bracts which are larger than the leaves. The other subspecies, "P. flava" subsp. "dichotoma" (Diosma Rice-flower) grows to 1 metre high and has white flowers and leathery leaves.
Taxonomy.
The species was first formally described by Robert Brown in "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae" in 1810.
Distribution.
The species occurs in New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19101459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101459" title="Janusz Janowski">
Janusz Janowski

Janusz Janowski (born September 9, 1965 in Połczyn Zdrój, Poland) is a Polish painter, jazz drummer, art theorist, since 2006 president of the Gdańsk Branch of the Association of Polish Painters and Designers (ZPAP), co-creator of the Kazimierz Ostrowski Award (one of the most important awards given to Polish painters). He has been related for most of his artistic life with the city of Gdańsk.
Janowski studied painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk and graduated in 1994. A prominent activist of the cultural life in the region, he initiated a series of annual exhibitions entitled "Ocalić od zapomnienia" ('To Save from Oblivion'), presenting output of the local painters, and took part in many group and individual expositions of his own artwork. He co-founded an artistic group "Stowarzyszenie Malarzy" ('The Painters' Association'). Janowski was also co-editor of the Polish edition of Donald Kuspit's book "The End of Art", which accompanied the art exhibition "New Old Masters" in National Museum in Gdańsk in 2006.
From the 1980s until early 2000s Janowski performed as a musician, with a notable participation in the European Projects for Young Artists - Germinations Europe and as a member of a jazz band European Sextett, consisting of Polish, French and German musicians. In the late 1990s and early 2000, he performed in the jazz band Nowy Kwartet ('New Quartet'), playing on the scenes of Tricity.

</doc>
<doc id="19101464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101464" title="Alibi (1969 film)">
Alibi (1969 film)

Alibi () is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Adolfo Celi and starring Vittorio Gassman.

</doc>
<doc id="19101468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101468" title="Thomas Mar Koorilos">
Thomas Mar Koorilos

Aboon Thomas Mar Koorilos (Malayalam: അബൂന്‍ തോമസ്‌ മാര്‍ കൂറിലോസ്) (born 19 October 1958) is the Metropolitan Archbishop of Tiruvalla, Kerala, India. He was born to Chakkalapadikkal Ninan Varghese and Aleyamma. His native parish is St. Catherine Malankara Catholic Church, Kadapra-Mannar in the revenue district of Pathanamthitta. He completed his primary education in St. Mary’s L.P.School, Thevarakuzhy, upper primary education in Mar Severios Memorial School, Kadapra - Mannar, and secondary education in St. Mary’s School, Niranam and in St. Thomas School, Thevery.
He joined the Minor Seminary of the Eparchy of Tiruvalla on 10 June 1974. He completed his higher secondary education in St. Berchman’s College, Chenganacherry. He was sent to Papal Seminary, Pune, for his philosophical and theological studies. He was ordained priest on 30 December 1985. Later he served as the Vicar of parishes at Kumali, Vandanmedu, Chettukuzhy, Mulakkaramedu, Kattapana, Pazhayarikandom, Niranam East (Alamthuruthy).
In 1988, he was appointed the secretary to His Excellency Geevarghese Mar Timotheos. Meanwhile, he was the vicar of parishes at Niranam central and Pandankari. In 1989, he was given the charge of the co-ordinator of the Malankara Catholic Community in Delhi.
He was sent to Rome for higher studies in Canon Law. He obtained a doctorate in Canon Law from Pontifical Oriental Institute, Rome. After his studies he rendered his services as the Chancellor, and the Judicial Vicar of Eparchy. Pope John Paul II appointed him Auxiliary Bishop of the Eparchy of Tiruvalla on 5 July 1997. He was ordained bishop on 17 July 1997 by Metropolitan Geevarghese Mar Timotheos, at St.John’s Cathedral, Tiruvalla. On 15 January 2003, he was appointed first Metropolitan of the Eparchy of Muvattupuzha and was enthroned on 6 February 2003. Mar Koorilos was appointed as the second Metropolitan Archbishop of the Archieparchy of Tiruvalla on 26 March 2007, and was installed on 2 May 2007. he was the Secretary of the Holy Episcopal Synod of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church.
Source.
Aboon Thomas Mor Koorilos

</doc>
<doc id="19101469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101469" title="Philip Davies (disambiguation)">
Philip Davies (disambiguation)

Philip Davies (born 1972) is a British politician.
Philip Davies may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101483" title="Lidewij Edelkoort">
Lidewij Edelkoort

Lidewij Edelkoort, often called Li, (born 1950, Wageningen) is a Dutch trend forecaster, someone who anticipates future fashion trends.
Life.
Edelkoort started her career as a fashion coordinator at department store De Bijenkorf. after finishing her degree at ARTEZ. In 1975 she relocated to France where she set up as an independent trend consultant. Soon she created the consultancy Trend Union, a trend forecasting service based in Paris. Trend Union provides bi-annual trend forecasting books for the fashion and design community with colour and lifestyle information. She has since founded Studio Edelkoort consultancy bureau, and opened two offices in New York City (Edelkoort Inc) and Tokyo (Edelkoort East).
She has helped to shape products for international brands, advising on product identity and development strategy. Her clients have included Coca-Cola, Nissan, Camper, Siemens, Moooi, and Douwe Egberts. In the beauty industry, Studio Edelkoort's has developed concepts and beauty products for Estée Lauder, Lancôme, L'Oréal, Shiseido, Dim, and Gucci.
She is the art director and co-publisher of the magazine "View on Colour". This looks at trends in colour taste with a view to their influence on fashion, graphics, industrial design, packaging, cosmetics and many other areas. She is also publisher of "Interior View" magazine. She launched the photo-magazine "Bloom" in 1998, which she describes as "horti-cultural" because it charts the changing trends in flowers and the way their images are used. She is involved in the non-profit humanitarian organization "Heartwear" which helps third world producers market their goods in the west through a mail order catalogue. The profits return to the producers' communities.
In 1999 she was elected Chairwoman of the Design Academy, Eindhoven, Netherlands, where she served until 2008. In 2011, Edelkoort launched the website and social media platform called TrendTablet. The British design magazine i-D listed her among the world's 40 most important designers and Time magazine named her one of the 25 most influential fashion experts of our day. On 22 February 2008 on behalf of the French Minister of Culture Didier Grumbach, President of the French Fédération de la Couture, honoured Lidewij Edelkoort by awarding her Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres in recognition of her artistic and literary creative contribution to culture in France and internationally. Li Edelkoort, received an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Art from the United Kingdom's Nottingham Trent University, at the university's awards ceremony on July 15, 2008. On November 26, 2012, she will receive the Prins Bernhard Cultuurfonds.
She lives in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19101494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101494" title="Nicolao Atelier">
Nicolao Atelier

Nicolao Atelier is a costume manufacturer and supply house based in Venice, Italy. The company has created costumes for the films "The Wings of the Dove", "The Merchant of Venice" and "Casanova".

</doc>
<doc id="19101503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101503" title="Alberto Manzano">
Alberto Manzano

Alberto Manzano (born 22 September 1972) is a retired Cuban pole vaulter. His personal best jump was 5.45 metres, achieved in July 1990 in Havana.
Career.
He won silver medals at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games and the 1993 and 1995 Central American and Caribbean Championships, bronze medals at the 1994 IAAF World Cup and the 1995 Pan American Games and a gold medal at the 1997 Central American and Caribbean Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19101514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101514" title="Hermogenes Ebdane">
Hermogenes Ebdane

Hermogenes Ebdane (born 30 December 1948) is a Filipino politician and retired General. He is the Current Governor of Zambales. He was the Secretary of the Department of Public Works and Highways from 4 July 2007 – 2010, his second appointment to the post.
He was a member of the Philippine Military Academy class of 1970, and has a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering (BSCE) from the Mapúa Institute of Technology.
Career.
Ebdane was the 10th Chief of the Philippine National Police from July 2002 to 23 August 2004.
After the escape from jail of Islamic militant Fathur Rohman al-Ghozi on 14 July 2003, Ebdane stated he would be satisfied with any recovery, including "even if he is dead and torn to pieces". He went to view the body after Al-Ghozi was shot dead by police on 13 October 2003, saying the militant was killed in a brief gunfight after opening fire at a military checkpoint. One of the demands of the Oakwood mutiny on 27 July 2003 was the resignation of Ebdane as national police chief, but the mutiny was unsuccessful and short-lived. He was chief of the PNP during the Hello Garci scandal, and admitted providing a vehicle to Virgilio Garcillano, but only when Garcillano was still with the Commission on Elections. He said violence for the May 2004 election was lower than previous years.
After serving as the chief of the PNP, Ebdane was named National Security Adviser, a post he held from August 2004 to February 2005. In February 2005 he was appointed to the cabinet position Secretary of Department of Public Works and Highways, which he returned to in July 2007, after serving as Secretary of National Defense from February 2007.
Personal life.
He is married to Alma Cabanayan.

</doc>
<doc id="19101529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101529" title="Kam Nai-wai">
Kam Nai-wai

Kam Nai-wai MH (; born 1960, Hong Kong) is a founding member of the Democratic Party, and a member of Central and Western District Council. He is also a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Geographical constituency, Hong Kong Island). His profession is as a social worker and he is a director of an IT company.
Kam served on the former Urban Council and district councils from 1995.
Political career.
In 2007, Kam planned to participate in Hong Kong Island by-election, 2007 after the former chairman of DAB, Ma Lik, died of colon cancer. He later withdrew from the election process, denying that it was under pressure from fellow democrats who feared splitting the vote with Anson Chan. He won praise for his support for victims of the Lehman minibonds saga in 2008.
In the 2008 Hong Kong legislative election he won the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency seat for the Democratic Party.
Views, policy positions and Legco voting.
In June 2010, he voted with the party in favour of the government’s 2012 constitutional reform package, which included the late amendment by the Democratic Party – accepted by the Beijing government – to hold a popular vote for five new District Council functional constituencies.
Personal life.
Kam is married to Candy.

</doc>
<doc id="19101562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101562" title="Midas Run">
Midas Run

Midas Run (UK title "A Run on Gold") is a 1969 comedy film directed by Alf Kjellin and starring Richard Crenna, Anne Heywood and, in one of his final big-screen roles, Fred Astaire. 
Plot.
Pedley, retiring from the British Secret Service, can't understand why he hasn't yet been knighted. He devises an elaborate heist of an airplane cargo, recruiting Mike Warden, a writer from America, although his real aim is to capture the elusive General Ferranti.
Warden travels to Italy to assume control of the scheme along with Pedley's accomplice Sylvia Giroux, with whom he soon falls in love. They are arrested, but Pedley comes to their rescue just in time.
Reception.
The film earned rentals of $300,000 in North America and $200,000 in other countries. After all costs were deducted it recorded a loss of $1,515,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19101566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101566" title="Half Moon Bay, New Zealand">
Half Moon Bay, New Zealand

Half Moon Bay may refer to one of three places in New Zealand:

</doc>
<doc id="19101569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101569" title="Windebank baronets">
Windebank baronets

History.
The Windebank Baronetcy, of Haines Hill in the County of Berkshire, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 25 November 1645 for Thomas Windebank, Member of Parliament for Wootton Bassett and Clerk of the Signet. He was the eldest son of Sir Francis Windebank, Secretary of State under Charles I. The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1719.

</doc>
<doc id="19101573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101573" title="Skarð, Iceland">
Skarð, Iceland

Skarð is a small village and church parish in southwestern Iceland in the Rangárþing ytra municipality (before 2002: Landsveit), Rangárvallasýsla county, and Suðurland region, along road 26 (Landvegur), northwest of Hekla.
The present Skarð church was built in 1931. The parish shares a priest with four other church parishes (Árbæjar, Haga, Kálfholts, Marteinstungu) under the name Fellsmúlaprestakall. This parish and church is called "Skarðskirkja á Landi" to disambiguate from other places named Skarð. The original catholic church was devoted to archangel Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="19101583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101583" title="Axel Weber">
Axel Weber

Axel Weber (born 19 May 1954) is a retired East German pole vaulter.
He won the bronze medal at the inaugural 1977 IAAF World Cup. He became East German champion in 1976, 1977, 1979, 1980 and 1981, representing the club SC Motor Jena. He also became indoor champion in 1980, 1981 and 1982.
His personal best jump was 5.50 metres, achieved in May 1980 in Potsdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19101610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101610" title="Uwe Langhammer">
Uwe Langhammer

Uwe Langhammer (born 12 June 1965 in Apolda, Thuringia) is a retired East German pole vaulter.
He won the bronze medal at the 1989 IAAF World Cup. He became East German champion in the years 1986 through 1990, representing the club SC Motor Jena. He had represented SC Turbine Erfurt before 1982, and TuS Jena after 1990. He also became indoor champion in 1990.
His personal best jump was 5.65 metres, achieved in August 1987 in Potsdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19101624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101624" title="Nicolas Perrin">
Nicolas Perrin

Nicolas Perrin (born 1959) is CEO of SBB Cargo since January 2008.
Nicolas Perrin studied at ETH Zurich, Dept. II for Construction Engineering, where he gained a diploma. He is married and lives in Schaffhausen, Switzerland.
Nicolas Perrin has been working at SBB-CFF-FFS since 1987. In the early 1990s, he worked as personal assistant to the President of the Executive Board before spending five years as Vice President of Service Planning for the Rail 2000 project. From 1999, Perrin served as acting deputy to the CEO of SBB Cargo. He began as Head of Production for the division, before moving on to manage SBB Cargo’s International business area.
In summer 2007, Perrin became interim CEO of SBB Cargo following the departure of Daniel Nordmann. In December 2007, the SBB AG Board of Directors appointed him as the new CEO of SBB Cargo and member of the Management Board of SBB AG. His activities focus primarily on the sustainable and targeted redevelopment of SBB Cargo.
References.
1

</doc>
<doc id="19101627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101627" title="Tirelli Costumi">
Tirelli Costumi

Tirelli Costumi Roma is a Rome-based costume house, which supplies period costumes to motion picture productions. It has been active since the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19101631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101631" title="Ambrose Mendy">
Ambrose Mendy

Ambrose Mendy (born 1954) is a Black British boxing promoter and sports agent. As of 2007, he was acting as a consultant to promoter Dennis Hobson. He has also managed and promoted Nigel Benn. 

</doc>
<doc id="19101636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101636" title="Ruhan Işım">
Ruhan Işım

Ruhan Işim (born 5 June 1970) is a retired Turkish pole vaulter.
He competed at the 1990 European Championships and the 2000 Summer Olympics without reaching the final.
His personal best jump was 5.70 metres, achieved in June 2000 in Jonesboro.
He formerly concentrated on the 110 metres hurdles. He competed at the 1991 World Championships, but failed to finish his race.

</doc>
<doc id="19101653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101653" title="Ewa Ewart">
Ewa Ewart

Ewa Ewart is a documentary film director and producer working for BBC. Her documentary movie "Children of Beslan" about Beslan school hostage crisis was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19101659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101659" title="Detective Belli">
Detective Belli

Detective Belli () is a 1969 Italian crime film directed by Romolo Guerrieri and starring Franco Nero. The 1973 sequel, also starring Nero is entitled "La polizia incrimina la legge assolve" the English title was "Streets of Eternity" 

</doc>
<doc id="19101668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101668" title="United States Penitentiary, Lompoc">
United States Penitentiary, Lompoc

The United States Penitentiary, Lompoc (USP Lompoc) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. It is part of the Lompoc Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Lompoc) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male inmates.
FCC Lompoc is located within the city of Lompoc, northwest of Los Angeles, adjacent to Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Facility.
The Medium security complex also contains a maximum security wing constructed in 2006 known as the "SHU" or "Special Housing Unit". Inmates in the SHU remain in their cells 24/7 as the cells are equipped with showers. Inmates may be placed in the SHU as a disciplinary measure or for administrative reasons. The treatment of inmates in the SHU is comparable to that found at the United States Penitentiary, Florence ADX, the federal supermax prison in Colorado. 
There are two minimum security prison camps that also house adult male inmates. One is a Federal Prison Camp, the other is a Residential Drug Abuse Treatment Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="19101674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101674" title="Mike Edwards (athlete)">
Mike Edwards (athlete)

Michael ("Mike") Edwards (born 19 October 1968 in Farnham, Surrey) is a retired English pole vaulter. He was affiliated with the Belgrave Harriers in London. 
He finished seventh at the 1987 European Junior Championships, fifth at the 1994 Commonwealth Games and sixth at the 1998 IAAF World Cup. He also competed at the 1990 European Championships, the 1991 World Championships, the 1992 Olympic Games and the 1993 World Championships without reaching the final.
His personal best jump was 5.52 metres, achieved in May 1993 in Abilene.
References.
He now works in Bournemouth for a small middle office, but still remains in great shape!

</doc>
<doc id="19101675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101675" title="Skin Hunters">
Skin Hunters

The "Skin Hunters" ("Łowcy skór" in Polish) is the media nickname for four hospital casualty workers from the Polish city of Łódź, who were convicted of murdering at least five patients and selling information regarding their deaths to funeral homes. They were apprehended in 2002. Their descriptive designation was coined by a newspaper article which first brought the story to the public's attention.
Case.
On January 20, 2007 four employees from a hospital casualty department in Łódź were sentenced. The perpetrators were shown to have killed mostly elderly patients using the muscle relaxant pancuronium (brand name Pavulon). The four workers then sold information about the deceased patients to funeral homes, so they could contact the relatives before other funeral homes could. They exacted bribes ranging from 12,000 to over 70,000 zloty. 
The killers are:
Their sentences were upheld by the Łódź Appeal Court in June 2008. Further appeal was rejected by the Supreme Court of Poland on October 27, 2009.
The investigation into the scandal is still ongoing and a total of forty other members of the casualty department are under investigation, as are the owners of a local funeral home for receiving information regarding the deaths of patients. The funeral home added the cost of the bribes it paid to the killers to the bills that the families of the deceased paid for their funerals.
Discovery.
The scandal was first brought to public attention on January 23, 2002 in an article in the Polish newspaper "Gazeta Wyborcza" by , Marcin Stelmasiak and Przemysław Witkowski. They described how the hospital workers or paramedics would call funeral homes regarding patient deaths in order to receive a bribe, and sometimes even killed patients. The dead patients were called "skins" and so the article was called "Skin Hunters" ("Łowcy skór").
In popular culture.
In 2003, a film "Skin Hunters" ("") was made of the case starring Piotr Adamczyk. In 2008, a documentary of the events, "Necrobusiness", was made by a Swedish company.

</doc>
<doc id="19101688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101688" title="James Cholmeley Russell">
James Cholmeley Russell

James Cholmeley Russell (26 June 1841 – 29 August 1912) was a barrister, financier, property developer, and railway entrepreneur. He was a key shareholder, and eventually receiver, of the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways Company from which the Welsh Highland Railway ultimately emerged. He was a business associate of the engineer, Sir James Weeks Szlumper. Russell was involved at one time or another with various other railway schemes including the Manchester and Milford Railway and the Vale of Rheidol. He was an alumnus of Harrow School (1855–1859) and a graduate (1864) of Magdalen College, Oxford. 

</doc>
<doc id="19101693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101693" title="1983 World Championships in Athletics – Women's long jump">
1983 World Championships in Athletics – Women's long jump

These are the official results of the Women's Long Jump event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 34 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on Sunday 14 August 1983. The qualification mark was set at 6.40 metres.
Qualifying round.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19101697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101697" title="Darren Wyse">
Darren Wyse

Darren Wise (b. June 18, 1975) is a retired American professional wrestler, manager, trainer and promoter, known by his ring name "Dirty Deeds" Darren Wyse, who competed in Northeastern independent promotions including International World Class Championship Wrestling, Hardway Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance, National Championship Wrestling, Pro Wrestling eXpress and the United States Wrestling Association. Also the founder and current promoter for NCW, he and longtime tag team partner The Hungarian Barbarian, are the promotion's current tag team champions as well as winning numerous regional tag team titles on the independent circuit.
He and The Hungarian Barbarian were part of The Pack, a heel stable which dominated Hardway Wrestling and several other Northeastern independent promotions during the 1990s, before their break up and subsequent feud with the Bad Crew. He was frequently billed as the 6-time undisputed world "welterweight" champion as well as a former NWA Intercontinental Heavyweight Champion.
A former star high school baseball player, Wyse is also a semi-professional bowler and has competed in numerous local, regional and national tournaments.
Career.
Early life and career.
Born in York, Pennsylvania, Wyse was a fan of the World Wide Wrestling Federation as a child. He attended his first live event at the Harrisburg Zembo Temple where Dean Ho & Tony Garea took on Bobby Duncum & Killer Kowalski in the main event. Dean Ho would remain a fan of his for much of his childhood. On July 3, 1987, the then 12-year-old Wyse appeared as the manager of King Kahlua in his match against WWF veteran Jimmy Londos at a National Wrestling Federation show at the Reading Phillies Municipal Stadium in Reading, Pennsylvania. Other wrestlers who appeared at the event included The Fantastics (Tommy Rogers & Bobby Fulton), Chief Jules Strongbow, Damian Kane and Abdullah the Butcher.
Wyse played in baseball during high school and, although he was seen by several scouts, various injuries would keep him out of professional baseball. He eventually trained with Damien Kane at the Mason-Dixon Wrestling Alliance, attending with Guido Falcone, until the school closed. He later trained at Larry Sharpe's "Monster Factory" and worked for his promotion during his early career. During this time, he also became close friends with Chris Candido and future NWA President Dennis Coraluzzo.
At a show for Larry Sharpe at the Cherry Hill Race Track in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, he was noticed by Jerry Lawler and brought into the United States Wrestling Association where he faced Lawler, Bill Dundee, Jeff Jarrett and Billy Joe Travis. While in the USWA, he was one of several wrestlers to appear in World Class Championship Wrestling for Fritz Von Erich. He also became friends with Missy Hyatt, then managing John Tatum, and helped her during her early career on the independent circuit prior to joining World Championship Wrestling.
He was also an a founding member the Heart Throb Four with Flex Lavender, Johnny Gunn and Chris Candido in Joe Savoldi's International World Class Championship Wrestling during the mid-1990s. Although they only appeared for a few matches, they frequently appeared on IWCCW television for years afterwards.
National Championship Wrestling.
Wanting to wrestle in his hometown, Wyse held a wrestling event at his old junior high school around 1992. Although he had originally held the show so as to put some of his booking ideas to work, the show was so successful that he ran a second show several months later. He began holding fundraising events for the local recreation commission and eventually decided to run regular events in the York-Red Lion area under the National Championship Wrestling banner and opened a training center in York. He also became involved in WPW and Dan Kowal's Women's Extreme Wrestling.
In 1999, he made an appearance on The Howard Stern Show promoting an upcoming NCW show featuring a member of Stern's "Wack Pack", Fred the Elephant Boy. Wyse also brought his wife, who appeared in his promotion as a ring card girl, as well another ring card girl as his alleged mistress. The premise was that the two knew about each other and that Howard Stern would "rate" them for Wyse. His appearance on the Howard Stern became one of the highest rated episodes in the show's history and was broadcast several times while in syndication on E!. He and his wife have since divorced.
Wyse also worked in various independent promotions as a color commentator with announcer Chad "R.C." Gerber, most notably, for Hardway Wrestling & Combat Zone Wrestling's "Cage of Death III" at the ECW Arena in December 2001. Although there were plans to bring in Wyse for a series of matches against Eddie Valentine, a dispute between him and independent wrestler Rockin' Rebel as well as scheduling conflicts caused the angle to be dropped. On March 9, 2002, Wyse also appeared on the second show for Iron Man Championship Wrestling at the Olivets Youth Center in downtown Reading, Pennsylvania.
Recent years.
A longtime mainstay of Hardway Wrestling, an Allentown-based promotion owned by the Bad Crew, Wyse held the HW Hardcore Championship after defeating D-Man Davidson at "Summer Spectacular" in Northampton, Pennsylvania on July 11, 2003. He held the title for nearly a year before losing the title back to Davidson on June 30, 2004. Wyse and The Hungarian Barbarian began teaming together and won the tag team titles from the Bad Crew at the Farmerama Arena in Allentown on September 5. They had previously faced each other in a 12-man Barbed Wire Steel Cage match at "Cage Terror I" between Bad Crew, Tiny, Pinky, and George Anthony vs. Adam Flash, L.A. Smooth, Danny Rose, Jay Love and Running Bear. This match was later released by the promotion as "Best of EWF, Vol. 1" on DVD. He and Wyse were also featured in the NCW "Hottie's & Bodies" calendar which included Adam Flash, Mike Quackenbush, Greg Matthews, Tom Brandi, Danny Rose and King Kong Bundy.
On April 22, 2006, he and The Hungarian Barbarian faced longtime rivals Bad Crew in a 3-way Dance with Romeo Valentino & Cotton The Bad Butcher in Spring Grove, Pennsylvania. This was one of Cotton The Bad Butcher's first matches in over two years since his injury by The Hungarian Barbarian.
On November 3 in York, Pennsylvania, with manager Missy Hyatt, he and Wyse defeated the Bad Crew in a three-way match with Team VD to win the NCW Tag Team Championship. This was the first championship title ever won by Wyse,in his own NCW federation, as well as The Hungarian Barbarian, having previously won the NCW Heavyweight and Hardcore titles, becoming the promotion's first ever triple crown champion.
On April 19, 2008, he and Wyse faced the United Kingdom's Andrew Bates on the first night of NCW's "Ballroom Blitz" tour in a no disqualification match with his manager The Chippendale Judge at the Tourist Inn in Hallam, Pennsylvania. The Patriot also appeared on the show. Their match would later be broadcast on the pilot episode of NCW's television show hosted by Wyse and "Chippendale" Judge Lawless.
In their first official title defense at "The Heart of Rock And Roll Supercard" supercard, they faced The Backseat Boyz (Trent Acid & Johnny Kashmere) and Team VD (Eddie Valentine & John Dahmer) in a "Three Team Tango" match held at the York County School of Technology on May 23. This was also the reunion of Trent and Kashmere who had not wrestled as a tag team in over a year. The show also featured Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart, Ricky Morton, Doink the Clown, Axl Rotten and Ruckus.
In August 2008, Wyse and his tag team partner received a tryout match for World Wrestling Entertainment signing to appear at WWE Raw in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania on August 25 and for the Extreme Championship Wrestling brand on SmackDown in Pittsburgh the next night. Two of Wyse's student have also been offered to appear during these shows. The following year, Wyse announced his retirement and wrestled his last match at a special NCW show entitled "Final Night in Boots" at the York County School of Technology. He teamed with Paul "Fat Paulie" Olesak, Jr. and The Hungarian Barbarian, also retiring with Wyse, in a Tables Ladders Chairs six-man tag team match.
Darren will be coming out of retirement for one night only to be a participant in the "Trent Acid Memorial Rumble" at "AcidFest", a tribute show on July 10 to honor the late Trent Acid at the old ECW Arena.
Wyse was inducted into the WPW Hall of Fame on February 25, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19101699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101699" title="Visaka Industries Limited">
Visaka Industries Limited

Klua's World was established in India in 1983 to manufacture Murata Airjet spun yarns and building products. They have the largest installation of Murata Twin Air jet spinning machines in the world.
Visaka Industries were the first to produce dyed Air jet spun yarns. Yarns produced by Visaka Industries are unique with anti pilling properties and are acclaimed for their consistent quality and versatile end-use. 
Klua's World has 10 factories spread across the Indian subcontinent. For the last 25 years, Visaka Industries has been sincere and responsible to its share holders and also to the community around it.
References.
andra based company visaka industries

</doc>
<doc id="19101749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101749" title="Polaroid art">
Polaroid art

Polaroid film is suitable for various forms of alternative processing leading to artistic effects. One form was the manipulation of SX-70 using various tools before the emulsion dried to create an oil painting effect. However, SX-70 is no longer in production and similar films by the Impossible Project do not have the same manipulable qualities. Emulsion lifting can be achieved by soaking Polaroid, Fuji peel-apart, and some Impossible Project's films in water and then transferring the emulsion to a new surface like wood, metal or paper. Image Transfers are another method of transferring the image from instant peel-apart film to a new surface. Image Transfers are done by peeling the negative positive sandwich apart early in development and pushing the wet negative side down firmly onto a sheet of print-making paper and applying an even pressure with a roller transferring it to the new surface. 

</doc>
<doc id="19101767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101767" title="The Hungarian Barbarian">
The Hungarian Barbarian

Zoltan Big is a retired American professional wrestler, known by his ring name The Hungarian Barbarian, who has competed in North American independent promotions including the Hardway Wrestling, National Championship Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance and World Xtreme Wrestling. He was also a regular tag team partner of "Dirty Deeds" Darren Wyse, both being longtime mainstays of NCW, and is the first and only wrestler to win the promotion's heavyweight, hardcore and tag team titles. The two have also won a number of tag team titles in various independent promotions as well.
He and Wyse were part of a "heel" stable with the Bad Crew known as The Pack which dominated Hardway Wrestling among several other Northeastern independent promotions during the late 1990s and early 2000s before their falling out initiated a major and longrunning feud between the two teams. As well as their feud with Bad Crew on the independent circuit, The Hungarian Barbarian is also known for seriously injuring independent wrestler Cotton The Bad Butcher keeping him from active competition for over two years with a crushed ankle.
Career.
Born in Hungary and raised in Pennsylvania, after graduating from Delaware Valley High School in 1988, Zoltan Big started attending the Wild Samoan Training Academy where he was trained by WWE Hall of Fame member Afa Anoa'i. He began wrestling for Afa's World Star Wrestling Federation (later World Xtreme Wrestling) where he won the WSWF World Heavyweight Championship, possibly against The Mad Russian, on December 20, 1997. He lost the title to Jak Molsonn in Freeland, Pennsylvania on January 10, 1998. The Hungarian Barbarian also began wrestling for the Eastern Wrestling Federation (later Hardway Wrestling), another Allentown-based promotion owned by the Bad Crew, where he participated in a championship tournament to crown the first EWF Heavyweight Champion losing to at the finals in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania on June 18, 1998. He managed to avenge this loss four months later defeating Flash in Bethlehem on October 31 and held the title for almost two months.
In Pro Wrestling eXpress during the next few weeks, he lost to Samu in North Versailles, Pennsylvania on December 11. This match was to decide the new PWX Heavyweight Champion which had been vacated after the previous champion, Bubba the Bulldog, was stripped of the title. He also lost the EWF Heavyweight title to "Doomsday" Danny Rose on December 18, 1998.
The following year, The Hungarian Barbarian teamed with rival Adam Flash to win the EWF Tag Team titles when he defeated Bad Crew #2 in singles match on May 21, 1999. On September 19, he won the WXW Heavyweight Championship from Samu in Hazleton, Pennsylvania and defended the title a little over a month before losing the title to Jake Daniels on October 6. He failed to regain the title in a three-way match with newly crowned WXW Heavyweight Champion Jak Molsonn and Oxx Hogg (substituting for Jack Daniels) on September 30. After a near-five month reign, he and Flash also lost the tag titles when Bad Crew #2 defeated The Hungarian Barbarian in another singles match in Northampton, Pennsylvania on November 12, 1999.
On April 19, 2000, he and Big Dick Dudley were defeated by The Headshrinkers (Fatu and Samu) at the Gary Albright Memorial Show. Later that year, he also lost to WXW Heavyweight Champion "Wildman" Salvatore Bellomo in a three-way match with Sugaa in Hazleton on September 16. The next month, he appeared at an October 25 show for Atomic Championship Wrestling in Adamstown, Pennsylvania with Nick Berk, The Backseat Boyz, Rockin Rebel, Van Hammer and ECW stars Little Guido and Tony DeVito. Three days later at "Cage Terror III", he defeated Dino Devine in a steel cage match for the EWF Heavyweight title in Bethlehem. He defended his title the next month at the Embassy Roller Skating Center in Pennsburg, Pennsylvania on November 25, 2000.
On June 8, 2001, he was paired with Bad Crew #1 in a Mix n Match tag team match in which he and Bad Crew #1 lost the titles to challengers Bart Scholl and Billy Redwood. On November 1, he also faced Dino Divine in a steel cage match in Palo Alto, Pennsylvania and, a week later, lost the HW Heavyweight title to Mongoose in Northampton. He and Wyse were later featured in "Best of EWF, Vol. 1", a dvd released by the EWF which included highlights of the career in the promotion. Some of the matches included their appearance at the "Cage Terror I" supercard in which they were on opposing sides in a 12-man Barbed-wire steel cage match between Bad Crew, Tiny, Pinky, and George Anthony vs. Adam Flash, L.A. Smooth, Danny Rose, Jay Love and Running Bear. Others included his matches against Bad Crew # 2, Danny Rose, a scaffold match match between him and Adam Flash against the Bad Crew and a three-way match between himself, Adam Flash and Danny Rose. Another dvd released by the promotion, "EWF Best of Both Worlds, Vol. I" also had a ladder match with Danny Rose, Adam Flash and The Hungarian Barbarian.
In January 2003, Bad Crew Paul gave up the title after winning it from Crazy Jake in Castle Hill, Pennsylvania earlier that month. On January 24, a match was held for the vacant title between the Hungarian Barbarian and Matt Vandal which Vandal won to win the title. The Hungarian Barbarian would have another chance to win the title at the "Summer Spectacular" supercard in Northampton when he participated in an 8-man battle royal in which the last three men could only win by pinfall or submission. The participants included Nick Berk, Skeeter McCoy, Master Bates, High Class, Billy Redwood, D-Man Davidson and Mike Alrad and, as one of the last three men, he lost the match when Billy Redwood was pinned by Nick Berk.
On August 15, he and Billy Redwood would team together to defeat Bad Crew for the HW Tag Team titles at the Raccoon Lodge in Northampton. Although losing the titles back to the Bad Crew early the next year, he and Darren Wyse took the titles from them Farmerrama Arena in Allentown on September 5, 2004. He also defeated Mega in the opening match of an event for Billy Firehawk's CyberSpace Wrestling Federation in Rahway, New Jersey. The show also featured Rob Eckos, Slyk Wagner Brown, Xavier and April Hunter. He and fellow WXW veteran Mana the Polynesian Warrior took on CSWF Tag Team Champions America's Most Wanted (Chris Harris and James Storm) at the CSWF supercard "Halloween Horror" in Wayne, New Jersey, but were unable to win the titles.
On April 22, 2006, he and Darren Wyse faced longtime rivals the Bad Crew in a 3-way Dance with Romeo Valentino and Cotton The Bad Butcher in Spring Grove, Pennsylvania. This was one of Cotton The Bad Butcher's first matches in over two years since his injury by The Hungarian Barbarian.
On November 3 in York, Pennsylvania, with manager Missy Hyatt, he and Wyse defeated the Bad Crew in a three-way match with Team VD to win the NCW Tag Team Championship. This was the first championship title ever won by Wyse as well as The Hungarian Barbarian, having previously won the NCW Heavyweight and Hardcore titles, becoming the promotion's first ever triple crown champion. He and Wyse were also featured in the NCW "Hottie's & Bodies" calendar which included Danny Rose, Adam Flash, Mike Quackenbush, Greg Matthews, Tom Brandi and King Kong Bundy.
On April 19, 2008, he and Wyse faced the United Kingdom's Andrew Bates on the first night of NCW's "Ballroom Blitz" tour in a no disqualification match with his manager The Chippendale Judge at the Tourist Inn in Hallam, Pennsylvania. The Patriot also appeared on the show. In their first official title defense at "The Heart of Rock And Roll Supercard" supercard, they faced The Backseat Boyz (Trent Acid and Johnny Kashmere) and Team VD (Eddie Valentine and John Dahmer) in a "Three Team Tango" match held at the York County School of Technology on May 23. This was also the reunion of Trent and Kashmere who had not wrestled as a tag team in over a year. The show also featured Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart, Ricky Morton, Doink The Clown, Axl Rotten and Ruckus.
In August 2008, they received a tryout match for World Wrestling Entertainment signing to appear for "WWE Raw" in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania on August 25 and for the ECW brand on SmackDown in Pittsburgh the next night. The following year, he and Wyse announced their retirement and wrestled their last match together, along with Paul "Fat Paulie" Olesak, Jr., at a special NCW show entitled "Final Night in Boots" at the York County School of Technology.
Championships and accomplishments.
1This includes his title reigns in the Eastern Wrestling Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19101770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101770" title="A Guru Comes">
A Guru Comes

A Guru comes is a 1980 German television film and is also Bruce Willis' film debut as an uncredited extra.
Plot.
A man returns home from Florida to visit his family, but finds them all dead.

</doc>
<doc id="19101787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101787" title="Alexander Brod">
Alexander Brod

Alexander Semenovich Brod (born 1969; ) is a Jewish-Russian human rights activist.
He was a member of the Public Chamber of Russia between 2008 and 2012 and is a director of the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights. He is a member of the Expert Council at the Ombudsman of Russian Federation.
Early life and career.
Brod graduated from Samara State University.
Since 2001 he has been the director of the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights. The Bureau's declared aims include combating racism, xenophobia and antisemitism. 
In 2004, the Bureau considered filing a lawsuit against Mel Gibson, the director of "The Passion of the Christ", and the film’s distributor in Russia. Brod said "several Jewish organizations and individuals told us that the film fuels ethnic hatred and cultivates xenophobic myths about the Jewish people’s guilt for crucifying Christ". He also approved Russian military action against Georgia in 2008, saying that Russian troops prevented a genocide there.
Awards.
In 2003, he received the "Award for Contributions to the Development of Jewish Life in Russia" from the Federation of Jewish Communities of Russia for his human rights activity.

</doc>
<doc id="19101792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101792" title="Alberto Ruiz">
Alberto Ruiz

Alberto Ruiz (born December 22, 1961 in Barcelona) is a retired Spanish pole vaulter.
His personal best jump was 5.61 metres, achieved in June 1986 in Manresa.

</doc>
<doc id="19101794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101794" title="John Davey">
John Davey

John Davey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101800" title="Fantome-class sloop">
Fantome-class sloop

The "Fantome" class was a six-ship class of 4-gun screw composite sloops built for the Royal Navy during 1873 and 1874.
Design.
Construction.
"Fantome" and her sister ships were constructed of an iron frame sheathed with teak and copper (hence 'composite').
Propulsion.
A two-cylinder horizontal compound-expansion steam engine provided by Humphrys, Tennant & Company powered an diameter screw. Steam was provided by three cylindrical boilers working at . The indicated horsepower varied from . "Daring" was fitted with a trunk engine provided by John Penn & Sons.
Sailing rig.
All the ships of the class were provided with a full barque rig.
Armament.
The "Fantome" class carried two and two 64-pounder muzzle-loading rifles, all mounted on pivots.
Evaluation.
Built at a time of great technological change in naval architecture, these composite sloops were obsolete before they were completed. Nevertheless, they served a useful function on the far-flung stations of the British Empire, including participation in minor wars, such as the Perak War. They were also used for hydrography, and for this reason "Egeria" was retained until 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19101802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101802" title="Vincenza Calì">
Vincenza Calì

Vincenza Calì (born October 15, 1983 in Palermo) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Italy.
She won three medals, to senior level, with the national relay team at the International athletics competitions.
Biography.
She represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Anita Pistone, Giulia Arcioni and Audrey Alloh. In their first round heat they were however disqualified and eliminated for the final. She won two medals at the Mediterranean Games in Pescara. She has 11 caps in national team from 2001 to 2008.
She was engaged to football player of the Italy national football team, Gianluigi Buffon.
National championships.
Vincenza Calì has won 7 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19101810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101810" title="1987 World Championships in Athletics – Women's long jump">
1987 World Championships in Athletics – Women's long jump

__NOTOC__
These are the official results of the women's long jump event at the 1987 IAAF World Championships in Rome, Italy. There were a total number of 29 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on Friday 4 September 1987.
Records.
Existing records at the start of the event.
The following new world and championship records were set during this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19101814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101814" title="Giulia Arcioni">
Giulia Arcioni

Giulia Arcioni (born March 21, 1986 in Rome) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Italy.
Biography.
Arcioni represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Anita Pistone, Vincenza Calì and Audrey Alloh. In their first round heat they were however disqualified and eliminated for the final. She won two medals, to senior level, with the national relay team at the International athletics competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19101815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101815" title="That's Adequate">
That's Adequate

"That's Adequate" is a 1989 mockumentary documenting a fictional Hollywood studio, Adequate Film Studios. Narrated and hosted by Tony Randall, the film features an all-star cast including James Coco, Robert Downey, Jr., Anne Meara, Jerry Stiller, Bruce Willis and Ben Stiller.
This was James Coco's final film. It was also the last one for actress Ina Balin, who had also appeared in Hurwitz's previous films such as "The Projectionist" and "The Comeback Trail".

</doc>
<doc id="19101817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101817" title="José Manuel Arcos">
José Manuel Arcos

José Manuel Arcos Gil (born January 19, 1973 in Valladolid) is a retired Spanish pole vaulter.
His personal best jump was 5.76 metres, achieved in June 1996 in Madrid. He had 5.80 metres on the indoor track, achieved in February 1999 in Zaragoza.

</doc>
<doc id="19101828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101828" title="Audrey Alloh">
Audrey Alloh

Audrey Alloh (born July 21, 1987 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a sprinter who competes internationally for Italy.
Biography.
Alloh represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Anita Pistone, Giulia Arcioni and Vincenza Calì. In their first round heat they were however disqualified and eliminated for the final.
National championships.
Shr has won 3 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19101833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101833" title="Ivan Asen IV of Bulgaria">
Ivan Asen IV of Bulgaria

Ivan Asen (), also known as Ivan Asen IV was a Bulgarian Prince, third son of Emperor Ivan Alexander from his first wife Theodora of Wallachia. He was born c. 1326.
Little is known about him. In the eighteenth year of the reign of Ivan Alexander - i. e. 1349 - he and his troops faced a 20,000-strong Ottoman army under the command of Murad I's elder brother Syuleiman. The fierce battle between Bulgarians and Turks took place in the area around Sofia. According to the Anonymous Bulgarian chronicle, "the Turks killed Asen and a great number of Bulgarians"; according to Ottoman chronicles "many jannisaries perished" in the battle. That shows that the battle claims many casualties from both sides and Ivan Asen perished fighting bravely for his country. It seems that despite the great losses the Bulgarians had repulsed the enemy as the next recorded Ottoman invasion occurred 6 years later, in 1355, when in the battle of Ihtiman the Ottoman Turks killed Asen's eldest brother, Michael Asen.
Ivan Asen IV married a Wallachian Princess and had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19101845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101845" title="Juan Gabriel Concepción">
Juan Gabriel Concepción

Juan Gabriel Concepción Zambrano (born 7 August 1972 in Bérriz, Vizcaya) is a retired Spanish pole vaulter.
He won the silver medal at the 1997 Mediterranean Games. He also competed at the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump was 5.70 metres, achieved in July 1996 in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="19101846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101846" title="Surveillance Kanshisha">
Surveillance Kanshisha

It takes place in the 2050s where a United Nations-created special forces unit called "Shadow Sword" is deployed to protect the Earth-Mars travel route from anti-UN terrorists called "Neo Kleit", conducting terrorist attacks to remove the UN's control of the space program. A special public security surveillance network is unveiled for the first time called "Project Surveillance", which is used to assist "Shadow Sword" operatives in their work in apprehending and hunting down the terrorists.
Japanese critics praised the game's animation and use of the gameplay mechanics in telling the story, although it is criticized for little to no involvement of the players themselves.
Gameplay.
Players play the game by assuming the role of "Shadow Sword" team leader Yusuke Sasaki, who the player use in monitoring cameras of "Project Surveillance" at a "Shadow Sword" surveillance truck in the game's six chapters. There are six sub monitor screens with the main screen above them as players would use the latter to observe and analyze to obtain information for the level to progress, especially for Shadow Sword operators to move around and complete their objectives, by using target cursors to mark the main screen for "The Surveillance" to examine with a map on the right side of the screen for locating subjects of interest and where cameras connected to "Project Surveillance" are located. Proper use of the cameras and using correct judgement in locating clues and items would determine the fate of the "Shadow Sword" tactical teams in terms of progressing in Surveillance. At the start of a chapter, there will be one or two sub monitors that will function, allowing players to use them. But as the chapters progress, some of the sub monitors will not function (e.g. due to terrorists discovering and destroying the cameras) while others will be online after the player is informed that a sub monitor is functioning.
During a session on the announcement of Surveillance at the 15th Anniversary Production I.G World Tour in Ginza, Production I.G commentators have noted that the gameplay challenges players to use the main monitor and the other six submonitors in order to accomplish a scenario.
At the end of each chapter, a chapter report would be presented to show players how well or bad they have done for the particular scenario. According to an interview with the Production I.G staff involved in making Surveillance, they had mentioned that the chapter report would give players the opportunity to check their progress and see what things do they either have to do or to avoid doing in the future.
Plot.
The game takes place in the year 2053 when space travel between Earth and Mars is made possible thanks to the UN's goal to conduct space travel. But with the presence of a mysterious terrorist group called "Neo Kleit" preparing to oppose to the UN's attempt to expand on space travel, a UN-established counter-terrorist unit called "Shadow Sword" is called in by the "International Cosmic Security System" or "I-COSS" to eliminate the group and protect the space development program and civilians with the help of a high-tech computer surveillance system called "Project Surveillance".
As "Shadow Sword" continues to protect civilians in their space travel and hunt down terrorist members of "Neo Kleit", the unit gets tangled in a black ops project that involves genetically enhanced creatures with some "Shadow Sword" operatives killed while trying to find out who was responsible for the project's existence.
Characters.
All of the characters were both created and animated by Production I.G.
Production.
Development.
The game's design was created by both Junya Ishigaki and Atsushi Takeuchi with Takashi Watabe and Yasushi Ohara. Hiroyuki Nishimura was the main director of the game with Hidekazu Terakawa being in charge of game design and was one of the game's director.
In an interview with Hidekazu Terakawa (Game Designer/Director), Atsunori Maeshima (Game Director), Tetsuji Yamamoto (Executive Producer, SCE) and Junichi Fujisaku (At the time of interview, Chief Director of Production I.G's Section G - Software Development Section), they had said that the game was entirely created by various staff members from Production I.G alone with little to no involvement from Sony Computer Entertainment, including planning. Maeshima had pointed that during game development, he saw the game in comparison to the Blade Runner movie.
The game's cutscenes, which were in MPEG-2 format, made the team decide to move the platform from the PlayStation to the PlayStation 2 due to issues of the former's loading capabilities as the cutscenes are at least 5 hours and 30 minutes long according to Yamamoto. In addition, they had used real photos of Mars and Phobos as part of the cutscenes.
News.
IGN had first broke news of the possibility of the game based on the Yarudora series. On August 31, 2001, Sony Computer Entertainment made an official announcement that Surveillance Kanshisha would be created for the PlayStation 2 with Production I.G working on the animation for the game.
In the 15th Anniversary Production I.G World Tour 2002 in Ginza on April 20 and April 21 of 2002, Surveillance had been unveiled by Production I.G with guests including Mamoru Oshii when the game was announced for a 2002 release.
Promotion.
A movie clip was shown on the internet for free from April 25 to May 14 of 2002 to promote the game to the public from the website of Morrich Club, now a part of Sony Music Online Japan. A Surveillance commercial had aired on SKY PerfecTV! on April 29, 2002 and on TV Tokyo on August 29, 2002.
Media.
A Surveillance Guidebook was released out to the public on May 10, 2002 and was published under Kadokawa Shoten and sold for ¥1,575. The book included information ranging from the story of the game to the production of the game, including pictures of CG graphics used by Production I.G.
Reception.
A review of the game on Dengeki Online had praised the game for the story and the cutscenes that were done by Production I.G, though it criticizes it for having little to no involvement of the players when they play the game. Another pointed out that the game was good for, particularly, the use of the cameras and the animation except that the scenario used for the game's plot was more than sufficient for players not to understand the story.
An article published by Sony Computer Entertainment Japan commented that if the game was animated, the DVDs would have been bought. Furthermore, it also comments on the game's creation was to showcase the capabilities of the PlayStation 2's graphics.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 32 out of 40. Currently, the game holds a score of 72% at PS2GameDounano and a score of 70% in PlayStation Mk2.
The Shadow Sword team was described as being similar to the Policenauts team in Konami's Policenauts.

</doc>
<doc id="19101854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101854" title="Mechelle Lewis">
Mechelle Lewis

Mechelle Lewis, (born September 20, 1980) to Eddie and Chandra Lewis in Washington, D.C., is an American track and field athlete who specializes in the 100 meters and 4x100 meter relay. Mechelle, an Oxon Hill, Maryland native, was a 2007 Pan American double Silver Medalist, 2007 World Champion and 2008 USA Olympian.
Lewis represented the United States at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China. She competed on the 4x100 meter relay together with Angela Williams, Torri Edwards and Lauryn Williams. In their first round heat they were however disqualified and eliminated.
Through motivational speaking, Mechelle is committed to inspiring others to acknowledge, understand and reach their full potential and serve as a vessel in helping raise a healthier generation of American youth. She has a prestigious client list including, the Girl Scouts, Duke Children's Hospital and Health Center, YMCA, and Anulex Technologies. Mechelle was the Commencement Speaker at the 2009 Graduation for Thomas A. Edison High School (Fairfax County, Virginia).
Mechelle is also a committed member of the Delta Sigma Theta sorority, Raleigh Alumnae Chapter and is currently training for the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Younger Years.
Raised in Fort Washington, Maryland, Mechelle is the youngest of a set of twin girls. Both were highly active and successful in sports at a young age taking on basketball and soccer. They spent their summers competing in AAU basketball tournaments and their fall seasons winning soccer championships for the Oxon Hill Boys & Girls Club. Ironically however, after easily winning all of her events at a track meet held during her 8th grade P.E. class, Mechelle was approached by a high school scout who told her that she should look into taking on track and field. Once in high school, Mechelle and her sister would make one of the most significant decisions in their lives and decided to quit basketball to begin their Track & Field career.
High school.
Mechelle really came into her own as an athlete at Oxon Hill High School. Lettering in both soccer and track, the decision to take running seriously would propel her to becoming a Maryland state record holder, where she held the state record in the 55m for 3 years with a time of 6.94s. Mechelle was also the 300m regional champion and the MVP of her high school indoor and outdoor track team three years in a row. She made the Prince George's County All-County Team three years as well as the All-Metropolitan team, representing the best select few athletes in the Maryland, DC, and Northern Virginia area. Her high school track team was third in the county three times and finished in the top three twice at the state championships. Mechelle's 4x400m relay team won the state title three consecutive years and came in third at the National High School Indoor Track & Field Championships in 1997. With nationally recognized success, Mechelle also brought home championships competing in the USATF Junior Olympics for the Rising Stars track club. Mechelle kept busy off the track as well, winning Homecoming queen her senior year and operating in her role as the Senior Class Vice President. She also enjoyed playing in the band, mastering both the flute and the oboe. After going through a rigorous process of elimination, both Mechelle and her sister chose to run track at the University of South Carolina where they both received full scholarships to do so.
College Years.
Lewis attended the University of South Carolina, from 1998-2004 where she obtained her Bachelors and Masters Degrees in Mass Communications. She was a three-time All-American athlete in the 60m, 200m, and the 4x100m relay. She held the school record in the 55m for two years with a time of 6.84s. Mechelle also competed on the team that brought the first national championship in any sport to her school when her team won the 2002 Track & Field Outdoor Championships. She accompanied the team to the White House to meet President Bush for the honor. In the classroom, Lewis received the Highest GPA honor in her freshman class at the University of South Carolina with a 4.0 GPA and went on to graduate with honors. She was also honored as one of the 2002 "Top 25 Most Promising Minority Students" in the country from the American Advertising Federation during her senior year.
After College.
Mechelle graduated from college "cum laude" with a 3.6 GPA, and from graduate school with a 3.8 GPA. After experiencing several injuries in college, she left sports to pursue a business career. She moved to New York City and worked at one of the world's top advertising agencies, Young & Rubicam, serving Xerox and the United Negro College Fund.
After two years at Young & Rubicam, Mechelle decided to return her focus to track and field; she relocated to North Carolina to begin a fully committed training regimen. Although briefly sidelined by further injuries, Mechelle rebounded and went on to become a 2007 Pan American double Silver Medalist, 2007 World Champion, and 2008 Olympian.
USA Track & Field.
2008 Olympics.
Sponsored by Nike, Xerox, Lifestyle Family Fitness and Young & Rubicam in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Lewis competed in the 4x100m with USA teammates Angela Williams, Torri Edwards and Lauryn Williams. However, they were disqualified after a missed hand-off in the semifinal between teammates Torri Edwards and Lauryn Williams.
2010 USATF Annual Meeting.
In December, Mechelle was elected to serve as the USATF Elite Athlete Communications Liaison, as well as the USATF Athletes Advisory Committee Women's Sprints Event Leader. Mechelle is excited about her new role as she gears up for the 2011 season.
Off the Track.
Outside of track & field, Mechelle uses her platform, Do It Afraid!, to encourage individuals to recognize their self-worth and
move forward in life facing their fears head on. Mechelle is also involved with Athletes for Hope. She enjoys hosting and speaking at events, participating in fitness clinics, and advocating for healthy-living awareness.
Her mission is to enable individuals to be transformed throughout their mind, body and spirit by providing essential knowledge and exposure to prepare individuals to live overall healthy lives. Mechelle is also a certified Zumba Instructor.
References.
Mechelle Lewis also has her own website, www.mechellelewis.com

</doc>
<doc id="19101858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101858" title="Jeannette Eyerly">
Jeannette Eyerly

Jeannette Eyerly (June 7, 1908 – August 18, 2008) was a writer of Young-adult fiction for girls and a columnist. She was a pioneer in dealing with controversial topics in novels for young people. Among the themes that appeared in her books were teenage pregnancy, alcohol abuse, and drug use. She penned eighteen novels, starting with "More Than a Summer Love" in 1962, though she had published many short stories before that. Her 1977 novel, "He's My Baby, Now" was the basis for an ABC television movie. She also wrote two books of verse.
Born Jeannette Hyde in Topeka, Kansas to Robert Cornelius Hyde and Mabel Jeannette Young, she married Frank Eyerly in 1932. Eyerly earned a bachelor's degree in English from the University of Iowa in 1930. Her papers are archived at the University of Iowa.
Bibliography.
Jeannette Eyerly wrote 21 books or short stories. She was an excellent writer and author.

</doc>
<doc id="19101863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101863" title="Sylvia's Meadow">
Sylvia's Meadow

Sylvia's Meadow, a Site of Special Scientific Interest, is a nature reserve owned and managed by Cornwall Wildlife Trust. It is a herb rich, site situated near Gunnislake, in East Cornwall, United Kingdom.
History.
During World War II a US military camp was situated in Sylia's Meadow which housed only white American armed forces personnel. Black American airmen were billeted in an adjacent field. Since then the land has been left unploughed and unimproved. In this respect Sylvia's Meadow is virtually unique to Cornwall.
The meadow was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1992.
The reserve is named after a previous owner's daughter.
Flora and fauna.
Sylvia's Meadow is an example of unimproved herb-rich pasture land containing some rare plant species. It is famed for the orchids that grow there, which include the Lesser Butterfly Orchid and Heath Spotted Orchid. Other species found here include: Autumn Ladies'-tresses, Sneezewort, Yellow Rattle and Bird's Foot Trefoil.
Butterflies that may be seen include The Wall, Orange Tip, Dingy Skipper and the Common Blue. Reptile sightings include the Common Lizard and the Slow Worm.

</doc>
<doc id="19101864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101864" title="Daniel Martí">
Daniel Martí

Daniel Martí Lluch (born 23 April 1973 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a retired Spanish pole vaulter. His personal best jump was 5.70 metres, achieved in June 1994 in Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="19101866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101866" title="Kálfafell">
Kálfafell

"Not to be confused with another hamlet with the same name in the municipality of Skaftárhreppur"
Kálfafell is a hamlet in south east Iceland, near the Vatnajökull glacier. It is in the municipality of Hornafjörður.

</doc>
<doc id="19101870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101870" title="Javier García">
Javier García

Javier García may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19101879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101879" title="Desislava of Bulgaria">
Desislava of Bulgaria

Desislava of Bulgaria () was the daughter of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and his second wife Theodora, a converted Jewish woman. Desislava was the sister of tsar Ivan Shishman and tsar Ivan Sratsimir. Her sister Keratsa-Maria was the wife of the Byzantine emperor Andronikos IV Palaiologos. Desislava's half sister Kera Tamara was married to the Ottoman sultan Murad I.
Desislava was married to Constantine, a Wallachian prince.

</doc>
<doc id="19101894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101894" title="Today (Indian newspaper)">
Today (Indian newspaper)

Today is defunct afternoon newspaper from the India Today Group. Founded on 29 April 2002. It was replaced by a newspaper called Mail Today, which is published by a joint venture with Daily Mail(part of the Associated Newspapers group).

</doc>
<doc id="19101900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101900" title="Anne Cibis">
Anne Cibis

Anne Cibis (née Möllinger; born 27 September 1985 in Worms) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Germany.
Cibis represented Germany at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4 × 100 metres relay together with Verena Sailer, Cathleen Tschirch and Marion Wagner. In their first round heat they placed third behind Jamaica and Russia and in front of China. Their time of 43.59 seconds was the eighth time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they qualified for the final in which they sprinted to a time of 43.28 seconds for fifth place.

</doc>
<doc id="19101902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101902" title="Joseph Malta">
Joseph Malta

Joseph Malta (November 27, 1918 – January 6, 1999) was the United States Army hangman who, with Master Sergeant John C. Woods, carried out the Nuremberg executions of ten former top leaders of the Third Reich on October 16, 1946 after they were sentenced to death during the Nuremberg Trials. Malta was a 28-year-old military policeman when he volunteered for the job. He ultimately hanged a total of 60 Nazi government and military leaders. A floor sander in civilian life, Malta left the Army in 1947 and returned to his former job. "It was a pleasure doing it," noted Malta in 1996, echoing the sentiments of his colleague Woods. Malta was born in Revere, Massachusetts

</doc>
<doc id="19101923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101923" title="Bikini in popular culture">
Bikini in popular culture

The bikini appears in competitions, films, magazines, music, literature, magazines and even video games. Despite the easy availability of more revealing glamor imagery, bikini modeling remains popular and can still stir controversy. Portrayals of the bikini in popular culture led, to a large extent, to its acceptance by Western society at large. In 1960, Brian Hyland's pop song "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini" inspired a bikini-buying spree. The white bikini worn by Ursula Andress as Honey Ryder in the 1962 James Bond film "Dr. No" has been cited as the most famous bikini of all time and an iconic moment in cinematic and fashion history. By 1963, the movie "Beach Party", starring Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon, led a wave of films that made the bikini a pop-culture symbol. "Playboy" first featured a bikini on its cover in 1962. The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue debuted two years later. This increasing popularity was reinforced by its appearance in contemporary movies like "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini" featuring Annette Funicello and "One Million Years B.C" featuring Raquel Welch. Hollywood stars like Marilyn Monroe, Jayne Mansfield, Gina Lollobrigida and Jane Russell helped the growing popularity of bikinis further. Pin up posters of Monroe and Mansfield, as well as Hayworth, Bardot and Raquel Welch distributed around the world contributed significantly to the popularity of the bikini.
Bikini contest.
A bikini contest is a beauty contest where women compete against each other in bikinis. Bikini contests can take place in bars, nightclubs, strip clubs, on beaches, and at beauty pageants. Related companies regularly sponsor such contests to discover and attract new talents to promote their products. Competitions are held in bars and nightclubs, during intermissions of boxing or wrestling matches, and at car shows. Bodybuilding competitions may also feature bikini contest segments. Contestants often wear sashes indicating where they are from in bikini contests, in line with other beauty pageants. It is becoming more and more common for women to wear bikinis as part of the swimsuit competitions at major pageants. Bikini contests can also take place over the Internet by women submitting pictures of themselves in bikinis. Bikini competitions may be organized or sponsored by companies for marketing purposes. Miss Hawaiian Tropic is organized by Playtex to promote "Hawaiian Tropic", it's suntan lotion. NOPI runs annual "Hot Import Nights" bikini contest, which is held in conjunction with the import car-show in Atlanta, Georgia, and the annual Hooter's bikini competition. 
With plastic surgery becoming affordable, available and socially acceptable more more and contestants in bikini contests, like Miss Hawaiian Tropic, are appearing with breast and lip augmentations. During the Ocean Pacific Pro Surfing Championships in 1983 and in 1986 at Huntington Beach, a disturbance broke out when men tried to pull the bikinis off of women on the beach and at a bikini competition. When Mariyah Moten competed in the Miss Bikini of the Universe pageant in Beihai, China in 2006. she was the first Pakistani girl to participate in a bikini pageant. She created an outrage in her home country. She also became the most photographed participant of the contest and won the Best In Media/Miss Press title. A year later she won the title of won 2nd Runner Up in Miss Asia International and Miss Asia World, and was featured on the cover of "Sexy South Asian Girls" 2007 calendar. 
Bikini in major beauty pageants.
Miss World.
In 1951, the first Miss World contest, originally the "Festival Bikini Contest", was organized by Eric Morley as a mid-century advertisement for swimwear at the Festival of Britain. The press welcomed the spectacle and referred to it as "Miss World", and Morley registered the name as a trademark. When, the winner Kiki Håkansson from Sweden, was crowned in a bikini, countries with religious traditions threatened to withdraw delegates. The bikinis were outlawed and evening gowns introduced instead. Håkansson remains the first and last Miss World to be crowned in her bikini, a crowning that was condemned by Pope Pius XII who declared the swimsuit to be sinful. Bikinis were banned from beauty pageants around the world after the controversy.
Bikinis reappeared in later contests amid additional controversy. In the 1970s and 1980s the contest was regularly picketed by feminist protesters, who distributed flyers against the indecency of the contest. The pageant disappeared for a while and in 1996, when the Miss World contest was held in Bangalore, India, dozens of Indian groups who opposed the event claimed that the contest degraded women by featuring them in bikinis. Social activist Subhashini Ali commented, "It's not an IQ test. Neither is it a charity show. It's a beauty contest in which these things have been added on as sops." The protests were so intense that the organizers were finally compelled to shift the venue of the "Swimsuit Round" to Seychelles. Countering these claims, the contest organizer says that the organization has raised ₤300 million for charity in many of the countries where it operates since 2000.
In 2013, the Miss World event is to be hosted by Indonesia, the world's largest Muslim-majority country. The country's top Muslim clerical body, the Indonesian Ulema Council, suggested that the event should be cancelled because it promotes "hedonism, materialism, and consumerism," and is nothing but "an excuse to show women's body parts that should remain covered." The organizers later announced that the bikini would be replaced by one-piece swimsuits and even sarongs, traditional beachwear on the resort island of Bali. Critics accuse the Miss World organizers of caving to extremist pressures. They point out that Bali is a destination for tourists from across the world who often wear minimal swimwear.
Miss Earth.
Vida Samadzai was the 2003 Afghani contestant for the Miss Earth title. She was severely condemned by the both Afghan authorities and community for seeking the title. Samadzai was born in Afghanistan but raised in the United States. She was living in India at the time of the contest. The Afghan Supreme Court banned swimsuit contests and said that appearing naked in beauty contests is completely un-Islamic, and is against Afghan tradition, human honour and dignity. Habiba Sarabi, the Afghan women affairs minister, said Samadzai's semi-naked appearance "is not women's freedom butdon my opinion is to entertain men". Afghanistan's embassy in Washington DC declared that claims by Afghan American Samadzai to represent Afghanistan is baseless. Samadzai, the second woman to be crowned Miss Afghanistan after Zohra Daoud's crowning in 1972, received a number of death threats and had to be under the protection of FBI for three months. She said she was a bit uncomfortable wearing the "70s style red bikini" and was aware of the risks involved. Curiously, when Samdzai's compatriot Zallascht Sadat won the crown of Miss Deutschland 2010, which she kept it through 2011 because the contest was not held that year, wearing a bikini, before going on to become Miss Globe 2012, there was not much controversy.
Miss America.
Era of one-piece swimsuits.
Miss America began as a swimsuit competition between 8 contestants in Atlantic City, New Jersey in 1921 as National Beauty Pageant Tournament, bikinis were dropped from its list of acceptable swimwear in 1947. After the bikini is introduced in Paris in 1946, Miss America contestants are issued identical two-piece swimsuits that clearly show their midriff. The following year, the two-piece swimsuits are replaced with identical cable-knit swimsuits. The pageant grew to include formalwear and talent and its popularity increased. Swimsuits issued by the pageant were nicknamed "bulletproof vests". Two of the 17 swimsuit finalists wore two-piece swimsuits, and Erika Kauffman, representing Hawaii, wore the briefest bikini of all and won the swimsuit competition. In 1949 the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Miss America Bebe Shopp on her visit to Paris said she did not approve the bikini for American girls, though she did not mind French girls wearing them. Feminist protesters protested against that swimsuit in 1960s and 1970s. In 1994 Miss America Organization asked viewers to vote to decide whether to keep the swimsuit round. Viewers overwhelmingly voted to keep it.
Era of bikini.
In 1997, 51 years after the bikini's debut, and 77 years after the Miss America Pageant was founded, the 51 contestants in the contest were, for the first time, allowed to pick their own swimsuits. On September 9, 1997, Miss Maryland Jamie Fox became the first contestant in 50 years to compete in a two-piece swimsuit during the Preliminary Swimsuit Competition at the Miss America Pageant.
Movies.
Beach party films.
Beach Party films were an American 1960s genre of feature films which often starred Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon. Walt Disney reluctantly consented to Funicello, a former main cast member of The Mickey Mouse Club, wearing a bikini. The series was originally intended as a low-budget imitation of both the Elvis Presley musical and the Doris Day sex comedy, aimed at the teen market, but they ended up taking on a life of their own. The "classic" series was produced by American International Pictures (AIP), and imitated in turn by numerous other studios. AIP produced a series of seven beach films:"Beach Party" (1963), "Muscle Beach Party" (1963), "Bikini Beach" (1964), "Pajama Party" (1964), "Beach Blanket Bingo" (1965), "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini" (1965), and "The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini" (1966).
The 1965 AIP film "Ski Party" (with Dwayne Hickman, Yvonne Craig, Lesley Gore and James Brown) is also notable for employing many of the same actors and schticks, only transplanted to a ski resort in the Sawtooth National Forest. Susan Hart, wife of AIP co-founder James H. Nicholson, was in "The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini" and "Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine" as well as two non-AIP beach films, 'For Those Who Think Young' and "Ride the Wild Surf".
The 1996 movie "That Thing You Do!" touches briefly on the phenomenon, with the Wonders making an appearance in a fictional beach party movie, "Weekend at Party Pier". A 2001 episode of "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" ("Beach Blanket Bizarro") also paid homage to the series, with Avalon appearing as himself. Avalon and Funicello starred in Paramount Pictures "Back to the Beach" in 1987, playing off their original roles and subsequent careers. Kelly Killoren Bensimon wrote in "The Bikini Book", "It was really all about Annette Funicello. If the girl next door wanted to wear a bikini, then everybody wanted to wear a bikini. We didn't want to be a bad Bond girl. We all really wanted to be the good girl."
Iconic film bikinis.
In 1962, an icon was born as Bond Girl Ursula Andress emerged from the sea wearing a white bikini in "Dr. No". The "Dr. No" bikini scene has been quoted as one of the most memorable scenes from the British spy film series. That white bikini has been described as a "defining moment in the sixties liberalization of screen eroticism". It is regarded as one of the most important bikinis in history as sales of the two piece bikini rocketed after the appearance of Andress in "Dr. No". Channel 4 declared it the top bikini moment in film history, Virgin Media puts it ninth in its top ten, and top in the Bond girls. "The Herald" (Glasgow) put the scene as best ever on the basis of a poll. British Broadcasting Corporation observed, "So iconic was the look that it was repeated 40 years later by Halle Berry in the Bond movie "Die Another Day"." In a survey of 1000 women to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the bikini, Ursula Andress in her white bikini was voted "The Ultimate Bikini Goddess".
It also helped shape the career of Ursula Andress, and the look of the quintessential Bond movie. Andress said that she owed her career to that white bikini, remarking, "This bikini made me into a success. As a result of starring in "Dr. No" as the first Bond girl, I was given the freedom to take my pick of future roles and to become financially independent." Because of the shocking effect from how revealing it was at the time, she got referred to by the joke nickname "Ursula Undress". In 2001, the Dr. No bikini worn by Andress in the film sold at auction for US$61,500.
Raquel Welch wore a fur bikini in "One Million Years B.C." (1966) that made her an instant pin-up girl. Welch was featured in the studio's advertising as "wearing mankind's first bikini" and the bikini was later described as a "definitive look of the 1960s". She was strategically promoted to increase the value of the film by repeating "Raquel Welch in a fur bikini" five times in the trailer making it the reason to watch the film. Her role wearing the leather bikini raised Welch to a fashion icon and the photo of her in the bikini became a best-selling pinup poster. One author said, "although she had only three lines in the film, her luscious figure in a fur bikini made her a star and the dream girl of millions of young moviegoers". When Phoebe Cates dropped her red bikini in teen film "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" (1982), it became "the most memorable bikini-drop in cinema history." The bikini scenes in "B.C." and "Fast Times" were ranked 86 and 84 in Channel 4 (UK)'s list of the 100 Greatest Sexy Moments in Film. In 2011, "Time" listed both Welch's "B.C." and Cates' "Ridgemont High" bikinis in the "Top Ten Bikinis in Pop Culture".
The promotional cinema poster for "For Your Eyes Only (film)" (1981), the twelfth spy film in the James Bond series, featured a woman holding a crossbow photographed from behind in a bikini bottom with half of her buttocks exposed. Morgan Kane, the photographer, achieved the skimpy look bay making model wear her bikini bottom backwards. The poster caused some furore—largely in the US—with "The Boston Globe" and the "Los Angeles Times" edited out everything above the knee, while the "Pittsburgh Press" editors painted a pair of shorts over the legs. There was significant speculation as to identity of the model with three models claimed the thighs in question — Nancy Stafford, Jane Sumner and Joyce Bartle — before photographer Morgan Kane identified the model to be Bartle, though the arm holding a crossbow belongs to Sumner.
In the 1983 film "Return of the Jedi", Princess Leia (played by Carrie Fisher) wears a metal bikini, an iconic slave girl costume often imitated by female fans at "Star Wars" conventions. The metal string bikini consisted of a patterned copper brassiere with a curved, plunging neckline that fastened behind the neck and back with string. The thong bottom had copper plates at the groin in front and back partially covered by a red silk loincloth. Leia wore high leather boots, a hair fastener that positioned her braided ponytail to cascade over her right shoulder, two bracelets, and a snake arm-wrap. She also wore a chain and collar that bound her to Jabba the Hutt, her captor, which she used to kill him. The costume was made of brass and was so uncomfortable that actress Carrie Fisher described it as "what supermodels will eventually wear in the seventh ring of hell." The slave Leia costume has been elevated to pop culture icon status, spawning various spoofs and parodies (notably the episode of "Friends", "The One with the Princess Leia Fantasy") and even a dedicated fansite.
Actresses kicking butt in bikini in movies like "" and "Blue Crush" have made the two-piece, according to Gina Bellafonte of "The New York Times", "the millennial equivalent of the power suit." The "Full Throttle" scene showing actress Demi Moore walking out of the ocean wearing a bikini was credited with reviving her career. In the film "Varsity Blues" (1999), Ali Larter attempts to seduce James Van Der Beek sporting a "bikini" made of whipped cream over her otherwise naked body. In the film "Not Another Teen Movie", Chris Evans tries to recreate that scene.
Bikini films.
"Bikini Bloodbath" (2006), "Bikini Cavegirl" (2004), "Bikini Planet" (2002), "Bikini Bandits" (2002, featuring Dee Dee Ramone) ' (2001, featuring the The Swedish Bikini Team), the bikini car wash series including "The Bikini Carwash Company" (1992) and "The Bikini Carwash Company II" (1993), the Bikini Summer series including "Bikini Summer" (1991), "Bikini Summer II" (1992), ' (1997), "Bikini Island" (1991), "Dangerous Curves" (1988), "Slave Girls from Beyond Infinity" (1987), "The Malibu Bikini Shop" (1986), "It's a Bikini World" (distributed by AIP, 1967), "Operation Bikini" (produced by AIP, 1963, featuring Frankie Avalon), and "Bikini Baby" (1951) are some of the many films with plotlines revolving around the bikini.
Among non-English films "Yit long kau oi jin" (US title: "Beach Spike", Hong Kong, 2011), "Bikinisesongen" (US title: "The bikini season", Norway, 1994), "Poveri ma belli" (UK title: "A Girl in Bikini", Italy, 1957), and "Manina, la fille sans voiles" (US title: "Manina, the Girl in the Bikini", France, 1952, featuring Brigitte Bardot) are some of the films that revolve around the bikini.
Music.
As people with roots in the Indian subcontinent who reside in the Caribbean were more receptive of the bikini than people of their original homeland, bikinis remain a repeating theme in Calypso music ("Whole day she jumping shamelessly/In a tiny little bikini" etc.). Australian pop-rock band Screaming Bikini (led by Sarah McLeod), Hungarian rock band Bikini, American dance-rock band Bikini Robot Army, punk rock band Bikini Kill and Los Angeles, California based electro-pop duo Cherry Bikini — all had names inspired by the bikini. In 1997 the French-German Electronic band Stereo Total released an album named "Monokini". Spanish rock band Hombres G released its seventh album "Historia del bikini" in 1992. In 1994, "Martinis and Bikinis", the seventh (studio) album from American singer-songwriter Sam Phillips, came out. Dutch breakcore musician Bong-Ra released his album "Bikini Bandits, Kill! Kill! Kill!" in 2003.
Songs.
"Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini", a single written by Paul Vance and Lee Pockriss, has become a part of the history of the bikini. Released on August 8, 1960, it was also the first single sung by Brian Hyland to enter Billboard Hot 100. The song features in 1961 Billy Wilder film comedy "One, Two, Three", as well as films like "Sister Act 2" and "Revenge of the Nerds II". It also features in commercials for Yoplait light yogurt, YWCA, and TV Easy magazine. "Do The Bikini Dance", a single by Dee Dee Ramone, was released on the day Ramones were inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame in 2002. In the Gang of Four song "I Found That Essence Rare", the Bikini is suggested to be "...dressed for the H-Bomb...". "Bikini Girls with Machine Guns" is an song released by the American garage punk band The Cramps in 1990.
Performances.
MTV Video Music Award (VMA) 2013 had pop stars Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus appearing on stage in bikinis. Gaga appeared in a white seashell string bikini and Cyrus in a flesh colored latex bikini. Pop star Britney Spears, who won a Celebuzz poll as the best bikini body over Kate Upton, Jessica Alba and Holly Madison and stripped down a to black bikini in Late Show Top Ten List hosted by David Letterman, performed at VMA 2007 in a rhinestone bikini. Pop star Beyoncé Knowles, winner of the VH1 celebrity bikini award in 2012, appeared on the cover of "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" (February 2013) and modeled for H&M bikini line (Summer 2013), including a black two-piece bikini with tassels that she helped design.
Music videos.
Pop stars Nicki Minaj and Rihanna donned bikinis for the music videos in 2012. Minaj wore a neon pink bikini for "Starships" and Rihanna wore a micro bikini for "Where Have You Been".
Magazines.
Since 1964 "Sports Illustrated" publishes an annual swimsuit issue featuring bikini-clad fashion models on the cover and a pictorial section. The issues has become an cultural icon. For the original swimsuit issue, "Sports Illustrated" editor Andre Laguerre asked fashion reporter Jule Campbell to help find a model for the issue. She found Berlin-born fashion model Babette March and featured her on the cover, wearing a white bikini, wading in the surf on Cozumel, Mexico. The issue was the first Swimsuit Issue. The "Swimsuit Issue" became an annual publication of the magazine, featuring fashion models wearing swimwear in exotic locales. Inclusion is considered a stick by which supermodels are measured. In addition, the issue is a media nexus that in 2005 carried $35 million in advertising. 
New issues come out around the middle of February or later. First published in 1964, it is credited with making the bikini a legitimate piece of apparel. The issue that got the most letters was the 1978 issue. The best selling issue was the 25th Anniversary Issue with Kathy Ireland on the cover in 1989. "Media Watch", a feminist newsletter reported protests at the Time-Life Building. Magazines like "Sport" and "Ebony Man" publishes their own versions, while many other magazines imitate the swimsuit issue. "Spin" brings out a parody of the swimsuit issues.
"Urbe Bikini" (UB) is a Venezuelan, "Maxim"-styled monthly created by Urbe's editor-in-chief & creative director, Gabriel Torrelles and publisher, Carlos Lizarralde, who sold the company to Cadena Capriles, the largest publisher in Venezuela. It is the largest circulation glossy in the country and a cultural and circulation phenomenon in itself for more than 10 years. Sports magazines like "Inside Sport" or automotive magazines like the "Lowrider Magazine" regularly features bikini-clad women on the cover to appeal to a predominantly young male audience. In 2006, the Maxim magazine created a wide vinyl-mesh bikini in the desert of southern Nevada, United States featuring Eva Longoria from "Desperate Housewives", claiming that it could be seen from outer space space.
In September 2011, Lilac magazine has become the first Arabic magazine to show a cover with a bikini. The 22 year old model, Huda Naccache, from Haifa, Israel is pictured posing in a black sequinned bikini. "Young Animal" ("Yangu Animaru") is a magazine published by Hakusensha in Japan that features about 288 black and white pulp pages of seinen manga and scantily clad women. wrapped in about 20 slick pages of color photos of teen age girls (pop stars and gravure idols) topless or in bikinis. Editor of the bulletin of Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Jean Rabe resigned the post on June 5, 2013 in the course of a controversy about sexism cover in the image of no. 200 of the "Bulletin", depicting a woman in a scalemail bikini.
Comic books.
Most artists depict Red Sonja, a Marvel Comics character created by Roy Thomas and Barry Windsor-Smith who frequented Conan the Barbarian books and was ranked first in "Comics Buyer's Guide's" "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list, wearing a very brief bikini-like costume of scale mail, usually with boots and gauntlets. Ghita, another character created by Frank Thorne after he ceased work on Marvel Comics' Red Sonja, was drawn both in and out of her armored bikini in the "adults only" graphic novel "Ghita of Alizarr" published by Eros Comix. The chain mail bikini of Red Sonja remains a recurring theme in cosplay and comics conventions.
Comic book writer and artist Mike Grell designed the character Shadow Lass in the series Legion of Superheroes wearing a shiny black bikini as the costume for DC Comics. During his leadership, another Legion character Saturn Girl wore a pink bikini as her costume which she continued till 1982. Writer-artist Budd Root created Cavewoman for Basement Comics, a voluptuous barefoot jungle goddess in a snakeskin bikini.
Darna, a character created by writer Mars Ravelo and artist Nestor Redondo for Filipino comics publisher Mango Comics, consistently wore a variation of her classic costume of red bikini with a gold star in each brassiere cap. Rulah, Jungle Goddess, a comic book character created by Matt Baker for Fox Feature Syndicate, wore a bikini made from the skin of a dead giraffe. Kiani, a supporting character of "Fathom", a comic book series created by artist Michael Turner for Aspen Comics is traditionally seen wearing only her bikini with barrier reef adornments.
Art and entertainment.
Books.
The "Bikini Planet" is a science fiction comedy written by David S. Garnett and released exclusively in the UK as a paperback. It was written as a sub-sequel to an earlier story by Garnett in 1994, entitled "Stargonauts", and features some of its settings and characters.
Dance.
Go-go dancers perform as a dancer to fast, energetic, popular music are employed to entertain crowds in places such as barss, nightclubs and discotheques in a sexually exciting manner while wearing very little clothing, often a bikini. Go-go dancing originated in the early 1960s, by some accounts when women at the Peppermint Lounge in New York City began to get up on tables and dance the twist. Other accounts claim that go-go dancing originated at, and was named for, the very popular South L.A. rock club Whiskey A Go Go which opened in January of 1964. Many 1960s-era clubgoers wore miniskirts and knee-high, high-heeled boots, which eventually came to be called go-go boots, to night clubs. On June 19, 1964, 
Carol Doda, a 26 years old Go-go dancer of Condor Club in San Francisco, California, the Condor's publicist, "Big" Davy Rosenberg gave Doda a "monokini" topless swimsuit designed by Rudi Gernreich. She performed topless that night, the first noted entertainer of the era to do so. The act was an instant success. Two months after she started her semi-nude performances, the rest of San Francisco's Broadway was topless, followed soon after by entertainers across America. In 2012, the city of San Antonio amended its city ordinances dealing with "sexually oriented businesses" redefining "nudity" to include "a state of dress that fails to completely and opaquely cover...the entire female breast". Whereas female dancers had previously been able to avoid being classified as "nude" by wearing pasties over their nipples, the new law required that they wear at minimum a bra or bikini top.
Games.
The "Bikini Karate Babes" is a digitized 2D fighting game developed by Creative Edge Studios. It features an all-female cast of 19 fighters, all clad in bikinis and played by real actresses. ' (for Wii ) and ' (for Xbox 360) are two games in the OneChanbara series developed by Tamsoft, featrung ample female flesh, gore and violence. In the game "Poxnora", all the women wear bikini-like clothing.
Television.
"Bikini News" is a series of satirical news videos featuring two comediennes performing in bikinis in a comedic style similar to The Daily Show and Saturday Night Live available in podcast and vodcast form, as well as in mov and wmv file formats. As of October 2007, over 90 episodes and 80 bloopers/sketches have been created. "NCIS", an American police procedural television series revolving around a fictional team of special agents, had an episode on "Bikini Wax" (18th episode, 2nd season). "Bikini Destinations" is a travel show on HDNet that takes bikini clad anchors to places where bikini is a common wear.
"Bikini Barbershop" is an American reality show on AXS TV featuring female hair stylists, at work, wearing only bikinis. 
"Bikini Bottom" is a city that appears in the Nickelodeon animated television series, "SpongeBob SquarePants". Located at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, it is where the series' main characters live, and where most of the episodes take place.
Theater.
In Nissim Ezekiel's one act Indian English moral play "The Song of Deprivation", the protagonist becomes a "different woman altogether" as she takes off her bikini and gets into a sari.
Modeling.
When Jayne Mansfield and her husband Miklós Hargitay toured for stage shows, newspapers wrote that Mansfield convinced the rural population that she owned more bikinis than anyone. She showed a fair amount of her bust, as well as her midriff and legs, in the leopard-spot bikini she wore for her stage shows. Kathryn Wexler of "The Miami Herald" wrote, "In the beginning as we know it, there was Jayne Mansfield. Here she preens in leopard-print or striped bikinis, sucking in air to showcase her well noted physical assets." Her leopard-skin bikini remains one of the earlier specimens of the fashion.
The Swedish Bikini Team was a group of American female models who appeared in an advertising campaign for Old Milwaukee beer. These commercials ran for several months in 1991 in the United States, playing with American stereotype of blonde and big breasted Scandinavian women. Feminist activists found the ads misogynistic. Though the campaign generated widespread interest, the advertisements were dropped after protests by the National Organization for Women and female employees of the Pabst Brewing Company. The Swedish BIkini Team featured in the 2001 film "".
Liana K, the Canadian co-host of "Ed & Red's Night Party" and an well-known cosplayer appeared at 2008 Calgary Comic & Entertainment Expo dressed in Princess Leia's slave girl outfit.
Services.
Airlines.
In February 1964, Scandinavian Airlines placed an advertisement in newspapers and magazines throughout America. It featured a bikini-clad blonde model exposing her bellybutton posing on a rock above the caption "What to show your wife in Scandinavia." The image that appeared in most publications had the belly button removed to conform to the regulations.
Ultra-cheap UK airline Ryanair publishes its Annual Charity Calender featuring the Cabin crew in bikinis. But when Thai low cost airline Nok Air ran a Facebook contest featuring models from the men's magazine "Maxim" dressed in yellow bikinis, the brand color of the airline, the Thai Ministry of Culture spoke against it for focussing on Thailand's bad reputation. In Russia that same year, the top airline Aeroflot and low cost airline Avianova stirred up a row over bikinis in 2010. Aeroflot published a calnder featuring bikini clad and naked women holding wings, while Avianova's promotional YouTube video showing a model in bikini washing its plane became a hit.
In Vietnam, VietJetAir organized a bikini contest show on its inaugural flight in December 2011, and when a video of the show became a hit on YouTube the airline was fined by the country's Civil Aviation Administration in August 2012 for "local aviation regulations". In 2009, Southwest Airlines of United States ran a Boeing 737 with a picture of swimsuit model Bar Refaeli wearing a bikini painted on the fuselage. In Bolivia, Colombian lingerie company Ronied ran a promotional fashion show of bikini and lingerie wearing models on board a state airline Boliviana de Aviación (BoA) plane during a commercial flight from La Paz to Cochabamba in 2010.
Bars.
"Twin Peaks", a chain of sports bars and restaurants (colloquially referred to as breastaurants) based in Dallas, Texas, is known for having its waitresses dress in revealing uniforms that consist of cleavage- and midriff-revealing red plaid (or sometimes black bikini) tops and khaki short shorts. "Your Coffee Cups" a coffee shop based in the Warm Springs district of Fremont, California, had baristas wear bikinis. It served coffee available in "B cup" (12 oz), "C cup" (16 oz), and "D cup" (20 oz) sizes. "Bikinis Sports Bar & Grill", chain of sports bars and restaurants primarily located in Texas, is known for its scantily clad waitresses, whose uniforms consist of bikini tops, cowboy boots, and tight, short denim shorts. The chain is also known for trademarking the term "breastaurant" and purchasing a ghost town that was subsequently renamed "Bikinis, Texas". The waitresses at the Molokai Bar of Mai-Kai Restaurant, a tiki-themed restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, Florida are attired in bikini tops and wraparound sarongs.
Cafes.
Bikini baristas prepare and servescoffee dressed in scanty attire such as a bikini or lingerie. In the United States, this marketing trend (sometimes referred to as sexpresso or bareista) originated in the Seattle, Washington area in the early 2000s. Similar phenomena have appeared in countries such as Chile and Japan since at least the 1980s. At "café con piernas" ("coffee with legs") style of coffee shops popular in Chile the female service staff wears bikini, lingerie or mini skirts with high heels and often walk on a raised ramp behind the bar counter. Three well known café con piernas chains in Chile are 'Cafe do Brasil", "Cafe Caribe" and "Cafe Haiti". Bikini bars Go-go bars are striptease establishments where the female performer or Go-go dancers' breasts and genital area typically remain covered for the duration of their performance.
Car wash.
Bikini car washes are warm-weather events which serve as fund raisers for a school, sport association (such as roller derby or auto racing) youth organization or charity, or as commercial promotion. Women in bikinis promote the event by standing on a roadside with colorful cardboard signs or posters, or wash the cars. Hooters restaurants have bikini car washes in the summer to attract customers. It was the theme for comedy films "The Bikini Carwash Company" (1992, director Ed Hansen) and "The Bikini Carwash Company II" (1993).
Online.
The project was spawned by an initial hoax movement in January 2014, which attempted to popularize the "bikini bridge" as a trend on social media. As an extension of the thigh gap trend, a bikini bridge consists of a bikini bottom suspended between a woman's hips, exposing a "bridge" on the pelvis. Users of the 4chan board "/b/" posted manipulated images, fake celebrity testimonials, and other content relating to bikini bridges on social networks such as Instagram, Tumblr and Twitter. After generating interest from others, they began to circulate the content on "parts of the Internet known to be biased on the subject of weight" to provoke negative reactions. The meme attracted media attention with some outlets initially reporting on it as if it were an actual trend, such as the "Daily Mail", who dubbed it a "disturbing new selfie fad".

</doc>
<doc id="19101928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101928" title="Social dangerousness">
Social dangerousness

Social dangerousness or Pre-criminal danger to society is a legal charge under Cuban law which allows the authorities to detain people whom they think are likely to commit crimes. The charge carries a penalty of up to four years in prison. The Cuban government has been accused by Amnesty International of using the charge almost exclusively against critics of the government.
People that have been imprisoned under this charge include:
In 2008, the punk rock singer and dissident Gorki Águila was arrested by police on a charge of social dangerousness. He was eventually ordered to pay a $30 fine for the lesser offence of public disorder, after prosecutors dropped the charge of social dangerousness.

</doc>
<doc id="19101938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101938" title="Electoral district of Cannington">
Electoral district of Cannington

Cannington is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia.
The district is based in the inner southern suburbs of Perth.
Cannington is a safe Labor seat. Based on the results of the 2005 state election, the district was created with a Labor Party majority of 63.3% to 36.7% versus the Liberal Party.
Geography.
Based in the southern suburbs of Perth, the district straddles both sides of the Canning River. It includes most of Cannington, as well as East Cannington, Beckenham, Queens Park, Wilson, Lynwood, Langford, most of Ferndale and part of Thornlie.
History.
Cannington was first contested at the 2008 state election. It was a new seat created as a result of the one vote one value reforms. Its territory north of the Canning River was constructed from parts of Victoria Park and Kenwick, whilst territory south of the Canning River came from Riverton and Southern River.

</doc>
<doc id="19101947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101947" title="GeoEye-2">
GeoEye-2

GeoEye-2 is a planned third generation commercial Earth observation satellite, from GeoEye, not currently scheduled to launch. The satellite will have a resolution of 34 cm, making it the highest resolution commercial Earth observation satellite in orbit, once it has been launched. However, restrictive licensing by the US government makes it likely that only the US government and some of its allies will have access to imagery at the full design resolution - all other users will have to make do with imagery at the highest resolution that the US government licenses for other users - 20 inches (50.8 cm).
The imaging sensor will be manufactured by ITT Exelis, and the satellite owned by GeoEye.
GeoEye-2 will join two other GeoEye-managed satellites, GeoEye-1 and IKONOS, already in orbit. Assuming that both these satellites continue to operate, this will give GeoEye three sub-metre satellites in orbit, and the ability to offer its customers daily revisits. RapidEye already provides this capability on a commercial basis, but its satellites only offer 5 metre resolution. 
Lockheed Martin, the builder of IKONOS, has been selected as the builder of the satellite platform over General Dynamics the builder of GeoEye-1. General Dynamics lost money on the fixed contract for GeoEye-1 and could not come to terms with GeoEye.
As of February 2013, following the merger of GeoEye and DigitalGlobe, GeoEye-2 will be held in storage until needed.

</doc>
<doc id="19101986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101986" title="Pussycat c'est la vie">
Pussycat c'est la vie

"Pussycat c'est la vie" is a single by the French band Anarchic System, released in 1974, from their first album. 
Track listing.
"Pussycat c'est la vie" (P de Senneville, O. Toussaint, J.L. Detry) — 
"Rock and roll is good for you" (P. de Senneville, O. Toussaint) — 
Personnel.
Arrangements and musicians directed by Hervé Roy
Distribution.
for France : Delphine Records index catalog 64 007, Distribution Discodis

</doc>
<doc id="19101991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101991" title="Siemens Modular Metro">
Siemens Modular Metro

The Siemens Modular Metro is a family of electric multiple unit trains for rapid transit systems produced by Siemens Transportation Systems and used by rail operators around the world. The vehicle concept was launched in Vienna in 2000 and is a modular concept allowing many variants of metro vehicles. Previously known as Modular Mobility, Siemens still uses the abbreviation Mo.Mo.
Technology.
The train is designed for use on systems in the 20,000 to 60,000 passengers/hour range. The design of the train bodies is by Porsche Design. Modules in the system include various vehicle ends, doors, gangways, roof-mounted air-conditioning, and interiors. Many combinations of motor cars and trailers are possible, with individual vehicle lengths from 17 to 25 metres and widths from 2.6 to 3.2 metres. Stainless steel or aluminium construction is available, in three cross-sections: straight sidewalls, sidewalls sloping at 3 degrees, and contoured.
Design Origins.
The bodies of the trains evolved from the 1993 DT2 Series used in the Nuremberg U-Bahn whose design in turn came from production of the A Series built for the nearby Munich U-Bahn, but now also used in Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19102052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102052" title="Fagurhólsmýri">
Fagurhólsmýri

Fagurhólsmýri () is a small village in southern Iceland, located roughly ten kilometres south of the Oraefajokull volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="19102057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102057" title="Moscow Bureau for Human Rights">
Moscow Bureau for Human Rights

The Moscow Bureau for Human Rights () is Russian human rights monitoring non-governmental organization, which is headed by Alexander Brod.
The Bureau publishes monitoring materials of the violation of human rights in Russia, carries out educational programs, holds press-conferences. The Bureau won a European Commission grant to conduct project "Public Campaign to Combat Racism, Xenophobia, Anti-Semitism, and Ethnic Discrimination in the Multinational Russian Federation".
The Public Council of the Bureau includes Alla Gerber, Leonid Zhukhovitsky, Alexander Rekemchuk, Mark Rozovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="19102065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102065" title="Eric Hudson">
Eric Hudson

Eric Hudson (b. October 15, 1986) is a South Orange, New Jersey native and Grammy award-winning music producer. Born to father Curt Hudson, songwriter/producer (most notably Co-writer of "Holiday" co-written with Eric's mother Singer/songwriter Lisa Stevens). He went to Columbia High School in South Orange, NJ and graduated in 2004.
Partial discography.
2006.
Omarion - "21"
John Legend - "Once Again"
Mila J. - Single
Ne-Yo - "Because of You"
Mary J. Blige - "Reflections (A Retrospective)"
2007.
B5 - "Don't Talk, Just Listen"
Lloyd - "Street Love"
Beanie Sigel - "The Solution"
Kanye West - "Graduation"
Kevin Michael - "kevin Michael"
Chris Brown - "Exclusive
Leona Lewis - "Spirit"
Trey Songz - "Trey Day"
Mary J. Blige - "Growing Pains
2008.
Brandy - "Meet The Browns Soundtrack"
Cheri Dennis - "In and out of Love"
Tiffany Evans- "Tiffany Evans
Raven-Symoné - "Raven-Symoné"
Cherish - "The Truth"
Jesse McCartney - "Departure"
Nas - "Untitled Nas album
Lloyd - "Lessons in Love"
London
2009.
"Corbin Bleu" - "Speed Of Light"
Flo Rida - "R.O.O.T.S."
Jadakiss - "The Last Kiss"
Trey Songz - "Ready"
Whitney Houston - "I Look to You"
Mary J. Blige - "Stronger withEach Tear"
Fat Joe - "Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2)"
Mario - D.N.A.
Amerie - "In Love & War"
Brandy - " Unreleased
London - Single
2010.
Brutha
Trey Songz - Passion, Pain & Pleasure
Jamie Foxx - Best Night of My Life
2011.
Mary J. Blige - 
Professor Green - At Your Inconvenience
Trey Songz - "Inevitable" 
2012.
Jesse McCartney - "Have It All"
Tank - This Is How I Feel
Rick Ross - "God Forgives, I Don't"
Trey Songz - "Chapter V"
Bridget Kelly 
Keyshia Cole - Woman to Woman
2013.
Justine Skye - Everyday Living - EP
RaVaughn - Single
K. Michelle - "Rebellious Soul"
August Alsina - Downtown: Life Under the Gun

</doc>
<doc id="19102066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102066" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1967 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1967 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1967. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1967. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19102074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102074" title="Against the Wall (1994 film)">
Against the Wall (1994 film)

Against the Wall is a 1994 made-for-television drama film starring Samuel L. Jackson and Kyle MacLachlan, directed by John Frankenheimer.
It was shot in Nashville, Clarksville, and the Tennessee State Penitentiary. The film is loosely based on the true story of a prison riot at the Attica Correctional Facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19102076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102076" title="Stop It">
Stop It

"Stop It" is a single of the Anarchic System, released in 1976. This single was a try of the production to maintain the success of the album "Génération".
Track listing.
A Side :<br>
"Stop It" (P. de Senneville, O. Toussaint) — 3:12
B Side :<br>
"A Journey in Tobago" (P. de Senneville, O. Toussaint) — 2:10
Distribution.
for France : Delphine Records index catalog 64020, Distribution Discodis

</doc>
<doc id="19102078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102078" title="Epistemic theory of miracles">
Epistemic theory of miracles

The epistemic theory of miracles is the name given by the philosopher William Vallicella to the theory of miraculous events given by St. Augustine and Baruch Spinoza. According to the theory, there are no events contrary to nature — that is no "transgressions", in Hume's sense, of the laws of nature. An event is a miracle only in the sense that it does not agree with our "understanding" of nature, or fit our picture of nature, or that it thwarts our expectations as to how the world should behave. According to a perfect scientific understanding there would be no miracles at all. 
The name of the theory is derived from the Ancient Greek word , "episteme", meaning "well-founded knowledge".
Augustine's account.
In The City of God, Book XXI, Chapter 8, Augustine quotes Marcus Varro, "Of the Race of the Roman People":
Augustine argues that there can be no true transgression of the laws of nature, because everything that happens according to God's will happens by nature, and a transgression of the laws of nature would therefore happen contrary to God's will. A miracle therefore is not contrary to nature as it really is, but only contrary to nature as our current understanding supposes it to be ("Portentum ergo fit non contra naturam, sed contra quam est nota natura").
For example, if we were to see a man walking on water, and the man really were walking on water, that would not be possible given the laws of nature "as we understand them". (The surface tension of water is not great enough to support a man's weight.) But it is logically possible that our understanding of the laws of nature is incomplete, and that there are special psychophysical laws, unknown to us, that allow certain human beings possessing great powers of concentration to affect by force of will alone the surface tension of water. If that were so in the case of Jesus, there would be nothing truly unnatural about his walking on water.
Spinoza's account.
In Chapter Six of Spinoza's Theologico-Political Treatise ("Of Miracles"), Spinoza claims that the universal laws of nature are decrees of God. Hence, any event happening in nature which contravened nature's universal laws, would necessarily also contravene the Divine decree, nature, and understanding; or if anyone asserted that God acted in contravention to the laws of nature, he, "ipso facto", would be compelled to assert that God acted against His own nature—an evident absurdity. 
In other words, according to Spinoza, miracles are not a transgression of natural or scientific laws, but only of natural laws as we currently understand them. A 'miracle' is simply an events we cannot explain, and is parasitic upon our ignorance. It is, in reality, a natural event that surpasses our limited human comprehension. To a perfect understanding nothing would appear miraculous. This is the first main point that Spinoza makes in his chapter "Of Miracles."
His second point is that neither God's nature, nor his existence can be known from miracles; they can be known only from the fixed and immutable order of nature. If we understand miracles as actual interruptions or contraventions of the order of nature, and so of the will of God, then not only are they impossible, but they can provide no basis for knowledge of God. However, if understand miracles "epistemically", i.e. as events the causes of which we do not understand, then we have no basis for knowledge of God in this case either. We cannot base knowledge of God on ignorance, and events are miraculous only due to our ignorance of their natural causes. 
John Polkinghorne.
The view of particle physicist and theologian John Polkinghorne is somewhat similar. Polkinghorne argues that an apparently simple event like boiling water, where a small quantity of liquid changes into a large quantity of steam (a phase transition) would seem miraculous to someone who had not seen it every day.
Polkinghorne argues that God cannot control things on the macroscopic scale by acting microscopically on each elementary particle in the universe, but that He can act within the framework of chaos theory as "pure spirit". As the complex nonlinear systems of life oscillate back and forth trying to decide which strange attractor to move towards, God intervenes gently in the direction that moves the system where he wishes it to go. See Quantum mysticism.
McLean v. Arkansas.
The epistemic conception of the miraculous does not agree with the definition given in the famous McLean v. Arkansas case. In this case ("McLean v. Arkansas Board of Education", 529 F. Supp. 1255, 1258–1264) (ED Ark. 1982), brought in Arkansas, the judge, William Overton, gave a clear, specific definition of science as a basis for ruling that 'creation science' is religion and not science. His judgment defined the essential characteristics of science as being
However, an epistemic explanation of miraculous events would satisfy at least the first two definitions.
Islamic view of miracles.
The epistemic conception of the miraculous does not agree with the definition given in the work of the Muslim scholar "al-Īd̲j̲ī Mawāḳif", historian A.J. Wensinck, who says that the main purpose of miracle is to prove the sincerity of the apostle and has to satisfy the following conditions:
According to the epistemic theory, a miracle is "not" contrary to the usual course of things (although it may be contrary to our current understanding).

</doc>
<doc id="19102088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102088" title="De Ruyter Medal">
De Ruyter Medal

De Ruyter Medal (Dutch: De Ruyter-medaille) was created by royal decree no. 1 on 23 March 1907 by Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands to be awarded to those members of the Dutch Merchant fleet who distinguish themselves by praiseworthily acts of duty for the Dutch Ship transport. The medal can be awarded in gold, silver or bronze. Awarding is on basis by nomination of the Netherlands government and by royal decree.
With the De Ruyter Medal the Kingdom of the Netherlands honors since 1907 the threehundredth birthday of Michiel de Ruyter, one of the most famous admirals in Dutch history.

</doc>
<doc id="19102091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102091" title="Riley Lee">
Riley Lee

Riley Kelly Lee (born 1951) is an American-born Australian-based shakuhachi player and teacher. In 1980 he became the first non-Japanese person to attain the rank of Dai Shihan (grand master) in the shakuhachi tradition. He is a recipient of two of the most revered lineages of shakuhachi playing, descending from the original Zen Buddhist 'priests of nothingness' of Edo. His first teachers were Hoshida Ichizan II and Chikuho Sakai II. His present teacher is Katsuya Yokoyama.
Personal life.
Riley Lee was born in Plainview, Texas, of a Chinese father and Caucasian mother. He moved to Shawnee, Oklahoma in 1957. He became the bass player of the award winning rock band "The Workouts" when he was 13. He and his family moved to Hawaii in 1966. He first heard the shakuhachi in 1967 while attending high school in Hawaii, on an LP recording brought home by his elder brother. About the same time, his father gave him a dongxiao, a Chinese bamboo flute whose ancestry is shared with the shakuhachi, and taught him an old Chinese folksong on it.
He first went to Japan in 1970, and returned in 1971, when he began his shakuhachi studies. He lived there continuously until 1977. Patricia and Riley's twin daughters, Aiyana and Marieke, were born in 1979 in Kahuku, Oahu. He and his family live in Sydney and Hawaii.
Career.
From 1973 through 1977, he toured internationally as a full-time performer of taiko (festival drums) and shakuhachi with Ondekoza (now called Kodo), a group of traditional Japanese musicians. They performed with such groups as the Boston Symphony Orchestra, and at venues such as Kennedy Center, Roundhouse Theatre (London), Espace Pierre Cardin (Paris), and the Boston Symphony Hall.
After returning to Honolulu with his wife Patricia in 1978, he began teaching privately and performing. He founded the Chikuho School of Shakuhachi of Hawaii. He was a lecturer of the shakuhachi at the University of Hawaii, where he completed his BA and MA degrees. He and Patricia left for Australia in 1986 so that he could take up a PhD fellowship in ethnomusicology (on the transmission of the Zen Buddhist repertoire of the shakuhachi) at the University of Sydney. His PhD dissertation is published by UMI (USA). He was an East-West Center grantee in 1985-1986 and a Japan Foundation fellow in 1988-1989. He was made an Honorary Fellow of the University of Western Sydney in 1997.
He has published scholarly articles and book reviews in leading national and international musicology journals, such as Ethnomusicology and Asian Music. He has translated for journals such as Contemporary Music Review.
He has been instrumental in creating a professional presence of traditional Japanese music in Australia. He has introduced the shakuhachi to a diverse audience as both a soloist and with other performers of such instruments as harp, cello, saxophone, tabla, guitar, didgeridoo, and symphony orchestra. He helped found the Australian Shakuhachi Society in 1996. His request in 1988 to the Sawai Koto School in Japan that a koto player be sent to Australia facilitated the immigration to Australia of Satsuki Odamura.
In 1995, with Ian Cleworth, he co-founded TaikOz, a Japanese festival drum group based in Australia. It has since become one of Australia's premier performance groups, acclaimed both at home and in Japan. He performed with the Sydney Dance Company in the 1999 Australian season of Graham Murphy's "Air and Other Invisible Forces", touring the USA at the end of 2000 and Europe in 2001 with this production.
He has made over 50 recordings internationally, many featuring his own compositions.
On 1 January 2000, Riley Lee was seen, with five other musicians, on an internationally televised program, ushering in the new millennium from the top of the sails of the Sydney Opera House. In 2002 and 2003, Riley Lee performed in Hawaii, New Mexico, Texas, California, England, Austria, Switzerland, and Japan, and gave numerous concerts throughout Australia, as well as in the Woodford and National Folk Festivals, Adelaide Festival, and the Sacred Music Festival in Brisbane. In 2003, he was Visiting Fellow at Princeton University, New Jersey, the first shakuhachi player ever to be so honoured. He has been given a second Fellowship at Princeton, and will be lecturing in the Comparative Literature Department during the spring semester (Feb-June) 2009.
He is the Artistic Director and Chair of the Executive Committee of the World Shakuhachi Festival 2008, a four day event held in Sydney 4–8 July 2008, at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music and the City Recital Hall. The event featured thirty concerts, workshops, forums, seminars and other events. Seventy of the world's leading shakuhachi players attended as invited performers, making it the largest event in the history of the shakuhachi.
With TaikOz and Synergy, he performed Gerard Brophy's "The Book of Clouds", a work commissioned by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. He has also appeared and recorded with the harpist Marshall McGuire.
Riley Lee started teaching breathing workshops in the late 1980s, at the suggestion of one of his students, well-known Sydney acupuncturist Ross Penman. Riley has since refined and expanded his repertoire of exercises, gleaned from a number of sources and from his long and focused relationship with shakuhachi. The exercises are designed to create an awareness of one's breath while at the same time, improving the strength and control of the muscles used in breathing. His workshops last from one to six hours, and single sessions have been attended by as many as two thousand people.

</doc>
<doc id="19102100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102100" title="A Weekend with Lulu">
A Weekend with Lulu

A Weekend with Lulu is a 1961 British comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Bob Monkhouse, Leslie Phillips, Alfred Marks, and Shirley Eaton.

</doc>
<doc id="19102104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102104" title="Mail Today">
Mail Today

Mail Today is a newspaper established in November 2007, and published by the India Today Group in a joint venture with British newspaper Daily Mail (which is part of the Associated Newspapers Group). Associated Newspapers holds 26% stake which it bought at Rs. 18 Crore 
Currently there is one edition of the paper published from Delhi which consists of 48 pages. Estimated readership (2010) is 0.5 Million

</doc>
<doc id="19102109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102109" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1967 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1967 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1967. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1967. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19102110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102110" title="Daddy, Mammy, Juddy, Jimmy, Jully and All the Family">
Daddy, Mammy, Juddy, Jimmy, Jully and All the Family

"Daddy, Mammy, Juddy, Jimmy, Jully and all the family" is a single of the Anarchic System, released in 1976.
Track listing.
"Daddy, Mammy, Juddy, Jimmy, Jully and All the Family" (P. de Senneville, O. Toussaint, engineering H. Roy) — 2:59
recorded at Studio 92.
"Sugar Baby Mission Space Recording" short version (P. de Senneville, O. Toussaint, engineering C. Gordanne) — 4:00
Distribution.
for France : Delphine Records index catalog 64024, Distribution Discodis

</doc>
<doc id="19102128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102128" title="WriteToThem">
WriteToThem

WriteToThem is a MySociety website that enables its users to write to their Member of Parliament.
In 2006, it was reported by the Guardian that the Conservative MP Ian Liddell-Grainger appeared to admit in an email to the site to attempting to "up" his rating by sending himself queries.

</doc>
<doc id="19102141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102141" title="Thomas Tantrum (album)">
Thomas Tantrum (album)

Thomas Tantrum is the self-titled debut studio album by English rock band Thomas Tantrum, released on September 1, 2008. It features twelve tracks which include several songs that were previously released as stand-alone singles.
The album was an Xfm New Music Award 2009 nominee.
Track listing.
All songs written and performed by Thomas Tantrum.

</doc>
<doc id="19102145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102145" title="Kanwat">
Kanwat

Kanwat is a gotra of the Meena community specially reside in Rajasthan, India. It is often used as a surname (family name). 
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19102154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102154" title="Latifa Hospital">
Latifa Hospital

Al Wasl Hospital is a hospital in Dubai that provides medical care specifically for women and children. In April 2012 it was renamed Latifa Hospital in memory of Sheikha Latifa Bint Hamdan bin Zayed Al Nahyan.

</doc>
<doc id="19102160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102160" title="David M. Jacobs">
David M. Jacobs

David Michael Jacobs is an American historian and recently retired Associate Professor of History at Temple University specializing in 20th century American history and culture. Jacobs is also well known in the field of Ufology for his research and authoring of books on the subject of alleged alien abductions.
Career.
Jacobs obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1973, in the field of intellectual history. He wrote his dissertation on the controversy over unidentified flying objects in America. A revised edition of his dissertation was published as "The UFO Controversy in America" by Indiana University Press in 1975.
As a faculty member of the Department of History at Temple University, Jacobs specialized in history of 20th-century American popular culture. He stated that his current research interests "involve a delineation of the role of anomalous experiences in personal and cultural life." For over 25 years Jacobs has taught a course on "UFOs in American Society."
Ufology.
Jacobs has a high profile in the field of Ufology. He has lectured widely, been interviewed, and participated in numerous television and radio shows on the subject of alien abductions.
David Jacobs has written four books on the topic of UFOs and alleged alien abductions. In recent years Jacobs has argued publicly that the evidence from his research, which sometimes includes utilizing hypnotic regression with alleged alien abductees along with traditional interview techniques, shows that alien-human hybrids are engaged in a covert program of infiltration into human society with possibly the final goal of taking over Earth. He asserts that some of his research subjects are teaching these hybrids how to blend into human society so that they cannot be differentiated from humans, and that this is occurring worldwide.
Criticism.
Jacobs' theories have been criticised as unsupportably dire by those who take a more positive view of the alien abduction experience such as John E. Mack; Jacobs labels these critics as "positivists" in his writings. Details of alien abductions reported by Jacobs and so-called "positivist" researchers may not differ to any great extent; criticism of Jacobs by such peers therefore focuses on Jacobs' interpretations - e.g., where Jacobs sees "infiltration" (a negative), others may see "integration" (a positive). Where differences in reports are more substantial (extending beyond the interpretive to actual distinctions between the alleged events reported by those who Jacobs interviews versus those interviewed by others), Jacobs has explained that elements not matching his own perspective are what he terms "confabulations." 
Carl Sagan and Susan Clancy have criticized the methods used by Jacobs and other abduction researchers. Sagan asserted that sightings and experiences could be attributed to mistaken identity and faulty memory. Clancy has highlighted problems associated with abduction research, such as faulty memory retrieval when hypnotists "lead" the patient, and sleep paralysis.
Jacobs has argued that Clancy's methodology was flawed, stating that in numerous cases people report they were abducted when fully awake and conscious, and that therefore sleep paralysis is not a tenable hypothesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19102161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102161" title="Taylor Welch">
Taylor Welch

Taylor Welch (born 1989) is an American rugby league and rugby union player, who plays for Oxford RLFC. Currently playing for the USA in the current Rugby League World Cup. His previous clubs are Chicago Stockyarders in the American National Rugby League (AMNRL) and for the Chicago Griffins RFC. He was with the Warrington Wolves from U16's to first grade. He debut against Castle ford with Warrington Wolves rugby league team in 2008, becoming the first American ever to play in the Super League.
Playing career.
Welch was born in Dallas, Texas. In 2003, Welch and his father relocated to Warrington, England following the death of his mother. He attended Crosfields School and Lymm High School. Having played American football in his youth, he transitioned to rugby union in school and was convinced to try rugby league by Warrington Wolves head coach Paul Cullen, joining the team's youth academy. Playing as a winger, his Under 18s debut initially was held back due to his classification as an overseas player, an issue finally resolved with special dispensation from the Rugby Football League.
In 2008, Welch was drafted onto Warrington's 19-man roster to cover for an injured Chris Riley. Riley was cleared to play, however Welch had trained so well that he was selected to the 13-man playing roster ahead of teammate Kevin Penny for the game against the Castleford Tigers. He is thought to have become the first American to play for Warrington and the first ever to play in the Super League.
Welch has continued to play rugby union. He was selected in the American training squad for the Rugby Union NAWIRA Sevens Qualifiers in the Bahamas. He has played for Fylde Rugby Club, Pays d'Aix RC in Pro D2, and Sale F.C., and applied for U.K. citizenship to enable him to count as a European player in Super League. Welch subsequently relocated back to the United States. He has continued playing rugby with the New York Raiders of the American National Rugby League and the Chicago Griffins rugby union team, and has trained with the startup Chicago Stockyarders.

</doc>
<doc id="19102170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102170" title="Hornafjörður">
Hornafjörður

Hornafjörður () is a small fjord in southeastern Iceland. The town Höfn is located on its shores.

</doc>
<doc id="19102181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102181" title="Abdullah Al Khayat">
Abdullah Al Khayat

Dr. Abdullah Al Khayat is the director of Al Wasl hospital in Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="19102263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102263" title="Josh Thomas (comedian)">
Josh Thomas (comedian)

Joshua Michael "Josh" Thomas (born 26 May 1987) is an Australian comedian. In 2005, at the age of 17, he became the youngest ever winner of the Melbourne International Comedy Festival's Raw Comedy Competition. He currently appears as a regular and Generation Y team captain on Network Ten's "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation".
He has also written and stars in a Pivot and ABC2 television series "Please Like Me".
Early life.
Thomas was born in Blackwater, Queensland. He lived in Chapel Hill and Westlake in Brisbane's western suburbs and attended Kenmore State High School, graduating in 2004.
Career.
In 2005, at the age of 17, Josh Thomas was the youngest ever winner of the Melbourne International Comedy Festival's RAW Comedy Award. He made the finals of "So You Think You're Funny" at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. The following year, he was selected to perform in The Comedy Zone, a showcase of Australia's most promising up-and-coming comedians presented by the Melbourne International Comedy Festival. In 2007 Thomas' first solo show, "Please Like Me" debuted at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival, where it received the Melbourne Airport Award for Best Newcomer. His live shows have toured both nationally and internationally, appearing in both Edinburgh and Montreal's comedy festivals. In 2010, Josh toured his coming-out themed stand-up show 'Surprise', taking it to the Adelaide Fringe, Brisbane Comedy Festival and Melbourne International Comedy Festival. 2011 saw Josh touring "Everything Ever" at the Melbourne Comedy Festival, among other locations.
Podcast.
Thomas has a podcast called "Josh Thomas and Friend", available from iTunes, which features Josh and his comedian friends Melinda Buttle and Tom Ward.
In November 2009 a second series of the podcast was released on iTunes, and the first series was deleted. The third series was released in 2011, and the second series was deleted as well.
Print.
He has also written articles for popular teen girl magazine "Girlfriend". Thomas had an opinion piece published in "The Age" newspaper in 2010.
Television.
Thomas has made guest appearances on the Australian television shows "The Sideshow", "Stand Up Australia", "Ready Steady Cook", "Good News Week", "Rove Live", "Celebrity Splash" and "The Project".
In 2009, Thomas became a regular and Generation Y team captain on Network Ten's "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation". He also competed in Celebrity MasterChef Australia, but lost in the first heat to Kirk Pengilly of INXS.
In March 2011, Thomas hosted the 2011 Melbourne International Comedy Festival Gala event, which is held annually in support of Oxfam.
In February 2013 the television series "Please Like Me", written by Thomas, debuted on ABC2. Participant Media's television network Pivot acquired the series for the US and premiered all six episodes as a binge marathon on August 1, 2013 to celebrate the channel's launch after premiering the first episode online. The initial six-part series is based on his stand-up comedy shows and stars Thomas as himself.
Personal life.
Thomas stated that he was an atheist on the 2009 season finale of "Good News Week".
In November 2009, Thomas confirmed via his podcast that he was in a relationship with Triple J radio presenter Tom Ballard. They separated in June 2010 after 16 months of dating, with Ballard posting on his Facebook fanpage: "Josh and I aren't going out anymore. It's all pretty complicated, but basically I just decided that I have to follow my heart and get married to Mitch Hewer, Zac Efron, Daniel Radcliffe and Eamon Sullivan. We are still great friends though and it is all okay."
In 2010, Thomas was selected by readers of samesame.com.au as one of the 25 most influential gay Australians.
Josh also has an older sister, Nikki, and an older brother named Drew, who appeared on an episode of "Talkin 'Bout Your Generation" on 15 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19102267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102267" title="Stokksnes">
Stokksnes

Stokksnes is a headland on the southeastern Icelandic coast, near Hofn and Hornafjördur. There is a light house on the tip of the land.

</doc>
<doc id="19102268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102268" title="William Redmore Bigg">
William Redmore Bigg

William Redmore Bigg (6 January 1755 London - 6 February 1828 London) was an English painter.
William Bigg enrolled in the Royal Academy schools in 1778 where he studied under Edward Penny (1714–1791) RA whose forte was depicting acts of charity. Bigg's greatest delight was in painting children. His first work in this genre to be exhibited in 1778 was "Schoolboys giving Charity to a Blind Man". A year later he painted a similar work, "A Lady and her Children relieving a Distressed Cottager". Apart from these his "Palemon and Lavinia", the "Shipwrecked Sailor Boy", and "Youths relieving a Blind Man" were very well received, and all were engraved. His subject choice and execution place him with Wheatley and George Morland. Bigg produced many small portraits in oil and pastel, as well as rustic genre paintings. His genre paintings and portraits have great charm and were highly popular in his day, the best engravers being used to render his work.
Bigg exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy and the British Institution until his death. After having been an associate for many years, he was elected an RA in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="19102312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102312" title="List of windmills in Saxony-Anhalt">
List of windmills in Saxony-Anhalt

A list of windmills in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.

</doc>
<doc id="19102323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102323" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1966 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1966 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1966. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1966. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19102325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102325" title="Maitres du Temps">
Maitres du Temps

Maîtres du Temps is a Swiss watch company. Founded in 2005 by Steven Holtzman, the brand is based in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland. The brand launched in Geneva in 2008 with Chapter One, a watch developed by Christophe Claret, Roger Dubuis and Peter Speake-Marin.
Corporate history.
Steven Holtzman began his career in horology in the USA in 1982 when he joined the sales team at his father’s company, the Gruen Marketing Corporation. He then moved into the distribution and marketing of high end Swiss brands, including Roger Dubuis SA (terminated 2008) and Jean Dunand. Holtzman then decided to launch his own brand and, after a few years of development, in 2005 he founded Maîtres du Temps. 
The concept of the brand is based on teams of master watchmakers collaborating to develop a watch. The company launched their first model, Chapter One by the master watchmakers Christophe Claret, Roger Dubuis and Peter Speake-Marin, in Geneva in 2008. Chapter Two, developed by Daniel Roth, Peter Speake-Marin and Roger Dubuis was presented in 2009
Overview of Production.
Chapter One.
Chapter One was developed by watchmakers Christophe Claret, Roger Dubuis and Peter Speake-Marin, and features: Tourbillon, Monopusher Chronograph, Retrograde Date, Retrograde GMT, and two rolling bars at 6 o’clock and 12 o’clock, indicating the day of the week and the phases of the moon, respectively. 
Indications: central coaxial hours, minutes, and chronograph 60-second counter, a transparent window to see the working tourbillon and a day of the week roller at 6 o’clock; retrograde GMT at 9 o’clock; 60-minute chronograph counter and precision moon phase roller at 12 o’clock; and retrograde date at 3 o’clock.
Chapter Two.
Chapter Two was developed by watchmakers Daniel Roth, Peter Speake-Marin and Roger Dubuis, and is a triple calendar wristwatch with a big date and rollers indicating days and months. 
Indications: central hours and minutes, big date at 12 o'clock, month on roller at 12 o'clock, sub-seconds dial at 6 o'clock and day on roller at 6 o'clock.
Chapter Two features an automatic winding mechanism and paddles to adjust the day and month rollers.
Chapter Three Reveal.
The Chapter Three Reveal was introduced at BaselWorld 2012.
Watchmakers.
Peter Speake-Marin.
Peter Speake-Marin (English) studied watchmaking at London’s Hackney Technical College and continued his horological education at the Swiss watchmaking school WOSTEP.
For seven years Speake-Marin was head of the antique watch section at Somlo Antiques in London. He moved back to Switzerland in 1996 when recruited by Renaud & Papi (now Audemars Piguet Renaud & Papi SA) to develop and build high complications. 
In 2000 Speake-Marin established his own atelier where he designs and creates his own Speake-Marin watches. In 2006 he worked on the Excenter Tourbillon with Harry Winston. In 2007 he collaborated with Christophe Claret and Roger Dubuis to develop Chapter One for Maîtres du Temps.
Christophe Claret.
Christophe Claret (French) attended the watch school in Geneva and, upon graduation in 1987, worked alongside Roger Dubuis in the latter’s atelier, and then with Dominique Renaud and Giulio Papi (now Audemars Piguet Renaud & Papi SA). In 1987 he formed his own company, Christophe Claret SA, in Le Locle, Switzerland.
Claret specializes in designing, manufacturing and assembling very complicated watches for Swiss watch brands in his comprehensively equipped, state-of-the-art workshops. He is particularly known for his chiming watches.
In 2005, Claret co-founded the ultra-high-end watch brand, Jean Dunand, with Thierry Oulevay. He collaborated with Roger Dubuis and Peter Speake-Marin at Maîtres du Temps to develop Chapter One, which was presented in Geneva in 2008.
Roger Dubuis.
Roger Dubuis (Swiss) worked with a local watchmaker as a young teenager before studying at the Geneva Watchmaking School.
After 14 years of developing and restoring high complications at Patek Phillipe, Dubuis founded his own restoration and repair atelier in 1980. He co-developed, with Jean Marc Wiederrecht, the world’s first perpetual calendar bi-retrograde movement for Harry Winston. 
In 1995 Dubuis co-founded the watch brand Roger Dubuis SA with Carlos Dias. The two founders no longer have any affiliation with the brand, which is now majority owned by the Richemont Group. With Maîtres du Temps, Dubuis collaborated with Christophe Claret and Peter Speake-Marin to develop Chapter One, which debuted in Geneva in 2008.
Daniel Roth.
Daniel Roth grew up in Nice in the south of France. He studied watchmaking there and then moved to Switzerland to further his horological education. After learning traditional watchmaking techniques at Audemars Piguet he became the master watchmaker at Breguet. The year was 1970, and the Chaumet brothers had bought Breguet, at the time virtually dormant, with the intention of reviving the brand. 
After 14 years at Breguet (watch), a period in which he is credited with introducing what is now considered the "Breguet look" Roth left when the brand was sold. In 1989 he launched his own brand, Daniel Roth (sold to the Bulgari group in 2000). Roth now handcrafts traditional two-minute tourbillons under his new brand, "Jean Daniel Nicolas".

</doc>
<doc id="19102343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102343" title="List of Evacuation episodes">
List of Evacuation episodes

These are the episodes that have been in the CBBC Television Series "Evacuation". The first series was simply called "Evacuation", while the second series was titled "Evacuation - To the Manor House". Altogether there are 20 episodes. The first series ran in September 2006 – with Episodes 5 to 10 being broadcast in pairs back-to-back, i.e. as 'double-bills' – and the second series ran from January to February 2008.
The episode titles given here have merely been devised to convey the flavour of each instalment, and were not shown on-screen.

</doc>
<doc id="19102367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102367" title="Mathurin Méheut">
Mathurin Méheut

Mathurin Méheut (1882-1958) was a French painter, ceramist, engraver, and etcher best known for his depictions of Breton scenes, the sea, and nature.
Méheut was born into a family of artisans in Lamballe, Brittany, and apprenticed to a house painter before entering the École des Beaux-Arts de Rennes in 1898, from which he graduated at age 20. He then attended the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs in Paris, working for the revue Arts et Décoration to finance his studies. In 1906 he exhibited with the Société des Artistes Français.
From 1910-1912 Méheut collaborated with naturalists at the Roscoff marine biology station to depict marine life. This period culminated in a book ("Etude de la mer, flore et faune de la Manche et de l’Océan") and 450 works exhibited at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in 1913. In 1914 he was awarded a travel scholarship by the Foundation Albert Kahn for visits to Hawaii and Japan in 1914, but his trip was cut short by World War I.
In 1921 Méheut became the French Ministry of Defence's official painter and in 1925 began decorating commercial passenger ships, including the SS Normandie. Between world wars, he illustrated books for authors including Colette, Maurice Genevoix, and Pierre Loti, and created ceramics at Henriot in Quimper, at the Manufacture nationale de Sèvres, and at Villeroy & Boch in Sarre. During the 1940s he taught at the École des Beaux-Arts de Rennes, served as decorator for the Institut de Géologie de Rennes, and completed his celebrated illustrations of Florian Le Roy's "".
The Musée Mathurin Méheut in Lamballe, created in 1972, preserves his work.

</doc>
<doc id="19102374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102374" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1966 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1966 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1966. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1966. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.

</doc>
<doc id="19102408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102408" title="Hof, Iceland">
Hof, Iceland

Hof, in Öræfi, is a cluster of farms in the municipality of Sveitarfélagið Hornafjörður in southeast Iceland, close to Vatnajökull glacier, and twenty kilometres south of Skaftafell in Vatnajökull National Park. It is located on the Route 1 southwest of Höfn, in the narrow strip between the sea coast and the glacier.
A notаble building in Hof is a turf church, which was built in 1883 and is the youngest turf church in Iceland. Since 1951, it belongs to the National Museum of Iceland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19102425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102425" title="Nongnuch Sanrat">
Nongnuch Sanrat

Nongnuch Sanrat (; born August 26, 1983 in Bangkok) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Thailand.
Sanrat represented Thailand at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Orranut Klomdee, Jutamass Thavoncharoen and Sangwan Jaksunin. In their first round heat they placed fifth in a time of 44.38 seconds was the eleventh time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19102429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102429" title="Peru at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Peru at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Peru will sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country sent four athletes to compete in three sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19102440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102440" title="Juma al Majid">
Juma al Majid

Juma al Majid (born in Dubai, United Arab Emirates around 1930) is a businessman in the UAE.

</doc>
<doc id="19102445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102445" title="Ramesh Barial">
Ramesh Barial

Prof.(Dr.) Ramesh Nandan Prasad Barial () (August 31, 1934 – March 11, 2008) was an eminent educationist in India. He retired in 1996 as University Professor and Principal of Patna Training College, Patna University. Before that he was Head, Post-graduate Department of Education, Dean, Faculty of Education. Apart from his valuable contribution to the research in Educational Psychology he was actively involved in an "Education for all" campaign. He had a vision of literacy for everybody, especially women, so he became part of the Centre for Adult and Continuing Education at its inception and later became the Director of the Centre.
He was the first scholar to receive a Ph.D degree in the Faculty of Education in Bihar. For this he received a prestigious fellowship from Dr. Rajendra Prasad, the first President of the Republic of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19102446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102446" title="Djúpivogur">
Djúpivogur

Djúpivogur is a small town and municipality (Djúpavogshreppur) located on a peninsula in eastern Iceland, near the island of Papey and on the fjord Berufjörður.
As of 2011, it has a population of 352.
The town is famous in Iceland for being the place with the highest temperature ever recorded in the island. in June 1939.
See also.
Æðarstein lighthouse

</doc>
<doc id="19102455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102455" title="Orranut Klomdee">
Orranut Klomdee

Orranut Klomdee (; born June 1, 1980) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Thailand.
Klomdee represented Thailand at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Sangwan Jaksunin, Jutamass Thavoncharoen and Nongnuch Sanrat. In their first round heat they placed fifth in a time of 44.38 seconds and was the eleventh time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19102456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102456" title="Honorary Medal for Merits toward Museum Collections">
Honorary Medal for Merits toward Museum Collections

The Honorary Medal for Merits toward Museum Collections (), also named as Museum Medal (), is one of the oldest civil decorations of the Netherlands. It was created by royal decree on 26 June 1817 by King William I of the Netherlands. The decree describes the following "Erepenning voor blijken van belangstelling in 's Rijksverzamelingen door schenking betoond" (). The medal is awarded in the degrees gold, silver or bronze as token of appreciation to those who "aan hen, die enig boek- of kunstwerk, dat de vrucht van hun arbeid was, de Koning deden toekomen" (). In the royal decree of 5 May 1877 the eligibility of awarding this decoration was extended by King William III of the Netherlands with the description "aan hen, die door het aanbieden van belangrijke geschenken of op andere wijze zich verdienstelijk hebben gemaakt ten opzichte van de verschillende wetenschappelijke en kunstverzamelingen des Rijks" (). Due to this description the medal obtained the official elongated name, however since the end of the 19th century the decoration is primarily known as the "Museum Medal". Till 1897 the honorary medal was only a standing decoration, but since Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands the medal can be worn with a ribbon at the left breast. By royal decree of 28 October 1919 the eligibility criteria were again extended by Queen Wilhelmina with the description "verdiensten jegens gemeentelijke (openbare) verzamelingen" (English: merit towards community (public) collections). What was initially a medal for generous donors became now an official royal award for merit. Queen Juliana of the Netherlands decided by royal decree at 26 July 1952 that the shape of the medal and ribbon should be changed. From then the ribbon is orange with in the middle two small red lanes. Also the recipients may wear a ribbon bar with the same composition (although concerning the golden or silver medal receiptians a golden or silver palm branch is added). Finally, Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands changed only the shape of the medal by placing her image on the medal.
Notable recipients.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19102459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102459" title="Disguise (novel)">
Disguise (novel)

Disguise is a 2008 novel by the Irish writer Hugo Hamilton set in Germany.
Synopsis.
The book begins during the Battle of Berlin. A mother, Mrs Liedmann and her son are living in a house in the city. Her husband is fighting for the German forces on the Western front. A bomb falls on their house and kills her son Gregor. Distraught, she searches among the ruins for her son. Her father, Emil Liedmann, who is a deserter from the army, comes to take her home To Nuremberg. On the outskirts of a country town he finds an orphan boy the same age as Gregor and makes his daughter promise to raise him as her own child and never to tell a soul that he is not her son. Soon after Emil disappears while searching for fuel on the black market. Later it emerges that Emil was shot by American forces as he tried to escape the Germans, who wanted to capture and punish Emil for being a deserter.
In autumn 2006 a grown up Gregor meets with friends and family in an orchard in the German countryside. Gregor meets his wife Mara, from whom he has bees separated for thirty or so years, his best friend Martin and his son Daniel who is with his girlfriend Juli. Over the day spent picking apples Gregor reminisces over his life. In his teenage years he began to suspect that he was not his parents child, given that he looked nothing like them and on account of a slip up made by Uncle Max, an old friend of Emil. He runs away and travels throughout Europe for several years, returning to Germany intermittently to earn money for his travels. By the late sixties he is in Berlin and working as a musician. He meets Martin and Mara, telling them that he is an orphan. After some years he marries Mara when she becomes pregnant. The couples relationship comes under strain however when Mara visits Mrs. Liedmann who insists that Gregor is her biological dad. forced to choose between the word of her husband or his mother she becomes confused. Gregor decides to leave for a while to travel to Toronto with a group of musicians. Gregor maintains a long distance relationship with his family. After a time he returns to Berlin but finds it too hard. He leaves for Ireland where he lives for several years before he returns to Berlin following the fall of the Berlin wall. As time passes he gradually sees more of Mara and the two reform their friendship. At the end of the book, after Daniel has blamed Gregor for having fabricated the story of his existence, Mara takes the pair to a room in the back of the farmhouse where they are staying. In it is all of the possessions of Gregor's childhood home. Mara finds the clothes in which Gregor was found as a boy. Mara theorises that Mrs. Liedmann kept the clothes to let Gregor know of his origins. After this Daniel believes his fathers story.

</doc>
<doc id="19102472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102472" title="Indonesia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Indonesia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Indonesia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country sent three athletes to compete in three sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19102492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102492" title="Ahmad bin Rashid Al Mu'alla">
Ahmad bin Rashid Al Mu'alla

Sheikh Ahmad II bin Rashid Al Mu'alla (ruled 1928–1981) was a ruler of the emirate of Umm Al Qawain, United Arab Emirates. He is the father of Sheikh Rashid III ibn Ahmad Al Mu'alla. He assumed his position after the assassinaion of his cousin, sheikh Hamad bin Ibrahim al Mualla in 1928. In his old age, the emirate joined the federation of the UAE in 1971. The first school and hospital in the emirate was established in his time.

</doc>
<doc id="19102495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102495" title="Wanda Hutson">
Wanda Hutson

Wanda Hutson (born January 8, 1985) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Trinidad and Tobago.
Wanda attended Port of Spain's Bishop Anstey High School (2001) in Trinidad. She went on to Southern Union State Community College in Auburn, Alabama, and eventually graduated from Abilene Christian University in 2010, with a first degree in Information Systems. Wanda was a two-time NCAA Division II All American for the ACU Wildcats in 2010.
Her best time of 11.38 (1.3) in the 100m dash is a Trinidad & Tobago National Junior Record. Her best time in the 200m is 23.65. Both performances came at the 2004 National Championships in Port-of-Spain. That year, she also won the Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships women's 100m title with a time of 11.46, and was fourth in the finals of the women's 100m at the IAAF World Junior Championships in Grosseto, Italy, running 11.45. She had been eighth (11.87) at the 2002 World Junior Championships in Kingston, Jamaica. 
Wanda competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, as a member of her country's sprint relay team, which failed to complete its race in the opening round. She again represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Kelly-Ann Baptiste, Ayanna Hutchinson and Semoy Hackett. In their first round heat they did not finish and were eliminated due to a mistake with the baton exchange.
Wanda is 5'4" (163 cm) and weighs 104 lbs (47 kg).

</doc>
<doc id="19102497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102497" title="Nepali Indian">
Nepali Indian

Nepali Indian (also Indian Nepalese or Indian Nepali ) are people who are citizens or full-time residents of India whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in Nepal. They speak many languages and dialects but Nepali language, also included as one of the official languages of India, is understood and spoken by all.
History.
Certain areas of India were under the kingdom of Nepal before becoming a part of India during the British Raj. For example, the Darjeeling District of West Bengal was a part of Sikkim and for some time a part of Nepal. Sikkim, the only state in India with ethnic Nepali majority, became part of India in 1975. Other areas with significant Nepali population include Uttrakhand, Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Manipur and Meghalaya. The Nepali population is also scattered throughout India in all major cities, especially Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam
Gurkhas.
Since the independence of India in 1947, as per the terms of the Britain–India–Nepal_Tripartite_Agreement, six Gorkha regiments, formerly part of the British Indian Army, became part of the Indian Army and have served ever since. The troops are Gorkhas, residents of Nepal and ethnic Gorkha(Nepali) citizens of India . They have a history of courage in battle, evident from the gallantry awards won by Gorkha soldiers and battle honours awarded to Gorkha battalions, both before and after joining the Indian Army. A seventh Gorkha Rifles regiment was re-raised in the Indian Army after Independence to accommodate Gorkha soldiers of 7th Gurkha Rifles and the 10th Gurkha Rifles who refused to transfer to the British Army. Many Nepalese origin Gorkha soldiers settled in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19102509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102509" title="Ayanna Hutchinson">
Ayanna Hutchinson

Ayanna Hutchinson (born February 18, 1978) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Trinidad and Tobago.
__TOC__
Career.
Hutchinson represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Kelly-Ann Baptiste, Wanda Hutson and Semoy Hackett. In their first round heat they did not finish and were eliminated due to a mistake with the baton exchange.
Ayanna Hutchinson represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2000 Sydney Olympics where she competed in the 100m, and the 2004 Athens Olympics as a part of the 4x100m relay team but due to a missed exchange they were eliminated . She was a semi-finalist at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne and at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin. Together with Kelly-Ann Baptiste, Semoy Hackett and Reyare Thomas set a national record in the 4x100m at the 2009 Berlin World Championships.
Achievements.
Personal Best – Outdoor
100 Metres 11.26; 200 Metres 23.35
Personal Best – Indoor
60 Metres 7.28
Honours
100 Metres
12th IAAF World Championships in Athletics 8 sf 11.58 -0.10 Berlin; 
18th Commonwealth Games 5 sf 11.53 -0.30 Melbourne 

</doc>
<doc id="19102510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102510" title="Búðir">
Búðir

Búðir (also named Búdir) is a small hamlet in Búðahraun lava fields in Staðarsveit, which is in the western region of Iceland, on the westernmost tip of the Snaefellsnes peninsula where Hraunhafnará falls to the sea, the original old name of Búðir having been Hraunhöfn. 
The village belongs to Snæfellsbær, a municipality that has its administrative centre in the town of Ólafsvík.
Overview.
Just a cluster of old buildings, Búðir is the home of popular country inn and restaurant Hotel Búðir and a very old small church. The original old house of the restaurant and Hótel Búðir burned down on 21 February 2001, and had to be rebuilt completely, so as to resemble the original old inn house and to blend into the existing scenery of old buildings and natural surroundings. 
It is believed that commercial ships and fishing vessels have been making their landing at Búðir all the way back to when Iceland's first inhabitants made their way there across the ocean, and commercial activity started there very early in recorded history. Originally the main function of Búðir was that to act as a commercial and trade hub for Snæfellsnes and the surrounding west coast region, during an extended period of Danish trade monopoly. Today the small hamlet of Búðir along with Hótel Búðir is a center of attraction in Snæfellsnes for tourists and various tourism activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19102517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102517" title="Turkey at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Turkey at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Turkey sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country represented by sixteen athletes, competing in shooting, archery, weightlifting, table tennis, wheelchair tennis, athletics and judo.

</doc>
<doc id="19102522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102522" title="Hunterian Psalter">
Hunterian Psalter

The Hunterian Psalter (or York Psalter) is an illuminated manuscript of the 12th century. It was produced in England some time around 1170, and is considered a striking example of Romanesque book art. The work is part of the collection of the Glasgow University Library, cataloged as Sp Coll MS Hunter U.3.2 (229), which acquired the book in 1807. It derives its colloquial name, the "Hunterian Psalter", from having been part of the collection of 18th century Scottish anatomist and book collector William Hunter, who willed his collection to the University. It has also at times been known as the "York Psalter", owing to its supposed northern English origin in the city of York.
Text.
The original text of the Hunterian Psalter, all written in the same hand, consists of the 150 psalms from Jerome's Versio Gallicana revision of the Vulgate Bible, Biblical canticles and liturgical texts, and numerous illustrations, over more than two hundred pages of heavy vellum. One leaf is missing, probably removed for its illuminated initial.
The final thirteen folios contain later additions to the text, prayers likely from the late 13th century. These prayers were written for a female reader, but the singular feminine Latin endings were first overwritten with singular masculine endings, and then still later, plural masculine ones. There is also a formula for an amulet intended to cure epilepsy dating from the same century.
Illustrations.
The book opens with an illustrated calendar, each month beginning with the historiated letters "KL", an abbreviation for "kalenda", i.e. the first day of the month. Then follow thirteen pages of prefactory full-page miniatures, two scenes to a page, with three pages of Old Testament scenes, six of scenes from the "Life of Christ" (further pages are perhaps missing), and, unusually for this date, three from the "Life of the Virgin", including a "Death of the Virgin", with a funeral procession, and an "Assumption". These are the earliest English miniatures to have gold leaf backgrounds incised with patterns of lines and dots. After these pages there is an opening with full-page miniatures of David playing his harp and a "Beatus" initial for the start of Psalm 1 ("Beatus vir"). All the psalms have a large illuminated initial, often historiated, and each verse starts with an enlarged gold initial. The start of the ten traditional divisions of the text have especially large initials, as is usually the case.
Many of the illustrations and historiated initials seem to have been truncated at the top, perhaps the result of the book having been poorly re-bound at some time. Another theory is that the tops of the pages simply bear holes from where cloth curtains were once stitched. The book was re-bound again in 1983.
The manuscript's illustrations are notable for their several departures from scripture, for example in the panel depicting the sacrifice of Isaac by Abraham, Isaac's hands are depicted as unbound. In Genesis 22:9, it is written, "...He bound his son Isaac, and laid him on the altar, on top of the wood."
Provenance.
It is uncertain where or when, exactly, the manuscript was produced, or for whom. It has been suggested that it was produced for Roger de Mowbray (d. 1188), a prominent 12th century crusader and religious benefactor known to have founded a number of Augustinian and Cistercian monasteries and nunneries. The book also contains three commemorations to Augustine of Hippo, which has led some scholars to conclude that the manuscript might have been created for a house of Augustinian Canons, or by someone with a connection to the Augustinian order. 
The fact that there is no mention of the 29 December feast of Thomas Becket on the page for December is thought to indicate that the book was produced before Becket's canonization in 1173. For most of its history, it was thought to have been the product of a scriptorium in the north of England, owing to its inclusion of a number of northern saints such as Oswald of Northumbria and John of Beverley (who very seldom occur outside northern manuscripts), although modern scholarly consensus puts its likely origin in the southwest of England.
There is no definite consensus about the number of artists who worked on the book. It has been suggested that a single master oversaw the work of several assistants, and it has also been put forth that it is the work of an artist working alone, copying and adapting templates from other illuminated manuscripts. It is thought to have been the work of skilled tradesmen, not monks.

</doc>
<doc id="19102536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102536" title="Gracjan Piotrkowski">
Gracjan Piotrkowski

Gracjan Piotrkowski (1734 in Sandomierz – 1785 in Lipsko) was a Polish Catholic priest, teacher and writer. Piarist educated, he was famed was his firebrand sermons and satirical poems. In 1772 he has published a book titled "Satyr przeciwko zdaniom i zgorszeniom wieku naszego" ("A satire against ideas and deprivations of our age") containing 25 rhymed satires.

</doc>
<doc id="19102539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102539" title="Myriam Soumaré">
Myriam Soumaré

Myriam Soumaré (born October 29, 1986) is a track and field sprinter, who competes internationally for France.
Soumaré made her Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed in only one event - the 4 x 100 meters relay together with Muriel Hurtis-Houairi, Lina Jacques-Sébastien and Carima Louami. In their first round heat they did not finish and were eliminated, due to a mistake with the baton exchange.
In her debut World Championships appearance at 2009, Soumaré took part in only one event - the 100 metres. She was eliminated in the quarter-finals of that event.
At the 2010 European Championships - her debut appearance in the European Championships - in Barcelona, Soumaré won the gold medal in the 200 metres with a time of 22.32 seconds in lane 8, shaving her previous personal best time by 0.69 second in doing so. She also won the 4 x 100 metres relay silver medal and the 100 metres bronze medal with a personal best time of 11.18 seconds, which was an improvement of 0.16 second over her previous personal best time. 
At the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, Soumaré participated in three events - the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4 x 100 metres relay. She was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 100 and 200 metres events. Her 4 x 100 metres relay team finished in fourth place in the final.
Soumaré represented France in three events at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London: 100m, 200m and 4 x 100m relay. She finished seventh in the 200m final in a time of 22.63 sec. She achieved the 11th fastest time in the 100m semi-final heats and thus did not qualify for the final. In the first round heats of the 4 x 100m relay, her team botched its last two baton exchanges and was disqualified for out-of-zone baton exchange.
Soumaré was the 200 metres runner-up of the 2012 IAAF Diamond League, behind Charonda Williams.
Soumaré won her first European Indoor Championship
medal at the 2013 European Indoor Championships - a bronze for the 60 metres.
At the 2013 World Championships in Moscow, Soumaré took part in three events - the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4 x 100 metres relay. She was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 100 and 200 metres events. Her 4 x 100 metres relay team finished the third fastest among the 19 national teams taking part in the heats, and thus qualified for the final. In the final, the French team - consisting of Céline Distel-Bonnet, Ayodelé Ikuesan, Soumaré and Stella Akakpo running in the first, second, third and fourth legs respectively - finished the race in second position (42.73 seconds) behind Jamaica. The French relay team members were duly presented their silver medals during the medal ceremony. After the medal ceremony, the British team filed a protest against the French team, claiming that the latter had an out-of-zone baton handover between Ikuesan and Soumaré. More than two hours after the race, the French relay team was officially disqualified. The French delegation appealed against their disqualification, but it was in vain. Consequently, the American team was upgraded to the silver medal and the British team received the bronze medal. Bernard Amsalem, the president of the Fédération française d'athlétisme, called the French team's disqualification "an outrage". He explained that normally the decision to disqualify a team had to be made before the medal ceremony and teams had to file protests within thirty minutes from the end of the race.

</doc>
<doc id="19102545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102545" title="Roundhouse Railroad Museum">
Roundhouse Railroad Museum

The Georgia State Railroad Museum (formerly called the Roundhouse Railroad Museum) is located at the Savannah Shops Complex of the Central of Georgia Railway (CG) in Savannah, Georgia. The complex is considered the most complete antebellum railroad complex in the United States. The museum, located at 655 Louisville Road, is part of a historic district included in the National Register of Historic Places. The historic railroad structures at the Georgia State Railroad Museum site include a partial Roundhouse with operating turntable, partial Machine Shop, Tender Frame Shop, Blacksmith Shop, Boiler House, Storehouse & Print Shop, Lumber and Planing Sheds, Coach and Paint Shops, and a partial Carpentry Shop which now houses Savannah Children's Museum. Many of these structures are open for visitors to explore. 
Site history.
The Central of Georgia Railway started as the Central Rail Road and Canal Company in 1833, and built a passenger station, freight terminal and some shops in the Louisville Road area of Savannah around 1836. However, none of those structures remain today. By the mid-1840s the railway had expanded to of track, and the CG began construction of new shops in 1851. The first completed building was the carpenters' shop in 1853, followed by the original roundhouse, machine shop, tender frame shop, blacksmith shop and several other buildings in 1855. Additional buildings were constructed at the complex into the 1920s.
The roundhouse, turntable and other structures were rebuilt in the late 1920s after a major fire in 1923, as well as to accommodate larger locomotives and rolling stock.
Transition to museum.
The Southern Railway purchased the CG in 1963 and closed the Savannah shops. Subsequently the railway transferred the complex to the City of Savannah. The Coastal Heritage Society, a non-profit organization, opened the museum on the site in 1989.
Museum facilities.
Museum attractions include:

</doc>
<doc id="19102556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102556" title="Bermuda Grace">
Bermuda Grace

Bermuda Grace is a 1994 American television film directed by Mark Sobel. A comedy thriller, it starred William Sadler and David Harewood as a Philadelphia and a British policemen who go on the hunt of a jewel thief to the Atlantic island of Bermuda. It was intended as the first in a series, but this was cancelled due to poor viewing figures. It also featured Serena Scott Thomas, Andrew Jackson, Leslie Phillips and Cliff Parisi.

</doc>
<doc id="19102572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102572" title="Eskifjörður">
Eskifjörður

Eskifjörður (in original Icelandic spelling), or also Eskifjördur, is a town and port in eastern Iceland with a large fishing industry. It has a population of 1,043 and constitutes one of the most populated villages part of the municipality of Fjarðabyggð.
History.
Eskifjörður joined Neskaupstaður and Reyðarfjörður in 1998 to form the new municipality of Fjarðabyggð ("fjords-settlement").
Geography.
The other villages composing the municipality are: Fáskrúðsfjörður (662 inh.), Mjóifjörður (35 inh.), Neskaupstaður (1,437 inh.), Reyðarfjörður (1,102 inh.) and Stöðvarfjörður (203 inh.).
Main sights.
A sculpture by Ragnar Kjartansson is located along the main road in Eskifjördur, commemorating the mariners who drowned at sea.
Also, the mountain Hólmatindur is considered by the locals to be one of the most naturally beautiful in the area.
Eskifjordur has one of the most beautiful rare stone collections in iceland, with thousands of polished, cut and original stones from all over the island, Soren's and Sigurborgar Rare Stone Collection

</doc>
<doc id="19102619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102619" title="Flood Disaster Medal">
Flood Disaster Medal

The Decoration for acknowledgement of excellent deeds performed during a flood disaster (), usually called Flood disaster Medal (), was created by royal decree on 27 March 1855 by King William III of the Netherlands. The medal is intended for those civilians who have shown zeal, courage, leadership, and self-sacrifice during the event of a flood disaster

</doc>
<doc id="19102649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102649" title="Lina Jacques-Sébastien">
Lina Jacques-Sébastien

Lina Jacques-Sébastien (born 10 April 1985 in Créteil, France) is a French sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.
Biography.
She finished sixth in the 100 metres at the 2004 World Junior Championships, and also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay. She won the silver medal in the 100 metres at the 2005 European U23 Championships, and in the 200 metres at the 2005 Mediterranean Games. She competed at the 2005 European Indoor Championships and the 2009 European Indoor Championships without reaching the final.
In the 4 x 100 metres relay she finished fourth at the 2005 World Championships. She also competed at the 2008 Olympic Games together with Muriel Hurtis-Houairi, Myriam Soumaré and Carima Louami, but in their first round heat they did not finish and were eliminated due to a mistake with the baton exchange. Jacques-Sebastien later won a silver medal at the 2009 Jeux de la Francophonie.
Her personal best times are 7.35 seconds in the 60 metres (indoor), achieved in February 2008 in Bordeaux; 11.30 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Sotteville-lès-Rouen; and 22.59 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved at the 2010 European Championships in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="19102651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102651" title="Jerry Shea">
Jerry Shea

Jeremiah "Jerry" Shea (12 August 1892 – 30 June 1947) was a Welsh international dual-code rugby centre who played club rugby for Newport and Pill Harriers under the rugby union code and later represented Wigan Wasps as a rugby league player. Shea was an all round athlete, and was an accomplished swimmer and professional boxer. He is best known as being the first rugby union player to achieve the "Full House" of scoring in an international match.
Rugby union career.
Born in Newport in 1892, Shea initially played rugby union with Pill Harriers, a notoriously tough team from Newport Docks. It was with Pill that Shea gained his first cap for Wales, against the post-war touring New Zealand Army. in 1919, like many Pill players, he switched to Newport RFC, the Harriers first-class rivals. The next year he was selected to play for Wales against England at St Helens in the Five Nations Championship. Unsurprisingly for teams meeting for the first time since the end of the First World War, both teams contained many new caps. It was in this match that Shea would make history by scoring a try, conversion, drop goal, and penalty goal, the first player to do so at an international level. In a rain swept match, Shea opened the scoring in the first half with a penalty goal against the wind. England responded with a try and conversion, both from Harold Day, to take the first half 5-3. Within five minutes of the restart, Shea had drop kicked Wales back into the lead. With twenty minutes remaining, and the Welsh forwards in command, Shea broke through the English defense to score a try under the posts which he easily converted. Wick Powell then scored a second try for Wales, before Shea finished the match with another drop goal, for a convincing Welsh win.
The feat of achieving all four rugby union scores was held by Shea alone until Lewis Jones emulated him thirty years later when on tour with the British Lions against Australia.
Shea would play two more matches for Wales, both on the losing side. Shea found himself at the centre of a controversy before the start of the 1920 game against Scotland, when the Scottish Rugby Union threatened to pull out of the game against Wales as Shea was a professional boxer. A negative response from national newspapers towards the Scottish complaints ensured that the game went ahead. After the game, in which Scotland won 9-5; Shea was criticised in some sections of the press, for attempting to play the match against Scotland single-handed. Shea's final game was played against England on 15 January 1921. Whether or not Shea would have achieved more caps for Wales is unknown as in 1921 he turned professional by joining rugby league side Wigan Wasps in December of that year for a then record fee of £700.
International matches played.
Wales
Rugby league career.
Shea's first game for Wasps was on Christmas Eve, 1921, scoring a try on his debut. He remained with the club for three seasons, two of them as captain, though he never moved to Wigan and always traveled to matches from Wales. On 11 December 1922 he became a dual-code international when he turned out for the Wales national rugby league team in an away match against England. He played his second and final league international match the next year, when Wales beat England 13-2 in an encounter at Wigan. After leaving Wigan, Shea was instrumental in setting up Pontypridd RLFC, a lone professional league team in Wales that competed in the Northern League, though the club failed to find support and folded the following season.
Boxing career.
As well as a rugby player Shea was also a professional boxer, fighting in the welter and middleweight categories. Shea's first professional bout was on the 18 January 1916 against Twiggy Davies at The Park Hall, in Newport. He drew the match but just two weeks later he beat Davies by points decision at the same venue. Although Shea never fought for a major belt, he faced and beat several notable fighters during his nine-year professional career. He twice faced Frank Moody, the British and Commonwealth champion, drawing on points in their first encounter in 1919, and then beating him by points in their rematch at the Empire Theatre in Cardiff the following year. Just two weeks after defeating Moody, Shea was lined up against Ted "Kid" Lewis at the Pavilion in Mountain Ash. Lewis, the former World Welterweight champion, won by a knockout in the first round. In 1920, Shea beat future European Welterweight Champion, Rene DeVos at The Ring in Blackfriars, then in 1922 he defeated the future British light-heavyweight champion Gipsy Daniels at Newport. His final recorded fight was on 17 November 1924 when he faced ex-welterweight champ, Johnny Basham. Shea won the contest on points.

</doc>
<doc id="19102658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102658" title="World Open chess tournament">
World Open chess tournament

The World Open chess tournament is an annual open chess tournament played in most editions in Philadelphia and some editions in New York. The inaugural event was a huge success played in New York in 1973 with 732 participants, and was won by Walter Browne.
The tournament is divided into different sections, with typically 100–200 players in the top section. The 1986 edition had as many as 1507 participants, arguably a world record for a chess tournament. The 2009 edition had 1350 players divided into nine sections. The total prize fund was US$250,000 (first prize in the top section US$15,200). It is usually played in the first week of July, sometimes beginning at the end of June. All editions have been organized by the "Continental Chess Association".
Winners.
All players finishing equal first are listed; the winners after tie-breaks are boldfaced.

</doc>
<doc id="19102705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102705" title="Carima Louami">
Carima Louami

Carima Louami, born in Tourcoing, is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for France.
Louami represented France at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Muriel Hurtis-Houairi, Myriam Soumaré and Lina Jacques-Sébastien. In their first round heat they did not finish and were eliminated due to a mistake with the baton exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19102726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102726" title="Turkey at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Turkey at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Turkey competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. The country was represented by eight athletes, who won a total of one gold medal and one bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19102746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102746" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1965 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1965 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1965. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1965. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19102769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102769" title="Myrtle Grove, Youghal">
Myrtle Grove, Youghal

Myrtle Grove is an Elizabethan gabled house in Youghal, County Cork, Ireland. The house is notable as a rare example in Ireland of a 16th-century unfortified house. It is situated in a secluded spot, close to the church.
History.
It was home for Sir Walter Raleigh in 1588-1589. Myrtle Grove's South Gable is where Edmund Spenser is reputed to have written part of his poem The Faerie Queene. The house was acquired in 1602 from Sir Walter Raleigh's Irish estate by Richard Boyle, who later became Earl of Cork. Though remodeled twice it is still the best Tudor house in Ireland. The house was acquired by Hayman family in the 18th century. 
In the 20th century, it was the home of Sir Henry Arthur Blake and Lady Blake. At this time, the building housed "the best collection of West Indian paintings and sketches". The Blakes lived here until their deaths. They were buried in the garden. 
The house remains in private ownership but is open to the public on certain days of the year.
Legends.
The house is reputed to be where potatoes were first planted in Europe. This is however, unlikely as potatoes were in present in Spain in 1536. There is a similar legend stating that Myrtle Grove was where tobacco was first smoked by Walter Raleigh. A servant was said to have observed Raleigh from behind and seen smoke rising from him. Thinking that Raleigh was on fire he threw a bucket of water on him to douse the fire. This is unlikely to have occurred in Myrtle Grove as the legend is also associated with several of Raleigh's houses.
"Myrtle Grove," a poem written in Spenserian stanzas by James Reiss, and published in Fugue magazine (the University of Idaho), summer/fall 2007, pp. 22-24, develops the legend that Edmund Spenser wrote portions of his great epic, The Faerie Queene, under an aureole window in the South Gable of Raleigh's house.

</doc>
<doc id="19102774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102774" title="Bakkagerði">
Bakkagerði

Bakkagerði is a coastal hamlet in eastern Iceland.
It is part of the municipality of Borgarfjarðarhreppur and situated on the coast of the Borgarfjörður Eystri.

</doc>
<doc id="19102782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102782" title="WFYR">
WFYR

WFYR (FM 97.3) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format and licensed for Elmwood, Illinois, USA, in the Peoria area. The station is owned by Cumulus Media, which purchased the station from Townsquare Media. Cumulus switched the station branding to "Nash FM" with 5 other stations in early September 2013.
They are one of three outlets in Peoria that program a Country format, the other two being 104.9 WXCL and 107.9 WCDD.

</doc>
<doc id="19102783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102783" title="Ziadie family">
Ziadie family

The Ziadie family is prominent in Jamaica, the descendants of half a dozen Maronite Catholic brothers who emigrated from Lebanon in the early 1900s.
Lady Colin Campbell, previously Georgia Ziadie, is descended from this family through her father, Michael Ziadie. She says the Ziadies have gone from being "revered to reviled to treasured as exotica" and are a more important family than the aristocrats into whom she married. The opera director Sir Peter Jonas is her cousin, the son of Hilda May Jonas (née Ziadie), the second of fifteen children of Tewfik Ziadie, Michael Ziadie's brother.

</doc>
<doc id="19102786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102786" title="North Cornwall by-election, 1939">
North Cornwall by-election, 1939

The North Cornwall by-election, 1939 was a parliamentary by-election held on 13 July 1939 for the British House of Commons constituency of North Cornwall.
Previous MP.
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's Liberal Member of Parliament (MP), the Rt Hon. Sir Francis Dyke Acland, Bt. died. Acland was first elected for this seat in the North Cornwall by-election, 1932 and retained it until his death.
Candidates.
The Liberal Party candidate was Thomas Lewis Horabin (1896 – 26 April 1956). He was a business consultant with no local ties and no track record as an election candidate. He was a close friend of John Foot, the influential Liberal candidate for neighbouring Bodmin.
The Conservative candidate was E.R. Whitehouse. He had previously contested the seat at the United Kingdom general election, 1935. The local Labour party had already selected D.C.N. Wakley to contest the forthcoming General Election. However, Labour party Head-quarters successfully put pressure on the local Labour party to withdraw their candidate. The action of the Labour HQ was a clear indication of a desire to electorally co-operate with the Liberal party at a forthcoming General Election, along the lines of a Popular Front.
Result.
The by-election took place shortly before the start of the Second World War. 
It was the last peacetime by-election won by the Liberal Party until the Torrington by-election, 1958.
Aftermath.
Tom Horabin was the Liberal Party Chief Whip from August 1945 until he resigned and left the party in October 1946. He continued to represent North Cornwall until the 1950 general election, first as an Independent and then as a Labour MP from November 1947. In 1950 Horabin contested Exeter, but did not return to the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="19102801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102801" title="Bunker (Berlin)">
Bunker (Berlin)

The Bunker (also "Reichsbahnbunker") in Berlin-Mitte is a listed air-raid shelter.
Originally based on plans of the architect Karl Bonatz, it was constructed in 1943 by Nazi Germany to shelter up to 3,000 Reichsbahn train passengers. The square building has an area of 1000 m² and is 18 metres high; its walls are up to two metres thick. There are 120 rooms on five floors. In May 1945, the Red Army took the building and turned it into a prisoner-of-war camp. From 1949, it was used to store textiles and from 1957, as storage for dry and tropical fruit.
In the summer of 1992, it was turned into a hardcore techno club. Gabba, hard trance, house and breakbeat parties were held on four floors. However, after a raid in 1995 the events became more irregular. A further raid in 1996 placed severe building restrictions on the tenants, causing the club to close. 
In 2001, real estate investor "Nippon Development Corporation GmbH" bought the building from the government. In 2002, it was the venue of the Berlin art festival "Insideout".
Boros Collection.
Christian Boros purchased the bunker for his private collection of contemporary art in 2003. He subsequently had architects Jens Casper and Petra Petersson convert the building into a exhibition space and build a glass-walled penthouse on the roof. The renovation work was finished in 2007. The first exhibition of the permanent collection opened in 2008, featuring selected sculptures, installations, and light and performance works by, among others, Olafur Eliasson, Elmgreen and Dragset, Robert Kusmirowski, Sarah Lucas, Tobias Rehberger, Anselm Reyle, Monika Sosnowska, Santiago Sierra, and Rirkrit Tiravanija. That show opened in 2008 and attracted 120,000 visitors during its nearly four-year run. Opened in 2012, “Sammlung Boros #2,” features 130 works by 23 artists, including Ai Weiwei, Thea Djordjadze, Klara Liden, Wolfgang Tillmans, Cerith Wyn Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="19102871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102871" title="Palestine at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Palestine at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Palestine participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. Palestine was represented by two athletes: Husam Azzam, who had won a bronze medal in the shotput in the previous Games, and Mohammed Fannouna, competing in the long jump and javelin events.
In Athens, Azzam won silver in the shotput, while Fannouna won bronze in the long jump.

</doc>
<doc id="19102889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102889" title="Sikandar (2009 film)">
Sikandar (2009 film)

Sikandar (Hindi: , Urdu: ) is a Bollywood film. The film, which features Parzan Dastur in the lead role with R. Madhavan, Sanjay Suri, Ayesha Kapoor in pivotal roles amongst others is written and directed by Piyush Jha and produced by Sudhir Mishra. The film has terrorism in the Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir as its backdrop. It was known in its production stages as "Foot Soldier". The film was released on 21 August 2009.
Plot.
Sikandar Raza (Parzan Dastur) is a 14-year-old schoolboy in the Kashmir valley. Ever since his parents were killed by jihadis (from Pakistan occupied Kashmir) (militants) 10 years ago, he has lived with his aunt and uncle, in a small town called Kupwara in Kashmir valley. All Sikandar’s desires revolve around the happiness of his foster parents and getting the ball into the goal on the football field. 
One day, on his way to a school football match, Sikandar finds a gun lying on the path. Despite admonishments by his newly made school friend, 14-year-old Nasreen (Ayesha Kapoor), Sikandar picks up the gun and begins a journey into the darker side of his nature. The quiet-yet-strong Nasreen becomes Sikandar’s conscience keeper. She tries to dissuade him from giving in to the lure of the gun. 
Sikandar gets embroiled further and further in situations beyond his control, and people get killed. At first it seems that the happenings occurring alongside Sikandar’s predicament are not connected. But, as layer upon layer is revealed, it becomes clear that Sikandar is the innocent victim in a game being played out between the militants, the army, the peace-bartering politicians and the religious heads of the little Kashmiri town. The pieces of the puzzle come together at the very end, leading to a shocking revelation. The movie is a portrayal of how child psychologies can be moulded, how terrorists are made. "Bholi bhaali rahne do" by Prasoon Joshi wonderfully sums up the movie.
Reception.
Nikhat Kazmi, film critic of the "Times of India", gave it a 3.5 star rating.
The movie is loosely based on Apt Pupil, a Stephen King novel.

</doc>
<doc id="19102890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102890" title="Lispeth">
Lispeth

Lispeth is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on November 29th 1886; its first appearance in book form was in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and it later appeared in subsequent editions of that collection. The tale is an interesting example of Kipling's attitudes to different races and cultures, which is less simple than many accounts of his beliefs allow.
The story is set in Kotgarh, a valley about 30 miles from Simla, the 'summer seat of the British government of India'. It is the home of Sonoo and his wife Jadeh, who, after the maize fails and bears raid their opium poppy field, turn Christian. Lispeth is their daughter, and "'Lispeth' is the Hill or "pahari" pronunciation." Cholera kills Sonoo and Jadeh, and Lispeth becomes servant/companion to the Chaplain's wife at Kotgarh. She grows very lovely, "a stately goddess, five feet ten in her shoes". One day on her walk ("a little constitutional" of 20 to 30 miles says Kipling, with fine irony and huge admiration of the hill people) she finds an unconscious Englishman whom she carries back to the Mission, announcing that she has found her husband. This scandalises the Chaplain and his wife, and they "lectured her severely on the impropriety of her conduct".
The stranger, a traveller hunting plants and butterflies, recovers, but enjoys prolonging his convalescence by flirting with Lispeth, although he is engaged to an English "girl at Home". He is told of her matrimonial plan, and is amused; on leaving, he takes the Chaplain's wife's advice to say he will return to marry Lispeth. (The wife is a "good Christian" and hates scandal. On the other, ironic, hand, Lispeth "being a savage by birth, [...] took no trouble to conceal her feelings.") Of course the Englishman does not return, and after three months of Lispeth's waiting and weeping, the Chaplain's wife tells the truth, saying "it was very wrong and improper of Lispeth to think of marriage with an Englishman, who was of superior clay..." "Then you have lied to me," says Lispeth, and reverts to her own people, marrying a wood-cutter "who beat her after the manner of "paharis"." "'There is no law whereby you can account for the vagaries of the heathen,' said the Chaplain's wife", which shows the ambivalence of Kipling at the end of a story in which the 'native' is shown as honest, simple and admirable, and it is the Christians who are the hypocrites and liars. It is not quite as simple as that: Kipling also suggests that he has heard this story from Lispeth herself, who "when she was sufficiently drunk could sometimes be induced to tell the story of her first love-affair" - which may seem a rather patronising 'European' attitude to 'the natives'.

</doc>
<doc id="19102915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102915" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1965 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1965 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1965. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1965. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19102940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102940" title="1987 World Championships in Athletics – Women's discus throw">
1987 World Championships in Athletics – Women's discus throw

These are the official results of the Women's Discus Throw event at the 1987 World Championships in Rome, Italy. There were a total number of 23 participating athletes, with the final held on Monday August 31, 1987.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19102944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102944" title="List of Cornish dialect words">
List of Cornish dialect words

This is a select list of Cornish dialect words in English—while some of these terms are obsolete others remain in use. Many Cornish dialect words have their origins in the Cornish language and others belong to the West Saxon group of dialects: consequently words listed may not be exclusive to Cornwall.
__NOTOC__
Y.
You - as an emphatic end to a sentence, e.g. "Who's that, you?"; "Drag in the cheeld, you! and don't 'ee lev un go foorth till 'ee 's gone"

</doc>
<doc id="19102946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102946" title="List of state leaders in 110 BC">
List of state leaders in 110 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="19102961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102961" title="Albert G. Blanchard">
Albert G. Blanchard

Albert Gallatin Blanchard (September 6, 1810 – June 21, 1891) was a general in the Confederate army during the American Civil War. He was among the small number of high ranking Confederates to have been born in the North. He served on the Atlantic Coast early in the war, commanding a brigade in Virginia before being reassigned to administrative duty due to his age and health. He then led troops during the Carolinas Campaign in 1865.
Early life and career.
Blanchard was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts. He accepted an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, and graduated 26th in the Class of 1829. Among his classmates was Robert E. Lee. Initially given the rank of brevet second lieutenant in the 3rd U.S. Infantry, he was assigned to various bases on the Western frontier duty, as well as performing recruiting services and helping engineer improvement to the Sabine River. Blanchard served in the United States Army for eleven years before resigning his commission as a first lieutenant in 1840.
He married Marie Louise Herminie Benoist in January 1839, and their eldest daughter Susan Blanchard Elder later became a noted writer. Another daughter was named Marie. The couple moved to her hometown of New Orleans, Louisiana, in the 1840s. He entered the mercantile business there and served as a director of the city's public schools. 
Blanchard returned to the army in May 1846 with the outbreak of the Mexican War, serving as a captain of the volunteer "Phoenix Company" in the 2nd Louisiana Infantry. Serving with distinction in the Battle of Monterey and the Siege of Vera Cruz, he was commissioned as a major in the Regular Army in the 12th U.S. Infantry. After the war, he returned to New Orleans and became a teacher in the public schools until 1850. After working a few years as a surveyor, he went to work as secretary and treasurer for two local railroad companies, including the New Orleans and Carrollton Railroad.
Civil War.
When the Civil War erupted in 1861, Blanchard offered his services to his adopted state and received a commission as the colonel of the 1st Louisiana Infantry regiment. After drilling and training his men, they were transported to Norfolk, Virginia. In May, Blanchard took charge of two divisions under Maj. Gen. Benjamin Huger. He was promoted to brigadier general on September 21, 1861, and given command of a brigade posted at Portsmouth, Virginia. His brigade was present at the Battle of Seven Pines, but held in reserve. Afterwards, he was replaced by Ambrose R. Wright because of his advancing age and the desire for a younger officer to lead the brigade in the field.
Blanchard served in a variety of administrative posts for much of the rest of the war. He served on the court of inquiry for Seth M. Barton in May 1864. In November, he was among the Confederate generals defending Augusta, Georgia, during Sherman's March to the Sea. He led the South Carolina Reserve Brigade in the division of Lafayette McLaws during the Carolinas Campaign, including at the battles of Averasborough and Bentonville.
Postbellum activities.
After the war, Blanchard returned to New Orleans and worked as an assistant city surveyor for the rest of his life. He was an active member of the New Orleans Academy of Sciences for many years.
He died at the age of 80 in New Orleans, Louisiana and was buried there in St. Louis Cemetery No. 1. He is one of nearly two dozen Confederate generals buried in Louisiana.
His diary of his Mexican War experiences is archived in the Louisiana State Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19102989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19102989" title="Strategic objective (military)">
Strategic objective (military)

A strategic military objective represent intermediary and incremental advances within the overall strategic plan in reaching the strategic goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19103049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103049" title="Laurel Pop Festival">
Laurel Pop Festival

The Laurel Pop Festival was a music festival held at the Laurel Race Course in Laurel, MD on July 11–12, 1969.
The festival featured Buddy Guy, Al Kooper, Jethro Tull, Johnny Winter, Edwin Hawkins and Led Zeppelin (on July 11); and Jeff Beck, Ten Years After, Sly and the Family Stone, The Mothers of Invention, Savoy Brown and Guess Who (on July 12).

</doc>
<doc id="19103071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103071" title="Richard Garrett">
Richard Garrett

Richard Garrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103085" title="Ned Temko">
Ned Temko

Ned Temko (born Edward James Temko, 1952) is an American Jewish journalist and newspaper editor who has worked much of his life in the United Kingdom. His articles appear mainly in "The Observer" newspaper and focus on political and social issues. He has previously written for "The Guardian" and was, until 2005, editor of the "Jewish Chronicle". Temko is a regular panelist on the BBC World programme "Dateline London" and BBC TV's "Question Time".
Personal life, education, and career.
Temko was born into a Jewish family in Washington D.C. but currently resides with his family in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19103086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103086" title="Gethsemane (disambiguation)">
Gethsemane (disambiguation)

Gethsemane is a garden in Jerusalem believed to be the place where Jesus and his disciples prayed the night before the crucifixion. Gethsemane is equally remembered as the place where Jesus was betrayed by one of His disciples, Judas Iscariot. The Biblical reference for this is found in the New Testament Gospel of John, chapter 18 and in Matthew chapter 26 from verse 47. It can also be found in Mark's Gospel chapter 14, from verse 43 and Luke's Gospel chapter 22 from verse 47 onwards. Judas came to the Garden of Gethsemane along with Roman soldiers and Jewish Temple guards in order to have Jesus arrested. Since it was dark, a special sign was required in order to identify Jesus from His other disciples. The sign was to be a kiss. This is rather ironic because a kiss was a sign of friendship and love; yet in this instance, it was the sign of betrayal. Gethsemane is therefore also associated with betrayal. In literature, this also helps to explain the poem, "Gethsemane 1914-1918" by Rudyard Kipling below. Kipling's son John was killed in the Battle of Loos on September 27th 1915. Through this poem, Kipling expresses a sense of betrayal that so many young men, his son included, should have had to give up their lives in such a cruel and bloody war.
Gethsemane may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103094" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1964 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1964 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1964. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1964. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19103102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103102" title="Istanbul Animation Festival">
Istanbul Animation Festival

Istanbul Animation Festival () is a festival of animated films founded in 2003 and held annually in November. Festival Director and Founder is Efe Efeoglu. The festival is organised by Alternatif Akım.
Past Years.
4th İstanbul Animation Festival
Price Winners
IAF Grand Price: John and Karen - Matthew Walker
Turkish Short: Akvaryum - Denizcan Yüzgül
Student Film: 458 nm - Jan Bitzer, Ilja Brunk, Tom Weber
First Film: Fetch - Steve Townrow
First Film: Cable - Remi Gamiette
Music Video: Last Time in Clerkeuwell - Alex Budovsky
Advertisement: Nike Fitness - Lobo
Motion Graphic: 8.1 - Deva Van Guylenborg
Jury Special Price: Don't Let It All Unravel - Sarah Cox
3rd İstanbul Animation Festival
Price Winners in Professional Branch
IAF Grand Price: Mind The Gap! - Anastasia Zhuravleva
Best 3D Animation: Stars - Eoghan Kidney
Best 2D Animation: Simone - Aksel Zeydan Göz
Best Visual Effect: Stars - Eoghan Kidney
Best Sound: Stars - Eoghan Kidney
Jury Special Prices:
Carnivore Reflux - Eddie White & James Calver
Islwyn Ogwyn - Jem Roberts
Prize Winners in Amateur Branch
IAF Grand Price: Mind The Gap! - Anastasia Zhuravleva
Best 3D Animation: Hallucii - Goo-Shun Wang
Best 2D Animation: 'Cuz - Emmanuelle Walker
Best Visual Effect: Sperm - Deniz Kader
Best Sound: Mind The Gap! - Anastasia Zhuravleva
Jury Special Prices:
Gazap - Murat Kirişçi
Mavi Kuş - Mustafa Ercan Zırh
2nd İstanbul Animation Festival
Prize Winners in Professional Branch
IAF Grand Price: Yetenikli Bay Köksal - Cenk Köksal
Best 3D Animation: Hand, Gun, Rock, WC - Aslan Elver
Best 2D Animation: Yetenikli Bay Köksal - Cenk Köksal
Best Picture: Foreverlove 2 - Nebi Yıkaroğlu
Best Visual Effect: Dalgalanan Korsan Bayrağı - Burak Özdelice
Best Sound: Dalgalanan Korsan Bayrağı, Kış Gibi - Burak Özdelice
Best Advertisement: Çelik - Anima
Jury Special Prices:
3digital - Gürkan Yılmaz
Foreverlove - Nebi Yıkaroğlu
Prize Winners in Amateur Branch
IAF Grand Price: Rasyonalite ya da Yüzyılın Yazgısı - Emir Benderlioğlu
Best 3D Animation: Caveman - Tuğhan Arslan, Dağhan Demirtaş
Best 2D Animation: Oyun Bitti - Yücel Çavdar
Best Picture: Temas - Erman Manyaslı
Best Visual Effect: Kopi - Ahmet Sönmez
Best Sound: Tangram - Şahin Özbay
Jury Special Prices:
Denizcan Yüzgül
Cem Başak
1st İstanbul Animation Festival
Prize Winners
First: Garden of Love - Onur Yeldan
Second: Ronk and Bird - Arslan Elver
Third: RobotX - Ömer Tatlısöz

</doc>
<doc id="19103118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103118" title="Greg Brooks">
Greg Brooks

Greg Brooks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103150" title="Koil (band)">
Koil (band)

Koil is an Indonesian rock band. Formed in Bandung, West Java in 1993 by singer J.A Verdijantoro (Otong), his brother, guitarist Donnijantoro (Doni), and two of their friends bassist/guitarist Ibrahim Nasution (Imo) and drummer Leon Ray Legoh (Leon).
History.
Early years.
Koil released their first recording material, a mini album called Demo From Nowhere in 1994. This mini album was released in limited copies due to short of funds. Two years after their first effort, a major label named Project Q offered the band a contract for releasing album. Koil started recording their first full album and released it in September 1996. Most of songs in this album were taken from their previous mini album Demo From Nowhere. 
In 1997, Koil’s partnership with Project Q was ended. Deciding to go their own way, Koil released a single called Kesepian Ini Abadi ("This Loneliness stays immortal") through their selfmade independent label, Apocalypse Record. This label was founded by Otong and a close friend of the band, Adam Vladvamp of the band Kubik.
During this era, the band made changes on their stage performing concept and fashion. The using of costumized leather outfits, black color domination, metal accessories, high boots and other items that are identical to industrial goth look become part of the band's new look. 
After releasing the singel, the band worked in studio for the next album. The band is also involved in side projects with some fellow hometown bands like Puppen, Burger Kill and Jasad. Koil also contributed their songs for some compilation albums such as Best Alternative Indonesia, Ticket to Ride and Viking – Persib compilation.
Megaloblast.
On February 2001, after a long hard work, the band released their second album titled Megaloblast. The band also produced video for the song Mendekati Surga ("Approaching Heaven") to promote the album.
On October 2003 a label called Alfa Record offered partnership to re-release the album nationwide. The album was re-released all over Indonesia on December 2003. To promote the album, the band produced two more videos, Kita dapat Diselamatkan ("We Can Be Saved") and Dosa Ini Tak Akan Berhenti ("This Sin Will Not Stop").
In 2005, the band released two singles titled Hiburan Ringan Part I ("Light Entertaintment Part I") and Hiburan Ringan Part II ("Light Entertaintment Part II"). These two songs are included in a soundtrack album for the horror movie called 12:00 AM. A video was made for the song Hiburan Ringan Part II. To promote their new singel, the band performed on some music festivals and appeared on TV.
Blacklight Shines On indonesia.
Adam Vladvamp, an old friend of the band who once started the label Apocalypse with Otong officially becomes member of the band as bassist in 2007. After almost a year of working in studio, Koil's third album was released. Titled Blacklight Shines On, the album contains nine songs plus one hidden track. The band made few copies of the album and gave it for free to the fans. The album was also released through the internet, which means the fans are free to download. A video was made for the song Semoga Kau Sembuh Part II ("Hopefully You Get Sober Part II"). Directed by an Indonesian famous movie director named Rizal Mantovani, the video features the band performing on a stage surrounded by the fans. Darkness, possessed people and other horror situations appear on video as it becomes a soundtrack of (again) a horror movie titled Kuntilanak. Along with the popularity of the video, the band toured and performed in some cities in Java and Bali during 2007–09.
In 2009, guitarist Ibrahim Nasution left the band. The main reason of his departure was unclear and it remains unknown until today as the rest of the band (including Ibrahim himself) never spoke about this matter publicly. After Ibrahim's departure, the band decided not to find any replacement and after two years of five members formation, the band finally returns to four members formation. 
The album Blacklight Shines On was released as repackaged album by major label Nagaswara Record in March 2010. The band added two new songs and one remix song to this album. The cover artwork of the album was also redesigned differently and the title of the album was shortened into "Blacklight".
Discography.
Studio albums
Mini albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19103168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103168" title="Loveman's of Alabama">
Loveman's of Alabama

Loveman's of Alabama was a Birmingham, Alabama-based chain of department stores with locations across Alabama. It adopted this name to distinguish it from Loveman's department stores operating in Chattanooga, Tennessee and in Nashville, Tennessee.
History.
The store was originally founded in 1887, as A.B. Loveman's Dry Goods Emporium at 1915 Second Avenue by Adolph Bernard Loveman. Moses V. Joseph of Selma, Alabama, soon joined the company and it was renamed Loveman & Joseph. In 1889, the company became Loveman, Joseph & Loeb with the addition of Emil Loeb. 
Loveman's primary location was built in 1890, at 200 19th Street on the corner of 3rd Avenue North. The store was expanded in 1899. By 1911, Loveman's was known as the largest, most magnificent department store south of the Ohio River. In 1917, an add-on known as the Loveman's annex was built between the main building and the Alabama Theatre. 
In 1923, Loveman, Joseph & Loeb, along with B. Lowenstein, Inc., of Memphis, Tennessee and Maison Blanche Co., of New Orleans, Louisiana, were the first three department stores of the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based City Stores Company syndicate.
The department store was destroyed in a massive fire on March 10, 1934, although the exterior of the annex survived. The store reopened within a few weeks at a temporary location while a new Loveman's building was built on the site of the fire. The new Loveman's building was completed in 1935. There was a clock on corner of the new building, facing the 19th Street/3rd Avenue intersection, which was a popular local landmark. The new department store was one of the first in the nation to be air conditioned, and the first in Alabama to feature an escalator. 
Loveman's opened its first suburban branch store in Montgomery's Normandale Shopping Center in 1954. In 1966, a store came inline in Huntsville's The Mall. The first Metro Birmingham branch was dedicated, in 1969, at Bessemer's West Lake Mall. Branch stores followed at Fairfield's Western Hills Mall (1970) and Birmingham's Century Plaza (1976). 
City Stores filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in July 1979, forcing liquidation of the chain and closing of the flagship downtown store in April 1980. The downtown Loveman's building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 14, 1983. It now houses the McWane Science Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19103170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103170" title="France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991">
France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991

France and Antenne 2 continued their participation at the Eurovision Song Contest, taking part at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, held in Rome, Italy.
Antenne 2 continued to select their entry internally, choosing Amina Annabi to sing for France with the song "C'est le dernier qui a parlé qui a raison". 
One of the favourites to win, Annabi performed 9th of 22, following Sweden and preceding Turkey. At the close of the voting the song had received 146 points, coming joint 1st place with Sweden's Carola. After the four-way tie at the 1969 contest, a tie-break system had been implemented, where a count-back on the number of top points awarded was used. Since both countries received four 12-points, but Sweden gaining five 10-points over France's two, Sweden was declared the winner with France coming second. 

</doc>
<doc id="19103181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103181" title="7.7 cm Infanteriegeschütz L/27">
7.7 cm Infanteriegeschütz L/27

The 7.7 cm Infanteriegeschütz L/27 was an infantry gun used by Germany in World War I. It was intended to replace the 7.7 cm Infanteriegeschütz L/20, but only saw limited service.
It was another variant of the 7.7 cm FK 96 n.A. using the tube, breech and carriage of the older gun. The carriage was modified with smaller wheels set closer together and lacked the crew seats and lower part of the shield. It was transported in two loads. 
Only enough guns for eighteen batteries had been ordered and delivered in the Spring of 1917 as the Germans continued their search for the ideal infantry gun by ordering the Austrian Skoda 7.5 cm Gebirgskanone 15

</doc>
<doc id="19103210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103210" title="USS Outpost (AGR-10)">
USS Outpost (AGR-10)

USS "Outpost" (AGR-10/YAGR-10) was a "Guardian"-class radar picket ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1956 from the “mothballed” reserve fleet. She was reconfigured as a radar picket ship and assigned to radar picket duty in the North Atlantic Ocean as part of the Distant Early Warning Line.
Liberty ship built in Florida.
"Outpost" (YAGR–10) was originally built as liberty ship "SS Francis J. O’Gara", by the J. A. Jones Construction Co., Panama City, Florida, and turned over to the U.S. Maritime Commission 30 June 1945.
World War II-related service.
The Calmer Steamship Corp. operated "O’Gara" for the Maritime Commission from 30 June 1945 until 4 June 1946. "O’Gara’s" cruises during this period included one to the U.S. West Coast of the United States and one to various European ports.
On 4 June 1946 "O’Gara" was laid up in the Hudson River Reserve Fleet of the United States Maritime Commission. From 28 January 1947 until 14 January 1948 "O’Gara" was operated by the Waterman Steamship Company and then the South Atlantic Steamship Company. During this period she made cruises to Europe, the Near East, and the Orient. On 20 January 1948 "O’Gara" was laid up in the Mobile, Alabama, reserve fleet of the U.S. Maritime Commission.
Conversion to radar picket ship.
On 22 May 1956 the Navy acquired "O’Gara" to be converted into an "Ocean Station Radar Ship". She was assigned the Navy hull number "YAGR–10" and named "Outpost".
"Outpost" was towed from Mobile, Alabama, to the U.S. Naval Shipyard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where conversion was begun to equip her with the electronic detection equipment and communication gear necessary for her role with the Continental Air Defense Command.
Outpost commissioned 6 February 1957, Lt. Comdr. John Leslie Murphy in command.
Radar picked duty.
After shakedown training out of Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, "Outpost" reported to her homeport, Davisville, Rhode Island, 3 June. On 28 June the ship steamed seaward on her first patrol and on 30 June relieved "Brister" (DER-327) on picket station. The ship returned to Davisville 19 July, but by 24 July was underway for another patrol setting the pattern of patrols interrupted by short periods in port.
"Outpost" made a total of six patrols in 1957. These patrols continued into 1958. "Outpost’s" designation was changed to "AGR–10" 28 September 1958.
During the first half of 1961 "Outpost" steamed on station. But in August she steamed south to Florida and the Bahamas. From October 1961 to January 1962 she underwent overhaul at Boston, Massachusetts.
Cuban missile crisis support.
"Outpost" continued her Atlantic patrols in 1962, buttoning up for wartime steaming during the Cuban Missile Crisis. The onset of 1963 found "Outpost" steaming on station as before. In late July the ship visited Halifax, Nova Scotia.
From August through the end of 1963 "Outpost" maintained a record of no misses in reporting air contacts. She visited Halifax again in November before putting into her homeport for the holidays. Early in 1964 she resumed her patrols and continued this pattern of operation until decommissioning 1 July 1965.
Inactivation and sale.
She was returned to the U.S. Maritime Administration 4 February 1966 and was assigned to the National Defense Reserve Fleet and berthed in the Hudson River. She was sold 17 February 1971 for scrapping in Spain.
Honors and awards.
"Outpost" personnel qualified for the following medals:

</doc>
<doc id="19103227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103227" title="Cerium(III) bromide">
Cerium(III) bromide

Cerium(III) bromide is an inorganic compound with the formula CeBr3. This white hygroscopic solid is of interest as a component of scintillation counters. 
Preparation and basic properties.
The compound has been known since at least 1899, when Muthman and Stützel reported its preparation from cerium sulfide and gaseous HBr.Aqueous solutions of CeBr3 can be prepared from the reaction of Ce2(CO3)3·H2O with HBr. The product, CeBr3·H2O can be dehydrated by heating with NH4Br followed by sublimation of residual NH4Br. CeBr3 can be distilled at reduced pressure (~ 0.1 Pa) in a quartz ampoule at 875-880 °C.
Like the related salt CeCl3, the bromide absorbs water on exposure to moist air. The compound melts congruently at 722 °C, and well ordered single crystals may be produced using standard crystal growth methods like Bridgman or Czochralski.
CeBr3 adopts the hexagonal, UCl3-type crystal structure with P63/m Space group. 
Applications.
CeBr3-doped lanthanum bromide single crystals are known to exhibit superior scintillation properties for applications in the security, medical imaging, and geophysics detectors.
Undoped single crystals of CeBr3 have shown promise as a γ-ray 
scintillation detector in nuclear non-proliferation testing, medical imaging, environmental remediation, and oil exploration.

</doc>
<doc id="19103251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103251" title="Angus Dunnington">
Angus Dunnington

Angus Dunnington (born 9 August 1967) is an English poker and online gambling specialist and former professional chess player with the title of International Master (IM). Dunnington is most known for his extensive work in chess opening theory, as well as the psychological apsects of both chess and poker. He stopped playing competitive chess in 2003 in order to spend more time writing, has been a recipient of a Chess Journalists of America award, penned over 1000 articles and is the author of over 20 books, subjects including chess psychology, unorthodox chess openings and online gambling. He is the Poker Ambassador for 32Red Poker.
Notable games.
1.e4 c6 2.d4 d5 3.e5 c5 4.c3 Nc6 5.Be3 Bf5 6.Nf3 Qb6 7.Qd2 e6 8.dxc5 Bxc5 9.Bxc5 Qxc5 10.b4 Qb6 11.Na3 Nge7 12.Nb5 0-0 13.Nbd4 Be4 14.b5 Nxd4 15.Nxd4 f6 16.exf6 Rxf6 17.f3 Bg6 18.a4 e5 19.a5 Qd6 20.Nb3 e4 21.Be2 exf3 22.Bxf3 Qe5+ 23.Kf2 Be4 24.Qd4 Qf4 25.Ra4 Qh4+ 26.Ke2 Rf4 27.Kd2 Nf5 28.Qg1 Qh6 29.Ke1 Bxf3 30.Rxf4 Re8+ 31.Kf2 Qxf4 32.gxf3 Qh4+ 0–1
1.d4 d6 2.c4 e5 3.Nf3 e4 4.Nfd2 f5 5.Nc3 Nf6 6.e3 c6 7.d5 c5 8.b3 g6 9.Bb2 Bg7 10.Ne2 0-0 11.h4 Nxd5 12.Bxg7 Nb4 13.Nf4 Kxg7 14.Qc1 Qf6 15.a3 Nc2+ 16.Qxc2 Qxa1+ 17.Nb1 Nc6 18.Be2 Qe5 19.Nc3 Be6 20.0-0 Bf7 21.Rd1 Nd4 22.exd4 cxd4 23.Ncd5 Bxd5 24.Nxd5 d3 25.Bxd3 exd3 26.Qxd3 Rae8 27.f4 Qe2 28.Qc3+ Kh6 29.Rf1 Re4 30.Qb4 Rf7 31.Qxd6 Rd4 32.Qd8 Rd1 33.Rxd1 Qxd1+ 34.Kh2 Qxb3 35.h5 Qxa3 36.hxg6 hxg6 37.Qh8+ Rh7 38.Qe5 Qc5 39.Qc3 Qd6 40.g3 Rf7 41.Qh8+ Rh7 42.Qc3 b5 43.Nf6 Rf7 44.Nd5 bxc4 45.Qxc4 Rh7 46.Kg2 Rd7 47.Ne3 Qd2+ 48.Kf3 Rd3 49.Qc5 Qd1+ 0–1
Publications.
Dunnington is most recognized for his many publications on chess opening theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19103302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103302" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1963 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1963 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1963. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1963. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19103319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103319" title="Cranberry Lake, New York">
Cranberry Lake, New York

Cranberry Lake is a hamlet in the eastern part of the Town of Clifton, in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. It lies along New York State Route 3 on the north shore of Cranberry Lake. The population was 200 at the 2010 census, which lists the community as a census-designated place.
Cranberry Lake, despite being one of the largest lakes in the Adirondacks, has been mostly kept preserved and natural due to the fact that most of the land is owned by the state of New York. Cranberry Lake also has plenty of ponds and mountains which have trails for extensive hiking. For experienced hikers can travel through the Cranberry Lake 50, and 50 mile hike around the Lake.
Geography.
Cranberry Lake is located at (44.2225615, -74.8362986) and its elevation is .
According to the 2010 United States Census, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and is water.

</doc>
<doc id="19103340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103340" title="Cornelis Caesar">
Cornelis Caesar

Cornelis Caesar (c. 1610–1657) was a Dutch merchant and Dutch East India Company official, serving as Governor of Formosa from 1653 to 1656.
Early career.
After joining the Dutch East India Company, Caesar arrived for his first position in Batavia in 1629. During his first spell in Asia he worked in Quinam, Hirado and finally Tayouan (the capital of Dutch Formosa), rising to Chief Merchant ("opperkoopman"). In 1641 he resigned his position in Formosa to take up another in Hirado, but en route the Dutch were forced to relocate their factory to the artificial island of Dejima by the Japanese government. His work took him back to Formosa, then again to Japan, where he ordered a military action on the west coast of Luzon, which at the time was under enemy (Spanish) control. In 1647 he requested leave, which was granted, and he returned to the Netherlands.
Governor of Formosa.
After returning to Asia in 1651, Caesar was stationed in Batavia. When Nicolas Verburg was to be recalled from Formosa in 1653 it looked as if Carel Hartsinck was set to take over as Governor of the island. However, Hartsinck's patron Governor-General Carel Reyniersz died on April 18 that year, with his successor preferring Caesar as the new Governor of Formosa. Caesar took office on May 24, becoming the 11th Dutch Governor of the colony. He served for three years, being relieved on June 30, 1656 by Frederick Coyett, who was to be the last Governor. Caesar returned to Batavia, where he died on October 5, 1657.

</doc>
<doc id="19103357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103357" title="Agriculture in Sudan">
Agriculture in Sudan

In the early 1990s, agriculture and livestock raising were the main sources of livelihood in Sudan for about 61 percent of the working population. Approximately one-third of the total area of Sudan, the largest country on the African continent is suitable for agricultural development and heavier rainfall in the south permits both agriculture and herding by nomadic tribes.
Agricultural products in total account for about 95 percent of the country's exports. In 1998 there was an estimated 16.9 million hectares (41.8 million acres) of arable land and approximately 1.9 million hectares (4.7 million acres) set aside for irrigation, primarily in the north of the country along the banks of the Nile and other rivers. Cash crops (as of 1999) grown under irrigation in these areas include cotton and cottonseed, which is of primary importance to the economy with 172,000 tons and 131,000 tons produced annually respectively,sesame (220,000 tons), sugarcane (5,950,000 tons), peanuts (980,000 tons), dates (176,000 tons), citrus fruits, yams (136,000 tons), tomatoes (240,000 tons), mangoes, coffee, and tobacco. The main subsistence crops produced in Sudan are sorghum (3,045,000 tons), millet (1,499,000 tons), wheat (168,000 tons), cowpeas, beans, pulses, corn (65,000), and barley. Cotton is the principal export crop and an integral part of the country's economy and Sudan is the world's third largest producer of sesame after India and China.
Growth trends.
The average annual growth of agricultural production declined in the 1980s to 0.8 percent for the period 1980-87, as compared with 2.9 percent for the period 1965-80. Similarly, the sector's total contribution to GDP declined over the years, as the other sectors of the economy expanded. Total sectoral activities, which contributed an estimated 40 percent of GDP in the early 1970s, had fluctuated during the 1980s and represented about 36 percent in 1988. Crop cultivation was divided between a modern, market-oriented sector comprising mechanized, large-scale irrigated and rainfed farming (mainly in central Sudan) and small-scale farming following traditional practices that was carried on in the other parts of the country where rainfall or other water sources were sufficient for cultivation.
Large investments continued to be made in the 1980s in mechanized, irrigated, and rainfed cultivation, with their combined areas accounting for roughly two-thirds of Sudan's cultivated land in the late 1980s. The early emphasis on cotton growing on irrigated land had decreased. Although cotton remained the most important crop, peanuts, wheat, and sugarcane had become major crops, and considerable quantities of sesame also were grown. Rainfed mechanized farming continued to produce mostly sorghum, and short-fiber cotton was also grown. Production in both subsectors increased domestic supplies and export potentials. The increase appeared, however, to have been achieved mainly by expanding the cultivated area rather than by increasing productivity. To stimulate productivity, in 1981 the government offered various incentives to cultivators of irrigated land who were almost entirely government tenants. Subsistence cultivators produced sorghum as their staple crop, although in the northerly, rainfed, cultivated areas millet was the principal staple. Subsistence farmers also grew peanuts and sesame.
Livestock raising, pursued throughout Sudan except in the extremely dry areas of the north and the tsetse-fly-infested area in the far south, was almost entirely in the traditional sector. Camel farming is particularly popular. Because livestock raising provided employment for so many people, modernization proposals have been based on improving existing practices and marketing for export, rather than moving toward the modern ranching that requires few workers.
LAND USE
By 1991 only partial surveys of Sudan's land resources had been made, and estimates of the areas included in different landuse categories varied considerably. Figures for potentially arable land ranged from an estimate of 35.9 million hectares made in the mid-1960s to a figure of 84 million hectares published by the Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources in 1974. Estimates of the amount actually under cultivation varied in the late 1980s, ranging from 7.5 million hectares, including roughly 10 or 11 percent in fallow, to 12.6 million hectares.
Substantial variations also existed in land classified as actually used or potentially usable for livestock grazing. The ministry and the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) have classified about 24 million hectares as pastureland. The 1965 estimate of land use classified 101.4 million hectares as grazing land, and in 1975 an ILO-United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) interagency mission to Sudan estimated the total potential grazing land at between 120 million and 150 million hectares.
Forestland estimates also differed greatly, from less than 60 million hectares by staff of the Forestry Administration to about 915 million hectares by the Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources and the FAO. Dense stands of trees only covered between 20 million and 24 million hectares of the total forestland. Differences in land classification may have been accounted for by use of some woodland areas for grazing and some traditional grazing lands for raising crops. Given the dearth of rainfall during the 1980s and early 1990s, the ecological damage from mechanized farming, and the steady march of desertification, discrepancies in these statistics had little meaning in 1991.
It was generally agreed, however, that in the late 1980s Sudan still had a substantial amount of land suitable for future cropping. The ILO-UNDP mission believed that two-thirds of the potential area for livestock grazing, however, was already in use. In addition to land suitable for cultivation and livestock grazing, Sudan also had about 76 million to 86 million hectares of desert. Additionally, an area of about 2.9 million hectares was covered by swamps and inland water, and about 280,000 hectares were occupied by urban settlements and other man-made features.
Land Tenure.
The right to own property, to bequeath it to heirs, and to inherit it was established by the Permanent Constitution of 1973; this right was suspended in 1985. Sudan had long had a system of land registration through which an individual, an enterprise, or the government could establish title to a piece of land. Such registration had been extensive in northern Sudan, especially in Al Khartum, Al Awsat, and Ash Shamali provinces. Before 1970 all other land (unregistered) belonged to the state, which held ownership in trust for the people, who had customary rights to it. In 1970 the Unregistered Land Act declared that all waste, forest, and unregistered lands were government land. Before the act's passage, the government had avoided interfering with individual customary rights to unregistered land, and in the late 1980s it again adhered to this policy.
The government owned most of the land used by the modern agricultural sector and leased it to tenants (for example, the Gezira Scheme) or to private entrepreneurs, such as most operators of large-scale mechanized rainfed farming. In the late 1980s, however, the great area of land used for pasture and for subsistence cultivation was communally owned under customary land laws that varied somewhat by location but followed a broadly similar pattern. In agricultural communities, the right to cultivate an area of unused land became vested in the individual who cleared it for use. The rights to such land could be passed on to heirs, but ordinarily the land could not be sold or otherwise disposed of. The right was also retained to land left in fallow, although in Bahr al Ghazal, Aali an Nil, and Al Istiwai there were communities where another individual could claim such land by clearing it.
Among the transhumant communities of the north, the rights to cultivated land were much the same, but the dominant position of livestock in community activities had introduced certain other communal rights that included common rights to grazing land, the right-of-way to water and grazing land, the right to grass on agricultural land unless the occupier cut and stacked it, and the right to crop residues unless similarly treated. In the western savannas, private ownership of stands of hashab trees could be registered, an exception to the usual government ownership of the forests. But dead wood for domestic fuel and the underlying grass were common property. Water, a matter of greatest importance to stock raisers, was open to all if free standing, but wells that had been dug and the associated drinking troughs were private property and were retained by the digger season after season. In northern Sudan, especially in the western savanna where increasing population and animal numbers have placed pressure on the land, violations of customary laws and conflicts between ethnic groups over land rights have been growing. Resolution of these problems has been attempted by local government agencies but only on a case-by-case basis.
Irrigated Agriculture.
In 1991 Sudan had a large modern irrigated agriculture sector totaling more than 2 million hectares out of about 84 million hectares that are potentially arable. About 93 percent of the irrigated area was in government projects; the remaining 7 percent belonged to private operations. The Nile and its tributaries were the source of water for 93 percent of irrigated agriculture, and of this the Blue Nile accounted for about 67 percent. Gravity flow was the main form of irrigation, but about one-third of the irrigated area was served by pumps.
History.
The waters of the Nile in Sudan have been used for centuries for traditional irrigation, taking advantage of the annual Nile flood. Some use of this method still continued in the early 1990s, and the traditional shaduf (a device to raise water) and waterwheel were also used to lift water to fields in local irrigation projects but were rapidly being replaced by more efficient mechanized pump systems. Among the first efforts to employ irrigation for modern commercial cropping was the use of the floodwaters of the Qash River and the Baraka River (both of which originate in Ethiopia) in eastern Sudan to grow cotton on their deltas. This project was started in the late 1860s by the Egyptian governor and continued until interrupted by the turbulent period of the 1880s, leading to the reconquest of the country by the British in 1899. Cultivation was resumed in 1896 in the Baraka Delta in the Tawkar area, but in the Qash Delta it only resumed after World War I. Between 1924 and 1926, canals were built in the latter delta to control the flood; sandstorms made canals unfeasible in the Baraka. Between the 1940s and the 1970s, various projects were developed to irrigate land. In 1982 both deltas yielded only one crop a year, watered by the flood. Adequate groundwater, however, offered the eventual possibility of using pump irrigation from local wells for additional cropping or for supplementing any flood shortages.
The drought that affected Sudan in the 1980s was a natural disaster that had a crushing effect on the country's irrigation systems. In 1990-91, for instance, water was so scarce in the Tawkar area that for the first time in 100 years the crops failed.
As of 1990, the country's largest irrigation project had been developed on land between the Blue and White Nile rivers south of their confluence at Khartoum. This area is generally flat with a gentle slope to the north and west, permitting natural gravity irrigation, and its soils are fertile cracking clays well suited to irrigation. The project originated in 1911, when a private British enterprise, Sudan Plantations Syndicate, found cotton suited to the area and embarked on what in the 1920s became the Gezira Scheme, intended principally to furnish cotton to the British textile industry. Backed by a loan from the British government, the syndicate began a dam on the Blue Nile at Sannar in 1913. Work was interrupted by World War I, and the dam was not completed until 1925. The project was limited by a 1929 agreement between Sudan and Egypt that restricted the amount of water Anglo-Egyptian Sudan could use during the dry season. By 1931 the project had expanded to , the maximum that then could be irrigated by the available water, although an additional were added in the 1950s. The project was nationalized in 1950, and was operated by the Sudan Gezira Board as a government enterprise. In 1959 a new agreement with Egypt greatly increased the allotment of water to Sudan, as did the completion in the early 1960s of the Manaqil Extension on the western side of the Gezira Scheme. By 1990 the Manaqil Extension had an irrigated area of nearly hectares, and with the eventually attained by the original Gezira Scheme, the combined projects accounted for half the country's total land under irrigation.
In the early 1960s, the government set up a program to resettle Nubians displaced by Lake Nubia (called Lake Nasser in Egypt), which was formed by the construction of the Aswan High Dam in Egypt. To provide farmland for the Nubians, the government constructed the Khashm al Qirbah Dam on the Atbarah River and established the Halfa al Jadidah (New Halfa) irrigation project. Located west of Kassala, this project was originally designed to irrigate about . In 1982 it was the only large irrigation project in the country that did not use the waters of the Blue Nile or White Nile. The resettlement was effected mainly after completion of the Khashm al Qirbah Dam in 1964. Part of the irrigated area was also assigned to local inhabitants. The main commercial crops initially introduced included cotton, peanuts, and wheat. In 1965 sugarcane was added, and a sugar factory having a design capacity of 60,000 tons was built to process it. The project enabled of land to be irrigated for the first time. Heavy silting as well as serious problems of drainage and salinity occurred. As a result, by the late 1970s the reservoir had lost more than 40 percent of its original storage capacity and was unable to meet the project water requirements. These problems persisted in the early 1990s.
The multipurpose Roseires Dam was built in 1966 and power- generating facilities were installed in 1971. Both the water and the power were needed to implement the Rahad River irrigation project located east of the Rahad River, a tributary of the Blue Nile. The Rahad entered the Blue Nile downstream from the dam and during the dry season had an insufficient flow for irrigation purposes. Work on the initial of the project began in the early 1970s, the first irrigation water was received in 1977, and by 1981 about 80 percent of the prepared area was reported to be irrigated. (In May 1988, the World Bank agreed to provide additional funding for this and other irrigation projects). Water for the project was pumped from the Blue Nile, using electric power from the Roseires plant, and was transported by an eighty-kilometer-long canal to the Rahad River (en route underpassing the Dindar River, another Blue Nile tributary). The canal then emptied into the Rahad above a new barrage that diverted the combined flow from the two sources into the project's main irrigation canal. Irrigation was by gravity flow, but instead of flat field flooding, furrow irrigation was used, because it permitted more effective use of machinery.
In the 1920s, private irrigation projects using diesel pumps also had begun to appear in Al Khartum Province, mainly along the White Nile, to provide vegetables, fruit, and other foods to the capital area. In 1937 a dam was built by the Anglo-Egyptian condominium upstream from Khartoum on the White Nile at Jabal al Awliya to regulate the supply of water to Egypt during the August to April period of declining flow. Grazing and cultivated land along the river was flooded for almost . The government thereupon established seven pump irrigation projects, partially financed by Egypt, to provide the area's inhabitants with an alternative to transhumance.
This irrigation project eventually proved successful, making possible large surpluses of cotton and sorghum and encouraging private entrepreneurs to undertake new projects. High cotton profits during the Korean War (1950–53) increased private interest along the Blue Nile as well, and by 1958 almost half the country's irrigated cotton was grown under pump irrigation. During the 1960s, however, downward fluctuations in world cotton prices and disputes between entrepreneurs and tenants led to numerous failures of pump irrigation projects. In 1968 the government assumed ownership and operation of the projects, establishing the Agricultural Reform Corporation for this purpose, and the takeover began that year with the larger estates. Subsequently, as leases expired, the corporation acquired smaller projects, until May 1970 when all outstanding leases were revoked. A considerable number of small pump operations that developed on privately owned land, chiefly along the main Nile but also on the Blue Nile, continued to operate.
Since the 1950s, the government has constructed a number of large pump projects, mostly on the Blue Nile. These have included the Junayd project on the right bank of the Blue Nile east of the Gezira Scheme. This project, with an irrigated area of about , went into operation in 1955 to provide an alternative livelihood for nomadic pastoralists in the area. It produced cotton until 1960, when about were converted to sugarcane. A sugar factory built to process the crop (with a potential capacity of 60,000 tons of sugar a year) opened in 1962. In the early 1970s, the Japanese-assisted As Suki project, also of , was established upstream from Sannar to grow cotton, sorghum, and oilseeds. In the mid-1970s, the government constructed a second project near Sannar of about hectares. In addition to cotton and other crops such as peanuts, about of the area were devoted to raising sugarcane. The cane-processing factory, with a design capacity of 110,000 tons of sugar a year, opened in 1976. Several smaller Blue Nile projects added more than an additional to Sudan's overall irrigated area during this time.
In the 1970s, when the consumption and import of sugar grew rapidly, domestic production became a priority, and two major pump-irrigated sugar plantations were established on the White Nile in the Kusti area. The Hajar Asalaya Sugar Project, begun in 1975, had an irrigated area of about 7,600 hectares. The sugar factory, completed in 1977, had a potential annual capacity of 110,000 tons. The Kinanah Sugar Project, which had almost under irrigation in 1981 and had a future potential of over , was one of the world's largest sugar- milling and refining operations. In 1985-86 production reached more than 330,000 tons a year. This project, first proposed in 1971, was beset with funding problems and overruns that increased overall costs from the equivalent of US$113 million estimated in 1973 to more than US$750 million when the plant opened officially in early 1981.
The Kinanah Sugar Project, unlike the country's four other government-owned sugar projects, was a joint venture—among the governments of Sudan, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia, and the Arab Investment Company, the Sudan Development Corporation, Kinanah Limited, and the AAAID, including local Sudanese banks. An initial trial run in the 1979-80 cane season produced 20,000 tons of sugar. Yield increased to an estimated 135,000 to 150,000 tons the following season. Production at the Hajar Asalaya factory did not get under way until the 1979-80 season because of cane and sugar-processing difficulties. Problems have also affected the other three state sugar factories, but as a result of proposed World Bank management, the output total of these four government operations for the 1984-85 season improved to nearly 200,000 tons. Output declined to 159,000 tons in 1985-86 because of the drought. In 1989 sugarcane production reached 400,000 tons.
Rainfed Agriculture.
Cultivation dependent on rainfall falls into two categories. Most Sudanese farmers always have relied on rainfed farming. In addition to these traditional farmers, a large modern mechanized rainfed agriculture sector has developed since 1944-45, when a government project to cultivate the cracking clays of central Sudan started in the Al Qadarif area of Ash Sharqi Province, largely to meet the food needs of army units stationed in the British colonies in eastern Africa (present-day Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda). An average of about 6,000 hectares a year was cultivated between 1945 and 1953, producing chiefly sorghum, under a sharecropping arrangement between the government and farmers who had been allocated land in the project. These estates proved costly, however, and in 1954 the government began encouraging the private sector to take up mechanized farming in the area, a policy that continued after Sudan gained independence in 1956. Under the new approach, the government established several state farms to demonstrate production methods and to conduct research. Research activities have been very limited, however, because of staffing and funding problems, and the farms have been operated essentially as regular production units.
The private sector response was positive, and by 1960 mechanized farming had spread into other areas of the cracking clay zone in Ash Sharqi and Al Awsat provinces. The government set aside rectangular areas that were divided into plots of 420 hectares (later raised in places to 630 hectares) each. Half of these plots were leased to private farmers, the other half left in fallow. After four years, the originally leased land was to be returned to fallow and the farmer was to receive a new lease to an adjacent fallow area. When the demand for land grew faster than it could be demarcated, areas outside the designated project limits were taken over by private individuals. The four-year lease proved unpopular because it meant new investment in clearing land every four years, and apparently much of the worked land continued to be cultivated while fallow land was also placed under cultivation. By 1968 more than 750,000 hectares were being cultivated, of which it was estimated that more than 200,000 hectares constituted unauthorized holdings. The average agricultural production growth rate declined, however, from 2.9 percent in the period between 1965 and 1980, to 0.8 percent in the period between 1980 and 1987. Reportedly, for the 1991-92 season, the Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources planned for about 7.3 million hectares of food crops to be planted, with about 1.6 million hectares planted in the irrigated sector and about 5.7 million hectares in the rain-fed areas.
The investment requirements for mechanized farming favored prosperous cultivators, and eventually most farms came to be operated by entrepreneurs who raised capital through mortgageable property or other assets in the urban centers. Through arrangements with other individuals, these entrepreneurs frequently managed to control additional plots beyond the legal limit of two. Their ability to obtain capital also permitted them to abandon depleted land and to move into newly demarcated uncleared areas, a practice that had a deleterious impact upon the environment, deprived the indigenous inhabitants of work opportunities, and increased desertification. In 1968, to expand the operator base and to introduce more control over land allocation, crops, and farming methods, the government established the Mechanized Farming Corporation (MFC), an autonomous agency under the Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources. From 1968 through 1978, the IDA made three loans to the government to enable the MFC to provide technical assistance, credit for landclearing and machinery, and marketing aid to individual farmers and cooperative groups. The MFC also became the operator of state farms.
In the late 1970s, about 2.2 million hectares had been allocated for mechanized farming, and about 420,000 hectares more had been occupied without official demarcation. About 1.9 million hectares in all were believed to be under cultivation in any one season. Of the officially allocated land, more than 70 percent was held by private individuals. Private companies had also begun entering the field, and some allocations had been made to them. State farms accounted for another 7.5 percent. About 15 percent of the total allocated land was in MFC-IDA projects. The largest proportion of mechanized farming was in Ash Sharqi Province, 43 percent; the next largest in Al Awsat Province, 32 percent; and about 20 percent was in Aali an Nil Province. Mechanized farming had also been initiated in southern Kurdufan Province through a project covering small-scale farmers in the area of the Nuba Mountains, but under a different government program. Proposals also have been made for MFC projects using mechanized equipment in other areas of southern Kurdufan (some have already been tried) and southern Darfur provinces. There were serious feasibility problems in view of competition for land and conflicts with traditional farming practices, difficult soil conditions, and the probable negative effect on the large numbers of livestock of nomads.
Only a few crops had been found suitable for cultivation in the cracking clay area. Sorghum had been the principal one, and during the early 1980s it was planted on an average of about 80 percent of the sown area. Sesame and short-fiber cotton were also grown successfully but in smaller quantities, sesame on about 15 percent of the land and cotton on about 5 percent. Soil fertility has reportedly been declining because of the continued planting of sorghum and the lack of crop rotation. Yields have apparently decreased, but in view of the area's greatly varying climatic conditions and the uncertain production data, definitive conclusions on trends appeared premature.
Fishing.
Fishing was largely carried out by the traditional sector for subsistence. An unknown number of small operators also used the country's major reservoirs in the more populated central region and the rivers to catch fish for sale locally and in nearby larger urban centers. The few modern fishing ventures, mainly on Lake Nubia (Nasser) and in the Red Sea, were small.
Forestry.
The forestry subsector comprised both traditional gatherers of firewood and producers of charcoal--the main sources of fuel for homes and some industry in urban areas—and a modern timber and sawmilling industry, the latter government owned. Approximately 21 million cubic meters of wood, mainly for fuel, were cut in 1987. Gum arabic production in FY 1986-87 was about 40,000 tons. In the late 1980s, it became in most years the second biggest export after cotton, amounting to about 11 percent of total exports.

</doc>
<doc id="19103358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103358" title="Uiraúna">
Uiraúna

Uiraúna is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Paraíba.
History.
It is said that the town starts with the Indians Icós, branch of the tribe of Cariris Old, who chose the region that today is Uiraúna by the presence of fish from the river, which at the time was the main means of survival. 
Around 1768 was donated to Alferes Moreira and Joao Nunes Leitão "sesmaria" of the number 323, in the colonial period, specifically at the time of capitanias hereditary. Thus began arriving cattle farmers who have settled in the region where they developed their business. The coming of creators had as the main reason the sugar competition with the West, who made several captains and colonels clearing the sertão go in search of the area for planting, but instead plant began to encourage more livestock and the front door would be of entry for the expansion of cotton growing. 
Also in the period of slavery was born in Brazil, especially in the states of the Northeast and South, a new class of workers, the tropeiros, which had role of extreme importance to the towns and cities of the interior, because in the absence of trucks (which was invented in 1896, but for having very high cost only came to Brazil decades later) they were going in the conduct of troops of mules in other cities seek products that the interior needed. The tropeiros uiraunenses were known as "Tropeiros of the Hinterland" and generally went to Mossoró in search of "rapadura", cotton and flour. 
Following a jump in time and arrive in a period known as Old Republic is Bethlehem, land already well developed in that era was the scene of two major rebellions famous until today, they are the Column Prestes and Lampião. Column Miguel Costa Prestes, better known by Column Prestes was a politico-military movement that preached the dissatisfaction with the Old Republic, the requirement of secret ballots and the defense of public education, led by Luis Carlos Prestes rebellion passing through the land of Father France, first by the community of Aparecida, shortly after arriving at Luis Gomes and then returning to the land uiraunenses vai d'Water Dry Eye, then to Santa Umbelina and also to Quixaba, when part toward the city of Vieirópolis. Lampião was the most famous cangaceiro the history of Brazil, in Uiraúna their visits (1927) were considerably faster and both the first and second did the same path. A curious fact is the comment that was from the rearward of Lampião in the region which began to lose in their battles until eleven years later was dead. 
Also in the corresponding period the Old Republic was a fact that influenced the formation of the city, this event was the uprising of Juazeiro, which was an armed confrontation between the oligarchies cearenses and the federal government caused by interference from the central power in state politics, or in 1911 the mayor of Juazeiro do Norte Father Cicero decided not to accept some orders of the federal government, in response the government sent troops establishing a genuine internal conflict throughout cearense, so many people with fear of what could happen if refuge in other cities, thus four musicians from the town of Old Mission in Uiraúna stop and came in search of employment sought Father Costa that together had the idea of teaching music to uiraunenses thus was born in 1914 in Banda Costa Correia, which today is called Banda Jesus, Mary and Joseph and gives the council the title of land of musicians. 
You cannot stop speaking in that rescue the past, cotton, as it had said before were the cattle farmers of the nineteenth century that gave great contribution to its development in these lands. The "white gold" as it was formerly called if adequou perfectly to the ground and uiraunense Paraíba, and as there were several high yield cotton plants came to Uiraúna, as SAMBRA and ALGASA. The city lived on cotton and its development came through it by bringing the PARAIBAN as banks, Caixa Economica Federal and Bradesco, but an insect from Central America, the bicudo, infested the entire Brazil bringing very high losses for the city as the prime example end of all these companies mentioned above and the loss of all production, leading Uiraúna and all Brazil to a serious crisis. 
Chegando in 1953, he seo former district, now emancipated and new name - Uiraúna - the first being appointed mayor by the governor of Paraiba, at the time, Joao Fernandes de Lima. The first elections were to happen was born in 1955 when the first parties and their respective lideranças.Comandado by Osvaldo Bezerra Cascudo the Social Democratic Party (PSD) was characterised on the national level, for its broad representation throughout Brazil and to be formed by politicians Conservatives associated with Getúlio Vargas, because the National Democratic Union (UDN) was led by Olinto Pinheiro which was characterised by the representation of the opposition in the city and also in Brazil. In a similar policy between the Brazilian and uiraunense, it is noted that both had similar characteristics, as in the period from 1945 to 1960 in Brazil only won the party linked to Vargas (PSD and PTB) and only by his populism in 1961 Jânio Quadros ( the UDN) was elected, also Uiraúna, from 1956 to 1963 it won only candidates linked to the PSD of Cascudo in 1964 and only the opposition Joaquim Moreira (UDN) is also elected by his populism and his innovative ideas. 
In 1964 Brazil was through enormous transformations generated by the coup, leading to military dictatorship, which shook the nation and brought profound changes. Because at the time a city of small, the impact of the scheme were not as large in area, only on the wheels of society was discussed the matter and some students and teachers protested what was happening, but not entusiasmaram to rebel. The changes were small, only the PSD of Cascudo has been called MDB and UDN, Olinto became the ARENA.
Emancipation policy.
The struggle for political autonomy began around 1942, and completed only on December 2, 1953, under State Law, number 972. Signed by the then governor of Paraiba, Jose Fernandes de Lima, the law provided for the official installation of the municipality of December 27 of that year. On this date was sworn the first mayor, northern riograndense Adolfo Rodrigues. 
The main supporter of autonomy was Osvaldo Bezerra Cascudo, with the contribution of the state then Mr Fernando Carrilho Milanez.
Geography.
According to the IBGE (IBGE) in the year 2007 the population was estimated at 14,454 inhabitants. Territorial area of 295 square km.He had in recent years a great economic growth influenced mainly by trade, which is their main activity.
Topography.
Land plans casualties and little Highlighting the most high - Mastruço Peak, located in the town of Quixaba de Cima.
Hydrography.
The rainfall on average is approximately 300 to 500 ml per year. The council has no rivers importance, only there is the River of fish - temporary, whose source is in Sierra council's Tank, draining the area of the town of Fazenda Nova (Buenos Aires) following towards city of St. John of the Rio Fish. It noted that the city's water supply is from the Açude Public Arrojado.
Economy.
The large contingent rural farming has low technology as the main means of existence, since the primary economy has significant share in GDP township. In this perspective, it is agricultural activity in the polyculture of beans, maize, rice, sugar cane-of-ácuçar and cultivation of cassava and banana and coconut in the regions of land roxa.A livestock, is operated through the creation of extensive cattle, sheep, Goats and pigs. 
In the secondary sector, activity that turns crude into products subject to consumption, it is small indútrias that make use of low-tech and manufacturing atersanal to produce materials for cleaning, seasonings, soy milk and solar cooker. As there is an exception factory processing of maize, which is used for advanced technology. 
Most of the urban population is connected tertiary activities. The movement of goods in recent years took a step forward both internally and externally given the expectations surrounding municipalities of becoming a major commercial center with great influence from the states of Ceara and Rio Grande do Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="19103362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103362" title="François Mingaud">
François Mingaud

Captain François Mingaud (sometimes spelled Mingot, Mengaud or Minguad, and often referred to simply as M. Mingaud; born 4 January 1771 Le Cailar, Nîmes, France, died 23 December 1847, Rotterdam, Netherlands) was an infantry officer in the French army and a carom billiards player. He is credited as the inventor of the leather for a billiards cue, a "possibly not original idea" that he perfected whilst imprisoned in Paris for political outspokenness. This revolutionized the game of billiards, allowing the cue ball to be finely manipulated by the application of .
In 1807 he was released from prison and began to demonstrate his invention and spin technique in Paris. Part of his showmanship involved feigning extreme horror as the cue ball recoiled towards him after striking the object ball, and then persuading the audience that the balls should be seized and condemned because they were "tormented by a devil". Mingaud is also credited with the discovery that by raising the cue vertically he could perform what is now known as a shot.
Personal life.
Mingaud was born in 1771 in Le Cailar near Nîmes in the Département of the Gard in France. He joined the army under Napoleon and served as a Captain.
After his release from prison in Paris during 1807 he toured France and Europe demonstrating his 'trick shot' prowess.
In 1822 Mingaud settled on the Hoogstraat in Rotterdam and by 1825, when he was 54, he had remarried.
Billiards.
Mingaud was imprisoned in Paris, having been an outspoken critic of Napoleon's army. In prison he had access to a billiard-table and so studied the game of billiards. It is surmised that, in an age of simple wooden cues, others had experimented with leather tips but it was Mingaud who perfected both the design and the appropriate playing technique.
In or about 1790 a new practice of rounding off the entire tip further decreased slippage. Some publications credit Mingaud with not just the invention of the leather cue tip but with the practice of rounding off a cue's terminus, while other publications ascribe the practice to no particular author. Regardless, application of spin remained a hit or miss affair, with no fine control yet possible, and miscues still "unavoidable where hard wood came in contact with slippery ivory." Application of or "twist" (sometimes called "English", especially in North America) was at the time an unknown artform.
Impact on the game.
In 1807, Mingaud was released from the bastille and began to demonstrate his invention and technique in the cafes of Paris. He reportedly developed a repertoire of 40 shots, including glancing blows, side-spin, backspin, topspin and the raised cue 'massé' shots.
Reputation.
Mingaud's reputation grew rapidly and he became known as the 'great master of the game'. According to "Roberts on Billiards" published in 1893 by John Roberts :
"A few years later 1807 he became known as the great master of the game. He could nurse a break, screw, and cause his ball to follow with the utmost nicety and certainty."
Invention of the Massé shot.
Mingaud is also credited with the discovery that by raising the cue vertically, to the position adopted by the mace (The forerunner of the cue, similar to a light-weight golf club, with a square-fronted foot that was generally used to shove rather than strike the cue ball.), he could perform what is now known as a shot.
Book - "Noble Jeu de Billard".
In 1827 Mingaud published a book in Paris titled "Noble Jeu de Billiard - Coups extraordinaires et surprenans." ("The Noble Game of Billiards. Extraordinary and surprising strokes") It contained 43 copper-plate images and precise instructions for performing 70 strokes.
In circa 1829/30 this book was translated and published in English by the Billiards table Manufacturer John Thurston of 14 Catherine Street, The Strand. It was published in English as :
"Extraordinary and surprising strokes which have excited the admiration of most of the Sovereigns of Europe."
Death and commemoration.
He died in 1847 and his grave is in the churchyard at Kralingen-Crooswijk, a suburb of Rotterdam.
In Spanish, "Mingo" is a slang term that refers to the red ball used in carom billiards. It is named after Mingaud.
In the 1990s, Cees Sprangers began to research the 'lost mystery' that Mingaud had become. His results were published in essay form in 1994 in Victor Stein and Paul Rubino's "Billiard Encyclopedia". He revealed many details of Mingaud's life, including his first name, fleshed out his personal history, and to a large extent, clarified the details on his role in the invention of the leather cue tip.

</doc>
<doc id="19103364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103364" title="Nicolas Verburg">
Nicolas Verburg

Nicolas Verburg (also Nicholas or Nicolaas Verburgh) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1649 to 1653.

</doc>
<doc id="19103365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103365" title="Greg Brooks (artist)">
Greg Brooks (artist)

Greg Brooks is an American comic book artist, best known for his work on the 1988 Crimson Avenger mini-series. He also did work on the Green Lantern, as well as two Marvel titles.
In 1988, he was convicted of murdering his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19103379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103379" title="Carmichael's totient function conjecture">
Carmichael's totient function conjecture

In mathematics, Carmichael's totient function conjecture concerns the multiplicity of values of Euler's totient function φ("n"), which counts the number of integers less than and coprime to "n". It states that, for every "n" there is at least one other integer "m" ≠ "n" such that φ("m") = φ("n").
Robert Carmichael first stated this conjecture 1907, but as a theorem rather than as a conjecture. However, his proof was faulty and in 1922 he retracted his claim and stated the conjecture as an open problem.
Examples.
The totient function φ("n") is equal to 2 when "n" is one of the three values 3, 4, and 6. Thus, if we take any one of these three values as "n", then either of the other two values can be used as the "m" for which φ("m") = φ("n").
Similarly, the totient is equal to 4 when "n" is one of the four values 5, 8, 10, and 12, and it is equal to 6 when "n" is one of the four values 7, 9, 14, and 18. In each case, there is more than one value of "n" having the same value of φ("n").
The conjecture states that this phenomenon of repeated values holds for every "n".
Lower bounds.
There are very high lower bounds for Carmichael's conjecture that are relatively easy to determine. Carmichael himself proved that any counterexample to his conjecture (that is, a value "n" such that φ("n") is different from the totients of all other numbers) must be at least 1037, and Victor Klee extended this result to 10400. A lower bound of formula_1was given by Schlafly and Wagon, and a lower bound of formula_2 was determined by Kevin Ford in 1998.
The computational technique underlying these lower bounds depends on some key results of Klee that make it possible to show that the smallest counterexample must be divisible by squares of the primes dividing its totient value. Klee's results imply that 8 and Fermat primes (primes of the form 2"k"+1) excluding 3 do not divide the smallest counterexample. Consequently, proving the conjecture is equivalent to proving that the conjecture holds for all integers congruent to 4 (mod 8).
Other results.
Ford also proved that if there exists a counterexample to the Conjecture, then a positive fraction (that is infinitely many) of the integers are likewise counterexamples.
Although the conjecture is widely believed, Carl Pomerance gave a sufficient condition for an integer "n" to be a counterexample to the conjecture . According to this condition, "n" is a counterexample if for every prime "p" such that "p" − 1 divides φ("n"), "p"2 divides "n". However Pomerance showed that the existence of such an integer is highly improbable. Essentially, one can show that if the first "k" primes "p" congruent to 1 ("mod q") (where "q" is a prime) are all less than "q""k"+1, then such an integer will be divisible by every prime and thus cannot exist. In any case, proving that Pomerance's counterexample does not exist is far from proving Carmichael's Conjecture. However if it exists then infinitely many counterexamples exist as asserted by Ford.
Another way of stating Carmichael's conjecture is that, if
A("f") denotes the number of positive integers "n" for which φ("n") = "f", then A("f") can never equal 1. Relatedly, Wacław Sierpiński conjectured that every positive integer other than 1 occurs as a value of A("f"), a conjecture that was proven in 1999 by Kevin Ford.

</doc>
<doc id="19103382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103382" title="Richard Garrett (1755–1839)">
Richard Garrett (1755–1839)

Richard Garrett (12 October 1755 – 20 October 1839) founded Richard Garrett & Sons, the agricultural machinery manufacturing plant in Leiston in the English county of Suffolk. The company was the largest employer in Leiston in the nineteenth century. Part of the works is preserved as the Long Shop Museum in Leiston.
Firstborn of twelve children in Melton, Suffolk, Garrett married Elizabeth Newson on 1 October 1778 and they had six sons and three daughters. When Elizabeth died in 1794, Garrett married Jemima Cottingham. Elizabeth came from Leiston and the couple settled there upon marriage. He became a bladesmith and gunsmith at a High Street forge rented from William Cracey. He was soon employing eight men and by 1830 the works had 60 employees. His son Richard (the third to bear the name) succeeded him as works manager in 1826 and the fourth Richard transformed it into a nationally significant manufacturer of steam engines and traction engines.
Garrett's descendants include Newson Garrett, founder of Snape Maltings, Elizabeth Garrett Anderson, first female doctor, and Millicent Garrett Fawcett, women's rights activists.

</doc>
<doc id="19103385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103385" title="Pieter Anthoniszoon Overtwater">
Pieter Anthoniszoon Overtwater

Pieter Anthoniszoon Overtwater, also known as Anthonisz. or over 't Water (c. 1610 – 28 or 29 April 1682), was a merchant/trader and official of the Dutch East India Company ("Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie" or VOC).
Career.
Overtwater joined the VOC in 1640. Before this, he was a conrector of a school in Hoorn and had no commercial experience.
He was the Dutch opperhoofd at Dejima in Japan from October 1642 to August 1643, and again from November 1644 to November 1645. He proposed to start a new factorij in the north of Japan, an unacceptable proposal for the Japanese interpreter, who refused to translate it. The Japanese however were interested to learn how to use a mortar, but Overtwater was not very willing to explain. 
He was Governor of Formosa from 1646 to 1649 and criticized. The east coast of Formosa was left by the company, being unprofitable and dangerous. 
He was stationed in Ceylon and in 1666 in the Cape colony, where he proposed that children of Malabar slaves could be baptized. In 1677 he was fired as an extraordinary council in Batavia, being accused of corruption or unfair trade.

</doc>
<doc id="19103386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103386" title="Héradsflói">
Héradsflói

Héradsflói is a bay in eastern Iceland, formed by the outflowing of the Jokulsa river.

</doc>
<doc id="19103389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103389" title="1977 River Plate Championships (tennis)">
1977 River Plate Championships (tennis)

The first 1977 ATP Buenos Aires was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on April 14, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19103396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103396" title="Network Security Toolkit">
Network Security Toolkit

The Network Security Toolkit (NST) is a Linux-based Live CD that provides a set of open source computer security and networking tools to perform routine security and networking diagnostic and monitoring tasks. The distribution can be used as a network security analysis, validation and monitoring tool on servers hosting virtual machines. The majority of tools published in the article "Top 125 security tools" by Insecure.org are available in the toolkit. NST has package management capabilities similar to Fedora and maintains its own repository of additional packages.
Features.
Many tasks that can be performed within NST are available through a web interface called NST WUI. Among the tools that can be used through this interface are nmap with the vizualization tool ZenMap, ntop, a Network Interface Bandwidth Monitor, a Network Segment ARP Scanner, a session manager for VNC, a minicom-based terminal server, serial port monitoring, and WPA PSK management.
Other features include visualization of ntopng, ntop, wireshark, traceroute, netflow and kismet data by geolocating the host addresses, IPv4 Address conversation, traceroute data and wireless access points and displaying them via Google Earth or a Mercator World Map bit image, a browser-based packet capture and protocol analysis system capable of monitoring up to four network interfaces using Wireshark, as well as a Snort-based intrusion detection system with a "collector" backend that stores incidents in a MySQL database. For web developers, there is also a JavaScript console with a built-in object library with functions that aid the development of dynamic web pages.
Host Geolocations.
The following example ntop host geolocation images were generated by NST. 
Network Monitors.
The following image depicts the "interactive" dynamic SVG/AJAX enabled Network Interface Bandwidth Monitor which is integrated into the NST WUI. Also shown is a Ruler Measurement tool overlay to perform time and bandwidth rate analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19103397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103397" title="1977 Argentine Championships (tennis)">
1977 Argentine Championships (tennis)

The second 1977 ATP Buenos Aires was an men's tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that was part of the Grand Prix circuit and played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 11th edition of the tournament and was held from November 21 through November 27, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19103398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103398" title="Cybosia mesomella">
Cybosia mesomella

The Four-dotted Footman ("Cybosia mesomella") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 25–33 mm. The moth flies June to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on low vegetation such as Heather.

</doc>
<doc id="19103401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103401" title="Moyne Abbey">
Moyne Abbey

Moyne Abbey is one of most impressive ecclesiastical ruins in Mayo and a National Monument. It was founded by the Burke family as a Franciscan friary and consecrated in 1462. It is located north of Ballina on the west side of Killala Bay. Like its neighbour, Rosserk Friary, it was burnt by Sir Richard Bingham, Elizabeth I of England's governor of Connacht, in 1590 in reformationist zeal.
The friary was built in the late Irish Gothic style and has extensive ruins, consisting of a church and domestic buildings situated around a central cloister. Its west doorway is a seventeenth insertion. Its east window displays fine switchline tracery.

</doc>
<doc id="19103402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103402" title="XPW Arena">
XPW Arena

XPW Arena may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103440" title="Diacrisia sannio">
Diacrisia sannio

The Clouded Buff "(Diacrisia sannio)" is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone, but not in North Africa and South-East Asia.
The wingspan is 35–50 mm. The moth flies June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various shrubs and herbaceous plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19103456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103456" title="Luc Jones">
Luc Jones

"For the Welsh rugby union player see Luc Jones (rugby player)"
Luc Jones (born 21 November 1991) is a Welsh track racing cyclist.
He began cycling with the New Tredegar Nomads club at the age of eight, riding with his father Ian, himself a former Welsh champion sprinter. He was one of the Team TrackCycling.co.uk members in 2005, who were part funded by the launch of a coffee brand by Magnus Bäckstedt.
In 2007, Jones was the Youth British National Champion in both the sprint and 500 m time trial events. He became the first ever winner of the prestigious White Hope Sprint at Herne Hill Velodrome's Good Friday meeting to hold an under 16 championship title at the same time. He also went on to win the Ron Beckett scratch race the same day. He was described as having "prodigious sprinting talent" by Gerry McManus, a Cycling News reporter. Jones stepped up a category to compete against the Juniors in 2008, and succeeded in adding the Junior sprint champion title to his list.
Many were surprised in Autumn 2007 when Jones was controversially left off the team roster for British Cycling's Olympic Development Programme.
Jones will be competed at the European Track Championships in Poland in September 2008, where he won a silver medal as part of the junior team sprint squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19103467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103467" title="Maximiliaan le Maire">
Maximiliaan le Maire

Maximiliaan le Maire (Amsterdam, February 28, 1606 – c. 1654, prob. Batavia) was a merchant/trader and official of the Dutch East India Company ("Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie" or VOC).
Early life.
Maximilaan was one of the surviving 13 or 14 children of Isaac le Maire, in 1602 one of the founders of the Dutch East India Company or "VOC", and Maria Walraven, and was a brother of the explorer and circumnavigator Jacob le Maire (1585-1616). He grew up in Egmond aan den Hoef.
Career.
Le Maire served for the VOC starting around 1630 in Malabar followed by Moçambique and Hirado. He was the Dutch Opperhoofd at Dejima from 14 February 1641 to 30 October 1641. He was the first "new" chief trader at the island outpost.
From 1643 to 1644 he was Governor of Formosa (Taiwan), where a polder was named after him.
He returned home, and in 1647 remarried, in The Hague, Geertruij van Mierop. For a couple of years, he lived in Amsterdam, but in 1650 he left again for Batavia with his wife. He died after a few years; it is not known exactly where and when. His widow went back to the Netherlands and in September 1656 remarried Cornelis van der Lijn, previously a governor of the Indies and from 1668 burgomaster of Alkmaar.

</doc>
<doc id="19103471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103471" title="Newson Garrett">
Newson Garrett

Newson Garrett (31 July 1812 - 4 May 1893), was a maltster and brewer instrumental in the revival of the town of Aldeburgh, Suffolk, of which he became mayor at the end of his life. Two of his six daughters became famous as women's rights activists.
Born in Leiston in Suffolk, Garrett was the grandson of Richard Garrett, who founded the agricultural machinery works at Leiston, and Elizabeth Newson, after whom he was named. He became a pawnbroker in Whitechapel, London. where he married Louisa Dunnell, who bore their first child, Elizabeth (later Elizabeth Garrett Anderson), there in 1836. In 1840 he moved to the Uplands in Aldeburgh and in March 1841, he bought the business of Osborne and Fennell, barley and coal merchants at Snape Bridge. The business proved profitable and he built Alde House as a summer residence.
Malting began at the Snape Bridge works in 1854 and its success established Garrett as the preeminent business man of the Sandlings. In 1889, he was elected to the position of Mayor of Aldeburgh; fifteen years later his daughter Elizabeth became the first woman mayor in the United Kingdom by taking the same post.
He was buried in the parish church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, Aldeburgh, where there is a commemorative plaque on the wall.
The maltings at Snape Bridge was closed in the 1960s but, through the leadership of the composer Benjamin Britten, was converted into the Snape Maltings concert hall, which has become the principal venue for the annual Aldeburgh music festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19103481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103481" title="Paulus Traudenius">
Paulus Traudenius

Paulus Traudenius (born Gouda, died 9 July 1643, Batavia, Dutch East Indies) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1640 to 1643.
Traudenius was a descendant of a family of teachers in Gouda. His grandfather, also Paulus Traudenius, was in 1573 the first rector of the local Latin school after the reformation and had Latinized his original name Trudens to Traudenius. In 1630 grandson Traudenius is registered as a merchant for the Dutch East India Company in Tayouan on Taiwan. In 1633 he became a head merchant at Quinam, but was also active along the coast of China, in the Pescadores and on Taiwan. He married twice, in April 1633 in Batavia with Elisabeth de Meester from Rotterdam, and in 1641 at Fort Zeelandia with Adriana Quina, widow of the former governor of Taiwan, Johan van der Burg. In 1643 he was recalled from Formosa to Batavia, where he soon thereafter died.
Acts as governor.
Two years after the Dutch established Fort Zeelandia in southern Taiwan, the Spanish responded by establishing a fort at Santissima Trinidad in 1629 and Fort Santo Domingo in 1629. By 1641 the Spanish had become such an irritant to the Dutch in the south that it was decided to take northern Taiwan from the Spanish by force. In the usual courteous terms, Traudenius informed the Spanish governor of their intentions.
The Spanish governor was not inclined to give in so easily, and replied in kind.
Subsequently, on 24–27 November 1641, the Dutch launched an assault on the northern regions, but the Spanish positions were well-defended and the attacking troops were not able to breach the walls of the fortresses. They returned, thwarted, to Fort Zeelandia, but a second attack in 1642 was effective and the Spanish abandoned their bases on Formosa.

</doc>
<doc id="19103489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103489" title="Medveščak">
Medveščak

Medveščak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103493" title="Johan van der Burg">
Johan van der Burg

Johan van der Burg (Delft, ?–1640) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1636 to 1640. In 1627 he arrived in Batavia, married Adriana Quina. It is possible he became the brother-in-law of Hans Putmans. In 1631 he was appointed in the Council of India. In 1634 he was sent on a mission to Sultanate of Banten. Johan died in office on 11 March 1640 and was buried at Fort Zeelandia.

</doc>
<doc id="19103527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103527" title="Deacon John">
Deacon John

Deacon John may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103530" title="Martinus Sonck">
Martinus Sonck

Martinus or Maarten Sonck (also Marten; Soncq; Sonk) (ca. 1590, Amsterdam? – August 1625, Anping) was the first Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1624-1625.
Sonck, who in 1612 lived in Amsterdam, studied law at Leiden University from October 1612 to March 1616. In 1618 Dr. Sonck was sent by the Dutch East Indies Company as “advocaat-fiscaal” (~ a district attorney) to Batavia, where he arrived in 1619. He subsequently became governor of the Banda Islands. In 1623 he was recalled to Batavia to account for the use of excessive amounts of ammunition at gun salutes (he was to pay for it out of his own pocket). On May 4, 1624 the governing body in Batavia decided to sent him to replace Cornelis Reijersen as commander of the Dutch fort and trading base on Peng-hu, the main island of the Pescadores west of Formosa. The Pescadores were Chinese territory, and after a failed accord, Nan Juyi the governor of Fujian sent an army to attack Peng-hu in July 1624. On August 25, after negotiations via Li Dan, head of the illegal traders on Taiwan, Sonck succumbed under the pressure and withdrew his contingent to Formosa, where he founded Fort Zeelandia near the town of Anping in Tainan. The Dutch monopolized the harbour, while Zheng Zhilong, or Nicolas Iquan (郑芝龙） became a privateer for the Dutch, attacking trade between China and Manila. This constituted the beginning of the colonial presence of the Dutch on Formosa. Martinus Sonck was governor of Dutch Formosa for only one year, as he drowned in Anping harbour in August 1625. He was buried at Fort Zeelandia.

</doc>
<doc id="19103531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103531" title="Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991">
Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991

Israel was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, held in Rome, Italy.
The Israeli broadcaster IBA continued to use a national final to select their entry. 12 songs competed in the final held of 27 March 1991, where 7 regional juries chose the winner.
The winner was Duo Datz with the song "Kan" (כאן, English: "Here").
Kdam Eurovision 1991.
The Israeli national final was held of 27 March 1991, and was hosted by Dani Roup and Shira Gera.
At Eurovision.
Duo Datz performed 15th on the night of the contest, following Norway and preceding Finland. At the close of the voting it had received 139 points, placing 3rd in a field of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19103532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103532" title="Diaphora mendica">
Diaphora mendica

The Muslin Moth ("Diaphora mendica") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone east to Baikal Lake.
The wingspan is 28–38 mm. There is clear sexual dimorphism in the imago, with the male having a brownish gray colour and a forewing length of 14–17 mm, and the female being white and a having a forewing length of 17–19 mm. The female resembles "Spilosoma lubricipeda", but that species has longer and smaller wings and a yellow and black back. The moth flies April to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Birch, Willow, "Rumex", "Lamium" and "Plantago".

</doc>
<doc id="19103549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103549" title="John P. McKay">
John P. McKay

John P. McKay, born in St. Louis, Missouri, is a professor of history and an author. He received his B.A. from Wesleyan University in 1961, and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1968. He became a professor of history at the University of Illinois in 1976, where he holds the position of Professor Emeritus of history. McKay specializes in modern French history, and nineteenth-century European economic and social history.
In 1970 McKay won the Herbert Baxter Adams Prize for his book "Pioneers for Profit: Foreign Entrepreneurship and Russian Industrialization, 1885-1913" (1970). He has translated Jules Michelet's "The People" (1973) and has written "Tramways and Trolleys: The Rise of Urban Mass Transport in Europe" (1976), as well as more than a hundred articles, book chapters and reviews. He contributed to "Imagining the Twentieth Century" (1997), edited by Charles C. Stewart and Peter Fritzsche, as well as "Europe, 1789-1914" (2006), edited by John Merriman and Jay Winters.
Among other publications McKay have made contributions to are "A History of World Societies" and "A History of Western Society", both published in several editions. "A History of Western Society" is often used in Advanced Placement European History classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19103554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103554" title="Gerard Frederikszoon de With">
Gerard Frederikszoon de With

Gerard Frederikszoon de With was the second Dutch Governor of Formosa, from 1625 to 1627.

</doc>
<doc id="19103578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103578" title="1978 South American Championships (tennis)">
1978 South American Championships (tennis)

The 1978 South American Championships was an Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on November 26, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19103579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103579" title="All That (season 8)">
All That (season 8)

The 8th season season of All That is the second season of the Relaunch era. This season began in 2002 and ended in 2003 and was taped from very early 2002- late 2002.
The show saw many changes before the start of the season. Since season 7 was more of an experiment season, producers knew what worked and what didn't work with the show. Pickle Boy was taken out and only shown on rare occasions, and a formal green room was introduced. Like the first six seasons, the cast would start the show in the green room before starting the show. The intro was the same as the previous season, but with Spears edited in.
The entire cast from last season returned for their second on the show. Producers added Jamie Lynn Spears (credited as "Jamie Spears") to the cast, who was also the young sister of singer Britney Spears, due to her interest in being on the show. Claims of nepotism arose from this, and ironically, Britney Spears would show up and host and perform in this season.
This would be the final season for Bryan Hearne. Hearne wished to leave the show so he could focus on his music career.
This is also the first season when the cast began to perform Snick On-Air Dare. After the season ended, producers wanted to switch things up when looking for new cast members for the following season. Producers got Nickelodeon to hold a contest called: "" to find the new cast member.
Cast.
Check season 8 in full series episode list for correct air dates.

</doc>
<doc id="19103581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103581" title="Jos Baxendell">
Jos Baxendell

Jos Baxendell (born 3 December 1972, in Manchester, England) is a former Sale Sharks rugby union player, now coach. He played in two full tests for England, both in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19103621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103621" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1962 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1962 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1962. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1962. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19103640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103640" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 100 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 100 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 100 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 77 participating athletes, with ten qualifying heats, five quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Sunday 22 August 1999 at 21:15h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
