<doc id="19346801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346801" title="No. 651 Squadron RAF">
No. 651 Squadron RAF

No. 651 Squadron RAF was a unit of the Royal Air Force in Italy and North Africa during the Second World War and afterwards in Egypt. Numbers 651 to 663 Squadrons of the RAF were Air Observation Post units working closely with Army units in artillery spotting and liaison. A further three of these squadrons – Nos. 664, 665 and 666 – were RCAF AOP squadrons manned by Canadian and British personnel. Their duties and squadron numbers were transferred to the Army with the formation of the Army Air Corps on 1 September 1957.
History.
No 651 Squadron was formed at RAF Old Sarum, Wiltshire, on 1 August 1941. It went into action in November of that year, during Operation Torch in North Africa. It later served in Italy, North Africa, and finally Egypt from 1945 were it remained until 1 November 1955. On that same day, No. 657 Squadron RAF was re-numbered to 651 Squadron at RAF Middle Wallop, it now flew Sycamore helicopters as well as Austers. On 1 September 1957 the squadron was transferred to the Army Air Corps and became No. 651 Squadron AAC. The original squadron is represented today by 651 Squadron of the Joint Special Forces Aviation Wing.

</doc>
<doc id="19346802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346802" title="CatDog">
CatDog

CatDog is an American animated television series created for Nickelodeon by Peter Hannan. The series depicts the life of conjoined brothers, with one half being a cat and the other a dog. Nickelodeon produced the series from Burbank, California. The first episode aired on April 4, 1998 (following the "Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards"), before the show officially premiered in October. The episode "Fetch" was also shown in theaters with "The Rugrats Movie".
Toward the end of the series run, a made-for-TV film was released, titled "CatDog: The Great Parent Mystery". Reruns were played on Nicktoons until 2011 and later aired on TeenNick as part of "The '90s Are All That" block. The series is produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio and Peter Hannan Productions and has been released on DVD.
Premise.
The series follows the adventures of CatDog, a conjoined twin hybrid of a cat and dog with two heads (one at either end of its single body) and no tail or hind legs. The series depicts them as opposites, with disparate interests: Dog loves rock n' roll, Cat does not. Dog loves to chase garbage trucks, Cat does not. However, they are best friends.
The series, created by Peter Hannan, was developed as the next Nicktoons production and produced from Nickelodeon Animation Studio in Burbank, California. Hannan served as executive producer. This was part of Nickelodeon's $350 million investment in original animation over the next five years after the series' inception.
Albie Hecht, Nickelodeon's senior vice president of worldwide productions, said that the creators planned for the series to "really play off of kids' sympathies" by portraying the characters as experiencing "the worst of both worlds". Hannan said CatDog was inspired by watching neighborhood cats and dogs occasionally fight each other, and thought that it would be great to make conjoined twins Cat and Dog to see how both of the animals would fare against other things. The idea of them being conjoined twins came from Hannan watching several news stories on TV about conjoined twins living a normal life conjoined together. Both aspects he claimed, initially developed the idea of CatDog.
The series revolves around Cat and Dog, who share the same body, and although they are best friends and brothers, they have very different personalities, similar to "The Odd Couple" mixed with elements of Laurel and Hardy and Abbott and Costello. Cat is very cultured while Dog is very fun-loving and enjoys chasing garbage trucks, chasing cars, and exploring many things in which Cat does not want to take part. Dog enjoys eating at fast food restaurants (such as Taco Depot), whereas Cat does not. The series takes place in Nearburg, a town dominated by anthropomorphic animals and the occasional humanoid.
Reception.
"CatDog" is reviewed at Common Sense Media. It is advised for children aged 7 and up, and it is given a score of 2/5 stars. It is described as "iffy", one of the reasons cited as being due to "some bad role models". The review continues; "The series makes some attempts at injecting a moral here or there, but they fall flat. The focus is on looniness, silliness, and out-of-control antics, with very little in the way of redeeming qualities. This can be just the ticket for some kids, although the bizarreness of the concept is enough to leave most parents shaking their heads."
Award nominations.
In 1998, the series is nominated for an Annie Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement for Writing in an Animated Television Production, for "Dog Gone". The recipients would have been Derek Drymon, Robert Porter and Peter Hannan.
At the Kids' Choice Awards, USA, the series is nominated for a Blimp Award for Favorite Cartoon in 1999 and 2000.
Other media.
Home video and digital download releases.
Two VHS tapes were released for the series. "Together Forever" contains the episodes "Dog Gone", "Flea or Die", "Diamond Fever", "CatDog's End" and "Work Force" with a bonus short "Cat Diggety Dog" and "CatDog vs. the Greasers" contains the episodes "Siege on Fort CatDog", "Squirrel Dog", "Full Moon Fever", "Shriek Loves Dog" and "All You Need is Lube". The complete series is available for download in the iTunes Store. Nickelodeon contracted Amazon.com's CreateSpace service arm to produce DVD sets of "CatDog" and other Nickelodeon shows exclusively for sale on Amazon. The DVDs were "manufactured-on-demand" DVD-Rs to match orders. The series is also available for download on Amazon's InstantVideo service.
The CreateSpace releases are no longer available with the announcement of Nickelodeon and Shout! Factory releasing traditional DVD sets of the series.
♦ - Shout! Factory select title, sold exclusively through Shout's online store.

</doc>
<doc id="19346817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346817" title="Sue Edelman">
Sue Edelman

Susan Jane Edelman (née Cable; August 12, 1957) is a Canadian politician. She represented the electoral district of Riverdale South in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 1996 to 2002. She was a member of the Yukon Liberal Party. She served as Women's Issues Minister, Health Minister and Social Services Minister. 
She resigned her post in 2002 after an e-mail she had written sparked controversy. She is now a Yukon returning officer.

</doc>
<doc id="19346836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346836" title="Cat, Dog &amp; Co.">
Cat, Dog &amp; Co.

Cat, Dog & Co. is a 1929 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym "Anthony Mack".
Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 91st "Our Gang" short that was released. The short, a silent film, was produced in the early spring of 1929, but withheld until after three sound "Our Gang" films had already been released. "Cat, Dog, and Co." was released with a synchronized music and sound effects track on phonographic disc.

</doc>
<doc id="19346850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346850" title="Considering Lily">
Considering Lily

Considering Lily (formerly Serene & Pearl) was an American CCM group popular in the late 1990s.
The group was founded by Serene Campbell and Pearl Barrett, who are sisters, in the United States in 1991, though both were born in New Zealand. Their first album (as Serene & Pearl) was 1995's "Crazy Stories", followed by a self-titled 1997 release which included the single "Cup", a major hit at Christian radio. Following this, Campbell left the group to raise her family, and Barrett began working with Jeanette Herdman, who is the wife of Audio Adrenaline member Bob Herdman. A third album followed in 1999.
Touring band members included: Jason Hall (drums), Glen Kimberlin (bass), Ed Eason (guitar), Alex Nifong (guitar), Rich Toomey (bass)

</doc>
<doc id="19346858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346858" title="Mankera Tehsil">
Mankera Tehsil

Mankera Tehsil (), is an administrative subdivision, (tehsil), of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Mankera is the headquarters of the tehsil.
Administration.
The tehsil of Mankera is subdivided into 7 Union Councils.
Mankera is the beauty full city.

</doc>
<doc id="19346866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346866" title="Francis Soto">
Francis Soto

Francis Soto Band is a German-Swedish heavy metal band from Stuttgart, Germany.
History.
Head of the band is Francis Soto, who was vocalist for Sabol's band Dark Horse in the early '90s. Soto was also the former frontman for the hard rock bands Picasso, Mystery, Silk & Steel, Sanvoisen, Subway, Turn Up and Wicked Sensation. Their debut single was a cover of the Corey Hart song "Sunglasses at Night", released in 2007 and in the same year their album "Metalapolis 1" was released.
On 1 April 2008, Mathias Holm joined as guitarist, Andy Gaube left the band and the group was reformed as a German-Swedish project. In early 2010, the band released its album "Lolas Themes", which followed the 2007's "Metalapolis Part 1" and 2008's demo "Dedicated".
Musical style.
The band's music is in various styles of rock from traditional hard rock to modern rock, with influences from gothic and pop rock.

</doc>
<doc id="19346868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346868" title="Murder of Sophie Lancaster">
Murder of Sophie Lancaster

The murder of Sophie Lancaster occurred in the United Kingdom in 2007. The victim, along with her boyfriend, Robert Maltby, was attacked by a number of males in their mid-teens while walking through Stubbylee Park in Bacup, Rossendale, in Lancashire. As a result of her severe head injuries she went into a coma, never regained consciousness, and died thirteen days later. The police said the attack may have been linked to the couple wearing gothic fashion and being members of the goth subculture.
Five teenage boys were later arrested and charged with murder. Two of them were convicted of murder and sentenced to life-imprisonment. The other three were convicted and jailed for grievous bodily harm. A memorial fund was established in Sophie's name, and numerous events have paid tribute to her locally, nationally and abroad. Plays, films, art and books have dealt with the issues surrounding the murder.
Background.
Sophie Lancaster (born 26 November 1986) was a former pupil at Bacup and Rawtenstall Grammar School, Haslingden High School and a gap year student planning to attend Accrington and Rossendale College to do an English degree. She had been dating Maltby, a 21-year-old art student at Manchester, for three years, and they both had a long-standing attachment to the goth subculture. The couple's family described them as "Goths", and said: "They're both intelligent, sensitive kids. They're not the sort of people to get in trouble, but they have had problems in the past because they stand out."
Lancaster's parents said of her after her death: "We were proud to know our daughter. She was funny, kind, loving and brave. She was a beautiful girl with a social conscience and values which made her a joy to know. Not being able to see her blossom into her full potential or even to see her smile again is a tragedy beyond words."
Lancaster's mother said: "The thing that makes me most angry is that it is seen as an isolated incident, maybe the seriousness of what happened to Sophie is isolated, but attacks are far from isolated. Just because you follow a different culture you are targeted; you are seen as easy pickings."
Rod Liddle in "The Sunday Times" noted after the murder that the victims of the attack had paid the price for the indulgence of the "feral" criminals who perpetrated it "by their parents, by the courts, by the council, by a government which wants to send fewer such people to prison."
The attack.
While returning home, Lancaster and Maltby were subjected to a "vicious mob attack" from "a large group of people" between 01:10 hours and 01:20 hours on Saturday, 11 August 2007, at the skate park area of Stubbylee Park, Bacup (). The couple were walking home and came across a group of teenagers at the entrance to the park. The group followed them, but there was no trouble until some of them suddenly assaulted Robert Maltby without provocation. When he was knocked unconscious, the gang attacked Sophie Lancaster, who was trying to protect him by cradling him in her arms. A 15-year-old witness told police: "They were running over and just kicking her in the head and jumping up and down on her head." One distraught witness used a mobile phone to call for emergency services saying: "We need... we need an ambulance at Bacup Park, this mosher has just been banged because he’s a mosher." Witnesses revealed that afterwards, "The killers celebrated their attack on the goths — or "moshers" - by telling friends afterwards that they had "done summat good," and claiming: "There's two moshers nearly dead up Bacup park — you wanna see them — they're a right mess." The injured couple were assisted by some of the teenagers who called emergency services and then stayed with them and tried to tend their wounds. At the trial they were commended by the judge.
Police said soon afterwards that it was "a sustained attack during the course of which the pair received serious head injuries and their faces were so swollen we could not ascertain which one was female and which one was male." Both were hospitalised as a result of the attack, initially at Rochdale Infirmary. Maltby's injuries left him in a coma with bleeding on the brain. He gradually recovered, but was left with lasting brain damage. Lancaster, in a deep coma, was moved to Fairfield Hospital in Bury, then to the Neurology unit at Hope Hospital in Salford. It became clear to hospital staff that she would never regain consciousness, and on 24 August 2007 her family agreed to switch off life support.
Arrests and investigation.
Lancashire Police arrested five individuals in connection with the attack soon afterwards, but conducted extensive further investigations, as it appeared that up to fifteen people were in the area and may have witnessed or participated in the assault. The police identified the gothic dress of the couple as a possible motivation for the attackers. A 15-year-old and a 16-year-old were remanded in custody, while two 15-year-olds and a 17-year-old were released on bail. They were originally charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent, but following Lancaster's death the Crown Prosecution Service upgraded the charges.
By 5 October 2007, after questioning over 100 people, the police concluded that they were not expecting to make any more arrests in the case, and although 15-20 people were in the park at some point during the night of the attack, police believe many were not directly involved, as the area was a regular night time hangout spot for teenagers.
Local residents identified the park as a spot often used by, "drunken, violent yobs" guilty of vandalism and under-age drinking. They had asked for measures to be taken about the area before the tragedy occurred. Following the murder, residents called for improved security in the area, but Rossendale Borough Council said park rangers would be too expensive.
Trial and aftermath.
On 6 September 2007 the five suspects were charged with murder at Burnley Youth Court, three were let out on bail, two boys aged 15 and 17 from Shawforth, and a 17-year-old boy from Bacup. On 18 October at Burnley Youth Court all five were committed for trial at Preston Crown Court. A preliminary hearing was held on 31 October 2007, where the five accused faced a charge of murder for the death of Lancaster and a charge of grievous bodily harm with intent for the assault on Maltby. A further plea and case management hearing was ordered by Judge Anthony Russell QC for 14 December. The judge also indicated a provisional trial date, on both allegations, of 10 March 2008. At the hearing on 14 December 2007 the five accused pleaded not guilty on both charges.
At the beginning of the trial on 10 March 2008 all the accused admitted being guilty on the charge of grievous bodily harm with intent, Ryan Herbert pleaded guilty to murder, Brendan Harris pleaded not guilty to murder, while the murder charges against the other three were withdrawn. As the trial opened the prosecution told the hearing: "Sophie and Robert were singled out not for anything they had said or done, but because they looked and dressed differently." The jury heard extensive descriptions of severity of the attack from a number of witnesses and through a recorded phone conversation taken at the time.
At the conclusion of the trial on 27 March 2008, Brendan Harris was found guilty of murder, and the judge ordered the names of both Harris and Herbert, which had been concealed during the trial, to be made public. Detective Superintendent Mick Gradwell of Lancashire Police said it was one of the most violent murders he had come across in his lengthy career: "I do not think Herbert and Harris have recognised how violent the attack was. They have just done it without thinking, but they seemed to have enjoyed it, and carried on remorselessly kicking at two very defenceless people who were unable to protect themselves because of the level of violence inflicted upon them... I am very critical of some of the parents involved. I really don't think they have taken completely seriously how repulsive this incident was..." He said that when Harris was initially interviewed about the assaults he was "laughing and joking" with his mother.
Sentencing in the case was set for 28 April 2008. Both Harris and Herbert were sentenced to life imprisonment with the trial judge recommending that Harris should serve at least eighteen years and Herbert at least sixteen years and three months. In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "feral thuggery" which raised serious questions about the "sort of society which exists in this country". He added: "This was a terrible case which has shocked and outraged all who have heard about it. At least wild animals, when they hunt in packs, have a legitimate reason for so doing, to obtain food. You have none and your behaviour on that night degrades humanity itself."
The three other defendants were also sentenced for their role in the attack. Brothers Joseph and Danny Hulme, and Daniel Mallett, who had all earlier pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent on Maltby, were jailed. Mallett was sentenced to four years and four months, and the Hulme brothers for five years and ten months each. On 13 June 2008, it was reported that all the defendants were appealing against the sentences set for their convictions. The appeal was heard on 7 October 2008 with an announcement that the result would be released at a later date. On 29 October the results of the appeal were announced. Ryan Herbert had his minimum term reduced from sixteen years and three months to fifteen years and six months, a reduction of nine months after the appeal judges ruled not enough allowance had been made for his guilty plea in the initial trial. Brendan Harris and the three other defendants failed to obtain any reduction in their sentences.
Tributes to Sophie Lancaster.
The park where the attack occurred was covered with floral tributes to the couple soon after the attack, and online message boards have seen many tributes to Lancaster from well-wishers, including some from Europe and America, including a special Facebook and a Bebo group in her honour.
The attack was widely condemned in Lancashire and Rossendale by Council leaders and the local community. At the alternative electronic music festival Infest in Bradford on 26 August 2007, just after Lancaster's death, Ronan Harris of VNV Nation dedicated the song "Illusion" to her and contacted the family to offer his condolences. There has also been discussion of a plaque in her memory in the park. A song was dedicated to Lancaster in concerts at Bacup’s Royal Court Theatre on 6/7 September 2007, and a collection taken. A twelve hour long concert in her honour was held on 6 October 2007, at the grounds of Bacup Borough F.C. featuring 10 bands. The club played a game during the concert with all the takings going to the memorial fund. This included a song written in Lancaster's honour. Lancaster's family and friends have set up a website in her memory and have decided to use the contributions from wellwishers and these events to set up a special fund to be known as "S.O.P.H.I.E" standing for "Stamp Out Prejudice Hatred and Intolerance Everywhere" aiming to "provide an appropriate memorial; a lasting legacy to raise awareness of the injustice perpetrated against Sophie Lancaster and to work towards a more tolerant, less violent society."
Lancaster's mother said: "it will also help fund group sessions with young people to teach them about alternative cultures and to respect everyone." A special black ribbon was being sold to support the fund available at the many events being held across Rossendale and in local shops. Lancaster's memory was further honoured at the Eccentrik Festival in North Carolina, "and three more concerts are planned in California, Iowa and Brisbane, Australia." A number of gothic gigs and club nights across the UK and Ireland dedicated a night to Lancaster in October and November 2007, including the Whitby Gothic Weekend. A collection of over was raised from these events to place a memorial bench to her in Whitby. The bench was put in place on Whitby's West Cliff in January 2008.
The "Sophie Award" has been established as an ongoing prize for innovative and experimental film-making at Bacup Film Festival. Lancaster's funeral was public and organised for 12 November 2007, and was attended by hundreds of people and BBC film crews. Lancaster's friends held a memorial concert to "commemorate Sophie’s uniqueness" featuring Lancaster's favourite local bands held on 25 November 2007, the night before what would have been Lancaster's 21st birthday at St Mary’s Chambers, Rawtenstall, the concert was covered by Granada Television. A repeat event is planned for 26 November 2008 headlined by The Damned and AOR featuring Dave Sharp founder member of The Alarm.
On 13 January 2009, it was announced that the Bloodstock Open Air festival were to rename their second stage to "The Sophie Lancaster Stage" in tribute and to promote the S.O.P.H.I.E. Campaign. The second stage again carried the name of "The Sophie Lancaster Stage" in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
On 24/25 June 2008, Carabas Theatre Company performed a new dark comedy that dealt with perceptions of the Gothic subculture, donating all profits to the S.O.P.H.I.E fund. The work was performed at the Gregson Centre, Moor Lane, Lancaster. In a discussion after the performance, the cast and audience discussed Goth culture, the issues raised in the performance, and the possibility of educating young people about different subcultures to foster unity and acceptance from a young age. The work, "Suckers", was written and directed by MJ Wesolowski, and the production raised for the S.O.P.H.I.E fund.
On 3 June 2010, Robert Maltby began an exhibition of his own art at Affleck's Palace in Manchester containing 15 paintings inspired by Lancaster. The exhibition was called "Crimson Iris: The Art of Sophie". The money raised went to the Sophie Lancaster Foundation.
The 2012 Delain album and single "We Are The Others" is dedicated to her memory.
Media reaction.
The original assault was mainly covered by the local media, but Lancaster's death two weeks later was mentioned on national television and widely covered by national newspapers. The attack was discussed in the media in connection with a wave of youth gang related violence in the UK, over the summer of 2007, including the murder of Liverpool schoolboy Rhys Jones. Conservative leader David Cameron mentioned the attack as an example in a "speech criticising youth crime and Britain’s 'real and growing' problem with violence." Since then coverage has mainly been restricted to the local press and the internet, except the funeral which received wider coverage. In February, 2008 "The Observer" compared the limited amount of coverage the Sophie Lancaster case received to the large amount of coverage worldwide which the media paid to the case of discrimination faced by a Yorkshire goth couple who were thrown off a bus.
The trial in March 2008 saw extensive coverage in national media. On 13 March 2008 "Bizarre magazine" launched a "Proud to be Different" campaign in honour of Sophie.
There are a large number of Facebook groups dedicated to Sophie Lancaster. With the exception of the one for "Sophie Lancaster Foundation," none of these are official, and nearly all focus on the tragedy of her death.
On 26 November 2009, which would have been Lancaster's 23rd birthday, a 4-minute animation named Dark Angel, based on the murder was released onto the internet and shown on MTV. The film was also projected onto a screen in the Cathedral Gardens in Manchester.
In July 2010 the book "Weirdo Mosher Freak" by journalist Catherine Smyth was published about the murder.
On 11 March 2011 BBC Radio 4 broadcast the play "Black Roses: The Killing of Sophie Lancaster", consisting of poems by Simon Armitage telling the story of Sophie's life, combined with the personal recollections of her mother. The role of Sophie was played by Rachel Austin.
Reaction in the goth and alternative community.
The crime has received much discussion and expressions of sympathy, not just amongst the UK goth subculture, but in other subcultures, and overseas as well. Martin Coles, who organised the Whitby bench fund, said, "Since starting the online campaign to raise awareness of the collection I've been contacted by people from all over the world that have been shocked by this, and not just those from the gothic community, I've been talking to goths, bikers, metallers, people from the electro and indie scenes, just about any 'alternative' genre."
Many discussions have focused on whether the attack should be described as an example of a hate crime and has been compared to the murder of the punk Brian Deneke in the United States. It has been widely perceived by goths as a more extreme example of the social intolerance, violence and abuse people can suffer as a result of their attachment to the goth subculture.
"The Observer" said on 17 February 2008 that the case was one of a "rash of violent attacks targeting punk, goth and metal kids... Sophie Lancaster's case has become a rallying cry for those in the goth scene worried about this upsurge of violence." This discussion of the case has led to an online petition to the Prime Minister "to Widen the definition of 'Hate Crime', to include crimes committed against a person or persons, on the basis of their appearance or subcultural interests" on the 10 Downing Street website.
Ade Varney, creator of the petition, said that goths "get verbal assaults every day, and not just from young people. But now younger teenagers have the mentality of hardened criminals, and I definitely sense this violent aspect getting worse... Sophie's death has made people think, and I have heard of teenagers, especially girls, modifying the way they dress when they walk through certain areas." This led to political developments: "Rossendale MP Janet Anderson and Hyndburn MP Greg Pope are set to request a debate in the Commons to call for the widening of the law to include such an attack under the definition of a hate crime as soon as possible. They will also be putting forward an early day motion calling on the government to give the matter "urgent consideration".
In May 2009, the Justice Minister, Jack Straw, said that while he could not change the law, he could amend the sentencing guidelines to require judges to treat an attack on a member of a subculture as an aggravating factor similar to a racially motivated or homophobic assault when sentencing perpetrators.
In April 2013 the Greater Manchester Police announced that they would officially begin to record offences committed against goths and other alternative groups, as hate crimes, as they do with offences aimed at someone's race, disability or sexual orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="19346872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346872" title="DR Class 83.10">
DR Class 83.10

The DR Class 83.10 was a newly designed ("Neubaulok") steam locomotive built for the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War and was introduced into service in 1955 and 1956. 
The 83.10 was intended for duties on branch lines where a top speed of 60 km/h and a driving wheel diameter of 1,250 mm was sufficient. The carrying wheels and first coupled wheels worked together in a Krauss-Helmholtz bogie. The design of the Class 83.10 was based on the DR Class 65.10. The engines were fitted with superheated steam regulators, mixer-preheaters, distributed sandboxes and plate frames. They could haul a train load of up to 1,000 tonnes at 60 km/h on the level. 
After the delivery of the first locomotive in 1955 the engine was fully tested at the VES-M Halle trials depot. The various tests showed numerous shortcomings, that could not all be resolved on the production models. Several problems were able to be rectified in the course of subsequent modifications. The locomotive was never really convincing and, in the light of the looming changeover to diesel operations, only 27 examples were eventually built. It remains therefore relatively unknown. One area of operations was the Arnstadt–Saalfeld line.
In 1972 the last two machines, numbers 83 1025 and 83 1027 were retired. No examples of this class have been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19346884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346884" title="Bhakkar Tehsil">
Bhakkar Tehsil

Bhakkar Tehsil (), is an administrative subdivision, (tehsil), of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Bhakkar is the headquarters of the tehsil.
Administration.
The tehsil of Bhakkar is subdivided into 17 Union Councils. Union council Sial is in Bhakkar District. It is situated on the western side of Bhakkar city, nearly a six kilometer distance from city. it is situated near the river Sindh.
History.
During British rule, Bhakkar (larger in area today) was a tehsil of Mianwali District. The population, according to the 1901 census, was 125,803, compared with 119,219 in 1891. The 1901 census revealed that the tehsil contained the town of Bhakkar (population, 5,312) and 196 villages. The land revenue and cesses amounted in 1903/4 to 170,000.
In 1982, the tehsil of Bhakkar was split from Mianwali and became the current district of Bhakkar; this district has been subdivided into four tehsils one of which is the current tehsil of Bhakkar.

</doc>
<doc id="19346897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346897" title="Homansbyen">
Homansbyen

Homansbyen is a neighborhood in Frogner borough in Oslo, Norway. The area is named for the lawyer brothers Jacob (1816-1868) and Henrik Homan (1824-1900).
Area.
The area is located between the streets of Pilestredet in the east, and Uranienborgveien in the west. It consists of Josefines street or Underhaugsveien in the north, Oscars street in the middle, and Grønnegata to the south.
The boundaries are thus to Bislett in the east, Hegdehaugen in the north, Uranienborg in the west and southwest, behind the Royal Palace in the south.
Hegdehaugsveien goes through the district (north-south), and here you will find a tram stop which is called Homansbyen.
History.
Along with Jacob Homan, Johan Collett bought the land property Frihedssæde in 1853 with the purpose of dividing up and selling as housing lots. A year later Homan and Lars Rasch bought the property Frydendal. At the time the properties were located outside the urban area of Oslo. Few buyer were interested, and in 1857 Collett sold his share to Henrik Homan, and the brothers started in 1858 the construction of finished housing for sale. An area plan was made for the area by Georg Andreas Bull.
A new Oslo T-bane station is planned as Homansbyen.
Tram depot.
Homansbyen Depot, officially named Kristiania Sporveisanlæg was a tram depot in Oslo, Norway. It featured an administrative office, a horse stable, a forge, a workshop, a weighing shed and a wagon depot. The installations were constructed by Kristiania Sporveisselskab in 1874. The depot was designed by Henrik Thrap-Meyer, and was located in Sporveisgata 8 near Bislett. It was the first tram depot in Norway, and had place for 28 horse wagons, 16 sleds and 116 horses. The administrative office was built in brick and housed apartments, offices and a laboriatorium for the veterinarian. The depot was reconstructed several times, and taken out of use in 1966. It was demolished three years later, and replaced with residential apartment blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19346905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346905" title="Refoundation in Movement">
Refoundation in Movement

Refoundation in Movement ("Rifondazione in Movimento") is a faction within the Communist Refoundation Party in Italy.
In April 2008, following the severe defeat of the party in the 2008 general election, a group of former "Bertinottiani", composed basically of former members of Proletarian Democracy and led by Paolo Ferrero and Giovanni Russo Spena, criticized The Left – The Rainbow alliance and the political line of Fausto Bertinotti. In that occasion they allied with the other minority factions in order to force Secretary Franco Giordano to resign.
The group named "Refoundation in Movement" joined forces with Being Communists, the largest minority faction in the 2005 national congress with 26.3%, and obtained the 40.1% of the vote of party members in local congresses. In the 24-27 July 2008 congress Paolo Ferrero was elected party secretary with the support of all the minority factions, notably including The Ernesto and some trotskyist groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19346909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346909" title="Herbert Stephen Irons">
Herbert Stephen Irons

Herbert Stephen Irons, born 19 January 1834 in Canterbury and died 29 June 1905, was an English Organist. He also wrote hymns including the tune "Southwell".
Career.
He was a chorister at Canterbury Cathedral. He was an organ pupil of Dr. Stephen Elvey at Oxford.
He was 
Compositions.
The hymn tune "Southwell".

</doc>
<doc id="19346911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346911" title="Charles Hirsch">
Charles Hirsch

Charles S. Hirsch, born March 30, 1937, is an American forensic pathologist who has been the Chief Medical Examiner of New York City since 1989.
Hirsch graduated with a B.S. degree in 1958 with high distinction from the University of Illinois, Urbana. He attended the University of Illinois College of Medicine campus in Chicago, Illinois, and received his M.D. in 1962. Hirsch was recognized with the Distinguished Alumnus Award by his medical school, delivering the commencement address at the school's 2003 graduation ceremonies.
Hirsch was a forensic pathologist in Baltimore, Maryland in 1966 and 1967. He served in Cuyahoga County, Ohio (which includes Cleveland) as deputy coroner from 1976 to 1979 and in Hamilton County, Ohio (which includes Cincinnati) from 1979 to 1985 as director of forensic pathology. He had been the Chief Medical Examiner of Suffolk County, New York, an office that performed an average of 15,000 autopsies per year since 1985. In April 1988, a special panel unanimously recommended that Hirsch be chosen to fill the vacancy in the New York City Medical Examiner's Office, to succeed Dr. Elliot M. Gross, who had been dismissed by then-Mayor of New York City Ed Koch in October 1987.
September 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center.
As head of the New York City Medical Examiners Office, Hirsch and six aides went to establish a temporary morgue for the victims of the September 11, 2001, attacks at the World Trade Center. When the North Tower collapsed, two members of the team were severely injured and Hirsch was thrown to the ground and bruised over much of his body, and left covered with dust over his entire body. Emptying the pulverized concrete from his pockets that day, Hirsch realized that many of the victims would have suffered a similar fate and been "rendered into dust". The Chief Medical Examiner's office has been responsible for the identification of the 20,000 body parts recovered at the site, and has used DNA and other medical technology to identify the individuals and to notify their families.
After the 2006 death from respiratory disease of James Zadroga, a New York City Police Department Detective who had spent 450 hours as a rescue worker at Ground Zero, the Ocean County, New Jersey medical examiner's office, conducted an autopsy in April 2006 and reported that "It is felt with a reasonable degree of medical certainty that the cause of death in this case was directly related to the 9/11 incident" making Zadroga, 34-years-old at the time of his death, the first 9/11 responder whose death was directly linked with toxic Ground Zero substances. An autopsy conducted by Hirsch in October 2007 found that Zadroga's death was not related to his time at Ground Zero, with Hirsch and another medical examiner signing a statement that "It is our unequivocal opinion, with certainty beyond doubt, that the foreign material in your son’s lungs did not get there as the result of inhaling dust at the World Trade Center or elsewhere." Hirsch concluded that Zadroga died from self-injection of ground drugs, with Hirsch finding severe scarring in his lungs that he determined was caused by cellulose and talc granulomas and stating (through a spokesperson) that "The lung disease he had was a consequence of injecting prescription drugs". Officials from the Chief Medical Examiner's office met with the Zadroga family to present his findings. A third opinion obtained by Zadroga's family later that month from Dr. Michael Baden, chief forensic pathologist of the New York State Police (and former New York City Medical Examiner), backed the original claim of WTC dust responsibility, citing the presence of glass fibers in Zadroga's lungs that could not be related to injecting drugs. The "Daily News" criticized Hirsch in a November 2007 editorial, stating that the results blaming the death on drug use "libeled the memory of Detective James Zadroga" and that Hirsch had "committed a gross injustice that no apology can ever set right".
As part of a March 2007 filing by families of 9/11 victims who want to conduct additional searches for remains, a letter from Hirsch signed in 2003 was included stating that cremated human remains, resulting from the initial fires when the towers were hit and the continuing flames in the pit, were included in the debris taken to the Fresh Kills Landfill, and that he believed it was "virtually certain that at least some human tissue is mixed with the dirt at the Staten Island landfill."

</doc>
<doc id="19346915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346915" title="2008–09 Wigan Athletic F.C. season">
2008–09 Wigan Athletic F.C. season

This article chronicles Wigan Athletic's season in the 2008–09 Premier League.
Season summary.
July and August.
Wigan began their fourth season in the Premier League with Steve Bruce as the manager of the club. The off-season saw the club sign a number of players, including Middlesbrough's highly rated young midfielder Lee Cattermole, Birmingham City pair Daniël de Ridder and Olivier Kapo, both of whom played under Bruce at Birmingham, and little known Egyptian striker Amr Zaki, ranked as the world's best striker in FIFA rankings.
The club saw no forced sales during the transfer window, with players like Emile Heskey, Paul Scharner, Luis Antonio Valencia and Wilson Palacios deciding to commit their futures to the club rather than move away. The club did, however, allow Julius Aghahowa, Salomon Olembé, Josip Skoko, Andreas Granqvist, Marlon King and Marcus Bent to leave the club.
During the pre-season the Latics played in seven friendlies, all away from home, to prepare for the upcoming Premier League season. The first match was on 19 July away to FC St. Veit, which Wigan won comfortably 3–0. The next game was played on 22 July against Bundesliga opposition Eintracht Frankfurt; the Latics were defeated 2–0. A further away game in Germany was played on 25 July against another Bundesliga club, Hannover, which finished 2–2.
Wigan's first friendly on English soil was on 29 July at Barnsley, which saw the Latics give a debut to Lee Cattermole. The Wigan club thrashed the Yorkshire outfit 6–0 with goals from Marlon King, Emile Heskey, Luis Antonio Valencia, Michael Brown and a brace for new boy Daniel De Ridder. Wigan made the short trip to Sheffield on 2 August to play Championship club Sheffield Wednesday, defeating them 3–2. Wigan later travelled to Scotland to face Scottish Premier League team Hibernian on 5 August, winning 1–0 before finishing off their pre-season with an impressive 1–0 victory over Dutch side Utrecht.
Wigan's first Premiership game was away to West Ham United on 16 August, with the home side victorious thanks to a Dean Ashton brace. Wigan finished the game the better side, according to reports, and had the better possession and territory overall for the whole game but could only muster one goal, from debutant Amr Zaki, losing 2–1.
On 24 August Wigan played their first game at the JJB Stadium, against last season's Premier League runners-up Chelsea. The game began badly for Wigan who, already without first-choice goalkeeper Chris Kirkland, gave away a free kick after just 4 minutes of play just outside the box, which was scored by Deco. Despite going down early the Latics rallied and performed valiantly against one of the superior Premier League sides and pressed for an equalising goal, which, in the end, was in vain as Chelsea ran out 1–0 victors.
On 26 August Wigan played against Notts County at the JJB Stadium in the second round of the League Cup, which led to a comprehensive 4–0 victory for the hosts. Many of Wigan's fringe players, including striker Henri Camara, shone in this one-sided affair with goals coming from Camara (2), Zaki and Tomasz Kupisz.
On 30 August Wigan played away to Premiership newcomers Hull City in a Premier League game that, if Hull won, would take them to the top of the table. Wigan, however, were not to be thwarted three times in a row and thrashed Hull 5–0, the club's biggest victory in the Premiership. Hull began woefully with poor defending leading to an own goal by Sam Ricketts from a Kevin Kilbane corner within 5 minutes. Antonio Valencia added a second on the counterattack and, despite some decent resolve from Hull, they were finished after an Amr Zaki strike just after the hour mark made sure of the result. Later goals were added by Zaki and Emile Heskey.
September.
Wigan's next home fixture was played against Sunderland on 13 September; the fixture which had caused controversy within the town due to the decision to move a Rugby League fixture the previous day by owner Dave Whelan to allow the pitch to be in good condition for the game against Sunderland, a move which angered many Wigan Warriors fans. The game itself started well for Sunderland, who dominated the game and eventually opened the scoring when Wigan defender Titus Bramble tried to clear the resulting corner and headed into his own goal. Wigan finished the half the better side and came out after half-time much the same but struggled to find the equaliser. The game became a more even affair nearer the end of the second half, with both side posting good chances. It was Wigan who would break Sunderland's resistance, however, with another goal from Amr Zaki equalising matters for Wigan before Lee Cattermole was given a red card in the final minutes of the game.
On 16 September, Wigan announced the signing for former Birmingham and Ghanaian international goalkeeper Richard Kingson, released by the Midlands club at the end of the 2007–08 season, on a three-year contract after a successful trial period.
On 21 September Wigan travelled to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham Hotspur. The last time Wigan faced Tottenham they were heavily defeated 4–0, but performed much better against a struggling Tottenham side who, before the game, were rooted to the bottom of the Premiership. Wigan had a few decent chances but struggled to dominate the game for large periods, with only Tottenham's toothless attacking plays keeping Wigan in the game. Spurs had a claim for a penalty after Maynor Figueroa tripped Spurs midfielder Aaron Lennon in the box, but referee Steve Tanner dismissed their calls for a spot-kick.
On 28 September Wigan faced Manchester City at the JJB Stadium. A long-range Antonio Valencia goal and an Amr Zaki penalty gave Wigan a 2–1 win; City's consolation goal was scored by Vincent Kompany.
October.
On 4 October Wigan again played at home, against a struggling Middlesbrough side who had not won away from home all season. Wigan had looked confident and the most threatening during the opening half but were unable to take their chances when given them and were eventually undone in the 89th minute with a strike from Middlesbrough forward Jérémie Aliadière.
On 18 October, Wigan travelled to Anfield to play league leaders Liverpool. Wigan showed sheer determination throughout the whole game and took the lead on the 29th minute from the head of lead goalscorer Amr Zaki. Dirk Kuyt later levelled things for Liverpool before a sensational strike from Zaki moments before half time gave Wigan the lead for the second time in the game. Wigan dominated the majority of the second half before a reckless challenge from Antonio Valencia led to him being given a second yellow card and leaving the field. The game opened up more for Liverpool who were inspired by Wigan's disadvantage and Albert Riera restored parity five minutes after the dismissal of Valencia. Wigan then had to play defensively for the remainder of the game as Liverpool assaulted the Wigan goal and were successful just five minutes before the end of the game as Dirk Kuyt nodded home a Jermaine Pennant cross to win the game for Liverpool.
On 26 October, Wigan hosted an in-form Aston Villa side who comfortably beat Wigan 4–0. Gareth Barry had opened the scoring early in the first half after Titus Bramble gave away a penalty and were battered into submission in the second half with goals from Gabriel Agbonlahor and John Carew within five minutes of each other ending the game as a contest, a final goal from Steve Sidwell moments before the end compounding the misery for Wigan.
On 29 October, Wigan travelled to Fulham. The game finished with another loss for Wigan, their fourth in a row. Both sides had been struggling for form before the game and it was billed as a relegation battle in which Fulham came out successful with a 2–0 victory. Andrew Johnson celebrated his 100th career goal in this game with an early goal and then another on the hour mark to finish off Wigan's resilence and put pressure on Wigan boss Steve Bruce.
November.
On 1 November, Wigan's luck changed as they managed to take all three points in a hard-fought victory at Fratton Park against Portsmouth. Portsmouth controlled the opening half but a foul on Titus Bramble by Papa Bouba Diop led to a penalty, converted by Amr Zaki on the stroke of half time. Portsmouth came out in the second half strong and bombarded the Wigan goal, hitting the woodwork a total of four times before Wigan made Portsmouth pay for their wasteful demeanour with Emile Heskey bagging his 100th career goal to give Wigan a precious three points in the final minutes of the game.
On 8 November, Wigan hosted Stoke City at the JJB Stadium. Wigan dominated the game but both sides were largely uninspiring in the first half with very few chances to be had. Wigan were better equipped in the second half and peppered the Stoke goal but were left frustrated at Stoke's defensive prowess; the game ended 0–0.
On 11 November, Wigan travelled to the Emirates Stadium to face Arsenal in the fourth round of the League Cup. Although both sides largely players their reserve players, it was Arsenal who were victorious in a very one-sided affair. The game took a while to come to life, but a goal by Jay Simpson just before half-time broke the deadlock and spurred Arsenal onto an emphatic win against a toothless Wigan side. A further goal for Simpson and a goal from Carlos Vela ended Wigan's run in the League Cup.
On 15 November, Wigan travelled to St. James's Park to face Newcastle United. The first half was well controlled and organised by Wigan against a sloppy Newcastle, who conceded within three minutes after a wonder strike from Ryan Taylor. In the second half Newcastle looked more determined and were galvanised by a second bookable offence for Wigan's Emmerson Boyce. Wigan still looked in control of the game for large periods despite missing key men such as Emile Heskey and Amr Zaki, but were undone with the arrival of Michael Owen. It was Owen's attacking threat that eventually broke through and pulled Newcastle level on the 80th minute; seven minutes later, Owen's striker partner Obafemi Martins scored to put Newcastle in a seemingly unassailable position with minutes remaining. However, poor defending from Newcastle allowed Titus Bramble to power a header home with a minute of normal time remaining to earn Wigan a point.
On 24 November, Wigan played a home fixture against Everton. In a game that offered many opportunities for both sides but woeful finishing it would be Wigan who would eventually break the deadlock with a strike from Henri Camara mid-way through the second half ensuring Wigan took all three points and clawed themselves out of the relegation zone. It was Camara's first Premier League goal since December 2006.
Wigan finished the month by hosting fellow strugglers West Bromwich Albion on 29 November. In a game that West Brom had fought hard in they initially took the lead through Ishmael Miller after a Titus Bramble blunder gifted the striker an opportunity on goal. West Brom could have had a further lead if not for the form of Chris Kirkland, who made numerous saves to keep Wigan in the game. Wigan would equalise through Henri Camara just after the hour mark and an 87th minute goal from an unmarked Emmerson Boyce finished off an unlucky West Brom and gave Wigan a vital three points.
December.
On 6 December, Wigan returned to the Emirates Stadium to face an out-of-form Arsenal. It was to be Arsenal's day, however, as Emmanuel Adebayor scored against the run of play in the 16th minute to give Arsenal a lead they would never lose and strike a blow to Wigan's confidence, despite a strong attacking threat in the final minutes from Wigan.
On 13 December, Wigan hosted a Blackburn Rovers side in very poor form and eased to a 3–0 victory over their north-west rivals. Two early goals within two minutes of each other from Heskey and Valencia finished the game as a contest after 20 minutes with Lee Cattermole eventually ending the game with a third goal for Wigan mid-way through the second half.
On 26 December, Wigan were again at home, this time against Newcastle United. Newcastle, despite good form coming into the game, were out of sorts and were behind on the scoreboard after 29 minutes with a superb 30-yard free kick from Ryan Taylor beating Shay Given. The second half had Newcastle offering little more than in the first half and things got worse for the north-east outfit when Sébastien Bassong upended Amr Zaki in the penalty area and was given a red card with the penalty being converted by Zaki moments later. Newcastle did get a penalty of their own after a Chris Kirkland took Andy Carroll out in the penalty box and Danny Guthrie added a consolation goal at the end of a lacklustre performance.
On 28 December, Wigan travelled the short distance to the Reebok Stadium to face Bolton Wanderers. Due to the significance of the game, being both a derby and a potential six-point fixture, tempers were heated and a lot of heavy tackles were used with several yellow cards being shown. Wigan did get the opening goal from the penalty spot after Andy O'Brien fouled Amr Zaki just before half time. Bolton then pressed for an equaliser and had the ball cleared off the line at one point during the game but could not find an equaliser and Wigan went home with all three points.
January.
Wigan's first game of the new year came on 2 January in an FA Cup third round clash at Tottenham Hotspur. Wigan played a much weaker side than they had been playing in the Premiership up to now and it showed with Spurs dominating the game and running out comfortable 3–1 winners. Roman Pavlyuchenko opened the scoring for Spurs just inside the second half from the penalty spot after Wigan goalkeeper Richard Kingson fouled Fraizer Campbell. A long range shot from Jamie O'Hara bounced back off the woodwork at straight to Luka Modrić, who doubled Spurs' advantage mid-way through the second half. Wigan did fight back and earned themselves a goal through Henri Camara two minutes from time, but as they pressed forward for an equaliser they were caught on the counter by Pavlyuchenko, who added a third in stoppage time to knock Wigan out of the cup at the first hurdle.
On 11 January Wigan had a return match in the Premier League against Tottenham, at the JJB Stadium. Wigan dominated the game for almost the full 90 minutes and were comfortable with Spurs' attacking strategies. Their hard work and endeavour paid off when Maynor Figueroa popped up with a header in the final minute to give Wigan a well-deserved 1–0 victory.
On 12 January, Wigan announced a successful work permit application to allow Colombian international Hugo Rodallega to join Wigan from Mexican side Club Necaxa.
On 14 January, Wigan travelled to Old Trafford to face reigning champions Manchester United in a re-scheduled game. Wigan were caught cold in the opening minute of the game when Cristiano Ronaldo broke away down the right flank and crossed for Wayne Rooney to score. Despite heavy pressure from Manchester United in the first half, Wigan's defence remained strong and the second half saw Wigan dominate the champions and have a penalty claim harshly denied by referee Steve Bennett, but Wigan could not take their opportunities and United held on to claim victory. Wigan had also announced that they had rejected a bid for midfielder Wilson Palacios from Tottenham Hotspur worth £10,000,000 and have asked Spurs to increase their offer. Tottenham returned with an improved offer of £14,000,000 which was accepted by the Wigan club. The deal, however, was held up after a disagreement over the payment of transfer fees, allowing Manchester City to voice interest.
On 15 January, it was announced that left-sided midfielder Kevin Kilbane had left Wigan to join Hull City for an undisclosed fee after Hull's long publicised interest in the Iris international.
On 17 January, Wigan travelled to the City of Manchester Stadium to face Manchester City. City were the more controlled side during the first half but wasted their opportunities on goal. Wigan came out more spirited in the second period but conceded an early second-half goal to Pablo Zabaleta. City's good position was rocked only a few minutes later after the dismissal of Richard Dunne for a kick on grounded Wigan striker Amr Zaki. Wigan began to dominate proceedings from this point but could not find the finishing touch and even had Zaki miss an open goal five minutes before time and had a penalty decision ruled against them as City held on for victory to inflict back-to-back defeats on Wigan for the first time since October.
On 21 January, Wigan and Tottenham agreed terms on the transfer of Wilson Palacios for £12,000,000.
On 22 January, Wigan announced the loan signing of Egyptian striker Mido from Middlesbrough on loan for six months, with Wigan's Marlon King moving in the opposite direction.
On 23 January, Emile Heskey agreed terms and signed for Aston Villa in a deal worth £3,500,000.
On 28 January, Wigan hosted Premiership challengers Liverpool at the JJB Stadium. Liverpool began the game strongly and were awarded with a goal on the stroke of half-time by Yossi Benayoun. Wigan performed valiantly throughout the second half and controlled the midfield better than Liverpool and were awarded a penalty six minutes from the end of the game, which was converted by Mido on his debut for Wigan. Hugo Rodallega had a superb chance to win the game later on for Wigan, crashing a free kick against the bar but the game ended level.
On 31 January, Wigan travelled to Villa Park to face Aston Villa. In a game dominated by Aston Villa Wigan's strong defence held the onslaught from Villa out for the whole game
February.
On 2 February, it was announced that Henri Camara would join Stoke City on loan until the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19346922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346922" title="WDFM">
WDFM

WDFM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19346924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346924" title="Amenia (NYCRR station)">
Amenia (NYCRR station)

The Amenia NYCRR train station served the residents of Amenia, New York via the Harlem Line. Trains left for New York City every two hours. It is 85 miles (136 km) from Grand Central Terminal and travel time to Grand Central was approximately two hours, sixteen minutes.
The station consisted of a single low-level platform, on the west side of the single track line. Amenia is the only station on the Harlem Line named for one of the senses as opposed to a name derived from a person or object. Amenia means "pleasant", or pleasing to the eye.
History.
The New York and Harlem Railroad built their main line through Amenia between 1848 and 1852. When the station was built, it contained a freight platform, a telegraph office, Railway Express Agency office, and various spurs used for loading and unloading horse wagons in the 19th century, and later trucks in the 20th century.
Amenia held an annual field day in 1913 and 1914, where Harlem trains brought hundreds of passengers up from Grand Central Terminal. The field day was held at the fairgrounds on North Road Amenia, which played host to many early industries in upper Dutchess County.
Early businesses and industries in the town included a tannery, steelworks, a dairy and milk plant and three important iron mines, all of which utilized the railroad as a means of shipping and receiving goods. All business was located in close proximity to the tracks, making the Harlem Line the common carrier for each. Several large hotels were constructed in town, most notably, the Barton House and the Amenia Inn.
New York Central Railroad merged with Pennsylvania Railroad to form Penn Central Railroad in 1968. Passenger service was eliminated by Penn Central in 1972, and freight service was eliminated by their successor Conrail in 1980. Today, the railroad line was converted into the Harlem Valley Rail Trail.
Notes.
One of the early New York and Harlem steam locomotives was named "Amenia".

</doc>
<doc id="19346930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346930" title="Richard Geist">
Richard Geist

Richard A. "Rick" Geist is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 79th District who was first elected in 1978.
Career.
Prior to his election to the House, Geist worked as a senior manager with EADS, a civil engineering firm, in Altoona. 
He was elected to the House in 1978 and has won re-election to each succeeding session of the House.
In 2001, Geist briefly considered running for the vacant ninth district congressional seat held by Rep. Bud Shuster. He stayed out of the race, only offering himself as a compromise candidate between two rival factions.
He is Republican chairman of the House Transportation Committee and House Committee on Committees. He also sits on the House Rules and Commerce Committees. Geist is a past president of the High Speed Ground Transportation Association and the first chairman of the Pennsylvania High-Speed Intercity Rail Passenger Commission.
Geist was defeated by a member of the Tea Party in the primary on April 24, 2012, while seeking re-election to an anticipated 18th term. Dr. John D. McGinnis, a finance professor from Penn State Altoona now holds the position.
Personal.
Geist is a graduate of Altoona Area High School and an associate degree from Penn State University - College of Engineering. He was also was a Kellogg Fellow and a graduate of the Public Affairs Leadership Program.
Geist and his wife reside in Altoona.

</doc>
<doc id="19346932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346932" title="Battle Through Time">
Battle Through Time

Battle Through Time is a computer game for the Commodore 64 computer, programmed by Ken Grant.
Summary.
This video game is a side-scrolling ground-based shoot 'em up game drawing obvious influence from the arcade game "Moon Patrol". The basic gameplay is similar to "Moon Patrol", in that the player has to drive a jeep through rough landscape and jump over potholes and obstacles, and shoot at enemies both on the ground and in the sky.
"Battle Through Time" is themed after the most famous wars in the 20th century. It has seven levels, each with their own settings:
Each level has its own music theme, which consist of computer renditions of various famous melodies, such as "Symphony #5" by Ludwig van Beethoven and "The Blue Danube" by Johann Strauss the Younger, and contemporary classics such as the "Star Wars" theme.

</doc>
<doc id="19346935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346935" title="Amish">
Amish

The Amish ( ; Pennsylvania Dutch: "Amisch", German: "Amische") are a group of traditionalist Christian church fellowships, closely related to but distinct from Mennonite churches, with whom they share Swiss Anabaptist origins. The Amish are known for simple living, plain dress, and reluctance to adopt many conveniences of modern technology. The history of the Amish church began with a schism in Switzerland within a group of Swiss and Alsatian Anabaptists in 1693 led by Jakob Ammann. Those who followed Ammann became known as Amish.
In the early 18th century, many Amish and Mennonites immigrated to Pennsylvania for a variety of reasons. Today, the most traditional descendants of the Amish continue to speak Pennsylvania German, also known as "Pennsylvania Dutch". However, a dialect of Swiss German predominates in some Old Order Amish communities, especially in the American state of Indiana. As of 2000, over 165,000 Old Order Amish live in the United States and approximately 1,500 live in Canada. A 2008 study suggested their numbers have increased to 227,000, and in 2010 a study suggested their population had grown by 10 percent in the past two years to 249,000, with increasing movement to the West.
Amish church membership begins with baptism, usually between the ages of 16 and 25. It is a requirement for marriage, and once a person has affiliated with the church, he or she may marry only within the faith. Church districts average between 20 and 40 families, and worship services are held every other Sunday in a member's home. The district is led by a bishop and several ministers and deacons. The rules of the church, the "Ordnung", must be observed by every member and cover most aspects of day-to-day living, including prohibitions or limitations on the use of power-line electricity, telephones, and automobiles, as well as regulations on clothing. Most Amish do not buy commercial insurance or participate in Social Security. As present-day Anabaptists, Amish church members practice nonresistance and will not perform any type of military service.
Members who do not conform to these community expectations and who cannot be convinced to repent are excommunicated. In addition to excommunication, members may be shunned, a practice that limits social contacts to shame the wayward member into returning to the church. Almost 90 percent of Amish teenagers choose to be baptized and join the church. During adolescence "rumspringa" ("running around") in some communities, nonconforming behavior that would result in the shunning of an adult who had made the permanent commitment of baptism, may meet with a degree of forbearance. Amish church groups seek to maintain a degree of separation from the non-Amish (English) world. There is generally a heavy emphasis on church and family relationships. They typically operate their own one-room schools and discontinue formal education at grade eight (age 13/14). They value rural life, manual labor and humility.
History.
The Amish Mennonite movement descends from the 16th century fellowship known as the Swiss Brethren. The Swiss Brethren were Anabaptists, and are often viewed as having been a part of the Radical Reformation. "Anabaptist" means "one who baptizes again"—a reference to those who had been baptized as infants, but later adopted a belief in "believer's baptism", and then let themselves again be baptized as adults. These Swiss Brethren trace their origins to Felix Manz (c. 1498–1527) and Conrad Grebel (c. 1498–1526), who had broken from reformer Huldrych Zwingli.
The Amish movement takes its name from Jakob Ammann (c. 1656–1730), a Swiss Mennonite leader. Ammann believed Mennonites, the peaceful Anabaptists of the Low Countries and Germany, were drifting away from the teachings of Menno Simons and the 1632 Mennonite Dordrecht Confession of Faith. Ammann favored stronger church discipline, including a more rigid application of shunning, the social exclusion of excommunicated members. Swiss Anabaptists, who were scattered by persecution throughout the Alsace and the Electorate of the Palatinate, never practiced strict shunning as had some lowland Anabaptists. Ammann insisted upon this practice, even to the point of expecting spouses to refuse to eat with each other, until the banned spouse repented. This type of strict literalism, on this issue, as well as others, brought about a division among the Mennonites of Southern Germany, the Alsace and Switzerland in 1693, and led to withdrawal of those who sided with Ammann.
Swiss Anabaptism developed, from this point, in two parallel streams. Those following Ammann became known as "Amish" or "Amish Mennonite". The others eventually formed the basis of the Swiss Mennonite Conference. Because of this common heritage, Amish and Mennonites retain many similarities. Those who leave the Amish fold tend to join various congregations of Conservative Mennonites.
Amish Mennonites began migrating to Pennsylvania in the 18th century as part of a larger migration from the Palatinate and neighboring areas. This migration was a reaction to religious wars, poverty, and religious persecution on the Continent. The first Amish immigrants went to Berks County, Pennsylvania, but later moved, motivated by land issues and by security concerns tied to the French and Indian War. Many eventually settled in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Other groups later settled in, or spread to Alabama, Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New York, Ohio, Maryland, Tennessee, Wisconsin, Maine, and Ontario.
The Amish congregations remaining in Europe slowly merged with the Mennonites. The last Amish congregation to merge was the Ixheim Amish congregation, which merged with the neighboring Mennonite Church in 1937. Some Mennonite congregations, including most in Alsace, are descended directly from former Amish congregations.
Most Amish communities that were established in North America did not ultimately retain their Amish identity. The original major split that resulted in the loss of identity occurred in the 1860s. During that decade "Dienerversammlungen" (ministerial conferences) were held in Wayne County, Ohio, concerning how the Amish should deal with the pressures of modern society. The meetings themselves were a progressive idea; for bishops to assemble to discuss uniformity was an unprecedented notion in the Amish church. By the first several meetings, the more traditionally minded bishops agreed to boycott the conferences. The more progressive members, comprising approximately two thirds of the group, retained the name Amish Mennonite. Many of these eventually united with the Mennonite Church, and other Mennonite denominations, especially in the early 20th century. The more traditionally minded groups became known as the Old Order Amish.
Religious practices.
Two key concepts for understanding Amish practices are their rejection of "Hochmut" (pride, arrogance, haughtiness) and the high value they place on "Demut" (humility) and "Gelassenheit" (calmness, composure, placidity), often translated as "submission" or "letting-be". Gelassenheit is perhaps better understood as a reluctance to be forward, to be self-promoting, or to assert oneself. The Amish's willingness to submit to the "Will of Jesus", expressed through group norms, is at odds with the individualism so central to the wider American culture. The Amish anti-individualist orientation is the motive for rejecting labor-saving technologies that might make one less dependent on community. Modern innovations like electricity might spark a competition for status goods, or photographs might cultivate personal vanity.
Way of life.
Amish lifestyle is dictated by the Ordnung (German, meaning: order), which differs slightly from community to community, and, within a community, from district to district. What is acceptable in one community may not be acceptable in another. No summary of Amish lifestyle and culture can be totally adequate, because there are few generalities that are true for all Amish. Groups may separate over matters such as the width of a hat-brim, the color of buggies, or other issues.
Bearing children, raising them, and socializing with neighbors and relatives are the greatest functions of the Amish family. All Amish believe large families are a blessing from God.
Language.
Most Old Order Amish speak Pennsylvania Dutch, and refer to non-Amish as "English", regardless of ethnicity. Some Amish who migrated to the United States in the 1850s speak Bernese German or a Low Alemannic Alsatian dialect. According to one scholar, "today, almost all Amish are functionally bilingual in Pennsylvania Dutch and English; however, domains of usage are sharply separated. Pennsylvania Dutch dominates in most in-group settings, such as the dinner table and preaching in church services. In contrast, English is used for most reading and writing. English is also the medium of instruction in schools and is used in business transactions and often, out of politeness, in situations involving interactions with non-Amish. Finally, the Amish read prayers and sing in Standard German (which, in Pennsylvania Dutch, is called "Hochdeitsch") at church services. The distinctive use of three different languages serves as a powerful conveyor of Amish identity." Although "the English language is being used in more and more situations," Pennsylvania Dutch is "one of a handful of minority languages in the United States that is neither endangered nor supported by continual arrivals of immigrants."
Cuisine.
"See also Cuisine of the Pennsylvania Dutch"
Amish cuisine is noted for its simplicity and traditional qualities. Food plays an important part in Amish social life and is served at potlucks, weddings, fundraisers, farewells and other events. Many Amish foods are sold at markets including pies, preserves, bread mixes, pickled produce, desserts and canned goods. Many Amish communities have also established restaurants for visitors.
Population and distribution.
Because members usually get baptized no earlier than 18 and children are not counted in local congregation numbers, it is difficult to put an exact figure on the number of Amish. Rough estimates from various studies have placed their numbers at 125,000 in 1992; 166,000 in 2000; and 221,000 in 2008. Thus, from 1992 to 2008, population growth among the Amish in North America was 84 percent (3.6 percent per year). During that time they established 184 new settlements and moved into six new states. In 2000, approximately 165,620 Old Order Amish resided in the United States, of whom 73,609 were church members. The Amish are among the fastest-growing populations in the world, with an average of seven children per family.
In 2010, a few religious bodies, including the Amish, changed the way their adherents were reported to better match the standards of the Association of Statisticians of American Religious Bodies (ASARB). When looking at all Amish adherents and not solely Old Order Amish, there were approximately 241,000 Amish adherents in 28 states in 2010.
There are Old Order communities in 27 U.S. states and the Canadian province of Ontario; Ohio has the largest population (55,000), followed by Pennsylvania (51,000) and Indiana (38,000). The largest Amish settlements are in Holmes County in central Ohio, Lancaster County in south-central Pennsylvania, and Elkhart and LaGrange counties in northeast Indiana. The largest concentration of Amish west of the Mississippi River is in Missouri, with other settlements in eastern Iowa and Southeast Minnesota. In addition, there is a population of approximately 10,000 Old Order Amish in West Central Wisconsin. Because of rapid population growth in Amish communities, new settlements are formed to obtain sufficient farmland. Other reasons for new settlements include locating in isolated areas that support their lifestyle, moving to areas with cultures conducive to their way of life, maintaining proximity to family or other Amish groups, and sometimes to resolve church or leadership conflicts.
A small Beachy Amish congregation associated with Weavertown Amish Mennonite Church exists in the Republic of Ireland.
Ethnicity.
The Amish largely share a German or Swiss-German ancestry. They generally use the term "Amish" only for members of their faith community, and not as an ethnic designation. Those who choose to affiliate with the church, or young children raised in Amish homes, but too young to yet be church members, are considered to be Amish. Certain Mennonite churches have a high number of people who were formerly from Amish congregations. Although more Amish immigrated to America in the 19th century than during the 18th century, most of today's Amish descend from 18th-century immigrants. The latter tended to emphasize tradition to a greater extent, and were perhaps more likely to maintain a separate Amish identity. There are a number of Amish Mennonite church groups that had never in their history been associated with the Old Order Amish. The former Western Ontario Mennonite Conference (WOMC) was made up almost entirely of former Amish Mennonites who reunited with the Mennonite Church in Canada. Orland Gingerich's book "The Amish of Canada" devotes the vast majority of its pages not to the Beachy or Old Order Amish, but to congregations in the former WOMC.
Health.
Amish populations have higher incidences of particular genetic disorders, including dwarfism (Ellis–van Creveld syndrome), and various metabolic disorders, as well as an unusual distribution of blood types. Amish represent a collection of different demes or genetically closed communities. Since almost all Amish descend from about 200 18th-century founders, genetic disorders that come out due to inbreeding exist in more isolated districts (an example of the founder effect). Some of these disorders are quite rare, or unique, and are serious enough to increase the mortality rate among Amish children. The majority of Amish accept these as "Gottes Wille" (God's will); they reject use of preventive genetic tests prior to marriage and genetic testing of unborn children to discover genetic disorders. However, Amish are willing to participate in studies of genetic diseases. Their extensive family histories are useful to researchers investigating diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and macular degeneration.
While the Amish are at an increased risk for a number of genetic disorders, researchers at The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center—Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute (OSUCCC-James) have found their tendencies for clean living can lead to a healthier life. Overall cancer rates in the Amish population are 60 percent of the age-adjusted rate for Ohio and 56 percent of the national rate. The incidence of tobacco-related cancers in the Amish adults is 37 percent of the rate for Ohio adults, and the incidence of non-tobacco-related cancer is 72 percent. The Amish have protection against many types of cancer both through their lifestyle—there is very little tobacco or alcohol use and limited sexual partners—and through genes that may reduce their susceptibility to cancer. Dr. Judith Westman, director of human genetics at OSUCCC-James, conducted the study. The findings were reported in a recent issue of the journal "Cancer Causes & Control". Even skin cancer rates are lower for Amish, despite the fact many Amish make their living working outdoors where they are exposed to sunlight and UV rays. They are typically covered and dressed to work in the sun by wearing wide-brimmed hats and long sleeves to protect their skin.
The Amish are conscious of the advantages of exogamy. A common bloodline in one community will often be absent in another, and genetic disorders can be avoided by choosing spouses from unrelated communities. For example, the founding families of the Lancaster County Amish are unrelated to the founders of the Perth County, Ontario Amish community. Because of a smaller gene pool, some groups have increased incidences of certain inheritable conditions.
The Old Order Amish do not typically carry private commercial health insurance. About two-thirds of the Amish in Pennsylvania's Lancaster County participate in Church Aid, an informal self-insurance plan for helping members with catastrophic medical expenses. A handful of American hospitals, starting in the mid-1990s, created special outreach programs to assist the Amish. The first of these programs was instituted at the Susquehanna Health System in central Pennsylvania by James Huebert. This program has earned national media attention in the United States, and has spread to several surrounding hospitals. Treating genetic problems is the mission of Clinic for Special Children in Strasburg, Pennsylvania, which has developed effective treatments for such problems as maple syrup urine disease, a previously fatal disease. The clinic is embraced by most Amish, ending the need for parents to leave the community to receive proper care for their children, an action that might result in shunning.
DDC Clinic for Special Needs Children, located in Middlefield, Ohio, has been treating special-needs children with inherited or metabolic disorders since May 2002. The DDC Clinic provides treatment, research, and educational services to Amish and non-Amish children and their families.
Although not forbidden or thought of as immoral, most Amish do not practice any form of birth control, hence their large families. They are against abortion and also find "artificial insemination, genetics, eugenics, and stem cell research" to be "inconsistent with Amish values and beliefs".
"People's Helpers" is an Amish-organized network of mental health caregivers who help families dealing with mental illness and recommend professional counselors. Suicide rates for the Amish of Lancaster County were 5.5 per 100,000 in 1980, about half that of the general population.
Amish life in the modern world.
As time has passed, the Amish have felt pressures from the modern world. Issues such as taxation, education, law and its enforcement, and occasional discrimination and hostility, are areas of difficulty.
The Amish way of life in general has increasingly diverged from that of modern society. On occasion, this has resulted in sporadic discrimination and hostility from their neighbors, such as throwing of stones or other objects at Amish horse-drawn carriages on the roads.
The Amish do not usually educate their children past the eighth grade, believing that the basic knowledge offered up to that point is sufficient to prepare one for the Amish lifestyle. Almost no Amish go to high school and college. In many communities, the Amish operate their own schools, which are typically one-room schoolhouses with teachers (young unmarried women) from the Amish community. On May 19, 1972, Jonas Yoder and Wallace Miller of the Old Order Amish, and Adin Yutzy of the Conservative Amish Mennonite Church, were each fined $5 for refusing to send their children, aged 14 and 15, to high school. In "Wisconsin v. Yoder", the Wisconsin Supreme Court overturned the conviction, and the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed this, finding the benefits of universal education do not justify a violation of the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment.
The Amish are subject to sales and property taxes. As they do not own motor vehicles, they have no occasion to pay motor vehicle registration fees nor do they spend money in the purchase of fuel for vehicles. Under their beliefs and traditions, generally the Amish do not agree with the idea of Social Security benefits and have a religious objection to insurance. On this basis, the United States Internal Revenue Service agreed in 1961 that they did not need to pay Social Security-related taxes. In 1965, this policy was codified into law. Self-employed individuals in certain sects do not pay into nor receive benefits from the United States Social Security system. This exemption applies to a religious group that is conscientiously opposed to accepting benefits of any private or public insurance, provides a reasonable level of living for its dependent members and has existed continuously since December 31, 1950. The U.S. Supreme Court in 1982 clarified that Amish employers are not exempt, but only those Amish individuals who are self-employed.
Publishing.
The Old Order Amish support an unofficial publishing house known as Pathway Publishing Company in LaGrange, Indiana, and Aylmer, Ontario. Pathway publishes a number of school text books, general reading books, and periodicals.
Subgroups of Amish.
Over the years, the Amish churches have divided many times over doctrinal disputes. The largest group, the "Old Order" Amish, a conservative faction that separated from other Amish in the 1860s, are those that have most emphasized traditional practices and beliefs. There are as many as eight major subgroups of Amish with most belonging, in ascending order of conservatism, to the Beachy Amish, New Order, Old Order, and Swartzentruber Amish sects.
Conflicts.
Conflicts between subgroups of Amish have resulted in instances of "beard cutting" attacks on members of the Amish community. Due to the cloistered nature of Amish lifestyle, they are often reluctant to bring complaints to local police who describe the attacks as "very rare". In September 2012, a group of 16 Amish men and women from Bergholz, Ohio, were convicted on Federal hate-crime and conspiracy charges, including Samuel Mullet Sr., who did not participate in the five hair- and beard-cutting attacks but was tried as the leader of the campaign. Samuel Mullet Sr. was sentenced to 15 years in prison on February 8, 2013. Fifteen others were given lighter sentences ranging from one year and one day to seven years.
Similar groups.
Old Order Mennonites, Conservative Mennonites, Hutterites, and Old German Baptist Brethren are distinct from the Amish. They all emigrated from Europe, but they arrived with different German dialects, separate cultures, and diverse religious traditions. Particularly, the Hutterites live communally and are generally accepting of modern technology.
Plain Quakers are similar in manner and lifestyle, including their attitudes toward war, but are unrelated to the Amish. Early Quakers were influenced, to some degree, by the Anabaptists, and in turn influenced the Amish in colonial Pennsylvania. Most modern Quakers have since abandoned their traditional dress.

</doc>
<doc id="19346942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346942" title="Ardley railway station">
Ardley railway station

Ardley railway station was a railway station serving the village of Ardley in Oxfordshire, England. It was on what is now known as the Chiltern Main Line, south of Ardley Tunnel.
History.
Ardley was one of six new stations that the Great Western Railway provided when it opened the high-speed Bicester cut-off line between Princes Risborough and Kings Sutton in 1910. The line became part of the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. British Railways closed Ardley station in 1963.
The site today.
Trains of the Chiltern Main Line pass the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19346945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346945" title="1969–70 Coupe de France">
1969–70 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1969–70 season. AS Saint-Étienne won the final played on May 31, 1970, beating FC Nantes.
Semi-finals.
First round
Second round

</doc>
<doc id="19346957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346957" title="Calle Mendez Vigo (Mayagüez)">
Calle Mendez Vigo (Mayagüez)

Calle Méndez Vigo (Mendez Vigo Street) is a major thoroughfare in the western Puerto Rico municipality of Mayagüez it has a length of about 1.22 miles. The street is oriented east-west with traffic running one-way westbound with the number of lanes going from one to two after the road passes Calle Ramón Emeterio Betances (formerly "Post Street") in downtown Mayagüez.
In this street are located some of the most important historical places as: E. Franco & Co. (the house of the "Brazo Gitano Franco"), Escuela Mariano Riera Palmer, Iglesia Católica de Nuestra Señora del Carmen, Edificio Darlington, Parque Suau, Casa Gómez, Antiguo Hospital Ramírez, Casa Casals-Defilló, Edificio Westernbank, Iglesia Central Presbiteriana, Edificio la Palma, Edificio La Bolsa, Panadería y Repostería Ricomini, Municipal Historical Archives (Teatro Riera) and Teatro Balboa.
History of the name.
The street is named after Spanish General Santiago de Méndez Vigo, who was Governor of Puerto Rico during the early 1840s. The Great Fire of 1841 on January 30 destroyed much of the Villa; of the 700 houses in Mayagüez, only 40 remained. Governor Santiago Méndez Vigo was informed and he immediately headed towards Mayagüez on horseback with a few of his assistants. The governor brings with him 20,000 pesos in silver coins to help the victims of the fire. The Villa of Mayagüez in a gratefulness to the Governor changes the name of the main street to Méndez Vigo. Before the street was called Calle Comercio (Commerce Street).

</doc>
<doc id="19346959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346959" title="Cristopher Tronco Sánchez">
Cristopher Tronco Sánchez

Cristopher Tronco Sánchez (born November 17, 1985 in Mexico City) is a Mexican swimmer.
He has represented Mexico at the Paralympic Games in 2008 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19346962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346962" title="Little Chef">
Little Chef

Little Chef is a chain of roadside restaurants in the United Kingdom, founded in 1958 by entrepreneur Sam Alper, and modelled on American diners. It specialises in the "Olympic Breakfast", its version of a full English, and "Jubilee Pancakes". The restaurants are mostly located on sites on A roads and motorways, often paired with a Travelodge motel and a petrol station.
The chain expanded rapidly throughout the 1970s and 1980s, largely organically, although in 1986 it acquired Happy Eater, its only major roadside competitor. It peaked in numbers in 1999 - 2000 with 439 restaurants, but restructuring has seen this reduced to 78. The Little Chef brand has been in decline for many years, largely due to a lack of investment, a tired menu, and increased competition on motorways.
Little Chef has been owned by six different companies since its mid-1980s heyday. It was owned by Trusthouse Forte from the 1970s, who were taken over by Granada, who were then taken over by Compass, who sold the chain to the private equity firm Permira, who divested the chain to The People's Restaurant Group, who in turn sold the chain to the business turnaround specialists RCapital.
In July 2013 RCapital sold LittleChef to the UK arm of Kuwaiti-owned Kout Food Group.
History.
Conception and early years.
Caravan manufacturer Sam Alper built and designed the first Little Chef, modelled on diners he had seen in the United States. Opened in 1958 on Oxford Road, Reading, it had just 11 seats. The earliest Little Chefs were basic, prefabricated constructions, with room for up to 20 customers, a staff of three to four and provision for car parking. Catering industry veteran Peter Merchant developed the concept through his Merchant Group, which later merged with John Gardner Catering to form Gardner Merchant. From 1965, they began to be built in brick, with room for about 40 customers, by which time there were 12 outlets. Standard décor and uniforms were brought in, together with staff training. Later on, they were built with room for some 60 customers, car parking space was improved, and sign boards and other identifying marks emphasised. In 1968, Gardner Merchant became a subsidiary of Trust Houses, by which time there were 25 Little Chef restaurants.
In 1970 Trust Houses merged with Charles Forte's hotel and catering empire to become Trust House Forte; Europe's largest hotel, catering and leisure group. By that time, Trust House Forte had 44 Little Chef restaurants. The takeover by Forte was a huge boon for the company, as it gave them the capital and resources to expand rapidly. Frustrated by planning laws, Forte sent teams out to well-located transport cafes and offered the owners huge cash incentives to sell and move out within the week so that Forte could turn their restaurants into Little Chefs. Thus, by 1972 the chain had expanded to 100 outlets. Sites were a mixture of self-service and waitress service, though predominantly the former. By 1976 there were 174 outlets, and the first "Little Chef Lodge" motel was opened. In 1977 "Jubilee Pancakes" were added to the menu.
1980–2000.
Little Chefs were opened at larger Trust House Forte service areas on motorways and trunk roads. In 1987 these service areas became known as Welcome Break after the acquisition of the smaller Welcome Break group of motorway service areas and the Happy Eater roadside restaurants, Little Chef's main rival at the time, in 1986 as part of the break-up of Imperial Group. In 1990 the Little Chef Lodges were rebranded as Travelodge. In 1995 Forte announced the end of the Happy Eater brand, with all existing sites converted into Little Chef.
Little Chef had a spin off brand called "Little Chef Express" which Forte developed in 1995 as a rival to fast food outlets. The first Express outlet was at the Markham Moor service station (A1 North), though only as an addition to the existing Little Chef menu there. However, only five restaurants were ever built on the roadside, and the idea was re-developed when Little Chef was taken over by Compass, with the Express take outs being set up in food courts, including one in the Eurostar terminal.
In 1996 the catering and broadcasting conglomerate Granada successfully mounted a hostile takeover for the Forte group. The Welcome Break chain was sold by Granada, the Little Chefs at those motorway service areas becoming a similar table service restaurant, Red Hen.
In 1998, Granada bought AJ's Family Restaurants, another Little Chef rival, from the "Celebrated Group" and converted all of its fifteen sites to Little Chefs. AJ's had originally been set up in 1986 by two Happy Eater directors, following Happy Eater's sale to Forte.
2000–2007.
In 2000 Granada merged with the Compass Group to form Granada Compass, but the two demerged in 2001 leaving Little Chef as part of Compass. At about this time some Little Chefs began serving Harry Ramsden's meals, a cross-branding exercise by Compass who also owned Harry Ramsden's, though this ended in June 2004.
The private equity business Permira bought Travelodge and Little Chef from Compass Group in December 2002 for £712 million, forming a special purpose vehicle called TLLC Group Holdings. Those Little Chefs at Moto motorway service areas – formerly the Granada motorway service areas, and owned by Compass until 2006 – were owned by Moto and operated as franchised outlets.
In August 2004, Little Chef announced it planned to change its logo, to a slimmer version of 'Fat Charlie', the chain's current mascot. Little Chef's chief executive Tim Scoble said that this was " the start of a re-image programme for Little Chef" and that the chain "has become a little bit dated", but now wishes to "take it forward into the 21st century". He also noted later on that "We get accusations that he's overweight and a lot of people have also written in to say it was a small child carrying hot food, which they said was dangerous". However, the idea was dropped after 15,000 customers complained.
Little Chef had five restaurants in the Republic of Ireland, but they were sold to Egan Hospitality with two rebranded as Metzo in 2005 and the rest as Eddie Rockets.
In 2005 the company was sold to catering entrepreneurs Lawrence Wosskow and Simon Heath for £58 million. TLLC kept hold of Travelodge, and The People's Restaurant Group Ltd was founded by the new owners of Little Chef, however they continued trading under the same name. In March 2006, the People's Restaurant Group sold 65 of its sites under a leaseback deal for £59 million to Israeli property group Arazim.
Administration and rescue deal.
In December 2006, it emerged that Little Chef was undergoing serious financial problems; the business was said to be losing around £3m a year, struggling to keep up with rent payments and had lost nearly half of its branches in five years. Furthermore, Laurence Wosskow suffered a heart attack and subsequent ill health earlier in the year, and was unable to help turn the company around. On 21 December, Little Chef announced it were in urgent rescue talks with a group of American investors, in the attempt to secure rescue funding. It had been suggested at the time that PricewaterhouseCoopers was on standby to act as administrators for the company; however a source close to the company was quoted as saying “We are still very hopeful that this situation can be resolved.” At the time, the People's Restaurant Group was being advised by KPMG's corporate recovery arm.
In December 2006 Little Chef was taken into administration, and the company was then rescued on 3 January 2007 by RCapital, a UK private equity group, which paid less than £10 million. 38 of the 235 branches were not included in the sale and were closed immediately; the remaining restaurants continued to operate normally.
By December 2007 a number of sites not leased from Travelodge or Arazim (Little Chef's two main landlords) closed, as Little Chef had not been able to reach agreements with the individual landlords. As all the franchised outlets at Moto sites closed during 2008/2009, the chain was further reduced.
Competition and decline.
Several factors contributed to the decline of Little Chef, including increased competition from other chains and years of under-investment and neglect by numerous owners.
From its inception until the mid-1990s Little Chef had relatively little competition from other chains. However, by the early 2000s, the business was seen to be in decline, sometimes attributed to owners from Granada onwards having extracted too much money from the business without investing in updating the format. Britain's roadsides had become saturated by fast food restaurants such as McDonald's, KFC, and Burger King. Granada opened several Burger Kings within or adjacent to their Little Chef sites as a response, making Little Chef the largest Burger King franchise in the UK.
A further challenge to Little Chef was the rise of pub restaurants which catered both for the business and family markets. Recently refurbished service stations began to offer additional choices such as Marks & Spencer Simply Food and coffee chains such as Costa in place of Little Chef outlets, which appealed to people not wanting to spend a long time over a meal. Furthermore, the construction of the motorway network meant that A-roads (along which Little Chef outlets were usually situated) were no longer used for long-distance travel.
In 2005 it was announced that 130 underperforming restaurants were to be closed, reducing the chain to 234 restaurants. Prior to that however, Granada had been gradually reducing the number of restaurants, from well over 300 at one time. During 2005 Travelodge Hotels Ltd (the new name for TLLC) made various announcements about the sale of some or all of the restaurants, until in October the chain was sold to The People's Restaurant Group Ltd, who planned to modernise the restaurants and introduce self-service.
Changes introduced during 2006 included the opening of coffee shops under the name Coffee Tempo! within several larger branches. These 'grab and go' units were developed by Nick Smith, who joined Little Chef as development director after leading the design and implementation of the Wild Bean Café format at BP petrol stations. Little Chef also introduced a takeaway menu. Both initiatives were aimed to increase the appeal of the brand to customers unwilling to spend a long period waiting for table service.
The People's Restaurant group slashed menu prices in an attempt to attract customers. Unfortunately, the only outcome of this was less money going through the tills. It would appear that Little Chef completely ignored the competition it was faced with, not to mention the fact that restaurants had become run down and staffed minimally.
2008 – present.
Heston Blumenthal.
In 2009 celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal appeared in a Channel 4 documentary programme to revamp the Little Chef chain; the programme was broadcast from 19 to 21 January, and involved Blumenthal introducing a new menu and organising a refit at the Little Chef in the village of Popham, near Basingstoke. The trial was successful, with a promise from the owner that none of the dishes would change without Blumenthal's consent. Heston Blumenthal returned to Popham in February 2009 to review progress, and the owner promised that if there was a profit within three months the redesigned format would be spread to all branches. Furthermore two more former Little Chef branches would reopen, in Ings and Malton. It was later announced that a further two Little Chefs, at York and Kettering, would be refurbished in the style of the trial in Popham.
2011.
In 2011, a further ten new concept restaurants opened at Doncaster, Markham Moor North, Shrewsbury, Black Cat, Fontwell, Weston on the Green North, Wisley South, Ilminster, Podimore and Amesbury with a view to investing £20 million in updating the brand across the estate. New menus have been introduced and restaurants have been refurbished based on the style which celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal designed in 2009. A full rebranding exercise was undertaken by Venture Three, which was hailed as a great success by the graphic design community. As part of its modernisation the company used its new branding to create a presence in the digital arena on Facebook. and Twitter
A 'Good to Go' deli offering was introduced in the new concept restaurants, making bespoke sandwiches as well as takeaway meals appealing to customers on the move. 'Good to Go' sits alongside the traditional sit-down Little Chef format.
In May 2011 the company reported a 47% increase in food sales.
2012.
On 11 January 2012, Little Chef announced that it planned to close 67 of its failing restaurants, with the loss of up to 600 jobs. On 7 February RCapital announced that it was putting the Little Chef chain through "a pre-pack administration to offload a number of toxic leases". Graham Sims, the chairman of Little Chef, said that suppliers and other unsecured creditors would suffer from the decision to put the chain through this administration process, which had been taken reluctantly. He expected job losses to be at the lower end of the previously announced range of 500 to 600. The business will refocus now on a core of 95 profitable sites.
By January 2012, 11 Little Chefs had been converted to the Blumenthal format.
In April 2012, the chairman Graham Sims said, "Everyone remembers Little Chef from the 1970s, with curtains at the windows and wooden tables. It worked well for 20 or 30 years but frankly it hasn't kept pace with the evolution of the retail market. It lost its way. We've gone through 3 or 4 owners in 10 years and none of them have really taken the tough decisions to sort out the assets, the cost base and bring up the offer for the 21st century." In his view, some of the owners had treated it as "a cash cow, looking for the traditional quick in and out".
In September the company announced plans to franchise.
2013.
In April 2013, R Capital announced that it was to seek a buyer for the Little Chef business which comprised 78 outlets, from Scotland to Cornwall, all of which are said to be profitable. The move indicated that R Capital had succeeded through tough restructuring in turning round the company’s fortunes. The sale was expected to have a price tag of 'tens of millions of pounds'.
In June 2013, Little Chef announced that it dropped Heston Blumenthal's creations from all it's menus. Little Chef spokesman Richard Hillgrove is quoted as saying that 'Heston originally approached us to do his Channel 4 show about how he was going to save Little Chef. It seemed like a good idea at the time. But he took everything away from its core.' 
Menu.
Traditionally, a staple of Little Chef's menu has been all day breakfasts, although some can only be bought before 11 am. Nearly all the menu consists of traditional British fare. Main meals options include burgers, grills, steaks, haddock or cod, all with chips. Pasta and salads were introduced in the early 1990s. For dessert, pancakes have always been the most notable items, with a choice of toppings. There is also a children's menu and a new takeaway menu. Little Chefs offer each diner a free lollipop on leaving.
Prior to the company going into administration, the People's Restaurant Group had begun to modernise the Little Chef menu, introducing subs and panini.
In November 2008 during the revamp, Heston Blumenthal wrote the new menu featuring some of the features famous in his restaurant, The Fat Duck, modernising old British classics. His original menu featuring Lancashire Hotpot with an oyster and buttered roast potato soup was scrapped after taking too long to make and the board of Little Chef disliking it. When shown that menu and given the option in a branch of Little Chef people thought it was "too posh" with 5:1 preferring the old menu. His altered menu featured such dishes as spit-roast chicken, a new Olympic Breakfast, ox cheeks, and new healthier options. The Telegraph newspaper reported in May 2009 that after a seven-month trial, the Heston Blumenthal menu was to be rolled out across the entire Little Chef estate, initially at further test sites, and that only minimal changes would be made for logistical purposes.
The new 2011 menu is based upon the one designed by Blumenthal albeit with many of the traditional Little Chef dishes still available. The new concept 'Good to Go' delis serve sandwiches and takeaway meals in several refurbished restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="19346963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346963" title="Osialfecanakmg">
Osialfecanakmg

Osialfecanakmg is an acronym made up of the chemical symbols of the 8 main geological elements. Because they are so important, geologists sometimes refer to the elements named below as the BIG 8.
Element Volume proportions are:

</doc>
<doc id="19346966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346966" title="Lichtjesroute">
Lichtjesroute

The ("Route of Lights"; ) is a festival held every autumn in Eindhoven, in the southern Netherlands. It starts with a parade on 18 September, celebrating the liberation of Eindhoven during World War II on that date in 1944. The "Lichtjesroute" is celebrated not only to commemorate the liberation, but also to create an illusion of "fairytales in light".
Origin.
During the first commemoration of the liberation of Eindhoven, a (Committee of Party Lighting) was formed. Committee members included the Municipal Energy company , Philips, the Federation of Neighbourhood Associations (), the Eindhoven Installer Association (), and the tourist board Association for Foreign Traffic (). The committee had the idea to give the celebrations some extra light. The inhabitants of Eindhoven were asked to help by making their houses shine in any way possible for one day. Because many things were still in short supply so soon after the war, this was mostly restricted to candles at the windows.
After 1947, the Foundation for Liberation Commemoration () took over coordination of all festival activities. The original day of lights was transformed into a "route of lights". In several places throughout the city, dubbed "Focal Points" or "Fire Points" (), celebration lighting illuminated the area for four days, between 20:00 and 24:00 each day.
In the following years, the amount of Fire Points grew steadily. By 1969, 25 years after the liberation, the route had grown to a length of no less than . This would be the last year the "Lichtjesroute" was celebrated for more than a decade.
In 1984, a number of enthusiasts decided it was time to give the "Lichtjesroute" a new life. Through a mailing, a thousand corporations were asked for financial support, and the local media called for volunteers to help make the new "Lichtjesroute" a reality.
The route today.
The "Lichtjesroute", as revived in 1984, consists of a route through the centre of Eindhoven and through the suburbs of Stratum, Strijp, and Woensel. The route is about long and is especially popular with smaller children. Families usually travel the route by car; officials have also made it friendly for cyclists who want to follow the route. The route is indicated by reflecting "pointer" signs that show an arrow and a red picture of a light bulb. On some signs, the text (cycle route) is also added, to indicate areas where cyclists should follow an alternate route.
Along the route, various frames with ornaments made from lights are mounted onto lamp posts. The ornaments depict various objects and animals; some have World War II–themed imagery. Ornaments are usually grouped by common themes—all animals are located together, for example. The placement of the ornaments changes each year, but in some places, the same ornaments are shown each year. For example, ("Half-moon Street") is always decorated with half-moon crescent shapes. The area always has ornaments of astrological signs, because the streets there are named after characters from Greek and Roman mythology. In ("White Village"), there are no ornaments—but red, white, and blue lamps, symbolic of the flag of the Netherlands, are placed on the bay windows, where they shine onto the white houses.
Special resting places are designated on the route, where people can stop for a snack or walk around; one such area is , a square and small park in a residential area. These points are usually the busiest on the route, and as a result, traffic jams are common there.
Sustainability.
In 2006, the Foundation started replacing the incandescent light bulbs with light-emitting diodes (LEDs); an initial batch of one thousand LED bulbs was installed. Over time, the incandescent lights will be retired; wholesale replacement of the existing bulbs would be too expensive. Compact fluorescent lamps, used to save energy in other applications, are not a viable solution because they are not suitable for outside lighting.

</doc>
<doc id="19346980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346980" title="Gold (Spandau Ballet song)">
Gold (Spandau Ballet song)

"Gold" is a 1983 single by the British New Wave band Spandau Ballet from their third album "True".
The song is Spandau Ballet's second best-charting single behind their previous release "True", reaching #2 on the UK Singles Chart (being held off the top by KC and the Sunshine Band's "Give It Up"), and #29 on the U.S Billboard Hot 100 chart. 
The music video was directed by Brian Duffy and filmed on location in Carmona, Spain. The video featured Sadie Frost as a gold-painted nymph in one of her earlier roles.
Gold was re-recorded in a semi-acoustic, unplugged-like style for Spandau Ballet's 2009 album "Once More".
The song has featured in various shows and films. As part of the UK radio station Absolute Radio's celebrations for the 2012 Summer Olympics the network's breakfast show host Christian O'Connell pledged to play the song for every gold medal won by Team GB. Tony Hadley was also invited onto the programme for a live performance of Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19347018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347018" title="Lisa Raitt">
Lisa Raitt

Lisa Sarah MacCormack Raitt, PC, MP (born May 7, 1968) is a Canadian politician, who is the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for the riding of Halton. She is a professional administrator (1999-2008) turned professional politician (2008-present). Raitt serves as the Minister of Transport in the Cabinet of Canada.
Background.
Raitt was born Lisa MacCormack in Sydney, Nova Scotia, as the youngest of seven children. Her father, Colin, worked for a local coal mine, loading coal onto ships, and later served as city alderman, and secretary-treasurer and a lead negotiator for the Cape Breton Railway Transportation and General Workers. Her mother, Tootsie, worked as a businesswoman. Raitt was married to Second City alumnus, playwright and stay-at-home dad David Raitt and has two sons, John Colin (b. 2002) and Billy (b. 2005) and is now divorced.
Raitt graduated from St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia with a bachelor of science degree. She went on to do a Masters degree in chemistry, specializing in environmental biochemical toxicology, from the University of Guelph. Raitt possesses an LL.B from Osgoode Hall Law School, and was called to the Ontario bar in 1998. That year, she was granted a Dr. Harold G. Fox Scholarship. As a result, she trained with barristers of the Middle Temple in London, United Kingdom, which specialized in international trade, commerce, transportation and arbitration.
Toronto Port Authority (1999-2008).
Raitt served as the TPA’s Corporate Secretary and General Counsel, and harbourmaster from April 2001. She was the first female harbourmaster of a Canadian port.
As General Counsel for the TPA, she filed a $1 billion dollar lawsuit over of land that was transferred in the 1990s to the City of Toronto's Toronto Economic Development Corporation (TEDCO) by the Toronto Harbour Commission (THC). The disputed lands, mostly the infill lands of the Don River delta, constituted around 85% of the THC's land assets as of the early 1990s. The lands had been transferred in two separate agreements, in 1991 and 1994 in exchange for a permanent subsidy for the THC. The TPA's legal claim was that the transfer had been done while the majority of directors of the THC were City-appointed, and who had acted in the City's interest and not in the Commission's fiduciary interest, and that the deals crippled the THC's ability to be self-sufficient by ending any potential revenues from those lands. Since the TPA was inheriting the role and activities of the THC, it was thus crippled itself. The TPA and the City settled out of court in exchange for a promised bridge to the Island Airport across the Western Gap and approximately $50 million. The bridge was never built; instead a pedestrian tunnel under the Western Gap is now under construction.
In 2002, Raitt was appointed as president and chief executive officer of the Toronto Port Authority (TPA), a Canadian federal corporation that manages the Toronto Harbour as well as the Toronto City Centre Airport.
See relinquished the post of harbourmaster to Angus Armstrong in 2004.
As CEO of the TPA, Raitt was responsible for building the International Marine Passenger Terminal, a Toronto home for the now-defunct Canadian American Transportation Systems, a Rochester, New York-based group. The ground was broken on 24 August 2004, and CATS operated for six months in 2005. The Rochester firm that initially owned the ferry had a 14 year lease on the use of the terminal that would have paid the City of Toronto $250,000 per year.
During her time as CEO of the TPA, the Air Canada "Jazz" service to the Toronto City Centre Airport was discontinued under a legal cloud.
In 2006 Raitt jointly filed a political libel action for $3.4 million against Community Air, a citizen group that had criticized her. The lawsuit was criticised as a SLAPP type legal tactic meant to silence critics of the airport. The suit was eventually settled out of court when in May 2007 Community Air agreed to retract its statements and apologize.
In 2006, the TPA was criticized for its use of lobbyists by Olivia Chow, NDP MP for the riding including the Airport. Chow accused the governing Harper government of backing down on a promise to slay cronyism in Ottawa because Tory-connected lobbyists were pushing the expansion of Toronto's controversial island airport. Raitt stated that the Port Authority spends around CDN $50,000 a year on lobbyists, and confirmed that their lobbyists were: Peter Naglik, Vic Gupta and Bill Hearn.
Raitt was responsible for the new "TCCA1" ferry for passengers at the Toronto City Centre Airport, which is located on Centre Island.
Raitt was quoted as "proud to have assisted in the remarkable growth of Porter Airlines" in her time at the TPA.
Mismanagement allegations.
New Democrat MP Olivia Chow called on Sheila Fraser, the federal auditor general, to conduct an audit of the port authority to investigate why Baird increased the membership of the board of directors from seven to nine - and why Raitt, while CEO of the authority, was allowed to run up almost $80,000 in travel and other expenses over two years when the organization was running a deficit.
A November 2009 report by the "Toronto Star" claimed that Raitt signed off on her own expenses inappropriately, but the TPA claimed the Star's report was inaccurate. This followed another story in the Toronto Star that a TPA employee used the office computer to send emails about a Conservative fundraiser event. The Toronto Port Authority released the results of its own partisan review conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers on September 14, 2010, The PWC review results showed that "all but one of the 15 complaints lodged by the former Directors were groundless".
Federal politics (2008).
In September 2008, Raitt was appointed to run as the Conservative candidate in Halton against Liberal incumbent Garth Turner.
Turner was formerly a Conservative member but was suspended from the Conservative caucus in 2006 for breaching confidentiality. He later joined the Liberals after briefly sitting as an independent member. A bitter campaign between Turner and Raitt ensued. Turner made public accusations of dirty tricks by the local Conservative association and Raitt, calling Raitt a "master of deceit." Raitt made controversial comments about the North and global warming. At an October 6 meeting of the Oakville, Ontario, Chamber of Commerce, Raitt was on record cheering about the possibilities of increased tourism and shipping opportunities in the North, thanks to the melting polar ice cap.
Minister of Natural Resources (October 2008).
On October 14, 2008, Raitt defeated Turner by over 7,000 votes. Raitt was named to the Cabinet of Canada on October 30, 2008, as Minister of Natural Resources, one of eleven women named to the Cabinet.
Secret documents left at news bureau.
On June 2, 2009, CTV News reported that a folder of confidential and secret ministerial briefing documents had been left by Raitt or her staff at the CTV News Ottawa office for a week. CTV News chose to reveal the contents which listed the funding for the Chalk River nuclear reactor which had recently shut down, causing a shortage of medical radioisotopes. On June 3, the opposition parties demanded that the government fire Raitt or accept her resignation. Raitt claimed to have offered her resignation and that the offer was rejected by the Prime Minister. A ministerial aide, Raitt's 26-year-old director of communications, Jasmine MacDonnell, offered her resignation which was accepted.
Some critics attempted to draw parallels to a similar occurrence in 2008 involving Maxime Bernier, who ultimately was forced to resign his cabinet post as Minister of Foreign Affairs after leaving sensitive documents pertaining to a NATO conference at the home of an ex-girlfriend. Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister said that "Minister Raitt was working at the time. She was undertaking employment activity, ministerial activity in the company of her staff who were responsible for these documents, certainly for accounting for these documents later." Addressing the parallel he added, "n the case of Minister Bernier, his actions were much more personal in nature and that was the difference in the responsibility."
Taped comments about radio isotope shortage.
On June 8, 2009, CBC news online reported that a Nova Scotia court heard an argument to block the "Halifax Chronicle-Herald" from publishing a story about an audio recording involving Raitt. The injunction was denied. On the audio tape, made on January 30, 2009, by the same aide who resigned on June 2, was a discussion between Raitt and the aide over the radioisotopes shortage. The judge ruled that the public interest over-rode the issue of confidentiality.
On the tape, Raitt made comments on the radio isotope issue, describing it as "sexy ... Radioactive leaks. Cancer." and hard to control because it is "confusing to a lot of people". Raitt also made comments on the parliamentary skills of Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq:
"Oh, God, she's such a capable woman, but it's hard for her to come out of a co-operative government into this rough-and-tumble. She had a question in the House yesterday, or two days ago, that planked. I really hope she never gets anything hot."
Raitt also made comments about Manitoba MP Joy Smith, who introduced a private member's bill on human trafficking:
"Speaking of career-limiting moves, I’m in shock that that MP, Joy Smith, brought forward private member’s legislation on human trafficking. She’s on "Canada AM". And the reason being is that there’s no way any of us should be introducing anything around justice issues or finance issues right now. You just can’t touch those two things."
Minister of Labour (January 2010).
On January 19, 2010, Raitt was moved from the Ministry of Natural Resources to the Ministry of Labour. Prime Minister Harper publicly defended Raitt, saying she has "a great future."
Incident at Lester B. Pearson Airport.
The Ottawa Citizen and National Post reported Raitt's appearance at Lester B. Pearson Airport on March 22, 2012, and subsequent reaction by Air Canada baggage handlers was the reason a wildcat strike occurred the next day. According to Bill Trbovich, a spokesman for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAMAW), Raitt was walking through the airport when three workers started “clapping and saying ‘Oh, great job’. Raitt is alleged to have asked the RCMP to ‘arrest these animals’. The strike caused widespread disruption to Air Canada schedule, causing flight cancellations and delays. Raitt's office denied the allegation.
Minister of Transport (July 2013).
Raitt was made Minister of Transport on 15 July 2013, nine days after the Lac Megantic derailment (LMD), because a CP line runs straight through her riding. She replaced Denis Lebel, MP for Roberval-Lac-Saint-Jean who was previously since May 2011 Minister of Transport, Infrastucture and Communities, amongst other positions.

</doc>
<doc id="19347033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347033" title="Breastfeeding">
Breastfeeding

Breastfeeding is the feeding of an infant or young child with breast milk directly from female human breasts (i.e., via lactation) rather than using infant formula. Babies have a sucking reflex that enables them to suck and swallow milk. Experts recommend that children be breastfed within one hour of birth, exclusively breastfed for the first six months, and then breastfed until age two with age-appropriate, nutritionally adequate and safe complementary foods. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends for the U.S. that after 6 months of exclusive breastfeeding, babies should continue to breastfeed "for a year and for as long as is mutually desired by the mother and baby". Inadequate nutrition is an underlying cause of the deaths of more than 2.6 million children and over 100,000 mothers every year. Some working mothers express milk to be used while their child is being cared for by others.
Breastfeeding is a very personal decision. Many women have their own beliefs and feelings about whether or not they want to. “The American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Dietetic Associating promote breastfeeding as the BEST source of infant nutrition”. Breastfeeding is a complete nutrition that is easy for the baby to digest, which promotes to the child eating more often due to faster digestion. It also helps in the jaw development of the baby; because breastfeeding is more difficult, it helps strengthen the child’s jaw. It also decreases allergies, decreases risk of diabetes and silica and decreases the risk of SIDS. There are also controversial benefits of decreased risk for obesity in adulthood and improved cognitive development. Benefits for the mother include: helps in uterine shrinkage, decreases risk of breast cancer, decreases depression, and decreases risk of osteoporosis. It is also a bonding experience for both mother and baby and is a lot more convenient.
Breastfeeding was the rule in ancient times up to recent human history, and babies were carried with the mother and fed as required. With 18th and 19th century industrialization in the Western world, mothers in many urban centers began dispensing with breastfeeding due to their work requirements. Breastfeeding declined significantly from 1900 to 1960, due to increasingly negative social attitudes towards the practice and the development of infant formula. 
From the 1960s onwards, breastfeeding experienced a revival which continues to the 2000s, though some negative attitudes towards the practice still remain.
Under modern health care, human breast milk is considered the healthiest form of milk for babies. Breastfeeding promotes the health of both mother and infant and helps to prevent disease. Longer breastfeeding has also been associated with better mental health through childhood and into adolescence. Experts agree that breastfeeding is beneficial and have concerns about the effects of artificial formulas. Artificial feeding is associated with more deaths from diarrhea in infants in both developing and developed countries. There are, however, a few exceptions, such as when the mother is taking certain drugs, has active untreated tuberculosis or is infected with human T-lymphotropic virus. The World Health Organization recommends that national authorities in each country decide which infant feeding practice should be promoted and supported by their maternal and child health services to best avoid HIV infection transmission from mother to child.
History.
In the Egyptian, Greek and Roman empires, women usually fed only their own children. However, breastfeeding began to be seen as something too common to be done by royalty, and wet nurses were employed to breastfeed the children of the royal families. This extended over time, particularly in western Europe, where noble women often made use of wet nurses. But lower class women breastfed their infants and used a wet nurse only if they were unable to feed their own infant. Attempts were made in 15th-century Europe to use cow or goat milk, but these attempts were not successful. In the 18th century, flour or cereal mixed with broth were introduced as substitutes for breastfeeding, but this did not have a favorable outcome either.
During the early 1900s breastfeeding started to be viewed negatively by Western societies, especially in Canada and the USA. These societies considered it a low class and uncultured practice, viewing it with a certain degree of disgust. This coincided with the appearance of improved infant formulas in the mid 19th century and its increased use, which accelerated after World War II. From the 1960s onwards, breastfeeding experienced a revival which continues to the 2000s, though negative attitudes towards the practice were still intrenched up to 1990s.
Organizational endorsements.
World Health Organization.
The WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life, after which "infants should
receive nutritionally adequate and safe complementary foods while breastfeeding continues up to two years of age or beyond."
American Academy of Pediatrics.
The AAP recommends exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life. Furthermore, "breastfeeding should be continued for at least the first year of life and beyond for as long as mutually desired by mother and child."
United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
According to the CDC, "The success rate among mothers who want to breastfeed can be greatly improved through active support from their families, friends, communities, clinicians, health care leaders, employers, and policymakers. Given the importance of breastfeeding for the health and well-being of mothers and children, it is critical that we take action across the country to support breastfeeding."
Lactation.
 
The hormonal endocrine control system drives milk production during pregnancy and the first few days after the birth. From the twenty-fourth week of pregnancy (the second and third trimesters), a woman's body produces hormones that stimulate the growth of the milk duct system in the breasts. Progesterone influences the growth in size of alveoli and lobes; high levels of progesterone, estrogen, prolactin, and other hormones inhibit lactation before birth; hormone levels drop after birth, triggering the onset of milk production. After birth, the hormone oxytocin contracts the smooth muscle layer of cells surrounding the alveoli to squeeze milk into the duct system. Oxytocin is also necessary for the milk ejection reflex, or "let-down" to occur. Let down occurs in response to the baby's suckling, though it also may be a conditioned response, e.g. to the cry of the baby. Lactation can also be induced by a combination of physical and psychological stimulation, by drugs, or by a combination of these methods.
Breast milk.
Not all the properties of breast milk are understood, but its nutrient content is relatively stable. Breast milk is made from nutrients in the mother's bloodstream and bodily stores. Breast milk has just the right amount of fat, sugar, water, and protein that is needed for a baby's growth and development. Because breastfeeding uses an average of 500 calories a day, it helps the mother lose weight after giving birth. The composition of breast milk changes depending on how long the baby nurses at each session, as well as on the age of the child.
The quality of a mother's breast milk may be compromised by smoking, alcoholic beverages, caffeinated drinks, marijuana, methamphetamine, heroin, and methadone. However, the American Academy of Pediatrics states that "Tobacco smoking by mothers is not a contraindication to breastfeeding." In addition, the AAP states that while breastfeeding mothers "should avoid the use of alcoholic beverages," an "occasional celebratory single, small alcoholic drink is acceptable, but breastfeeding should be avoided for 2 hours after the drink."
Benefits for the infant.
Scientific research, such as the studies summarized in a 2007 review for the U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) and a 2007 review for the WHO, have found numerous benefits of breastfeeding for the infant. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, research shows that breast feeding provides advantages
with regard to general health, growth, and development. Not breastfeeding significantly increases risk for a large number of acute and chronic diseases including lower respiratory infection, ear infections, bacteremia, bacterial meningitis, botulism, urinary tract infection, and necrotizing enterocolitis. They state that there are a number of studies that show a possible protective effect of breast milk feeding against sudden infant death syndrome, insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, lymphoma, allergic diseases, digestive diseases, and a possible enhancement of cognitive development.
Immunity.
During breastfeeding, approximately 0.25-0.5 grams per day of secretory IgA antibodies pass to the baby via the milk. This is one of the most important features of colostrum, the breast milk created for newborns. The main target for these antibodies are probably microorganisms in the baby's intestine. There is some uptake of IgA to the rest of the body, but this amount is relatively small. Also, breast milk contains several anti-infective factors such as bile salt stimulated lipase (protecting against amoebic infections) and lactoferrin (which binds to iron and inhibits the growth of intestinal bacteria).
Infections.
Among the studies showing that non-breastfed infants have a higher risk of infection than breastfed infants are:
Maternal vaccination while breastfeeding.
In a review article published in the journal Pediatrics, data from 2001 to 2012 were analyzed to discern any safety issue for mothers being vaccinated while breastfeeding. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) concludes that it is safe for women to receive almost all vaccines while nursing their infants. The study further found that the protected immunity of the mother obtained by vaccination against tetanus, diphtheria, whooping cough and influenza can pass on to the baby, and that breastfeeding can reduce fever rate after infant immunization. Exceptions are smallpox and yellow fever vaccines which increase the risk of infants developing vaccinia and encephalitis. In all other cases AAP recommends women continue breastfeeding after vaccination.
Sudden infant death syndrome.
Formula fed babies have worse arousal from sleep at 2–3 months. This coincides with the peak incidence of sudden infant death syndrome.
A study conducted at the University of Münster found that formula feeding doubled the risk of sudden infant death syndrome in children up to the age of 1.
Diabetes.
Infants exclusively breastfed have less chance of developing diabetes mellitus type 1 than those with a shorter duration of breastfeeding and an earlier exposure to cow milk and solid foods. Breastfeeding also appears to protect against diabetes mellitus type 2, at least in part due to its effects on the child's weight.
Mental health.
Breastfeeding for more than 6 months is an independent predictor of better mental health through childhood and adolescence according to a large 2009 study. The more months children were breastfed the less likely they were to suffer from depression, delinquent behavior, attention issues and other psychological problems. Breastfeeding also improves cognitive development according to a number of other studies.
The beneficial effects seem to stem in large part from the unique composition of human milk which, compared to formula milk, has been shown to lead to improved motor and cognitive development in pre-term babies as well.
Childhood obesity.
Breastfeeding appears to reduce the risk of extreme obesity in children. The protective effect of breastfeeding against obesity is consistent, though small, across many studies, and appears to increase with the duration of breastfeeding.
Another study has shown that infants who are bottle-fed in early infancy are more likely to empty the bottle or cup in late infancy than those who are breastfed. "Bottle-feeding, regardless of the type of milk, is distinct from feeding at the breast in its effect on infants' self-regulation of milk intake." According to the study, this may be due to one of three possible factors, including that when bottle feeding, parents may encourage an infant to finish the contents of the bottle whereas when breastfeeding, an infant naturally develops self-regulation of milk intake. A study in "Today's Pediatrics" associates solid food given too early to formula-fed babies before 4 months old to making them 6 times as likely to become obese by age 3. It does not happen if the babies were given solid foods along with breast feeding.
Allergic diseases (atopy).
In children who are at risk for developing allergic diseases (defined as at least one parent or sibling having atopy), atopic syndrome can be prevented or delayed through exclusive breastfeeding for four months, though these benefits may not be present after four months of age. However, the key factor may be the age at which non-breastmilk is introduced rather than duration of breastfeeding. Atopic dermatitis, the most common form of eczema, can be reduced through exclusive breastfeeding beyond 12 weeks in individuals with a family history of atopy, but when breastfeeding beyond 12 weeks is combined with other foods incidents of eczema rise irrespective of family history.
Necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants.
Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is an acute inflammatory disease in the intestines of infants. Necrosis or death of intestinal tissue may follow. It is mainly found in premature births. In one study of 926 preterm infants, NEC developed in 51 infants (5.5%). The death rate from necrotizing enterocolitis was 26%. NEC was found to be six to ten times more common in infants fed formula exclusively, and three times more common in infants fed a mixture of breast milk and formula, compared with exclusive breastfeeding. In infants born at more than 30 weeks, NEC was twenty times more common in infants fed exclusively on formula. A 2007 meta-analysis of four randomized controlled trials found "a marginally statistically significant association" between breastfeeding and a reduction in the risk of NEC.
Other long term health effects.
Although one study showed no evidence that breastfeeding offers protection against allergies, another study showed a positive correlation between breastfeeding and a lower risk of asthma. This study also showed that breastfeeding protects against allergies, and respiratory and intestinal infections.
A review of the association between breastfeeding and celiac disease (CD) concluded that breast feeding while introducing gluten to the diet reduced the risk of CD. The study was unable to determine if breastfeeding merely delayed symptoms or offered lifelong protection.
According to the findings of a study conducted at the University of Wisconsin, women who were breastfed as infants may have a lower risk of developing breast cancer than those who were not breastfed.
Breastfeeding may decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease in later life, as indicated by lower cholesterol and C-reactive protein levels in adult women who had been breastfed as infants. Although a 2001 study suggested that adults who had been breastfed as infants had lower arterial distensibility than adults who had not been breastfed as infants, the 2007 review for the WHO concluded that breastfed infants "experienced lower mean blood pressure" later in life. A 2007 review for the AHRQ found that "there is an association between a history of
breastfeeding during infancy and a small reduction in adult blood pressure, but the clinical or
public health implication of this finding is unclear". A 2006 study found that breastfed babies are better able to cope with stress later in life.
In a paper selected by UNICEF as the
“Breastfeeding Paper of the Month” it was suggested that breastfed babies have a better chance of good dental health than artificially fed infants because of the effects of breastfeeding on the development of the oral cavity and airway. It was thought that with fewer malocclusions, breastfed children may have a reduced need for orthodontic intervention. The report also suggested that children with the proper development of a well rounded, "U-shaped" dental arch, which is found more commonly in breastfed children, may have fewer problems with snoring and sleep apnea in later life.
Connection to intelligence.
Studies have examined whether breastfeeding in infants is associated with higher intelligence later in life. Possible association between breastfeeding and intelligence is not clear. The 2007 review for the AHRQ found "no relationship between breastfeeding in term infants and cognitive performance" and in 2006, a prospective cohort study, sibling pairs analysis, and meta-analysis, concluded that "Breast feeding has little or no effect on intelligence in children." The researchers found that "Most of the observed association between breast feeding and cognitive development is the result of confounding by maternal intelligence."
However a 2007 review for the World Health Organization "suggests that breastfeeding is associated with increased cognitive development in childhood." The review also states that "The issue remains of whether the association is related to the properties of breastmilk itself, or whether breastfeeding enhances the bonding between mother and child, and thus contributes to intellectual development." A 2005 study using data on 2,734 sibling pairs from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health "provide persuasive evidence of a causal connection between breastfeeding and intelligence." In another study, cited as "the largest randomized trial ever conducted in the area of human lactation," between 1996 and 1997 maternity hospitals and polyclinics in Belarus were randomized to receive or not receive breastfeeding promotion modeled on the Baby Friendly Hospital Initiative. Of 13,889 infants born at these hospitals and polyclinics and followed up in 2002–2005, those who had been born in hospitals and polyclinics receiving breastfeeding promotion had IQs that were 2.9–7.5 points higher (which was significantly higher). Since (among other reasons) a randomized trial should control for maternal IQ, the authors concluded in a 2008 paper that the data "provide strong evidence that prolonged and exclusive breastfeeding improves children's cognitive development." Further research in 2013 has supported this theory. One 2013 imaging study indicated that breastfed children experience 15-34% enhanced brain white matter development.
Genetic studies.
In 2007, A. Caspi et al. published a study “Moderation of breastfeeding effects on the IQ by genetic variation in fatty acid metabolism.” The authors noted that there is currently agreement in the scientific community that both genetic and environmental factors effect specific traits rather than one or another. This fact inspired them to try to find a gene that mediates the well-researched phenomenon that children who are breast-fed have higher IQ. In their study they found that babies with a specific version of the FADS2 gene demonstrated an IQ averaging 7 points higher if breastfed, compared with babies with a less common version of the gene who showed no improvement when breastfed. FADS2 affects the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty acids found in human breast milk, such as docosahexaenoic acid and arachidonic acid, which are known to be linked to early brain development. The researchers said "Our findings support the idea that the nutritional content of breast milk accounts for the differences seen in human IQ. But it's not a simple all-or-none connection: it depends to some extent on the genetic makeup of each infant" and, "further investigation to replicate and explain this specific gene–environment interaction is warranted."
However, an attempt to replicate this study in 5934 eight-year-old children failed: No relationship of the common C allele to negative effects of formula feeding was apparent, and contra to the original report, the rare GG homozygote children performed worse when formula fed than other children on formula milk. Another study of over 700 families also criticized the Caspi et al. study. The study reported no evidence for either main or moderating effects of the original SNP (rs174575), nor of two additional "FADS2" polymorphisms (rs1535 and rs174583), nor any effect of maternal "FADS2" status on offspring IQ.
Benefits for mothers.
Breastfeeding is a cost-effective way of feeding an infant, providing nourishment for a child at a small cost to the mother. Frequent and exclusive breastfeeding usually delays the return of fertility through lactational amenorrhea, though breastfeeding is an imperfect means of birth control. During breastfeeding beneficial hormones are released into the mother's body and the maternal bond can be strengthened. Breastfeeding is possible throughout pregnancy, but generally milk production will be reduced at some point. Children who are not breastfed are almost six times more likely to die by the age of one month than children who receive at least some breastmilk.
Bonding.
According to some authorities, there is a growing body of evidence that suggests that early skin-to-skin contact (also called kangaroo care) of mother and baby stimulates breast feeding behavior in the baby. Newborn infants who are immediately placed on their mother’s skin have a natural instinct to latch on to the breast and start nursing, typically within one hour of being born. It is thought that immediate skin-to-skin contact provides a form of imprinting that makes subsequent feeding significantly easier. The World Health Organization reports that in addition to more successful breastfeeding, skin-to-skin contact between a mother and her newborn baby immediately after delivery also reduces crying, improves mother to infant interaction, and keeps baby warm. According to studies quoted by UNICEF, babies have been observed to naturally follow a unique process which leads to a first breastfeed. Initially after birth the baby will cry as they take their first breaths. Shortly after, it will relax and begin to make small movements of the arms, shoulders and head. The baby will crawl towards the breast and begin to feed. After feeding, it is normal for a baby to remain attached to the breast while it rests. This is sometimes confused for the baby not being hungry, however it is a normal thing for the baby to do after finding their food source. Providing that there are no interruptions, all babies are said to follow this process and it is suggested that trying to rush the process or interruptions such as removing the baby to weigh him/her is counter-productive and may lead to problems at subsequent breastfeeds.
Hormones released during breastfeeding help to strengthen the maternal bond. Teaching partners how to manage common difficulties is associated with higher breastfeeding rates. Support for a mother while breastfeeding can assist in familial bonds and help build a paternal bond between father and child.
If the mother is away, an alternative caregiver may be able to feed the baby with breast milk expressed with a breast pump.
Hormone release.
Breastfeeding releases oxytocin and prolactin, hormones that relax the mother and make her feel more nurturing toward her baby. This hormone release can help to enable sleep even where a mother may otherwise be having difficulty sleeping. Breastfeeding soon after giving birth increases the mother's oxytocin levels, making her uterus contract more quickly and reducing bleeding. Pitocin, a synthetic hormone used to make the uterus contract during and after labour, is structurally modelled on oxytocin. Syntocinon, another synthetic oxytocic, is commonly used in Australia and the UK rather than Pitocin.
Weight loss.
As the fat accumulated during pregnancy is used to produce milk, extended breastfeeding—at least 6 months—can help mothers lose weight. However, weight loss is highly variable among lactating women; monitoring the diet and increasing the amount/intensity of exercise are more reliable ways of losing weight. The 2007 review for the AHRQ found "The effect of breastfeeding in mothers on return-to-pre-pregnancy weight was negligible, and the effect of breastfeeding on postpartum weight loss was unclear."
Gestational changes.
Dramatic changes occur in a pregnant woman’s metabolism and body composition as she accommodates the demands of providing for the nutritional needs of the growing fetus, and metabolizing for two. In anticipation of lactation, the mother accumulates some stores of visceral fat, but most of it is stored as subcutaneous fat in the thighs, arms, buttocks, and breasts. This shift in fat content leads to increased insulin production, insulin resistance, and circulating lipid levels in the mother.
Studies have indicated that gestational weight gain (GWG) may contribute to complications during labor and delivery and it is the most reliable factor in predicting postpartum weight retention (PPWR). In general, the more weight that women put on during pregnancy, the more weight that they retain afterward.
Interventions to restrain GWG in the United States and elsewhere have had mixed results in reducing PPWR. The recent recognition of PPWR’s influence on later chronic diseases has brought a surge in data analysis. In fact, the proportion of US women who gain weight excessively during pregnancy is growing. In 2005, 20.6% gained 18.2 kg (40 lb), the upper limit recommended by the Institute of Medicine. 
Recommended weight gains during pregnancy vary according to maternal baseline characteristics. The Institute of Medicine has established guidelines where women who are underweight (BMI less than 18.5) are encouraged to gain 13 to 18 kg; women who are at normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9) are encouraged to gain 11–16 kg; those who are overweight (BMI 25-29.9) are suggested to gain 7–11 kg; and those who are obese I (BMI 30-34.9) are recommended to gain 5–9 kg. These recommendations are variable and are meant to inform an obstetrician in caring for a pregnant woman. Extreme gains in visceral fat can put women at higher risk of cardiovascular and glycemic disorders later in life.
Postpartum changes.
After birth, the fat stores created during pregnancy are primed to be metabolized through lactation. Several investigators have explored the relation between duration of lactation and postpartum weight change, and found a variety of outcomes. Overall, it has been observed that prolonged exclusivity of breastfeeding is associated with increased weight loss when controlling for gestational weight gain and postpartum caloric intake and expenditure.
Dietary intake and energy expenditure affect how much weight women lose with lactation. When nutrition is readily available, women compensate for increased energy demands by increasing intake and decreasing energy expenditure, rather than mobilizing fat stores. Fat mobilization appears to increase after the first 3 months postpartum, reflecting changes in the hormonal effects of lactation on maternal appetite as frequency of infant feeds decreases. Some findings suggest that formula-feeding mothers during the first two months postpartum consume 600 to 800 fewer calories than breast-feeding mothers and lost substantially more weight. From 3 to 6 months post-partum, however, weight loss among breast-feeding women increased substantially. These results suggest that in the early postpartum period, well-nourished women in developed nations tend to increase energy intake and/or decrease physical activity to meet the energy demands of lactation, whereas beyond 3 months, lactating women are more likely to mobilize fat stores.
Longitudinal studies using skinfold thickness and MRI scanning of adipose tissue during pregnancy and lactation consistently show fat accumulation in the thigh and buttocks regions during pregnancy, with mobilization from these areas postpartum. These studies have indicated that lactation is associated with reduction in subcutaneous fat levels and overall body weight.
Long-term effects of lactation on health and body composition.
Recent data suggests that lactation is associated with a reduced risk in chronic diseases such as type-2 diabetes and heart disease. The long-term effects of lactation on body composition vary, and seem to be influenced by socioeconomic factors. Studies have consistently indicated that lactation helps prepare the mother’s body for subsequent pregnancies and reduces complications in later periods of gestation and birth. Further research is needed to examine the long-term effects of lactation on maternal body composition and risk for chronic disease.
Natural postpartum infertility.
Breastfeeding may delay the return to fertility for some women by suppressing ovulation. A breastfeeding woman may not ovulate, or have regular periods, during the entire lactation period. The period in which ovulation is absent differs for each woman. This lactational amenorrhea has been used as an imperfect form of natural contraception, with greater than 98% effectiveness during the first six months after birth if specific nursing behaviors are followed. It is possible for women to ovulate within two months after birth while fully breastfeeding and get pregnant again.
Long-term health effects.
For breastfeeding women, long-term health benefits include:
Financial benefits.
The American Academy of Pediatrics states that breast feeding also has economic health benefits because breastfeeding
results in reduced health care costs. The significantly lower incidence of illness in the breastfed infant also allows the parents more time for attention to siblings and other family duties and reduces parental absence from work and lost income. Using figures for the year 1993, it was estimated that the cost of purchasing infant formula for the first year after birth was $855. During the first 6 weeks of lactation, maternal caloric intake is no greater for the breastfeeding mother than for the nonlactating mother. After that period, food and fluid intakes are greater, but the cost of the increased caloric intake is about half the cost of purchasing formula, resulting in a saving of about $400.
Methods and considerations.
There are many books and videos to advise mothers about breastfeeding. Lactation consultants in hospitals or private practice, and volunteer organizations of breastfeeding mothers such as La Leche League International also provide advice and support.
Early breastfeeding.
In the half hour after birth, the baby's suckling reflex is strongest, and the baby is more alert, so it is the ideal time to start breastfeeding. Breastfeeding also releases hormones that contract the uterus to reduce post-partum bleeding. Early breastfeeding is associated with fewer nighttime feeding problems. A Cochrane review found that early skin-to-skin contact between mother and baby (placing the baby at the mother's breast before dressing the baby) reduces crying, improves mother-baby interaction, keeps the baby warmer, and helps women breastfeed successfully and for a longer period of time.
Time and place for breastfeeding.
Feeding a baby "on demand" (sometimes referred to as "on cue"), means feeding when the baby shows signs of hunger. Newborn babies usually express demand for feeding every 1 to 3 hours per 24 hours (resulting in 8-12 times in 24 hours) for the first two to four weeks.
"Experienced breastfeeding mothers learn that the sucking patterns and needs of babies vary. While some infants' sucking needs are met primarily during feedings, other babies may need additional sucking at the breast soon after a feeding even though they are not really hungry. Babies may also nurse when they are lonely, frightened or in pain."
"Comforting and meeting sucking needs at the breast is nature's original design. Pacifiers (dummies, soothers) are a substitute for the mother when she cannot be available. Other reasons to pacify a baby primarily at the breast include superior oral-facial development, prolonged lactational amenorrhea, avoidance of nipple confusion, and stimulation of an adequate milk supply to ensure higher rates of breastfeeding success."
Most US states now have laws that allow a mother to breastfeed her baby anywhere she is allowed to be. In hospitals, rooming-in care permits the baby to stay with the mother and improves the ease of breastfeeding. Some commercial establishments provide breastfeeding rooms, although laws generally specify that mothers may breastfeed anywhere, without requiring them to go to a special area.
In 2014, newly elected Pope Francis, well known for his liberal outlook, drew world-wide commentary when he encouraged mothers to breastfeed in church if their babies were hungry. During a special papal baptism Pope Francis said that mothers "should not stand on ceremony" if their children were hungry. "If they are hungry, mothers, feed them, without thinking twice," he said, smiling. "Because they are the most important people here."
Latching on, feeding, and positioning.
Correct positioning and technique for latching on are necessary to prevent nipple soreness and allow the baby to obtain enough milk. The "rooting reflex" is the baby's natural tendency to turn towards the breast with the mouth open wide; mothers sometimes make use of this by gently stroking the baby's cheek or lips with their nipple to induce the baby to move into position for a breastfeeding session, then quickly moving the baby onto the breast while its mouth is wide open. To prevent nipple soreness and allow the baby to get enough milk, a large part of the breast and areola need to enter the baby's mouth. Failure to latch on is one of the main reasons for ineffective feeding and can lead to infant health concerns.
A 2006 study found that inadequate parental education, incorrect breastfeeding techniques, or both were associated with higher rates of preventable hospital re-admissions of newborns.
Duration of each session.
During the newborn period, most breastfeeding sessions will take from 20 to 45 minutes. After the finishing of a breast, the mother may offer the other breast.
Exclusive breastfeeding.
Exclusive breastfeeding is defined as "an infant's consumption of human milk with no supplementation of any type (no water, no juice, no nonhuman milk, and no foods) except for vitamins, minerals, and medications." National and international guidelines recommend that all infants be breastfed exclusively for the first six months of life. Breastfeeding may continue with the addition of appropriate foods, for two years or more. Exclusive breastfeeding has dramatically reduced infant deaths in developing countries by reducing diarrhea and infectious diseases. It has also been shown to reduce HIV transmission from mother to child, compared to mixed feeding.
While it can be hard to measure how much food a breastfed baby consumes, babies normally feed to meet their own requirements. Babies that fail to eat enough may exhibit symptoms of failure to thrive.
The La Leche League says that their most often asked question is, "How can I tell if my baby is getting enough milk?" They advise that for the first few days while the baby is receiving mostly colostrum only one or two wet diapers per day is normal. Once the mother's milk comes in, usually on the third or fourth day, the baby should begin to have 6-8 wet cloth diapers (5-6 wet disposable diapers) per day. In addition, most young babies will have at least two to five bowel movements every 24 hours for the first several months.
The La Leache League gives the following additional signs that indicate a baby is receiving enough milk:
Expressing breast milk.
When direct breastfeeding is not possible, a mother can "express" (artificially remove and store) her milk. With manual massage or by using a breast pump, a woman can express her milk and store it. It can be stored in freezer storage bags and containers made specifically for breastmilk, a supplemental nursing system, or a bottle ready for use. Breast milk may be kept at room temperature for up to six hours, refrigerated for up to eight days or frozen for up to six to twelve months. Research suggests that the antioxidant activity in expressed breast milk decreases over time but it still remains at higher levels than in infant formula.
Expressing breast milk can maintain a mother's milk supply when she and her child are apart. If a sick baby is unable to feed, expressed milk can be fed through a nasogastric tube.
Expressed milk can also be used when a mother is having trouble breastfeeding.
"Exclusively expressing", "exclusively pumping", and "EPing" are terms for a mother who feeds her baby exclusively her breastmilk while not physically breastfeeding. This may arise because her baby is unable or unwilling to latch on to the breast. With good pumping habits, particularly in the first 12 weeks when the milk supply is being established, it is possible to produce enough milk to feed the baby for as long as the mother wishes.
It is generally advised to delay using a bottle to feed expressed breast milk until the baby is 4–6 weeks old and is good at sucking directly from the breast. As sucking from a bottle takes less effort, babies can lose their desire to suck from the breast. This is called "nursing strike" or "nipple confusion". To avoid this when feeding expressed breast milk (EBM) before 4–6 weeks of age, it is recommended that breast milk be given by other means such as feeding spoons or feeding cups. Also, EBM should be given by someone other than the breastfeeding mother (or wet nurse), so that the baby can learn to associate direct feeding with the mother (or wet nurse) and associate bottle feeding with other people.
With the improvements in breast pumps, many women are able to return to work while exclusively feeding their infants breast milk because of their ability to express milk at work. Women can also leave their infants in the care of others for vacation or other extended trips, while maintaining a supply of breast milk. This can be very convenient to the mother.
Some women donate their expressed breast milk (EBM) to others, either directly or through a milk bank. Though historically the use of wet nurses was common, some women dislike the idea of feeding their own child with another woman's milk; others appreciate being able to give their baby the benefits of breast milk. Feeding expressed breast milk—either from donors or the baby's own mother—is the feeding method of choice for premature babies. The transmission of some viral diseases through breastfeeding can be prevented by expressing breast milk and subjecting it to Holder pasteurisation.
Mixed feeding.
Predominant or mixed breastfeeding means feeding breast milk along with infant formula, baby food and even water, depending on the age of the child. Babies feed differently with artificial nipples than from a breast. With the breast, the infant's tongue massages the milk out rather than sucking, and the nipple does not go as far into the mouth; with an artificial nipple, an infant must suck harder and the milk may come in more rapidly. Therefore, mixing breastfeeding and bottle-feeding (or using a pacifier) before the baby is used to feeding from its mother can result in the infant preferring the bottle to the breast. Some mothers supplement feed with a small syringe or flexible cup to reduce the risk of artificial nipple preference.
Tandem nursing.
Feeding two children at the same time who are not twins or multiples is called "tandem nursing". As the appetite and feeding habits of each baby may not be the same, this could mean feeding each according to their own individual needs and can also include breastfeeding them together, one on each breast.
In cases of triplets or more, it is a challenge for a mother to organize feeding around the appetites of all the babies. Breasts can respond to the demand and produce large quantities of milk; mothers have been able to breastfeed triplets successfully.
Tandem nursing occurs when a woman has a baby while breastfeeding an older child. During the late stages of pregnancy, the milk will change to colostrum, and some older nurslings will continue to feed even with this change, while others may wean due to the change in taste or drop in supply. Breastfeeding a child while being pregnant with another can also be considered a form of tandem feeding for the nursing mother, as she also provides the nutrition for two.
Shared breastfeeding.
It used to be common worldwide, and still is in some developing nations such as those found in Africa, for more than one woman to breastfeed a child. Shared breastfeeding has now been found to be a risk factor for HIV infection in infants. A woman who is engaged to breastfeed another's baby is known as a wet nurse. Shared breastfeeding can sometimes incur negative reactions in the Anglosphere; American feminist activist Jennifer Baumgardner has written about her experiences in New York with this issue.
Duration of breastfeeding.
The World Health Organization recommends exclusive breastfeeding for the baby's first 6 months of life, and continued breastfeeding complemented with appropriate foods up to two years old and beyond. According to a study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the results of which were published in the journal "Pediatrics", as of 2013 in the United States reliance on out-dated recommendations and considerations of convenience and cost sometimes resulted in inappropriate earlier attempts to switch to solid food.
In many Western countries, however, breastfeeding beyond the age of 1 year old is considered "extended breastfeeding".
These movements in the West towards earlier weaning, however, are recent. Breastfeeding beyond the age of 1 year old was at one time a very common practice worldwide. Dr. Martin Stein wrote in Parental Concerns about Extended Breastfeeding in a Toddler that "The discussion about extended nursing is similar to that of co-sleeping. They are both characteristics of child rearing that are closely linked to time and place. In most cultures before the 20th century, both practices were the norm. Changes in social, economic, and sexual expectations altered our views of the meaning of breastfeeding and bed sharing." Extended breastfeeding was encouraged in Ancient Greek, Hebrew, and Muslim cultures. The Koran, the Talmud, and the writings of Aristotle all recommend breastfeeding for 2 to 3 years. In Breastfeeding Beyond 6 Months: Mothers' Perceptions of the Negative and Positive Consequences, Dr. S. B. Reamer states that "Over the past 100 years of American history, the acceptance of unrestricted nursing decreased and the age acceptable for weaning dropped dramatically, until the average weaning age was 3 months in the 1970s."
In reaction to the move in the West towards earlier weaning, several organizations have been founded in Western countries to support mothers who practice extended breastfeeding. These organizations include the International Childbirth Education Association and La Leche League International.
The US CDC recommends exclusive breastfeeding till six months of age. Their latest figures (2008) show that 76.9% of US women had ever breastfed but only 47.2% were still breastfeeding at six months and 25.5% at twelve months. Figures for exclusive breastfeeding at three months were 36% and at six months only 16.3%.
Diet during breastfeeding.
Women who are breastfeeding need to be careful about what they eat and drink, since things can be passed to the baby through the breast milk. Just like during pregnancy, breastfeeding women should avoid fish that are high in mercury, and limit lower mercury fish intake. If a woman ingests alcohol, a small amount can be passed to the baby through breast milk. Alcohol-containing breastmilk has been shown to have a detrimental effect on motor development. Caffeine intake should be kept to no more than 300 milligrams (about one to three cups of regular coffee) per day for breastfeeding women, as excess caffeine in breastmilk can cause irritability and restlessness in infants. When consumed in normal, everyday amounts, caffeine is considered to be compatible with breastfeeding by the American Academy of Pediatrics. Nursing mothers concerned about the chemical bisphenol A, which has been shown to affect a childs health, should be aware that it can be passed to their baby though breast milk; they may want to limit their dietary intake of certain foods and adjust their shopping habits to avoid as much exposure as possible.
Healthy infant growth.
The average breastfed baby doubles its birth weight in 5–6 months. By one year, a typical breastfed baby will weigh about 2½ times its birth weight. At one year, breastfed babies tend to be leaner than formula fed babies, which is healthier, especially in the long-run. A general guide to the growth of breastfed babies is the following:
Weaning.
Weaning is the process of introducing the infant to other food and reducing the supply of breast milk. The infant is fully weaned when it no longer receives any breast milk. Most mammals stop producing the enzyme lactase at the end of weaning, and become lactose intolerant. Figures vary, but worldwide, humans lose about 75 to 95 percent of birth lactase levels by early childhood, and there is a continuous decline in lactase during the course of a lifetime. However, the prevalence varies widely among ethnic backgrounds. Estimates range from 2 to 5 percent in persons from Northern Europe to nearly 100 percent in adult Asians and American Indians. Blacks and Ashkenazi Jews have prevalences of 60 to 80 percent, and Latinos have a prevalence of 50 to 80 percent.
In humans, the psychological factors involved in the weaning process are crucial for both mother and infant as issues of closeness and separation are very prominent during this stage.
In the past bromocriptine was in some countries frequently used to reduce the engorgement experienced by many women during weaning. This is now done only in exceptional cases as it causes frequent side effects, offers very little advantage over non-medical management and the possibility of serious side effects can not be ruled out. Other medications such as cabergoline, lisuride or birth control pills may occasionally be used as lactation suppressants.
Extended breastfeeding.
North America.
Elizabeth Baldwin says in "Extended Breastfeeding and the Law", "Because our culture tends to view the breast as sexual, it can be hard for people to realize that breastfeeding is the natural way to nurture children." In Western countries such as The United States of America, Canada, and Great Britain, extended breastfeeding is a taboo act. It is difficult to obtain accurate information and statistics about extended breastfeeding in these countries because of the mother's embarrassment. Mothers who nurse longer than the social norm sometimes hide their practices from all but very close family members and friends. This is called "closet nursing". In a study published by the Journal of Tropical Pediatrics, 24% of American and Canadian mothers nursing past 6 months felt social hostility towards them. This number grew to 42% when mothers were nursing after 1 year of age. Also, 10% of mothers claimed embarrassment when more mobile, verbal toddlers made known in public the fact that they were nursed.
In the United States, breastfeeding beyond 1 year of age is considered '"extended breastfeeding", and in contrast to WHO recommendations, the American Academy of Pediatrics stated in 1997 that, "Breastfeeding should be continued for at least the first year of life and beyond for as long as mutually desired by mother and child".
In the United States overall, according to a 2010 CDC "report card", 43% of babies are breastfed until 6 months and 22.4% are breastfed until 12 months, though breastfeeding rates varied among the states.
Breastfeeding rates in the U.S. at 6 months rose from 34.2% in 2000 to 43.5% in 2006 and the rates at 12 months rose from 15.7% in 2000 to 22.7% in 2006. The U.S. Healthy People 2010 goals were to have at least 60% of babies exclusively breastfed at 3 months and 25% of babies exclusively breastfed at 6 months so this goal has yet to be met.
In the United States a study published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that 75 percent of mothers began breastfeeding. However, by 6 months, the rate fell to 43% and was just 22% after a year. Breastfeeding rates vary across the country, from nearly 90 percent initiating breastfeeding in Utah to 52.5 percent in Mississippi. The health care law now requires large employers to provide breastfeeding mothers with breaks and a private space to feed their babies.
There have been several cases in the United States where children have been taken away from their mother's care because American courts or government agencies found the mother's extended breastfeeding to be inappropriate.
In 1992, a New York State mother lost custody of her child for a year. She was still breastfeeding the child at age 3 and had reported experiences of sexual arousal while breastfeeding the child. The authorities took the child from the home in the fear that the mother might sexually abuse the child. Later, the social service agency that took over the case said that there was more to the case than could be released to the press due to confidentiality laws. 
In 2000, an Illinois child was removed from the mother's care after a judge ruled that the child might suffer emotional damage because of not being weaned. The child was later returned to the mother and the judge vacated the finding of neglect. 
A social service agency in Colorado removed a 5-year-old child from the mother because she was still breastfeeding, but the court ordered the child returned to its family immediately.
Guinea-Bissau.
In Guinea-Bissau, West Africa, the average length of breastfeeding is 22.6 months.
India.
In India, mothers commonly breastfed their children until 2 to 3 years of age. Cows milk is given in combination with breast milk though use of formula has been on the rise.
As of November 2012, the Ministry of Women and Child Development, with UNICEF as a technical partner, have kicked off a nationwide campaign to promote exclusive breastfeeding to infants up to the age of six months - one among a series of advisories it is issuing - as part of an awareness program targeted at eradicating malnutrition in the country. Indian actor Aamir Khan serves as the brand ambassador, and has acted in numerous televised public service announcements.
The Philippines.
In the Philippines, the Implementing Rules and Regulations of the Milk Code require that breastfeeding be encouraged for babies up to the age of 2 years old or beyond. Under the same code, it is prohibited to advertise infant formula or breastmilk substitutes intended for infants and young children 24 months old and below. In practice, however, a 2008 WHO survey found that on average, mothers in the Philippines breastfed their babies until 14 months of age, with breastfeeding extending up to 17 months on average in rural areas. Almost fifty-eight percent of mothers surveyed around the nation were still breastfeeding their babies when the babies were a year old, and 34.2% of mothers were still breastfeeding when their babies were 2 years old.
In 2012, it was reported that legislation had been introduced which would narrow down the application of the Milk Code (reducing the period recommending against artificial baby foods for babies from 0 to 36 months to 0 to six months only), would lift the restriction on donations of artificial milk products in emergency situations (encouraging mothers who suffer from disabilities to shift to milk substitutes instead of encouraging them to continue breastfeeding assisted by support persons), would change the legally mandated lactation break period for breastfeeding mothers from paid to unpaid status, and would remove the prohibition against milk companies giving away free samples of artificial milk products in the health care system.
Health effects.
Priscilla Colletto stated in "Beyond Toddlerhood: The Breastfeeding Relationship Continues", "The adverse health effects of weaning a child before or during toddlerhood are well documented for Third World countries such as Guinea-Bissau, where children who were no longer breastfed at ages 12–35 months had a 3.5 times higher mortality rate than did their peers who continued to breastfeed." Dr. Laurence Grummer-Strawn, widely known in the breastfeeding research and advocacy communities, observed that breastfeeding is protective against diarrheal diseases and other infections and that breastfed children aged 12 to 36 months in Indonesia have much greater mid-arm circumference than children who have been weaned at an early age. He also noted that the incidence of malnourishment in breastfed Indonesian children is 3–5% less common than generally encountered in early-weened children. In one study, artificially fed infants had 2 to 3 times as many episodes of significant illnesses (defined as "otitis media, lower respiratory disease, significant vomiting or diarrhea, and any illness requiring hospital admission"). In traditional human societies, the lack of nutrients missing in breast milk such as iron, zinc, and vitamin b12 was supplemented through premastication and feeding of meat to the child.
Psychological effects.
In "A Time to Wean", Katherine Dettwyler states that "Western, industrialized societies can compensate for some (but not all) of the immunological benefits of breastfeeding with antibiotics, vaccines and improved sanitation. But the physical, cognitive, and emotional needs of the young child persist." Many children who are breast-fed into their toddler years use the milk as a comforting, bonding moment with their mothers. In a 1974 survey of 152 mothers, 17% said that the security their toddlers obtained through extended breastfeeding helped them become more independent, 14% said that extended breastfeeding created a strong mother-child bond, and 14.6% said that extended breastfeeding strengthened their abilities as a mother. Four mothers said that they felt their child was too dependent and one mother considered her child a poor eater. Dr. Stein said "A mother in my practice who breastfed 2 children until 2 years of age explained that she would slow down and give her undivided attention to her child several times each day when breastfeeding. Her children knew that she always had time for those moments each day. This time was also important to the mother for relaxing and unwinding... For many nursing toddlers, the breast comes to serve the same function as a favorite blanket or stuffed animal in providing comfort and a sense of security." One issue with extended breastfeeding is the ability of the mother and the child to separate. Some say that the desire for extended breastfeeding comes from the mother's inability to let go of "her baby". Baldwin refutes this statement, saying that the child is the one who chooses when they are weaned, as it is very difficult to force a child to breastfeed.
Breastfeeding difficulties.
International board certified lactation consultants.
International board certified lactation consultants (IBCLCs) are an excellent source of assistance for breastfeeding mothers. IBCLCs are health care professionals certified in lactation management. They work with mothers to solve breastfeeding problems and educate families and health care professionals about the benefits of breastfeeding. Research shows that rates of exclusive breastfeeding and of any breastfeeding are higher among women who have had babies in hospitals with IBCLCs on staff.
Physiological constraints to breastfeeding.
While breastfeeding is a natural human activity, difficulties and complications are not uncommon. Putting the baby to the breast as soon as possible after the birth helps to avoid many problems, including mastitis. The AAP breastfeeding policy says: "Delay weighing, measuring, bathing, needle-sticks, and eye prophylaxis until after the first feeding is completed." Many breastfeeding difficulties can be resolved with proper hospital procedures, properly trained midwives, doctors and hospital staff, and lactation consultants. There are some situations in which breastfeeding may be harmful to the infant, including infection with HIV and acute poisoning by environmental contaminants such as lead. The Institute of Medicine has reported that breast surgery, including breast implants or breast reduction surgery, reduces the chances that a woman will have sufficient milk to breast feed. Research shows that women whose pregnancies are unintended are less likely to breast feed their babies.
Barriers to breastfeeding.
The majority of mothers intend to breastfeed when their baby is born. There are many things that happen that disrupt or intervene in this plan. Here are just a few of the barriers that women face when attempting to breastfeed.
Sociological factors.
Researchers have found several social factors that correlate with differences in initiation, frequency, and duration of breastfeeding practices of mothers. Race, ethnic differences and socioeconomic status and other factors have been shown to affect a mother's choice whether or not to breastfeed, and how long she breastfeeds her child. A recent study found that on average women that breastfed their infants had
higher levels of education, were older, and were more likely to be white.
The reasons for the persistently lower rates of breastfeeding among African American women are not well understood, but employment may play a role. African American women tend to return to work earlier after childbirth than white women, and they are more likely to work in environments that do not support breastfeeding. Although research has shown that returning to work is associated with early discontinuation of breastfeeding, a supportive work environment may make a difference in whether mothers are able to continue breastfeeding.
Deborah L. Dee's research found that women and children who qualify for WIC, Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children were among those who were least likely to initiate breastfeeding. Income level can also contribute to women discontinuing breastfeeding early. More highly educated women are more likely to have access to information regarding difficulties with breastfeeding, allowing them to continue breastfeeding through difficulty rather than weaning early. Women in higher status jobs are more likely to have access to a lactation room and suffer less social stigma from having to breastfeed or express breastmilk at work. In addition, women who are unable to take an extended leave from work following the birth of their child are less likely to continue breastfeeding when they return to work. Low income women are more likely to have unintended pregnancies, and women whose pregnancies are unintended are less likely to breast feed their babies.
Breastfeeding in public.
Breastfeeding in public is forbidden in some jurisdictions, not addressed by law in others, and a granted legal right in public and the workplace in yet others. Where it is a legal right, some mothers may nevertheless be reluctant to breastfeed, and some people may object to the practice.
There have been incidents of owners of premises, or people present, objecting to or forbidding breastfeeding. In some cases the mothers have left; in others, where a law guaranteeing the right to breastfeed has been broken, there has been legal action. Sometimes a company has apologised after the fact.
In 2006, the editors of US "Babytalk" magazine received many complaints from readers after the cover of the August issue depicted a baby nursing at a bare breast. Even though the model's nipple was not shown, readers—many of them mothers—wrote that the image was "gross". In a follow-up poll, one-quarter of 4,000 readers who responded thought the cover was negative. "Babytalk" editor Susan Kane commented, "There's a huge puritanical streak in Americans." In a 2004 survey conducted by the American Dietetic Association, 43% of the 3,719 respondents believed women ought to have the right to breast-feed in public.
Stigma.
Sexual objectivization.
Negative perception of breastfeeding in social settings has led some women to feel discomfort when breastfeeding in public. Even though many women are educated about the health benefits of breastfeeding, less than 25% choose to breastfeed their children. Western society tends to think of breasts in sexual terms instead of for their main biological purpose, to bring nourishment to infants. The sexualized image of breasts has led many to have an adverse reaction to breastfeeding because people do not like to associate feeding an infant with sexual pleasure. The consequences of Western culture’s sexualization of breasts has led women feeling embarrassed to breast feed in public, and instead, in private settings. Limitations on places in which women can breastfeed, as well as negative cultural connotations with breastfeeding may play a role in the amount of time a woman will breastfeed. The end result is often that the woman may give up breastfeeding and switch to a bottle.
Maternal guilt and shame.
Research has shown that maternal guilt and shame is often associated with how a mother feeds their infant. This guilt and shame is a result of the inability to achieve the idealized notion of what it means to be a good mother. Mothers of both bottle and breast fed babies often feel shame and/or guilt for different reasons. Mothers who bottle feed their infants may feel that they are failures at breastfeeding. On the other hand, mothers who breastfeed may feel exposed when breastfeeding in public places because of sexual connotations associated with breasts. They may also fear ridicule from emotional responses to an exposed breast. Some may see breastfeeding as, “indecent, disgusting, animalistic, sexual, and even possibly a perverse act.” 
In response to scrutiny concerning public breastfeeding, advocates use nurse-ins to show others that there should be no shame in breastfeeding in public. However some advocates don’t fight the shame a woman can feel when she cannot breastfeed and must bottle-feed her baby. Shame should not be used as a tool to advocate breastfeeding, rather women should be able to individually define what a good mother is. Rather than focusing on the choice a woman has made on whether or not to breastfeed, it is suggested that there be a redirection with the emphasis of providing women with education on the benefits of breastfeeding as well as problem solving skills for women who may find it difficult.
Mobility to breast milk.
The cultural context of Western society, does not always seem to advocate for breastfeeding in public. According to one study published in the Journal of American Dietetic Association, over half of the people who voted believed that women should not be allowed to breastfeed in public. This study confirms previous studies that indicate that Americans do not want to see breasts in public places. Thus the stigma associated with breastfeeding in public can guide parents to seek an alternative to breastfeeding, even though it may not be as healthy for the child. There used to be only two options for feeding infants: breastfeeding or formula. With the introduction of formula as a scientifically proven way of nourishing infants, many people chose to feed their child formula over breast milk. Formula was popular for the convenience it offered by opening care opportunities to others. When examining the invention of formula from a bio cultural perspective, one might also see the invention of formula as a way in which western culture adapted to negative cultural perceptions of breastfeeding in public. In response to negativism against breastfeeding, the La Leche League began a breastfeeding advocacy movement that aimed to educate the public about the short and long term benefits of breastfeeding for both mother and child. With the introduction of the breast pump came a “third option,” that offered the benefits of mobility associated with formula feeding and the health benefits of breastfeeding. This allowed care relationships to extend across further distances without compromising the health benefits of breast milk.
Role of marketing.
Controversy has arisen over the marketing of breast milk vs. formula; particularly how it affects the education of mothers in third world countries and their comprehension (or lack thereof) of the health benefits of breastfeeding. The most famous example, the Nestlé boycott, arose in the 1970s and continues to be supported by high-profile stars and international groups to this day.
In 1981, the World Health Assembly (WHA) adopted Resolution WHA34.22 which includes the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes. Subsequently, the Innocenti Declaration was made by WHO and UNICEF policy-makers in August 1990 to protect, promote, and support breastfeeding. According to the WHO report published ahead of World Breastfeeding Week, 2013, only 37 countries (19 per cent) of 199 countries, subscribing to the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes, have passed laws incorporating all of the Code’s recommendations.
HIV.
The central concern about breastfeeding with HIV is whether or not it places the child at risk of becoming infected. Varying factors, such as the viral load in the mother’s milk, contribute to the difficulty in creating breastfeeding recommendations for HIV-positive mothers It is also possible for the infant to be infected with HIV throughout the duration of the pregnancy or during the birthing process (intrapartum). Breastfeeding with HIV guidelines established by the WHO suggest that HIV-infected mothers (particularly those in resource-poor countries) practice exclusive breastfeeding only, rather than mixed breastfeeding practices that involve other dietary supplements or fluids. Many studies have revealed the high benefit of exclusive breastfeeding to both mother and child, documenting that exclusive breastfeeding for a period of 6 months significantly reduces transmission, provides the infant with a greater chance of survival in the first year of life, and helps the mother to recover from the negative health effects of birth much more quickly. However, a recent study conducted by researchers from the University of North Carolina School of Medicine suggests that women infected with HIV can, in fact, breastfeed without transmitting the virus to their children, because components in breast milk are understood as able to kill the virus. High levels of certain polyunsaturated fatty acids in breast milk (including eicosadienoic, arachidonic and gamma-linolenic acids) are associated with a reduced risk of child infection when nursed by HIV-positive mothers. Arachidonic acid and gamma-linolenic acid may also reduce viral shedding of HIV in breast milk. Despite these positive indicators, other studies have determined that bottle-fed babies of HIV-infected mothers approximately has a 19 percent chance of becoming infected, in comparison to breastfed babies who had an approximate 49 percent chance of infection. Such a variance in findings makes it difficult to institute a proper set of guidelines for HIV-infected women in third-world or developing countries, where alternative forms of feeding are not always acceptable, feasible, affordable, sustainable, and safe (AFASS). Thus after much research, the benefits and/or consequences of breastfeeding with HIV are still currently under debate.
Challenges to PMTCT policy.
The practice of breastfeeding for HIV positive mothers is a highly contested and controversial global public health concern. Programs for prevention of mother to child transmission (PMTCT) and other international guidelines offer preventative interventions to address mother to child transmission(MTCT) of HIV in Third World countries. PMTCT programs provide HIV-positive women with recommendations and services including antiretroviral therapy (ART), modifications in infant feeding practices (i.e., exclusive breastfeeding or exclusive replacement feeding), and counseling.
Although prevention of mother to child transmission (PMTCT) programs have been implemented across different regions, their success in resource-constrained settings is still widely debated upon. In 2008, the majority of sub-Saharan Africa as a whole had an estimate of 430,000 HIV infections among children under the age of 15. HIV-positive women’s lack of participation and adherence to PMTCT services and infant feeding guidelines has made the success of these policies difficult, despite the knowledge and technology that has been dedicated to them. Many women fear knowing their HIV status. Generally speaking, HIV-positive mothers lack support, especially from males, thus resulting in their stigmatization and exclusion by members of the community. It is because of this that most women end up losing contact with development programs, which end soon after the mother delivers. The discontinuation of these programs makes a knowledge and understanding of different feeding options difficult for these mothers, because these programs are not there to present them with the necessary information.
Cross-Cultural Experiences of Breastfeeding with HIV.
Access to available resources for the prevention of MTCT of HIV varies across different cultural regions. “MTCT of HIV has been virtually eliminated in well-resourced settings such as the United States and Europe”. Available medical and therapeutic resources in developed countries can include drugs for HIV-positive mothers during pregnancy and labour, cesarean delivery to reduce the infant’s exposure to infection; and modifications in infant feeding practices. In third world settings, medical resources and technology can be very hard to find and can serve as a financial burden to HIV-positive mothers. HIV-infected mothers refer to counselors for expert knowledge and recommendations on infant feeding and health. Treatment amenities in resource-constrained settings are also available to HIV-positive mothers in the form of antiretroviral therapy (ART) which is one resource that has contributed to the elimination of MTCT of HIV in first world countries. In order to have access to resources, HIV-positive mothers must be able maintain follow up appointments regularly, however, this is problematic in resource-limited settings due to weak infrastructure in health care systems in countries such as India, Tanzania and Nigeria. This can also serve as a dilemma for HIV-positive mothers because although limited resources are available to them, financial constraint can prevent women from accessing available treatments. This can influence HIV-positive mother’s decision to rely solely on breastfeeding as a primary feeding option due to financial instability.
Anthropological research demonstrates that in contexts where breastfeeding is essential to infant survival, such as in resource poor settings, PMTCT infant feeding guidelines challenge notions of motherhood and women’s decision making power over infant care, and colour HIV positive mothers’ infant feeding experiences. In eastern Africa, infant mortality is high and breastfeeding is vital for infant survival. Here, motherhood is defined as the responsibility for ensuring the child’s proper growth and health. Breastfeeding is also seen as a cultural practice that helps create a social bond between mother and child. However, there is a disjuncture between PMTCT policy’s infant feeding guideline and what is considered to be good mothering behaviour. The PMTCT policy promotes replacement feeding because it is believed to prevent the risk of transmission of HIV. However, adhering to such guidelines are difficult for mothers in resource-limited settings who believe that not breastfeeding one’s child would be harmful to their health and survival, as well as threaten the “development of close bodily and emotional bonds between mother and child”. As such, not breastfeeding, for HIV-positive women, is perceived as failing to be a good mother. Thus, PMTCT programs impact HIV-positive women’s agency and decision-making in infant care, as well as challenge their cultural conceptions of good motherhood.
World Health Organization breastfeeding guideline for HIV-infected mothers.
In an effort to further refine the United Nations guideline for optimal infant feeding options for HIV-infected mothers, the World Health Organization (WHO) held a three-day convention in Geneva in 2006 to review new evidence that had been established since they last established a guideline in 2000. Participants included UN agencies, representative from nongovernmental organizations, researchers, infant feeding experts, and WHO headquarters departments. The convention concluded with the following recommendations: If replacement feeding is acceptable, feasible, affordable and safe, HIV-infected mothers are recommended to use replacement feeding. Otherwise, exclusive breastfeeding is recommended. At six months, if replacement feeding is still not available, HIV-infected mothers are encouraged to slowly introduce food while continuing breastfeeding. Those with HIV-infected infants are recommended to continue breastfeeding even after 6 months.
In a 2010 update the WHO stated that significant programmatic experience and research evidence regarding HIV and infant feeding had accumulated since WHO's recommendations on infant feeding in the context of HIV were last revised in 2006. In particular, evidence has been reported that antiretroviral (ARV) interventions to either the HIV-infected mother or HIV-exposed infant can significantly reduce the risk of postnatal transmission of HIV through breastfeeding. This evidence has major implications for how women living with HIV might feed their infants, and how health workers should counsel these mothers. Together, breastfeeding and ARV intervention have the potential to significantly improve infants' chances of surviving while remaining HIV uninfected.
While the 2010 recommendations are generally consistent with the previous guidance, they recognize the important impact of ARVs during the breastfeeding period, and recommend that national authorities in each country decide which infant feeding practice, i.e. breastfeeding with an ARV intervention to reduce transmission or avoidance of all breastfeeding, should be promoted and supported by their Maternal and Child Health services. This differs from the previous recommendations in which health workers were expected to individually counsel all HIV-infected mothers about the various infant feeding options, and it was then for mothers to decide between them.
Where national authorities promote breastfeeding and ARVs, mothers known to be HIV-infected are now recommended to breastfeed their infants until at least 12 months of age. The recommendation that replacement feeding should not be used unless it is acceptable, feasible, affordable, sustainable and safe remains.
Taking medication while breastfeeding.
In a review article published in the journal Pediatrics, data from 2001 to 2012 were analyzed to discern any safety issue for mothers taking prescription drugs while breastfeeding. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) advises that mothers can take most prescription drugs but should avoid certain painkillers, psychiatric drugs and herbal supplements. The health benefits of mother taking drugs and breastfeeding should be weighed against the risk of drug exposure to the infant. The report recommends consulting the NIH database 'LactMed' on the most up-to-date information on drugs and breastfeeding.

</doc>
<doc id="19347035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347035" title="DR Class 25.10">
DR Class 25.10

The steam locomotives of DR Class 25.10 were passenger train locomotives built for the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) in East Germany after the Second World War.
History.
The Class 25.10 was developed by the DR in 1954. It was built primarily with heavy passenger trains in mind, but was also intended to handle goods traffic. The first of the two trials locomotives to be manufactured was equipped with a mechanical stoker for lump coal. It was given the operating number 25 001. The second example had coal dust firing and was allocated number 25 1001. Only the coal dust fired vehicle was convincing enough, which resulted in the conversion of the first engine to coal dust firing as well in 1958 and its renumbering to 25 1002. The engines did not go into full production however, because the DR Class 23.10 had been designed and built. The makers were the VEB Lokomotivbau "Karl Marx" in Potsdam-Babelsberg.
The two engines were mainly stationed at Arnstadt, where they hauled passenger trains to Weimar, Saalfeld, Erfurt and Meiningen. For a short time, from 1960 to 1962, the engines were homed at Senftenberg depot. However the numerous cracks in the plate frame often required repair and the locomotives were frequently out of service. The 25.10s were retired as early as 1964 and scrapped at Nordhausen in 1968.
Number 25 1001 was equipped with a coal dust tender of Class 2'2' T 27.5. Number 25 001 had a 2'2' 30 tender, which was replaced in 1958 by the coal dust tender of 44 054, when it was converted to coal dust firing. The locomotive was renumbered to 25 1002.

</doc>
<doc id="19347046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347046" title="HD 118889">
HD 118889

HD 118889 or ADS 8987 B is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="19347060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347060" title="John W. Dawson, Jr">
John W. Dawson, Jr

John W. Dawson, Jr. (born February 4, 1944) is Professor of Mathematics, Emeritus at Pennsylvania State University at York. Born in Wichita, Kansas, he attended M.I.T. as a National Merit Scholar before earning a doctorate in mathematical logic from the University of Michigan in 1972. An internationally recognized authority on the life and work of Kurt Gödel, Professor Dawson is the author of numerous articles on axiomatic set theory and the history of modern logic. During the years 1982 to 1984, he catalogued Gödel's papers at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, and afterward he served as a co-editor of Gödel's Collected Works. He recently retired as co-Editor-in-Chief of the journal History and Philosophy of Logic.

</doc>
<doc id="19347077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347077" title="Gurdwara Ghai Ghat">
Gurdwara Ghai Ghat

Gurdwara Pahila Bara, commonly known as Gurdwara Ghai Ghat, is dedicated to Guru Nanak Dev, who during his visit into Patna stayed here. This was Bhagat Jaitamal's house. Jaitamal was a pious man, confectioner by trade, who became the Guru's follower and later converted his house into a dharmsala.
Bhagat Jaitamal's house was sanctified first by Guru Nanak in 1509 AD. and later by Guru Tegh Bahadur along with his family in 1666 AD.
It is a historical sikh shrine situated at Ghaighat Mohalla in patna. It is about 4 kilometers from Takht Sri Harmandir Sahib. Gurdwara Pahila Bara is oldest Gurdwara is this region. A new building comprising a spacious square hall with the sanctum in the middle was constructed during the 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19347083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347083" title="Saturday's Lesson">
Saturday's Lesson

"Saturday's Lesson" is a 1929 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 93rd "Our Gang" short to be released, and the final silent film in the series. As with two previous silent "Our Gang" shorts, "Little Mother" and "Cat, Dog & Co.", "Saturday's Lesson" was withheld until after several sound "Our Gang" films had been released.

</doc>
<doc id="19347121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347121" title="Stephan Wojcikiewicz">
Stephan Wojcikiewicz

Stephan Wojcikiewicz (born June 23, 1980 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a male badminton player from Canada.
Career.
Wojcikiewicz won the 2007 Pan American Badminton Championship, defeating Andrew Dabeka: 21-17, 22-20. He won the Canadian National Championship in 2004 and was runner-up in 2008. He also played on Canada’s Thomas Cup team in the 2008 finals in Jakarta, Indonesia. In 2010 he became Pan American Champion yet again, defeating Rodrigo Pacheco 15-21, 21-17, 21-13.
Wojcikiewicz was a semifinalist at the 2008 Portuguese Open, quarterfinalist at the 2007 Polish Open and semifinalist in the U.S. Open, Spanish Open, Czech Open, Cuba International, and VIII Miami Pan Am International in 2006.
He trains at the International Badminton Academy in Copenhagen, Denmark and is coached by Michael Kjeldsen. In the 2008 and 2007 seasons he played for Herlev/Hjorten Badminton Club in Europe's Division 1 League and in 2006 for Gladsaxe Badminton Club, Europe's Division 3, both in Copenhagen.
References.
BWF Player Profile
Tournament Software

</doc>
<doc id="19347123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347123" title="Margaret Commodore">
Margaret Commodore

Margaret Muriel Commodore (aka Margaret Joe) is a Canadian politician. She represented the electoral district of Whitehorse North Centre in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 1982 to 1992, and Whitehorse Centre from 1992 to 1996. She was a member of the Yukon New Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19347127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347127" title="Ben Jones (rugby union)">
Ben Jones (rugby union)

Ben Jones (born 21 February 1983) is an English rugby union who played for Worcester Warriors in the Guinness Premiership in the 2008/09 season. He currently plays for Birmingham & Solihull.
He plays as a scrum-half.

</doc>
<doc id="19347129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347129" title="Frank Twiss">
Frank Twiss

Admiral Sir Frank Roddam Twiss, KCB, KCVO, DSC (7 July 1910 – 27 January 1994) was a Royal Navy admiral who became Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel. He went on to serve as Black Rod.
Naval career.
Twiss joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1924.
During World War II he was Gunnery Officer of which was badly damaged during the Second Battle of the Java Sea: Twiss was captured and was a Japanese prisoner of war for three years.
He was appointed Naval Secretary in 1960 and Flag Officer Flotillas for the Home Fleet in 1962. He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Far East Fleet in 1965 and Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel in 1967. In that capacity he banned the naval rum ration. He retired in 1970.
In retirement he served as Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod from 1970 to 1978 and was a member of Commonwealth War Graves Commission from 1970 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19347156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347156" title="Persepolis Men">
Persepolis Men

Persepolis Men (Persian: مردان پرسپولیس, "Mardaaneh Persepolis") is a documentary film about Iranian football club Persepolis. the cover of CD shows Afshin Ghotbi rising his hand toward on a red background.
Story.
The movie is documentary and shows highlights of Persepolis FC 2007-08 championship in IPL. The original film was about 90 minutes but it has been censored to be published.

</doc>
<doc id="19347166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347166" title="Cray CX1">
Cray CX1

The Cray CX1 is a deskside high-performance workstation designed by Cray Inc., based on the x86-64 processor architecture. It was launched on September 16, 2008, and was discontinued in early 2012. It comprises a single chassis blade server design that supports a maximum of eight modular single-width blades, giving up to 96 processor cores. Computational load can be run independently on each blade and/or combined using clustering techniques.
Blade Configurations.
Compute Blade.
The most basic of the modular blade configurations, the single-width compute blade supports dual-socket Intel Xeon 5400, 5500, and 5600 series processors, up to eight dims of DDR3 SDRAM (PC3-8500), and two 2.5" SATA HDDs. Furthermore, each compute blade supports the addition of a PCIe x16 card for graphics or further expansion. Originally offered with the Intel E5400 series processor, later CX1 configurations made either the low-power "L5xxx" series or the high-performance "X5xxx" series Intel processors available to customers. Depending on the blade model, both Gigabit Ethernet and DDR Infiniband interconnects were available - those blades not factory-equipped with Infiniband supported third-party additions through the PCIe expansion port.
Storage Blade.
Building on the modular expansion capabilities of the compute blade, the storage blade enabled customers to add up to eight 2.5" SATA HDDs or four 3.5" SATA HDDs to a separate, but physically connected, single-width blade add-on. This bolted on expansion took the place of the default blade cover and extended the blade unit to a two-width module. From a computational standpoint, the storage blade was no different from the compute blade, offering the same Intel processor options. Unlike the compute blade, PCIe expansion was not available in the storage blade, as the RAID card supporting the additional hard drives occupied this port.
Visualization and GPU Blades.
Similar to the storage blade expansion, both workstation visualization and GPGPU blades were offered, taking advantage of the PCIe expansion port to extend the capabilities of the base compute blade. Equipped with either workstation Nvidia Quadro graphics cards or Nvidia Tesla scientific cards, the visualization configurations extended the integrated graphics capabilities of the compute blade and offered customers access to Nvidia's CUDA programming architecture to drastically speed-up critical scientific and engineering applications.
Unique Features.
In addition to offering unparalleled deskside performance for its day, the Cray CX1 also pioneered a number of unique technologies to make possible the integration of supercomputing into the traditional office space. In order to meet workplace noise requirements, the CX1 utilized an active noise cancellation system built into its cooling apparatus to quiet the sounds generated by the chassis's two large fans. Rather than requiring the deployment of separate Ethernet and/or Infiniband networks, the CX1 integrated network switches for both into the chassis to facilitate these high-speed interconnect protocols required by clustered simulations and applications. Additionally, unlike traditional servers and supercomputers that make use of higher 220V power, the CX1's redundant power supplies were designed to support traditional office power (120VAC, 20A). Finally, one of the most striking and recognizable features of the CX1 is the integrated touch screen control panel on the front face of the machine from which users could not only control each of the blades, but instantly gauge power consumption, core temperature, and fan speeds for the entire chassis.
Comparison with other Cray systems.
The CX1 and XT5h are fundamentally different architectures, and due to their differences, XT5 blades may not be used in place of CX1 blades, and vice versa. To compare the two:

</doc>
<doc id="19347175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347175" title="Yanna Cholaeva">
Yanna Cholaeva

Yanna Cholaeva is a Russian female acrobatic gymnast. Along with Anna Melnikova, she has come second in the Women's Pair event at the world championships in both 2005 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19347177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347177" title="Joe Carlisle">
Joe Carlisle

Joe Carlisle (born 4 December 1987) is an English rugby union player for London Wasps in the Aviva Premiership.
Joe is a Worcester Warriors Academy product who made his league debut for Warriors in 2008 before appearing off the bench in the European Challenge Cup final against Bath Rugby at Kingsholm.
The Swindon-born player enjoyed a most successful season at Sixways during the 2010/11 campaign, racking-up thirty-three appearances and 212 points.
The points-tally included a stunning twenty-eight point haul against Newport RFC in the British & Irish Cup.
During the 2012/13 season, Carlisle went two better as he scored a sensational thirty points against Femi-CZ VEA Rovigo in the Amlin Challenge Cup.
With that total, he also became Warriors' highest ever individual points scorer in a European game, beating previous record holder's Shane Drahn who scored twenty-one points in 2008. 
Predominantly a fly half, Carlisle can also play at centre.
In January 2013 it was announced that Carlisle will join London Wasps ahead of the 2013/14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19347181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347181" title="Savage Moon">
Savage Moon

Savage Moon is a PlayStation 3 and PSP tower defense strategy game which sees the player protecting a remote, off-world mining facility from constant attack by Insectocytes, a type of carnivorous creature inhabiting the planets. The mission is to strategically place an array of upgradeable, defensive weapons in the way of the bugs. There is a range of towers, from rapid-fire machine guns to support towers such as the chaos tower. The developers describe the strategy as;
"In keeping with the xeno-biological theme, the Insectocytes evolve throughout the game, with each wave becoming tougher, and the creatures mutating into new forms to meet the human threat. In response to this, the player needs to research and deploy new forms of technology to meet the escalation of bug toughness. The strategy of the game is a mix of open and directed levels — in some levels the player can place towers to herd the Insectocytes into their cross-fire." 
The game was released for download from European PSN on December 24, 2008 and in North America on January 29, 2009.
Level Names.
The game is divided into nebulae, each of which has 4 levels (moons). The game uses names in an alphabetical order rather than numbers to indicate the levels. Each nebula and moon is named after a mythical creatures, deity or figures from ancient history;
Previews.
The game received a good response from a number of the top game websites when shown at games shows:
Reviews.
The game has received a good response from a number of computer game websites:
Waldgeist (PS3 Extra Content).
On 6 August 2009 the first DLC for the title as released called 'Waldgeist' - the German name for a forest spirit. The developers build on the ideas of evolution and adaptation, remarking;
"As the Insectocytes have evolved, so new threats have surfaced: the Death Blossom Insectocyte; a deadly evolution that carries within itself a payload of beautiful but lethal missiles. It responds to being in range of towers it considers a threat by detonating itself and launching it's cruel cargo. A new sub-species of Insectocytes have emerged using photochromic biological adaptations, similar to those found on native Terran species such as the chameleon or the cuttlefish. They have acquired the ability to adapt their skin colour across a wide spread of the electromagnetic spectrum, rendering them invisible to all normal towers' targeting systems."
The game continued the idea of naming the levels after mythical creatures, deity or figures from ancient history;
In 2010 the soundtrack to the DLC of Savage Moon: Waldgeist - also composed by Elsaesser, was nominated for Best Original Video Game Score in the 55th Ivor Novello Awards. This was the first year that music from games was given a category in the awards.
The Hera Campaign (PSP).
On 22 December 2009 a new game set in the same universe and featuring some of the same units and towers was released titled 'The Hera Campaign';
"Savage Moon: The Hera Campaign (named after the Aegophagus or goat eating aspect of the Greek goddess of the same name) is set within a huge gathering of Imoons, the Hera Cluster, that drifted into human space. Preliminary intelligence suggests that it consists of, at least, 20 Imoons populated by a rich variety of Insectocyte forms, some of which we have encountered before and some of which are new."
The PSP game also carried on the naming the levels after mythical creatures, deity or figures from ancient history. Most of the names appear to come from Mayan mythology.;

</doc>
<doc id="19347190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347190" title="1968–69 Coupe de France">
1968–69 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1968–69 season. Olympique de Marseille won the final played on May 18, 1969, beating Girondins de Bordeaux.
Semi-finals.
First round
Second round

</doc>
<doc id="19347196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347196" title="Anna Melnikova">
Anna Melnikova

Anna Melnikova is a Russian female acrobatic gymnast. Along with Yanna Cholaeva, she has come second in the Women's Pair event at the world championships in both 2005 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19347198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347198" title="Complaint system">
Complaint system

A complaint system (also known as a conflict management system, internal conflict management system, integrated conflict management system, or dispute system) is a set of procedures used in organizations to address complaints and resolve disputes. Complaint systems in the US have undergone several innovations especially since about 1970 with the advent of extensive workplace regulation. Notably in many countries, conflict management channels and systems have evolved from a major focus on labor-management relations to a much wider purview that includes unionized workers and also managers, non-union employees, professional staff, students, trainees, vendors, donors, customers, etc.
There is a substantial early history of scholarly work on due process, and union and non-union grievance procedures within organizations. This work focused primarily on rights-based conflict resolution between union and non-union workers and their managers. Scholarly work has evolved to cover both a wider range of conflict management channels, and, also, a much wider range of disputants.
In the 1970s and 1980s much interest arose in the United States, in dealing with conflict informally as well as formally, and in learning from conflict and managing conflict. In contemporary language, these discussions centered on the "interests" of all who would consider themselves stake-holders in a given conflict—and on systems change—as well as resolving grievances.
These discussions led to questions of how to think about complaint systems and how to link different conflict management offices and processes within an organization. Papers by Ronald Berenbeim, Mary Rowe, and Mary Rowe and Michael Baker, described a systems approach for dealing with complaints—and all kinds of disputes—within organizations.
Many authors extended the work of Berenbeim, Rowe, and Rowe and Baker, on the topic of internal complaint systems. They included: Douglas M. McCabe, William J. Ury, Jeanne M. Brett, and Stephen B. Goldberg. (Ury, Brett and Goldberg in particular described conflict resolution within organizations in terms of interests, rights and power and the possibility of looping back from rights-based processes to interest-based solutions.) Cathy Costantino and Cristina S Merchant, and Karl A. Slaikeu and Ralph H. Hasson extensively explored issues of designing conflict management systems.
The concept of an "integrated" conflict management system was conceived and developed by Mary Rowe, in numerous articles in the 1980s and 1990s (see http://web.mit.edu/ombud/publications/ for a list). She saw the need to offer options for complainants and therefore a linked system of choices within an organizational system.
The idea of a systems approach has endured well. In recent years however, there has been discussion as to whether conflict should be "managed" by the organization—or whether the goal is to understand, deal with and learn from conflict. There is also concern about practical and theoretical issues in "integrating" a system, with some observers preferring the idea of "coordinating" a conflict system. However 2012 research by David Lipsky "et al.", suggests that an increasing number of corporations see themselves as having "integrated conflict management systems," or "ICMS."
There is also a major need to collect, review and understand the nature of conflict management and complaint systems around the world. Studies and citations are needed about how complaint systems work for women as well as men. Research is needed as to how systems work for many different national groups, for people of different socio-economic classes, and different ages, and different religions, and especially for contract workers and immigrant workers, in every country. Studies (and citations) are needed about complaint systems in health care, in faith-based organizations, in schools, in political organizations, in the military and in many specialized occupations. Studies are needed about important specialized issues like free speech.
A number of Artificial Intelligence technologies are helpful in complaint resolution process, understanding the attitudes of involved parties and reasoning about them, in particular, based on Belief–desire–intention model. Concept learning is an adequate formalism to reason about complaints.

</doc>
<doc id="19347214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347214" title="Small Talk (film)">
Small Talk (film)

Small Talk is a 1929 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 86th entry in the "Our Gang" series to be released, and the first to be made with sound.
Plot.
The gang are all orphans, hoping to be adopted by nice families where "spinach is not on the menu". Wheezer, the youngest child, gets adopted by a wealthy couple, while his older sister Mary Ann does not. The gang all comes to visit Wheezer in his new home, setting off an alarm that causes the police and the fire department to come over. At that time, Wheezer's new mother and father decide to adopt Mary Ann as well. The couple's friends all each adopt a child as well; even Farina is adopted by the maid at Wheezer's new home.

</doc>
<doc id="19347251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347251" title="Alec Croft">
Alec Croft

Alec Croft (born 17 June 1937) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger. He made 53 appearances in The Football League for his hometown club of Chester.
Playing career.
A product of Chester's youth system, Croft made his competitive first–team debut as a substitute against Wrexham in the replayed final of the Welsh Cup at the Racecourse Ground in May 1958, with Wrexham winning 2–1. Just days earlier, Croft had scored for Chester against an All Star XI in a joint testimonial for Norman Bullock and Harry Smith at Sealand Road.
The following season saw Croft score on his league debut in a 2–2 draw against Walsall on September 11, 1958, but he managed just three league appearances during the campaign. However, the 1959–60 season saw manager Stan Pearson give many youngsters their opportunity in the side, culminating in Chester fielding one of their youngest ever forward lines when they hosted Torquay United on Easter Saturday. At 22 Croft was the youngest of Chester's five attackers, as he was joined up front by 20 year old John Pimlott and teenagers Ron Davies, Les Stopford and Jimmy Cooper for the 1–1 draw.
Croft added 36 league appearances in 1960–61 before dropping into non–league football with Sankey's and later playing for Bangor City.

</doc>
<doc id="19347253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347253" title="Alex Grove">
Alex Grove

Alex Grove (born 30 November 1987) is a Scottish rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership.
He plays as a centre.
Grove previously played for Scotland at under-18, under-19, and under-20 level. He was also part of Scotland A's victorious IRB Nations Cup team in 2009, he received his first call-up to the full Scotland squad for the November internationals. An injury to Ben Cairns ensured that he started the first two games, which were wins over Fiji and Australia. 
He attended Arnold Lodge School and Rugby School and was vice captain of the Rugby first XV. 
His grandfather is Glasgow-born Ron Wylie, the former Aston Villa and Birmingham City footballer who also managed West Bromwich Albion, through which Alex qualifies for Scotland.
He signed for Edinburgh on a 6-month loan from Worcester for first half of the 2010/11 season in a view to increase his chances of World Cup selection while Worcester were playing in the RFU Championship following relegation the previous season.
Grove returned to Sixways at the start of 2011 and, after clocking up his 50th appearance for Warriors, helped the club achieve its promotion aspirations back to the Aviva Premiership.
Grove once again cemented his place in the Warriors team the following season and made the joint second-most appearances alongside Andy Goode with 26.
He finished the season with three tries, including a crucial one in the 19-9 home victory over Newcastle Falcons, who were eventually relegated and securing the Worcester Warriors participation in the Aviva Premiership for the 2012/13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19347264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347264" title="Living Proof (song)">
Living Proof (song)

"Living Proof" is a song written by Johnny MacRae and Steve Clark, and recorded by American country music singer Ricky Van Shelton. The song — a ballad paying tribute to long-standing love — was released in July 1989 as the fourth single from the album "Loving Proof". It became Shelton's sixth No. 1 single on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Singles chart that October.

</doc>
<doc id="19347266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347266" title="Mike Fleck">
Mike Fleck

Michael E. Fleck, commonly known as Mike Fleck, is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 81st legislative district. He was first elected in 2006 to succeed the retiring Larry Sather, taking office on January 2, 2007.
Fleck attended Southern Huntingdon County High School and earned a degree in history and a minor in youth ministry in 1995 from Liberty University. He has attended graduate courses at Shippensburg University. From 1999 to 2004 he worked as a district executive for the Boy Scouts of America in Huntingdon County. Prior to elective office, Fleck worked for Raystown Developmental Services.
Fleck ran unopposed for a fourth term in the House of Representatives in 2012.
Fleck came out as a gay man on December 1, 2012. He and Democratic Rep. Brian Sims share the designation of the first openly gay members of the Pennsylvania General Assembly. Fleck is one of just two openly gay Republican state legislators in the United States, alongside Ohio state representative Tim Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19347270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347270" title="Union Station (Chatham, New York)">
Union Station (Chatham, New York)

Union Station served the residents of Chatham, New York from 1887 to 1972 as a passenger station and until 1976 as a freight station. It was the final stop for Harlem Line trains. It had originally served trains of the Boston and Albany Railroad, then the New York Central Railroad and the Rutland Railway. It served as a junction for service that radiated to Rensselaer, New York on the northwest, Hudson, New York to the southwest, northeast in southwestern Vermont and Pittsfield, Massachusetts and New York City to the south. 
The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and currently serves as a branch office of the National Union Bank of Kinderhook, NY. Though it no longer serves as a train station, the rail line alongside it is still a very-active mainline for freight rail.
History.
Before the station house was built rail service to Chatham started on December 21, 1841 when the first portion of the Albany and West Stockbridge Railroad was put into service between Greenbush (east of Albany) and Chatham. The Harlem Extension of the New York and Harlem Railroad was built to Chatham by 1869. By late 1870 a series of company mergers led to the formation of the Boston and Albany Railroad (B&A). In 1881 the B&A hired Henry Hobson Richardson to design several stations for the railroad. Richardson died unexpectedly in 1886 and the remaining station design work was transferred to the Boston based architecture firm of Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge. They designed the Chatham Station which was opened for service along the B&A's Boston to Albany line in 1887. The Richardsonian Romanesque building features a Dutch gable roof with wide eaves and colonnade porticos that extend out east and west along the tracks over the low platform. The walls are made of lightly colored rusticated stone with window and door frames, sills, and lintels of contrasting brownstone. A prominent bow window faces trackside and once was used as part of the stationmaster's office.
The New York Central Railroad (NYCRR) took over the B&A in 1900. The station house was originally staffed by a ticket agent, but the ticket office was closed by the NYCRR in 1960. It remained as an active station for passenger service until March 22, 1972. Under the aegis of Conrail, the station was closed in March 1976 when freight operations from Ghent to Millerton were terminated.
Conrail utilized the station for storage in the mid-1970s. In 1977, the freight railroad attempted to sell the station and surrounding land for $85,000.
Service on the Rutland ended in 1953; tracks were dismantled shortly thereafter. The removal of the NYCRR's Harlem Line trackage south of Church Street followed 30 years later. Boston and Albany Railroad trackage remains in place and is currently used by CSX Transportation. The line was single-tracked by Conrail in the late 1980s.
Chatham Union Station has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since May 1, 1974. In addition to active freight service, Amtrak's "Lake Shore Limited" long-distance train passes through Chatham without stopping.
The station house was renovated and reopened in 1999 to serve as a branch of the National Union Bank of Kinderhook. Currently, the Harlem Valley Rail Trail Association has plans to extend the trail along the right-of-way in front of the site of the former station.

</doc>
<doc id="19347278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347278" title="Charlie Fellows">
Charlie Fellows

Charlie Fellows (born 26 April 1988) is an English rugby union player for Stourbridge in National League 1.
He plays on the wing. He previously played for Worcester Warriors.
He studied at King's School Worcester.

</doc>
<doc id="19347284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347284" title="George Bernard Cronshaw">
George Bernard Cronshaw

George Bernard Cronshaw (1872 – 1928) was a Chaplain, Fellow and Bursar of The Queen's College Oxford University and later Principal of St Edmund Hall, Oxford. He was well known for his charitable works outside of university life holding governorships of several schools and his association with British hospitals especially the Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford.
Early life.
George was the second son of Rev. Christopher Cronshaw, Canon of Manchester Cathedral. Raised in Lancashire, which now includes parts of Greater Manchester, he attended Manchester Grammar School and went up to Queen's College, Oxford as a Berry exhibitioner where he graduated with a first class in Chemistry. Leaving Oxford, he attended Leeds Clergy School and was subsequently ordained into a curacy in Holbeck, Leeds.
Oxford career.
George Cronshaw returned to Oxford in 1898 as Chaplain at his old college, Queen's whilst holding a curacy at St Cross Church, Holywell. He remained chaplain for thirty years during which time he strongly supported the college music society and choir. In 1900, resigned his curacy and was appointed lecturer in Chemistry, whereupon he organised the college chemistry laboratory in Queen's Lane. 
In 1902, he was appointed a Fellow of the college and in 1905 became Junior Bursar rising to Senior Bursar in 1912 at which time he relinquished all teaching responsibilities. 
Outside of the college he was Junior Proctor for the University from 1909 to 1910 and served as a member of the Hebdomadal Council from 1911 until 1923. In addition, he acted as Visitor to the Museum, Acting Curator of the Schools and a member of the Boards of Natural History and Medicine. He was also chairman and secretary of the Committee of College Bursars. As treasurer of St Hugh's College, Oxford he oversaw their move to the current premises in Banbury Road
Schools and hospitals.
Outside of university he was a member of the governing bodies of King Edward VI School, Southampton and both Heversham 
and Keswick Schools. He was chairman of governors for St. Bees School.
From 1910 to 1928 he was chairman and treasurer of the committee for the Radcliffe Infirmary whilst being a member of the committee of the British Hospital Association. At the Radcliffe, he helped to establish the throat and ear, maternity and electrical departments. He helped to obtain for the hospital the Headington Manor House and Children's Convalescent Home in Cowley and established a countywide contributory scheme that put the hospital on a sound financial footing. It was for such achievements that the Oxford City Council recommended that the freedom of the City be conferred upon him.
Church and freemasonry.
In church life, he undertook the duties of examining chaplain to a number of dioceses: to the Bishop of Chichester from 1919 to 1921 and from 1921 to the Bishop of Carlisle. It was observed that he would often cycle 10 or 20 miles out of Oxford on a Sunday to preach or take service in a county parish. He married late in life (1925) to Dorothy Wardle of Scarthwaite near Lancaster, Lancashire; they had no children.
An active freemason, Cronshaw was three times Master of the Apollo University Lodge, Grand Senior Warden of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Oxfordshire and Grand Chaplain in the Grand Lodge of England.
St Edmund Hall.
George Cronshaw's continuous hard work took its toll on his health and after a bout of influenza in 1928 he was offered, in May of that year, the position of Principal of St Edmund Hall, Oxford which at that time still had close ties to Queen's College. In accepting the position, upon the retirement of G.B. Allan, he agreed to give up all his other duties and appointments. However, it was too late to save his health; he took to his bed ill, weeks after his appointment, and he died in his residence at the Hall on 20 December. 
He was succeeded as Principal by A.B. Emden who had himself only recently been appointed to Vice-Principal.

</doc>
<doc id="19347339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347339" title="List of space opera media">
List of space opera media

The following is a list of space opera media. Space opera is a subgenre of science fiction that David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer define as "colorful, dramatic, large-scale science fiction adventure, competently and sometimes beautifully written, usually focused on a sympathetic, heroic central character and plot action, and usually set in the relatively distant future, and in space or on other worlds, characteristically optimistic in tone. It often deals with war, piracy, military virtues, and very large-scale action, large stakes."
The following are works that independent commentators have characterized as space opera.

</doc>
<doc id="19347368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347368" title="Railroadin'">
Railroadin'

Railroadin' (1929) is an "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 88th release in the "Our Gang" series. Though much of the short was a remake of "The Sun Down Limited", it marked the first appearance of Norman Chaney as "Chubby", having won a national contest to replace Joe Cobb as the "Our Gang" "fat kid".
Plot.
The gang is playing around the railroad station, and Joe and Chubby's father, an engineer, lectures against the kids playing in such a dangerous area. True to his word, after Joe and Chubby's father leaves, a crazy man starts a train with most of the kids on it, save for Farina who is nearly run over several times. 
Once Farina manages to climb aboard himself, the kids attempt to stop the runaway locomotive, but have no luck until the engine crashes into a grocery truck. As it turns out, however, the entire incident is revealed to be a dream Farina had as Joe and Chubby's father lectured the kids about rail-yard safety.
Lost soundtrack.
Like many early sound films, "Railroadin'" was recorded using a sound-on-disc synchronization process - the soundtracks for the film were held on separate phonographic records, which would be played by a projectionist in synch with the film. The sound discs for the film went missing at MGM in the 1940s, and only the film negative survived. When MGM sold Roach the catalog of "Our Gang" films made at the Roach studio, it therefore acquired only the picture element of "Railroadin'"; as such, the short was never included in any of the "Little Rascals" theatrical reissue or television distribution packages.
Home movie distributor Blackhawk Films produced a silent film adaption of "Railroadin'" with text titles in the 1970s, leading to the film's first release in any form since its original theatrical release. In 1982, the long-lost sound discs for "Railroadin'" were located in an MGM vault, and the film was finally made available with sound for the first time in decades via a 1983 VHS release by Blackhawk. "Railroadin'" has since been released on DVD as well, but was never added into the "Little Rascals" television package, despite being restored to sound.

</doc>
<doc id="19347372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347372" title="N. C. Vasanthakokilam">
N. C. Vasanthakokilam

Nagapattinam Chandrashekhara Vasanthakokilam (; 1919 – November 7, 1951) was a carnatic singer and actress. Her work included the performances of kritis by Tyagaraja and Muthuswami Dikshitar and in the years after Indian independence, she helped popularize the famous mystic poet of Tamil Nadu, Yogi Suddhananda Bharathi's songs . She died of tuberculosis in 1951.
Early life.
NCV was born as Kamakshi in Irinjalakkuda, Cochin State of British India, the present Kerala. Her family then shifted to Nagapattinam. Her father, Chadrashekhara Iyer send her under the tutelage of Nagapattinam 'Jalra' Gopala Iyer, an accompanist in Harikatha performances. In 1936, the family moved to Madras, where she started giving concerts. She won the first prize in vocal music at the Madras Music Academy annual conference of 1938, which was presided over by Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar and declared open by the Yuvaraja of Mysore.
Her Music.
Her voice was melodious with perfect intonation, sruti, emotion, high-pitched and clear pronunciation of words. Her rendering of higher octaves and sruti were remarkably with effortless ease to bring off brigas. She sang plenty of Tamil songs. She was a regular performer at the festivals of the Tamil Isai Sangam in Madras and Nellai Sangeetha Sabha in Thirunelveli.
She also performed for the Tyagaraja Aradhana each year between 1942 and 1951. NCV ranked among the top performers of the classical singer of that time and many records were released containing her classical and semi-classical songs. The famous Carnatic music vocalist Tiger Varadachariar had bestowed upon her the title "Madhuragita Vani".
Some of her famous songs are:
Film Songs.
She also sang the following songs for Kollywood (a word which didn't exist in her time), aka. the Tamil film industry, which became very popular. The Tamil film songs are : 
Acting career.
Besides being a singer par excellence, NCV acted in movies. She started with Chandra Gupta Chanakya playing the role of the princess Chaaya directed by C. K. Saachi in 1940. Followed by Venuganan (1940), Gangavathar (1942), Haridas (1944), Valmiki (1946), Kundalakesi (1946) and Krishna Vijayam (1950). Today, not many of her Carnatic renditions are available as CDs or audio recordings and those which are available contain both cinema and Carnatic compositions, mostly from various concerts she had given in the past.
Personal life.
Her personal life was an unhappy one. Her marriage had been a failure as her husband was not inclined to encourage her music pursuits. In later years, she found a life-partner in a lawyer turned film-maker, C. K. Sathasivan (known as C. K. Saachi) till her last days. She fell victim to a severe attack of tuberculosis, and died in 1951 at her residence in Gopalapuram, Madras. She was only thirty-two years old at the time of her death and the classical music world lost a singer with the dulcet voice.

</doc>
<doc id="19347393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347393" title="Big Brother Germany (season 1)">
Big Brother Germany (season 1)

The original season of Big Brother Germany started on 28 February 2000 and lasted 102 days until 9 June 2000 on RTL 2.
Season summary.
Being the first adaptation of the original show with the same name that was aired six months earlier in the Netherlands. Never experienced with such a format, German public remained doubtful until the start and German politics even tried to forbid to air the show.<br>
However, after being a few weeks on air, the show proved to be a massive ratings hit with German audience and Macedonian contestant Zlatko Trpkovski immediately went on to become a love-hate character for his clueless way of speaking and not knowing who William Shakespeare was. He went on to survive his first nomination however when he was nominated against Jürgen, his best friend in the house, he was evicted. On his way out of the house he was witnissed by reportly 3.000 people outside of the house with cheers and was celebrated as being the winner. However in the same night the audience was shouting "Manu raus!" ("Get Manu out!") targeting Manuela, one of Zlatkos major threats in the house and after the remaining housemates were able to hear the reactions one of the basic rules (no contact to the outside world) were broken.<br>
Manuela was the next person to be evicted while Zlatko started to build a career upon his new founded fame. Although not really being a talented singer, he recorded a single which went straight to no. 1 of the German single charts and even got his own show named "Zlatkos Welt (Zlatko's World)" on RTL 2. He eventually recorded a duett named "Großer Bruder (Big Brother)" with his buddy Jürgen, while that one was still a contestant on the show and therefor clueless about starting his own singing career, which topped the charts as well and was even a bigger success than Zlatkos debut single and the theme of the first season "Leb! (Live!)", the first no. 1 hit by the Big Brother franchise. Several contestants of the show tried to break into music business however none of them made any huge impact (mostly because of obvious lack of talent, quesionable lyrics and low profil productions) and none of their fames lasted longer than to the end of the year.<br>
The show was on its peak when German celebrity Verona Feldbusch entered the house for one night in the second half of the show. Over 70% of the German audience witnessed her entry on screen. Feldbusch would eventually made a second entry to the house in the second season of the show and was followed by several minor celebrities in the next seasons.<br>
Being the hands down favorite to win, Jürgen was beaten in a very close vote by east-German John Milz who remained quiet throughout the entire series and was known as rarely having arguments with his fellow housemates. Being tattooed and pierced, he appeared like a rough rocker on first sight but proved to be a rather soft and caring father with very liberal views. From the prize money he bought a car for his girlfriend and mother of his daughter saying "she had to do the work during my stay". Later it became public that John was cheaten by her during the show.<br>
The first season of Big Brother is mostly considered as "the birth of reality television" in Germany had a huge impact on German Television which saw several similar formats making their way to the screens in the next months and years, however the success of Big Brother was never beaten by any other show and the viewers tend to say that the first has been the only real Big Brother season due to the contestants never expecting such a success and being their own throughout the show.
Housemates.
Entered on Day 1:
Replacement contestants:

</doc>
<doc id="19347412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347412" title="Louise Kennedy">
Louise Kennedy

Louise Kennedy is an Irish fashion designer and businesswoman who, in 2013, was called the 'uncrowned queen of Irish fashion'.
Career.
Kennedy studied at the College of Marketing and Design, now part of Dublin Institute of Technology and the Grafton Academy, before setting up her own business in either 1982, or 1984.
In 1990 she designed the purple wool and moiré inauguration outfit for Ireland's first female President Mary Robinson. Kennedy stated that she had been very fortunate by the timing of this, as it drew a great deal of attention and media coverage with many Irish clients suddenly made aware of her work and choosing to buy from her. That same year she was chosen to exhibit at the London Designer Show. She opened her flagship stores in Dublin and London in 1997, the same year in which she designed uniforms for flight staff on Aer Lingus. Since 1999 she has also designed glassware for Tipperary Crystal, collaborating with Marcus Notley since 2001.
In 2009, she designed new judge's robes for the Irish Law Courts, marking a break from the traditional British robes that previous judges had worn. In 2011 Kennedy started offering bespoke wedding dresses, and in 2013 she launched a range of personalised designer handbags.
Awards.
Kennedy was named Irish Designer of the Year award in 1989 and 1990. She won a Fashion Oscar in 1992 for the Best Irish Designer Collection and in 1994 was the first female designer to receive an award for Outstanding Achievements in Fashion from the Irish Clothing Industry. For her achievements in Irish fashion she was elected Tipperary Person of the Year in 1992. She has also been named Veuve Cliquot's Irish Businesswoman of the Year for 2003 and 2004. In 2009 she became the first woman to act as style envoy for Mercedes-Benz.
Throughout her career Kennedy has been recognised for her suit and coat designs, winning awards specifically for these in 1985 (Best Irish Coat Collection), 1991 (Best Suit and Best Coat Award), and 1993 (Best Coat and Suit Collection Designer of the Year).
In popular culture.
In 2010 Kennedy was one of six contemporary, internationally renowned Irish fashion designers featured on a set of Irish postage stamps issued by An Post. The other designers featured were Paul Costelloe, Lainey Keogh, John Rocha, Philip Treacy and Orla Kiely.
Along with Costelloe she was a celebrity guest judge for the 2013 final of RTÉ Television's "Craft Master" show.

</doc>
<doc id="19347420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347420" title="Rostislav Vsevolodovich">
Rostislav Vsevolodovich

Rostislav Vsevolodovich () (1070–1093) was the Prince of Pereyaslavl (1078–1093), son of Vsevolod I of Kiev and half brother of Vladimir Monomakh.

</doc>
<doc id="19347454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347454" title="Tudor Rickards">
Tudor Rickards

Tudor Rickards PhD (born 1941 in Pontypridd, Wales) is an author on creativity and leadership in business and management. He is based at Manchester Business School in the UK, where he is Professor of Creativity and Organizational Change.
Rickards is an influential figure in the study and application of creativity, particularly in Europe.
By the mid-70s he had established international contacts. A collaboration with Horst Geschka at the Battelle Institute in Frankfurt, Germany, lead to a joint publication comparing practices and deficiencies in the application of creativity techniques in the UK and in Germany. Furthermore he participated in most of the European creativity conferences as a speaker or active participant. During this time he intensively worked on the development of networks enabling European creativity practitioners to work together and explore alternatives to the dominant US models.
He co-founded the academic journal, "Creativity and Innovation Management, " in 1991 and is Alex Osborn Visiting Professor at State University of New York, Buffalo, a lifetime position offered to scholars who are deemed to enrich teaching at the University’s Centre for Studies in Creativity.
Rickards is regularly quoted in the British media. He is a pioneer and advocate of the ‘Manchester Method’ – the system of creative and applied learning championed by Manchester Business School – on which he has written widely.
He was an early promoter in Europe of the TRIZ system of creativity and idea generation, inviting TRIZ pioneer Dr Phan Dung to speak at EACI (European Association of Creativity and Innovation) conferences and publishing some of the first papers in English by Dr Phan Dung on the subject in "Creativity and Innovation Management".
Challenging traditional models of creative thinking, leadership, problem solving and team building, Rickards’ research has been described by "The Financial Times" as non-traditional. The influences and inspirations for his insights and research are diverse, and include chess, poetry, sport and politics. He is developing the use of non-traditional fictional modes for exploring issues in leadership theory. The world of nature has also been a powerful source of inspiration, with well-publicised work on intelligent horsemanship and the lessons it offers for the workplace, and profiling management and leadership styles using animal behaviour. His work has been criticised for attempting to learn lessons from studying animal rather than human behaviour.
Rickards was educated at Pontypridd Boys’ Grammar School and went on to study chemistry and radiation chemistry at The University of Wales at Cardiff (now Cardiff University). Following post-doctoral research at New York Medical College in the 1960s, he returned to the UK to work in the R&D department of Unilever Laboratories, based in Port Sunlight, Merseyside, UK. It was there that he became interested in creativity and its role in structured problem-solving systems, and from there that he joined Manchester Business School in 1972.
Rickards contributed as keynote speaker at the 1st National Medical Leadership Conference of the Mersey & North Western Deaneries, Reebok Stadium Bolton, March 10, 2011, and at the Institute of Directors North West annual conference on Leading through Change, Manchester, March 22, 2012.
In August 2010, Rickards contributed to an eBook collection of political poems entitled "Emergency Verse – Poetry in Defence of the Welfare State" edited by Alan Morrison.
Rickards has been appointed to the board of international advisors to the Institute for Creative Management and Innovation, Kinki University, Japan.
His recent media contributions include the BBC Radio 4 documentary Oblique Strategies, broadcast on the 13th June 2013, examining a technique developed by Brian Eno for stimulating creativity.

</doc>
<doc id="19347459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347459" title="Philip Marc">
Philip Marc

Philip Marc was a High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire and the Royal Forests in 1208. Marc has been proposed as a candidate for the role of Sheriff of Nottingham in the legend of
Robin Hood.
Biography.
Marc is thought to have come from the French province of Touraine which is south of the Loire. This land had been lost by King John to King Philip II of France in 1204.
In 1207, Marc was ordered to collect 100 pounds from ""three men of Newark"". The nature of this task can be judged by a later demand he made for another 100 pounds from debtors in Lexington. The request was accompanied by a threat that they would be burnt to the ground. They had to pay if they wanted to ""enjoy the King's peace"". The Sheriff was appointed by the King (or Queen) but they were not paid. They took their profit from the confiscated lands that they had taken from debtors.
Marc was appointed Sheriff in 1208.
In the seventh year of the reign of King John, Marc was given the bailiwick of Burton.
In 1214, Marc had a deputy named Eustace of Lowdham who may have already been working for him for five years. Like Marc himself, Eustace has been proposed as a contender for the Sheriff of Nottingham mentioned in the Robin Hood legends. However there
was no "Sheriff of Nottingham" until much later. Marc was the "High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire and the Royal Forests" and Eustace was his deputy.
Marc was not popular; he and his relatives have been judged a "bad lot". He and his relatives are specifically mentioned in the Magna Carta. At Runnymede, King John agreed to many clauses, but clause 50 specifically calls for the end of Marc.
During the rebellion, Eustace of Lowdham did not take the side of the King, but rather that of John de Lacy; in 1216 both the deputy and Marc make their peace with King John.
On 18 October 1216, Marc was named in the unusual appointment of Nicholaa de la Haye, as joint Sheriff of Lincolnshire. It is thought that following the rebellions, loyalty was so rare that the unlikely appointment of a woman was made at the end of the King's life.
Marc still held the post of Sheriff until he was replaced on 28 December 1217 by Ralph FitzNicholas, but it is thought that his role may have been actually carried out by Eustace as it was he who presents the accounts each year. However Marc did enjoy regional military powers.
After.
He married Ann and had a son who was still a child in 1222 as it has been noted that the roll of fines that in the 6th year of the reign of the King Philip Marc bought nine bovates of lands at Keyworth in Nottinghamshire which he gave with his body to Lenton Priory to be entombed. Marc left monies that his soul could be prayed for. His son Reginald was under age and he
had one daughter, Petronella, who was the wife of Andrew Luteral. Oddly, King John had given the lands of Andrew's father, Geoffrey, to Philip Marc on the occasion of the marriage.
Lands were held at Chellaston near Derby for Marc's heirs. Reginald held lands at Thrumpton.
In 1226 Marc was given the manor of Barton le Street by the King who gives the same land in 1229 to Richard le Grey. In 1234, Brian de Lisle granted a pension to Ann, Philip's widow.
Popular culture.
A sympathetic portrayal of Marc as the Sheriff was presented in the Richard Kluger novel "The Sheriff of Nottingham". In this version Marc is portrayed as a good man who has to make hard choices in a thankless job.
Another, more villainous, version of Marc directly fought Robin Hood in the short story "The Walnut-Hued Man of Sutton Passeys" by Jean Rabe, part of the anthology "Warrior Fantastic". Eustace of Lowdham also makes an appearance as Marc's deputy.
A 1985 Robin Of Sherwood television episode (entitled "The Sheriff Of Nottingham", written by Anthony Horowitz) introduces "Philip Mark" as one of King John's enforcers. Marc is portrayed as a former sheriff of Lincolnshire, whose ruthlessness in completing his duties earned him a nickname: "the Butcher of Lincoln." As King John has grown tired of failures to capture Robin Hood by the series' fictional sheriff character, Robert de Rainault, Marc is appointed as his replacement. This version of Marc is portrayed as having a Saracen bodyguard named Sarak, and it is implied that Marc may have been active in the East during the Crusades. The character "Philip Mark" does not survive the end of the episode, and Robert de Rainault is restored to his role as sheriff. "Philip Mark" was played by Lewis Collins.

</doc>
<doc id="19347466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347466" title="Grand Synagogue of Aden">
Grand Synagogue of Aden

The Grand synagogue of Aden ( "Al-Milama’l-kabira"), also known as Shield of Avraham Synagogue or "Magen Avraham", was built in 1858. It was large enough to house over 2,000 worshipers. The pulpit was made of marble – pure, white and polished, with 7 marble steps leading up to it. The floor was made of marble sections, patterned black and white as on a chess board. The ark was built into the wall pile or stack, and covered by six curtains woven with silk and interwoven with gleaming sapphires, above them the crowns of the torah. The torah scrolls were adorned with crowns and pomegranates, some of them gold, and some of them pure refined silver.
The two tablets of the 10 commandments on both sides of the doors were made of polished silver. The huge ceiling was supported by eight wooden columns, four on each side. Each column had a radius of 80 inches and were 40 feet high. The ceiling and the numerous windows are replete with stained glass in blazing colour and dozens of lanterns.
Along the Eastern wall was a women’s section with 200 places. The entrance to the synagogue was through a huge courtyard which also served as a place of worship on Sabbath and the high holy days. A mikvah was also built on the southern side of the synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19347479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347479" title="Boechera stricta">
Boechera stricta

Boechera stricta (syn. "Arabis drummondii", "Boechera drummondii", "Turritis stricta") is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Drummond's rockcress. It is native to much of North America, including most of Canada, and the western and northeastern United States. It can be found in many habitat types, including disturbed areas. It is a biennial or perennial herb growing one or more erect stems from a small caudex. The stems may branch near the top and reach heights anywhere between 30 and 90 centimeters. They are generally not hairy. There is a basal clump of widely lance-shaped leaves about the caudex, each up to 8 centimeters long. There are also widely spaced leaves along the stem. The top of the stem is occupied by a narrow inflorescence of flowers which are usually white, but sometimes light pink. The fruit is a straight, erect silique up to 10 centimeters long containing two rows of winged seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19347485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347485" title="Aron Wilford">
Aron Wilford

Aron Leslie Wilford (born 14 January 1982) is an English footballer who currently plays for Bentleigh Greens in the Victorian Premier League. He played professionally in the Football League for York City and Lincoln City and in the Scottish Football League for Clyde.
Career.
Wilford began his career as a centre-half for Middlesbrough, signing for the club from Harrogate College in the summer of 1999. In September 2001 he joined Scarborough on loan, making his debut in the 2–1 home defeat to Hayes on 8 September 2001 and going on to spend two months with the Seasiders. Returning to Boro, he was one of four youngsters, the others being Steve Baker, Gerard Robinson and Paul Stephenson, released by manager Steve McClaren at the end of November 2001.
Wilford signed for Whitby Town from Malton, debuting against Bradford Park Avenue on 9 January 2002. He remained with the club until September 2003 when he joined York City, scoring on his Football League debut just three minutes after coming on as a substitute in the 2–1 defeat to Rochdale on 6 September 2003. In December 2003 he joined Worksop Town on loan for a month. In February, he joined Harrogate Town on loan, debuting in the 0–0 draw at Frickley Athletic on 14 February 2004. His contract with York was cancelled by mutual consent in March 2004 and he swiftly joined Lincoln City.
Whitby Town and Blyth Spartans.
In March 2007 he asked to leave Whitby and manager Lee Nogan agreed to his request. He linked up with his former Whitby manager Harry Dunn at Blyth Spartans, debuting in the 2–0 Football Conference North home victory over Worksop Town on 10 March 2007. He played in ten of the clubs' remaining eleven league fixtures scoring three goals, his first in the 2–0 victory at Barrow on 31 March 2007 and his final goal in the closing league game of the season a 3–1 home victory over Hinckley United on 28 April 2007, as the Spartans narrowly missed out on the end of season play-offs finishing in seventh place in their inaugural Conference North campaign.
Guiseley.
Wilford trained with Guiseley during the summer of 2007 before agreeing a deal to link up with his former York City manager Terry Dolan at the club, debuting in the 3–2 Northern Premier League away victory over Stamford on 18 August 2007. Although Guiseley started the season well Dolan was surprisingly sacked in November, with Steve Kittrick appointed in his place leading to a large overhaul in the squad. Although Wilford won the club's fair play award at the end of the season he was one of six players to depart the club following Kittrick's decision to restructure the budget.
Australia.
Wilford moved to Australia, joining Southern Stars during the 2008 Victorian State League Division 1 season before moving to Victorian Premier League side Dandenong Thunder for the 2009 season. In October 2010, he decided not to renew his contract with Dandenong Thunder instead moving to Bentleigh Greens for the 2011 Victorian Premier League season.

</doc>
<doc id="19347502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347502" title="Southwestern Michigan College">
Southwestern Michigan College

Southwestern Michigan College is a public community college. The Main campus is near Dowagiac, Michigan and The Niles Area Campus (NAC) is located outside the city limits of Niles, Michigan
Academics.
Southwestern Michigan College offers certificate programs in Automotive Technology, Construction Trades Green Technology, Electrocardiogram (ECG) Technician, Emergency Medical Technician, Fire Science, General Education, Home Health Aide, Hotel Management, Information Technology Help Desk, Mechatronics Technology, Medical Assisting-Clinical, Medical Assisting-Office, Medical First Responder, Nursing Assistant (CNA), Practical Nursing LPN, Occupational Technology, Office Assistant/Specialist, Paramedic, Pharmacy Technician, Phlebotomy, Precision Production Technology, Small Business Management/Entrepreneurship, Special Event Planning and Welding Technology.
Southwestern Michigan College offers Associates degrees in Accounting, Automotive Technology, Business, Business-Concertration in Hotel Management, Business-Concentration in Office Management, Busienss-Concentration in Special Events, Construction Trades Green Technology, Early Childhood Education, Educational Paraprofessional, Engineering Technology, Fire Science, Graphic Design Technology, Health Information Technology, Industrial Technology, Information Technology (Application Development, Networking and Support), Mechatronics Technology, Medical Assisting, Music, Nursing (LPN to RN), Nursing (Paramedic to RN), Nursing (RN), Occupational Technology, Paramedic, Precision Production Technology, Professional Communication (Communication, Creative Writing and Professional Writing tracks), and Social Work.
Visit the (Southwestern Michigan College website) for complete program guides.
History.
Southwestern Michigan College was founded on November 19, 1964 after the voters of Cass County, Michigan approved a 1.5 million dollar tax levy to fund a Cass County Community College. On September 12, 1965 ground was broken for the main campus in Dowagiac, Michigan. Classes began at Southwestern Michigan College in September 1966. The college is located three miles (5 km) outside of Dowagiac, Michigan city limits. Their sports teams were nicknamed the "Roadrunners" before SMC dropped sports in 1998.
Main campus.
Currently the Main Campus houses 10 buildings:
Satellite campus.
In July 1992 the Niles Area Campus (NAC) opened with a new facility, located just outside the city limits of Niles, Michigan. In 1999 a addition was completed which came close to doubling the size of the Niles Area Campus. In 2001 a Michigan Technology Center was add to the Niles Area Campus. This building is known as the Harry T. Gast Building, named for the former Michigan state senator.
Accreditations.
Southwestern Michigan College is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. Southwestern Michigan College is also a member of the American Association of Community Colleges.
On-Campus Student Housing.
SMC Housing offers apartment style living with full kitchens and private, lockable bedrooms. These fully furnished four bedroom apartments have two bathrooms. SMC housing covers all utilities including wired and wireless internet, air conditioning, electricity, and water. 
In fall 2009, Southwestern Michigan College their first residential housing facility on campus with a 130-bed student housing unit. On August 16, 2009 the student housing was dedicated and named in Honor of Keith H. McKenzie. Southwestern Michigan College's second housing unit on the College's Dowagiac campus opened for the fall 2010 semester.
Due to continuing high demand, SMC has set to open their third housing facility. South Hall will open this fall and house an additional 130 students. This will bring the total on-campus population to 390 students. More information on SMC housing can be found at http://www.swmich.edu/housing. 
Board of Trustees.
Southwestern Michigan College is governed by a 7 member locally-elected Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="19347508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347508" title="Boxing Gloves (film)">
Boxing Gloves (film)

Boxing Gloves is a 1929 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym "Anthony Mack". Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on September 9, 1929, it was the 90th "Our Gang" short to be released.
Plot.
Joe's and Chubby's friendship is tested when their affections for Jean cause the two best friends to fight. At the same time, Farina and Harry have been unsuccessfully trying to go into business as fight promoters, and find in Joe's and Chubby's rivalry the ingredients for a perfect boxing match.

</doc>
<doc id="19347521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347521" title="Luis María de Larrea y Legarreta">
Luis María de Larrea y Legarreta

Luis María de Larrea y Legarreta (19 April 1918 – 28 May 2009) was a Spanish Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the age of 91, he was one of the oldest bishops in the Church and one of oldest bishops of Spain.
Luis María de Larrea y Legarreta was born in Miravalles, Spain, and was ordained as a priest on 27 June 1943. He was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of León on 9 July 1971, and was ordained on 25 September 1971. On 16 February 1979 Legarreta was appointed to the Diocese of Bilbao, where he remained until his retirement on 8 September 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19347561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347561" title="Swimming at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay

The final of the Men's 4×100m Freestyle Relay event at the European LC Championships 1995 was held on 25 August 1995 in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19347562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347562" title="Wright v. United States">
Wright v. United States

Wright v. United States was the name of several United States Supreme Court cases.
The most significant was the case of 1938 (302 U.S. 583) which partly overruled the court's earlier decision in the Pocket Veto Case.

</doc>
<doc id="19347565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347565" title="Shenea Booth">
Shenea Booth

Shenea Booth is an American acrobatic gymnast who represented the United States of America at the 2001 World Games, the 2002 World Championships and the 2004 World Championships in the Mixed Pair event, along with her partner, Arthur Davis.
At the conclusion of their competitive careers, Booth and Davis formed the acrobatic gymnastics act Realis, which made it to the final round of competition in the 2006 season of the U.S. reality TV show, "America's Got Talent".
Booth and Davis were both chosen for induction into the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 2009.
The pair won the all-around at the U.S. National Sports Acrobatic Championships in 2002, 2003 and 2004. During their career, Booth and Davis also won national awards for performance, skill difficulty and choreography.)
Prior to her partnership with Davis, Booth was the top in a mixed pair with acrobatic gymnast Julian Amaro (now retired). Booth and Amaro won the all-around title at the 2001 U.S. Sports Acrobatic National Championships in Dayton, OH.
In 1999, the women's trio of Shenea Booth, Mariah Navaro and Nicole Booth won the national women's trio title at the 1999 Sports Acrobatic National Championships in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="19347593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347593" title="Michael Angelo Batio production discography">
Michael Angelo Batio production discography

The following is the production discography of American shred guitarist Michael Angelo Batio.

</doc>
<doc id="19347605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347605" title="Peter Litchfield">
Peter Litchfield

Peter Litchfield (born 27 July 1956) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He started his career with Droylsden and played in The Football League with Preston North End, Bradford City, Oldham Athletic and Scunthorpe United.
Career.
Born in 1956 in Manchester, England, Litchfield started his career with local non-league side Droylsden. In January 1979, he was signed by Football League Second Division-side Preston North End for £3,000. He waited two years to replace first-choice goalkeeper Roy Tunks for his Preston debut, which came on 28 February 1981 against Chelsea, keeping a clean sheet in a 1–0 victory and earning "The Sun" newspaper's man of the match award. His prize was a £1,000 charity cheque, which he donated to a motor neurone disease cause, in memory of former Preston player Mel Holden, who had died from the disease. He made another two appearances in the Second Division, as the club were relegated in the 1980–81 season, and went on to play a total of 107 league appearances with Preston, winning the club's player of the year in the 1983–84 season. His Preston career ended with relegation to the Fourth Division.
In June 1985, he joined Bradford City on a free transfer, following their promotion into the Second Division. He replaced Eric McManus, who had been injured in pre-season. After making his debut on 17 August 1985 in a 2–1 victory at Carlisle United, he went onto be an ever-present in his first season with City. He played another 39 games the following season, but in June 1987, City signed Paul Tomlinson from Sheffield United for a club record fee of £47,500. Litchfield played only five more league games for City, and following a loan spell with Oldham Athletic in October 1988, he joined Scunthorpe United in June 1989 as competition for Paul Musselwhite.
Litchfield played 25 league games for Scunthorpe in the Fourth Division but a knee problem limited his appearances during the 1990–91 season, which brought about his retirement at the age of 34.
Honours.
Individual honours

</doc>
<doc id="19347621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347621" title="Brian Clark">
Brian Clark

Brian Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19347632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347632" title="Jack R. Fenton">
Jack R. Fenton

Jack R. Fenton (August 7, 1916 – November 6, 2007) represented California's 51st State Assembly district and California's 59th State Assembly district 16 years in the California State Assembly. He was part of the Democratic leadership, majority leader in 1972, and helped establish California's occupational health and safety regime.
Personal.
His parents were Lithuanian immigrants. His father operated a delicatessen. 
He earned a degree in 1939 from what was then called Brockport State Normal School, and later studied at University of California, Berkeley.
He was drafted into the United States Army in 1941, and served in the Pacific Theater of Operations during World War II. After his discharge, he entered Loyola Law School in 1945, and was graduated in 1949.
Also in 1945, he married Betty Byer who subsequently bore him four children.
He established a law practice in Montebello, California in 1949. 
Mr. Fenton belonged to many organizations, including the Optimist Club, American Legion and Rotary Club.
He received the "George Moscone Memorial Award for Outstanding Public Service" in 1978, from an association of consumer lawyers in Los Angeles.
He was appointed a member of the Judicial Council of California in 1979.
Political career.
When John Moreno, the first term Mexican American Assemblyman for the 51st District sought reelection, he faced both Dionisio Morales and Jack Fenton. With the chicano vote split, Fenton won the party's nomination in the primary election. He carried the general election with 69% of the vote. He continued to represent Montebello, reelected to seven more two year terms (from 1974, in the 59th Assembly District.)
In the legislature, Fenton championed consumers, veterans, and labor (including farm workers.)
After Jess Unruh declared his candidacy for Governor in 1969, Fenton and Assemblyman George N. Zenovich
encouraged Unruh (at first unsuccessfully) to resign as party leader in the Assembly.
Following an industrial accident on June 24, 1971, when a methane gas explosion fatal to seventeen workers occurred in the California Water Project's Sylmar tunnel, Fenton led the investigation in the Assembly's Committee on Industrial Safety. His investigation, and civil litigation, found negligence by the contractor (Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction Company) and state inspectors. He was a leader promoting statutory change, notably the June 1973 California Occupational Safety and Health Act.
Hospitals and staff threatened to cease organ transplantation activity in 1973 when its legal basis came into question. Criminal defense attorneys argued that harvesting a victim's organs while his heart was still beating caused death, not their clients. Dixon Arnett (R-Redwood City) introduced emergency legislation to recognize death when brain activity ceased. He was three votes short of the required supermajority when he enlisted Jack Fenton, who secured favorable action from two more members. After the California State Senate passed the bill, Arnett flew to Chicago to secure Governor Ronald Reagan's signature giving force to the law.
From 1977-1980 he was chairman of the Assembly's Judiciary Committee.
Earlier, he had been chairman of the Assembly's Finance and Insurance Committee.
Fenton lost his primary election in 1980 to Matthew G. Martínez.
Art Torres was a protégé and Republican Assemblyman Robert Hayden (of Santa Clara's 22nd district) was a friend.

</doc>
<doc id="19347652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347652" title="Lazy Days (film)">
Lazy Days (film)

Lazy Days is a 1929 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 89th "Our Gang" short to be released.
Synopsis.
A lethargic Farina lounges about, waited upon by his girlfriend Trellis and half-minding his baby brother. Meanwhile, the rest of the gang are preparing their younger brothers and sisters for entry in a baby contest - including Joe's unsubtle attempt to pass off eleven-year-old Chubby as an infant. When Farina learns about the contest, he slowly begins bathing and dressing his younger brother, only to learn from Joe on the way to the contest that whole thing was actually over a month ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19347688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347688" title="Ranatra fusca">
Ranatra fusca

Ranatra fusca is a water stick-insect in the family Nepidae, native to North America. It is known by the common name brown water scorpion.
"Ranatra fusca" is the namesake of an award for exemplary creativity in the international student problem solving competition Odyssey of the Mind, because the insect served as the inspiration for a particularly creative solution to a problem in the early days of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="19347713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347713" title="MusicPass">
MusicPass

MusicPass is a bridge format used for the digital distribution of musical recordings, usually full albums or compilations. Each MusicPass card displays a PIN and serial number which are used to redeem MP3 files and, in some cases, video content from the MusicPass website.
History.
MusicPass was developed by SONY BMG Music Entertainment in 2007 and introduced in January 2008.
International Presence.
The MusicBon platform in Germany closely resembles MusicPass but has only carried local repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="19347722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347722" title="Adam Harris">
Adam Harris

C. Adam Harris is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 82nd District and was elected in 2002.
Career.
After graduating from college, Harris joined the House Commerce and Economic Development Committee as a research analyst. He ran for the House in 2002 with the retirement of Rep. Daniel Clark. Harris won re-election to his Juniata County district in 2004 and 2006.
Harris sits on the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Commerce and Finance Committees.
Harris graduated from Susquehanna University in 1998 with a degree in political science.

</doc>
<doc id="19347742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347742" title="St.-Jakobus-Bruderschaft">
St.-Jakobus-Bruderschaft

St.–Jakobus–Bruderschaft ("Brotherhood of St James") is an ecumenical order of Lutheran, Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Christians in Germany within League for Evangelical-Catholic Reunion. It was founded in 1964.
In Christian ecumenism Brotherhood holds to transsubstantiation, Office of St Peter and honour to Blessed Virgin Mary.
Rule.
The spirituality of the Brotherhood is oriented to the example of Saint James and formed by Evangelical counsels, although without celibacy or common life in community. The rule of life includes e.g. daily prayer for reunion, reading of Holy Bible in "lectio continua" and use of private confession.
The Brotherhood gathers together one a year. One of the most notable members is Hansjürgen Knoche.

</doc>
<doc id="19347782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347782" title="Enrique Molina (athlete)">
Enrique Molina (athlete)

Enrique Molina Vargas (born 25 February 1968) is a retired Spanish runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.
He was born in La Zubia. He won the bronze medal in 3000 metres at the 1993 World Indoor Championships, finished seventh in the 5000 metres at the 1996 Olympic Games, eighth in the 5000 metres at the 1997 World Championships and fourteenth in the 10,000 metres at the 1999 World Championships. He also competed at the 1992 European Indoor Championships, the 1995 World Championships, the 2000 Olympic Games and the 2001 World Championships without reaching the final. He became Spanish 5000 metres champion in 1995, and indoor 1500 metres champion in 1993.
In cross-country running he finished twenty-fourth in the long race at the 1999 World Cross Country Championships and seventeenth at the 2000 World Cross Country Championships. In the team competition Spain finished fourth in 1999 and repeated this in 2000. Molina became Spanish cross-country champion in 2000.
His personal best times were 3:38.51 minutes in the 1500 metres, achieved in August 1997 in Zürich; 7:32.32 minutes in the 3000 metres, achieved in July 1997 in Oslo; 13:07.34 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved in July 1997 in Stockholm; and 27:49.71 minutes in the 10,000 metres, achieved in April 1998 in Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="19347799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347799" title="Henry Pollexfen">
Henry Pollexfen

Sir Henry Pollexfen (1632 – 15 June 1691) was a British judge and politician. He was the son of Andrew Pollexfen and his wife Joan, and the brother of John Pollexfen, the British political economist. He entered Inner Temple in 1652, was called to the bar in 1658 and by 1662 he was pleading before the high courts at Westminster Hall. In 1674 he became a bencher at Inner Temple, and was the leading practitioner on the western circuit, frequently pleading at the King's Bench. In 1676 he defended Stockbridge, Hampshire on a "Quo warranto" charge, which he lost. He frequently acted as counsel in various politically charged cases, and regularly lost; clients included the lords involved in the Popish Plot, the Earl of Danby and as one of many counsel for Edward Fitzharris, Stephen College and Algernon Sidney, all of whom were later executed. Along with Sir George Treby and Sir Francis Winnington he defended London on a second "Quo warranto" charge in 1683, arguing that Corporations could not be charged for the wrongdoing of individuals. He lost, and in 1684 was asked to take a similar case for Berwick-upon-Tweed, this time advising surrender. 
In 1688 he was made a justice, and advised the House of Lords on the legality of "Quo warranto" seizures. After William III arrived in 1688 he was a close advisor, and helped persuade him to declare himself King, arguing that the throne was vacant due to James fleeing, saying James ‘went away because the terror of his own conscience frighted him and he durst stay no longer’. William did not make himself King according to Pollexfen's advice, but in reward for his services Pollexfen was knighted and made Attorney General for England and Wales in March, and appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on 6 May 1689. In late 1689 he was elected Member of Parliament representing Exeter at the 1689 Convention Parliament, where William was officially offered the crown. After serving as Chief Justice for two years Pollexfen died of a burst blood vessel at his home in Lincoln's Inn Fields on 15 June 1691.

</doc>
<doc id="19347801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347801" title="Patricio Ballagas">
Patricio Ballagas

Patricio Balagas Palacio (Camagüey, 17 March 1879 – Havana, 15 February 1920) was an important innovator in trova music. His compositions were written in 4/4 time when most others were composing in 2/4 time; and more important, he invented 'double text', where the melody is superimposed over the lead vocal, which then becomes the second voice. He introduced contracanto into the trova form, so that the second voice changes from being intimately connected to the first voice to becoming a melodic and harmonic expression with its own identity.
The historian of trova, Dulcilla Canizares, asks the question "Por qué no, Patricio Ballagas? She thinks he should rank as one of the top five of trova. His short life probably militated against greater recognition of his talent. "Timidez", written in 1914, is his most famous number.

</doc>
<doc id="19347806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347806" title="Bouncing Babies">
Bouncing Babies

Bouncing Babies is a 1929 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 92nd "Our Gang" short to be released.
Plot.
Wheezer is jealous of his baby brother, who gets all the attention from his family while Wheezer is ignored and expected to behave like a "big boy". After a failed attempt at making his own breakfast (and being spanked for doing so), Wheezer attempts to run away from home with Pete the Pup. After he happens upon Farina, they both find themselves on the receiving end of Halloween pranks from the gang in their costumes.
Farina tells Wheezer a tall tale about trading in an unwanted baby sibling for a goat and inspires Wheezer to try the same. However, when Wheezer arrives at the hospital with the baby carriage (which unknown to him holds Mary Ann's doll), not the baby) in order to "change the baby for a goat," a nurse plays along, but also calls Wheezer's mother and informs her of what he's done. Wheezer's mother and his sister Mary Ann pretend to be distraught over the baby's disappearance.
After seeing his mother crying, a remorseful Wheezer rushes back to the hospital to retrieve his brother, but the nurse informs him that it's too late. Wheezer returns home alone, and his mother tells him to pray for the baby to return. Wheezer, gets on his knees and begins praying, only for the baby to come out of hiding and bop Wheezer on the head.
Notes.
This short marks the last "Our Gang" comedy for Jean Darling and Harry Spear. Some sources list also list Joe Cobb as a cast member, but he does not appear onscreen.

</doc>
<doc id="19347808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347808" title="Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie">
Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie

Kenneth Robert Henderson Mackenzie (31 October 1833 – 3 July 1886) was an English linguist, orientalist and autodidact.
Early life.
Mackenzie was born on 31 October 1833 at Deptford near London, England. The following year, his family lived in Vienna, where his father, Dr. Rowland Hill Mackenzie, was assistant surgeon in the midwifery department at Imperial Hospital. When Dr. Mackenzie and his wife returned to England around 1840, Kenneth remained in Vienna for his education, excelling in languages (German, French, Latin, Greek, and Hebrew). At 17, he was back in London, where he worked in the publishing office of Benjamin Disraeli.
Literary career.
In 1851, when Mackenzie was just 18, his short introductory biography of Homer, a translation of a text by Herodotus, appeared in Theodore Alois Buckley’s "The Odyssey of Homer, with the Hymns, Epigrams, and Battles of the Frogs and Mice. Literally Translated, with Explanatory Notes" (London: Henry Bohn). At the beginning of the book, Buckley thanked Mackenzie for his "Life of Homer: Attributed to Herodotus", writing, "For the translation of the Pseudo-Herodotean Life of Homer, the reader is indebted to the industry of Kenneth Mackenzie, Esq. It is the earliest memoir of the supposed author of the Iliad we possess." ("Care and an excellent education seconding the happy talents with which nature had endowed him, soon surpassed his school fellows in every attainment," Mackenzie wrote of the young Homer. "[When older, he... taught in the school of Phemius, where every one applauded him.") 
In 1852, the year of publication of his translation, from German, of Karl Richard Lepsius’ "Briefe aus Aegypten, Aethiopen" ("Discoveries in Egypt, Ethiopia and the Peninsula of Sinai"), Mackenzie also translated, from Danish, Hans Christian Andersen’s "In Sweden" (published in the book "The Story of My Life; and In Sweden"). For T. A. Buckley’s 1852 book "Great Cities of the Ancient World", Mackenzie supplied the chapters on Peking, America, and Scandinavia. In Buckley's "Great Cities of the Middle Ages" (Routledge, 1853), the author thanked "my literary friend and coadjutor, Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie" for contributing the chapters on the cities of Spain. In Buckley's "The Dawnings of Distinguished Men" (Routledge, 1853), the author acknowledged "I am again a grateful debtor to the kindness of my friend Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie, Esq., whose Memoir of Thomas Chatterton forms one of its most interesting chapters." ("As his taste differed from that of children of his age, his dispositions were also different," Mackenzie, 19, wrote of the dreamy 18th century romantic poet and document forger who had committed suicide in London at the age of 18. "Instead of the thoughtless levity of childhood he possessed the gravity, pensiveness, and melancholy of mature life... some dark, doubtful ideas of the great Life had presented themselves, and his spirit was grappling with them in hard strife.") 
In 1853, Routledge published Mackenzie’s book "Burmah and the Burmese", even as Mackenzie was busy helping Walter Savage Landor prepare a new edition of his "Imaginary Conversations" (Demosthenes to Eubulides: "We want surprise, as at our theaters; astonishment, as at the mysteries of Eleusis." Diogenes to Plato: "It is better to shake our heads and let nothing out of them than to be plain and explicit in matters of difficulty... for if we answer with ease, we may be... liable to the probation of every clown's knuckle.") 
In 1854, Mackenzie translated, from the German, Friedrich Wagner’s "Schamyl and Circassia" (the title page noting Mackenzie had already, at age 20, been appointed a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London and a Member of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain). ("deeds of this remarkable man [ Imam Shamil ... have filled his enemies as well as his friends with astonishment and admiration... Civilization such as we have around us now, leads inevitably to heartlessness.") 
In 1855, Mackenzie translated, from the German, J. W. Wolf’s "Fairy Tales Collected in the Odenwald" (Routledge). Between October 1858 and January 1859, at his own expense, Mackenzie published four issues of "The Biological Review: A Monthly Repertory of the Science of Life". In 1859, Routledge published "Master Tyll Owlglass: His Marvellous Adventures and Rare Conceits", Mackenzie’s translation of the medieval prankster story "Till Eulenspiegel", published in the U.S. in 1860 by Ticknor & Fields. ("era of its [original publication was rife with magicians, astrologers, and alchymists... Cornelius Agrippa very shortly afterwards found it necessary to protest against the abuse of such subjects in his treatise 'Of the Uncertainty and Vanity of the Sciences and Arts'... Johannes Trithemius was then Abbot of the Benedictine Monastery of Spanheim... but true to its mission of a folkbook, filled with the manners and customs of its time, story of Owlglass is thoroughly worldly and, for us, therefore, possesses greater interest and value.") 
In 1861, Mackenzie traveled to Paris to meet the French occultist Eliphas Levi (Alphonse Louis Constant). In 1854, Mackenzie had met the American Rosicrucian Paschal Beverly Randolph who, in Paris in 1861, was newly appointed Supreme Grand Master for the Western World of the Fraternitas Rosae Crucis. In 1864, when Robert Wentworth Little found some old Rosicrucian rituals written in German in the storerooms of London’s Freemason’s Hall, he immediately turned to Mackenzie to help him whip these up into an esoteric order. Thinking that Mackenzie, a friend of the likes of Paschal Beverly Randolph and Eliphas Levi, had – as Mackenzie himself had claimed – been initiated into a German Rosicrucian fraternity when he lived in Vienna, Little believed Mackenzie had the “authority” to found the new, “authentic” esoteric society. In 1866, with Mackenzie’s help, Little founded the Rosicrucian Society of England, the Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia. The main leaders of the new organization were Little, William Wynn Westcott, William Robert Woodman, and Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers (Westcott, Woodman, and Mathers would later be "the founding Chiefs" of the "Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn"). 
According to a report of "The Gentleman's Magazine", in May 1863, Mackenzie read to the Society of Antiquaries of London an "interesting paper" on "the 'History of the Horn book' illustrated by specimens from his own collection and by photographs and woodcuts from other collections." At the time, Mackenzie was preparing for the publication of a book on the subject. The publisher, in advance of the publication, had set in type and printed the title page; only this page was ever printed. As for "the paper" read before the Society of Antiquaries, "The Gentleman’s Magazine" reported, it "shewed considerable research, and was listened to with much interest."
In 1870 in London, James Hogg & Son published Mackenzie’s translation of Johann Georg Ludwig Hesekiel’s "Life Of Bismarck" (republished in the U.S. in 1877 as "Bismarck: His Authentic Biography; Profusely Illustrated by Distinguished Artists", with a new introduction by Bayard Taylor). 
In 1872, the year of his marriage, seven pages of a manuscript, "Zythogala; or, Borne by the Sea: An International Romance of the Nineteenth Century By K. R. H. Mackenzie. London & Paris: Published by Authority of The Cosmological Society; Philadelphia: Mackenzie & Co. Chestnut Street; Leipsig: ‘Als Manuskript Gedruct’ Tauchnitz, 1872. Entered according to Act of Congress in the year 1872 by Robert Shelton Mackenzie of Philadelphia," made their way into the formal holdings of the British Library. The book was never published, but to this day the incomplete manuscript – just the first seven pages – remain on a shelf at the British Library (and nowhere else). ["One of the queerest mixtures to be used as a beverage to be found anywhere is zythogala, a mixture of milk and beer."]
Though known as something of an eccentric, "one of the most companionable of persons" when sober, but mean-spirited and harshly critical when under the influence of ale (in Vienna he had become very fond of both Vienna-style red ale and the beers of Munich, Germany), with no known source of income (apparently he had developed a system of astrological prediction of horse race winners that seemingly never produced any actual winnings), in 1872 Mackenzie married Alexandrina Aydon. 
In 1873, Mackenzie’s friend and mentor Frederick Hockley wrote of him, "I have the utmost reluctance even to refer to Mr. Kenneth Mackenzie. I made his acquaintance about 15 or 16 years since. I found him then a very young man who having been educated in Germany possessed a thorough knowledge of German and French and his translations having been highly praised by the press, exceedingly desirous of investigating the Occult Sciences, and when sober one of the most companionable persons I ever met."
In October 1874, a publisher’s prospectus was issued for Mackenzie’s "Royal Masonic Cyclopaedia". In mid-August 1875, Mackenzie wrote a friend that “when this book is finished, I shall, very likely, run over to Canada. My father in law Harrison Aydon is carrying all before him and I am in correspondence with my cousin Alexander Mackenzie the Premier (sic) Canada." Mackenzie corrected the last of the "Cyclopaedia" proofs early in 1877.
In 1881, Mackenzie edited the early issues of the Masonic periodical "Kneph". He planned a book called "The Game of Tarot: Archaeologically and Symbolically Considered", which was announced but not published. Another new order, the "Order of Light", was launched in 1882, followed by Mackenzie’s creation of an even more esoteric Masonic organization called the "Society of Eight," formed especially "for the study of Alchemy." In 1883, John Hogg published "The Shoes of Fortune, and Other Fairy Tales" by Hans Christian Andersen, "with a biographical sketch of Andersen by Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie, LLD., original English editor of Andersen's 'In Sweden'."
Death and posthumously discovered works.
Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie died on 3 July 1886, shortly before his fifty-third birthday.
In August 1887, the Cipher Manuscripts were bought from Mackenzie’s wife and transferred, via A. F. A. Woodford, to William Wynn Westcott. Although the Cipher Manuscripts appeared to be in Mackenzie's handwriting, Westcott made elaborate claims concerning Mackenzie’s having received permission to open, in Britain, an order that was said to have originated in Germany, the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn. The Cipher Manuscripts were used to found the order.

</doc>
<doc id="19347809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347809" title="Willis Nathaniel Huggins">
Willis Nathaniel Huggins

Willis Nathaniel Huggins (February 7, 1886 – July 15?, 1941) was a historian and social activist. He was one of the earliest proponents of teaching African and African-American history in American schools.
Early life.
Huggins was born in Selma, Alabama, but moved to Washington D.C with his family when he was still young. After university, he moved to Chicago, Illinois where he worked as a high school teacher. During the Chicago Race Riot of 1919, Huggins became involved in the New Negro Movement, writing for a number of pro African-American journals. He also became involved in the "Garvey movement" to popularise African-American history, along with Arthur Schomburg and John Edward Bruce.
In 1924, Huggins moved to New York City to continue his teaching. Black teachers were quite still unusual in the New York public school system, and Huggins' attempts to include African and African-American history within the curriculum were met with strong opposition. Instead, Huggins and other black teachers taught out-of-school classes on African-American history to students. In 1932 he became the first black student to receive a PhD from Fordham University.
Work.
Huggins main goal was to promote the serious study of African and African-American history, which he did as associate director of the Blyden Society. In 1934 he co-wrote "A Guide to the Study of African History" with John G. Jackson as a prospective guide to teaching African history in schools. The two later wrote "An Introduction to African Civilizations with Main Currents in Ethiopian History" in 1937.
Huggins was also a passionate campaigner for Ethiopia during the Italo-Ethiopian War and during its subsequent occupation by Italy. He became executive director of the International Council of the Friends of Ethiopia and was sent by the American League Against War and Fascism as a special envoy to the League of Nations in Geneva on behalf of Ethiopia, where he argued against Italian fascism and criticised American neutrality.
Death.
Huggins went missing on December 23, 1940. The only clues to his whereabouts were an overcoat that had been found on the George Washington Bridge and a letter that Huggins sent to his wife stating that "Something is going to happen." At the time of his disappearance, Huggins was teaching history and economics at Bushwick High School in Brooklyn and serving as Assistant Principal at Harlem's Union High School in the evening. Seven months later, on July 15, 1941, his body was recovered from the Hudson river by police. His death was ruled a suicide by the police, his family, and his lawyer. Despite this, some of his students at the Blyden Society and Harlem community centre voiced concerns that he may have been murdered by gangsters over unpaid business loans.

</doc>
<doc id="19347817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347817" title="Johann Philipp Bethmann">
Johann Philipp Bethmann

Johann Philipp Bethmann (30 November 1715 in Nassau, northwest of Frankfurt am Main – 27 November 1793 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German merchant and banker.
Life.
Bethmann was the oldest son of the Nassovian administrator "Simon Moritz Bethmann" (1687–1725). Johann Philipp apprenticed in a trading enterprise in Leipzig from 1730 to 1735, then worked in Nantes and later for his uncle "Jakob Adami". In 1746 he and his youngest brother Simon Moritz each paid 800 guldens to purchase citizenship in Frankfurt. Their brother Johann Jakob carried on the family name in Bordeaux, where he became a merchant and shipowner.
Following the death of their uncle in 1745 the brothers inherited half of his fortune. In 1746 they assumed control of the trading enterprise "Jacob Adami", which became the "Gebrüder Bethmann" bank in 1748. In 1762 they purchased the "Basler Hof" mansion and premises from the Patrizier "Johann Friedrich Maximilian von Stalburg", which Johann Philipp expanded with further acquisitions in 1787/88.
In 1762 Johann Philipp married Katharina Margarethe Schaaf (1741–1822). He was elected a member and in 1785 director of the "College of the 51", i.e., the body of delegates to the Frankfurt city council. In 1786 he was appointed by Joseph II, who had the House of Bethmann underwrite most of his bond issues, to the office of "imperial counselor" ("Wirklicher Kaiserlicher Rat").
After his death in 1793 his only son Simon Moritz continued as head of the bank.

</doc>
<doc id="19347823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347823" title="Leopoldo Fernández">
Leopoldo Fernández

Leopoldo Fernández Ferreira (born 22 May 1952) is a Bolivian politician. A member of Social and Democratic Power (PODEMOS) Fernández was Prefect (Governor) of the northern Bolivian department of Pando from 2006 to 2008.
Fernández was the first elected Prefect of Pando, an office which had previously been appointed by the President. He won the elections of December 2005. Fernández survived the August 2008 vote of confidence referendum, though he had over 14,000 votes against his governorship.
Fernández's government strongly backed autonomy for the department, in alliance with other governors of the eastern "media luna" (half-moon, so known for their combined geographic shape) provinces Santa Cruz, Beni, Tarija. Nationwide referenda on autonomy held on July 2, 2006, were approved in all four departments. A second referendum to approve a statute of autonomy was held by each department in mid-2008, despite being declared illegal by the National Electoral Court in March. Left-wing and pro-Morales social movements boycotted the votes. Pando's referendum, held on June 1, 2008, won 82% approval among those who voted, but 46.5% of the registered electorate did vote, the highest abstention rate in the four departments holding such referenda. 
Prefecto Leopoldo Fernandez was arrested on 16 September 2008 on charges of Acts against the state of emergency. Additionally, other charges for "genocide" are expected from Evo Morales' government for allegedly organizing the Porvenir Massacre, an ambush in which 15 peasants were killed and 37 wounded at El Porvenir on 11 September 2008. Landelino Rafael Bandeira Arze was appointed his interim successor by President Evo Morales and assumed office as prefect on 20 September 2008.
Prosecutors (of the "Ministerio Público") presented indictments against 26 people, including Fernández, for the Porvenir Massacre before the Sixth Sentencing Tribunal ("Tribunal Sexto de Sentencia") on 12 October 2009. Scheduled trial proceedings include a jury selection lottery on 20 May 2010, the empaneling of the jury on 26 May, and the beginning of the trial itself on 8 June.

</doc>
<doc id="19347834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347834" title="Newman Brothers Coffin Furniture Factory">
Newman Brothers Coffin Furniture Factory

The Newman Brothers Coffin Furniture Factory is a disused factory building located Fleet Street in the Jewellery Quarter conservation area, Birmingham, England. The building, which is Grade II* listed, was constructed between 1892 and 1894 to a design by Roger Harley for the firm. The Newman Brothers manufactured coffin furniture at the factory and remained there until 1999.
History.
The Newman Brothers, brass founders and metal coffin fittings manufacturers, moved into the works in 1894. The company was set up by Alfred Newman and his three sons: Horace, George and John. During its time at the factory, the company produced some of the finest coffin furniture in the world that was used in the funerals for Sir Winston Churchill, Neville Chamberlain and Diana, Princess of Wales. The owners and managers would have entered the building through the front entrance of the building whilst the poorer workforce would enter via the gated cart entrance. In the 1960s, the original single-storey range was demolished and replaced with a two storey brick building containing managerial, electroplating, warehousing and barrelling facilities. At its peak, the firm employed 100 people. In the 1950s, the company was exporting products internationally to West Africa, India, Sri Lanka, South Africa, the Caribbean, Canada and Malta.
When the firm closed the factory in 1999, it was one of only three remaining coffin furniture manufacturers in England. In 2000, the building received Grade II* listed status from English Heritage. In March 2001, Birmingham Conservation Trust carried out a feasibility study on the building and became worried about the threat of redevelopment and possible loss of the building. As a result, they appealed to Advantage West Midlands who purchased the building in 2002 and agreed to fund the Trust in their scheme to bring the building back into use.
In 2003, the factory was one of the candidates on the first series of "Restoration" in late 2003. It did not receive enough votes to reach the final.
In 2007, plans were announced by the Trust and a planning application was submitted on 20 June 2008 for the refurbishment of the factory building to create a visitor's centre and office space. If approved, the museum would be the only funereal museum in the United Kingdom.
Future.
The plans to bring the building back into use were submitted for planning permission on 20 June 2008 and include retaining the shroud room, the stamp room and the offices for the visitor's centre whilst there will be commercial units to provide an income that will be used for the maintenance and upkeep of the building. The income from the commercial elements will only be used once the conversion work has been completed. The building will have a total area of . As part of the plan, the 1960s extension will be demolished and a new building housing educational facilities will be constructed. A badly deteriorated 19th century range will also be demolished.
The original building will not be altered, although it will be repaired where necessary and the existing slate roof will be stripped and replaced with Welsh slates. The plastic rainwater guttering will be replaced with cast iron whilst the modern company sign on the front will be removed and replaced with Victorian-style signage. The plans were designed by Purcell Miller Tritton, although the original commissioned architects were Niall Phillips of Bristol who merged with Purcell Miller Tritton. The scheme will cost £3.4 million, of which £1.5 million will come from Advantage West Midlands.
The restoration scheme was approved by Birmingham City Council on 16 October 2008.
In June 2011 Birmingham based TinBox theatre company collaboratively devised and performed a production entitled 'Stop The Clocks' which led audience members on a journey through the space told through the story of the life of a fictitious woman called Mary Fincher. The performance was very well received and will hopefully be taking place again in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19347840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347840" title="Fuyang Teachers College">
Fuyang Teachers College

Fuyang Teachers College (Chinese: 阜阳师范学院) is an institution of higher learning in Fuyang, Anhui Province of the People's Republic of China.
History.
The college developed on the basis of "Anhui Normal University", Fuyang Campus. Its predecessors are "Teachers School of Fuyang Region of Anhui Province", "Fuyang High School Teachers Training School" and "Fuyang High School Teachers Express Class". 
In 1957, "Fuyang High School Teachers Express Class" was founded, comprising two-year programs of Chinese literature and mathematics, and one-year programs of physics, chemistry and geography. In the fall of 1957, the Express Class was renamed "Fuyang High School Teachers Training School", and the subjects of Chinese literature and mathematics merged into "Hefei Normal School". The remaining one-year programs were transformed into Physics and Chemistry Department and History and Geography Department, and were planned to extended one more year. However, due to the "Anti-rightists campaign", those students were sent to work in the winter break of 1958.
In September 1958, the Training School became "Fuyang Regional Teachers School of Anhui Province". Zhang Jianhua (张剑华), the then vice director of Fuyang Administrative Region, served as the president, and Wang Gancheng (王干臣) as vice president and Party chief. It consisted of departments of Chinese literature, maths, physics, chemistry, biology, history and geography, all being two-year programs. It launched an additional politics express class in 1960, and recruited two preparatory classes from junior high graduates, all of whom were transferred to Fuyang Normal School in 1962.
In spring of 1962, the school became "Fuyang High School Teachers Training School", and the main purpose was to train high school teachers. The enrollment began in the fall of that year, and subjects included Chinese literature, maths, foreign language, biochemistry and politics. In summer of 1963, the students graduated prematurely, and most of them were assigned to teach in primary schools. A few of them continued their training in the Teachers Training School of Liu'an High School, and Provincial Education Institute. The enrollment was discontinued in the fall of 1964, and the school was transformed to host a two-month training program for high school administrative staff and eminent teachers, and a three-month program for teachers of agricultural high schools. Tang Zhaohua served as the president and party chief. It recruited 284 from teachers in agricultural schools in 1965, and had two one-year programs, literature and maths. However, due to the outbreak of Cultural Revolution, their graduation had been postponed till 1968.
During Cultural Revolution, the whole school was ordered to relocate to rural area, and in Linquan County, two high schools were formed in Tanpeng Commune and Gaotang Commune, respectively. At that time, there were totally 99 instructors and staff. Besides 33 workers, the rest had all been sent to the countryside. The school suffered great losses in school buildings, teaching tools, documents and books, and equipment.
China's education section began partially recovery in 1974. On the original site of the Training School founded the "Anhui Normal University", Fuyang Campus, which was jointly administered by provincial and regional government. Tang Zhaohua again served as the head, called chairman of school's revolutionary committee. It had five departments, literature, maths, foreign language, physics and chemistry, and fine art, consisting six majors. In addition, there were a Marxism-Leninism teaching office and a sports teaching office, responsible for school-wide public politics and physical education. 
At the end of 1978, approved by the State Council, the Fuyang Campus was expanded and renamed "Fuyang Teachers College". On September 1, 1979, the college party committee was officially formed, and on September 20, the founding ceremony was held for Fuyang Teachers College, and September 20 was also named college's founding day.

</doc>
<doc id="19347849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347849" title="Heriberto Correa Yepes">
Heriberto Correa Yepes

Heriberto Correa Yepes (August 6, 1916 – September 9, 2010) was a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Cedeño, Colombia and was ordained a priest on November 12, 1939 from the religious order of Misioneros Javerianos de Yarumal. He was appointed as prefect to the Apostolic Vicariate of Mitú, Colombia on March 27, 1953 and he resigned sometime in 1967. He was appointed to Vicar Apostolic of Buenaventura Diocese (Colombia) along with Titular bishop of Casae Nigrae on January 29, 1973 and then ordained bishop on March 27, 1973. He retired as Vicar Apostolic on November 30, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19347871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347871" title="Atypical small acinar proliferation">
Atypical small acinar proliferation

In urologic pathology, atypical small acinar proliferation, abbreviated ASAP, is a collection of small prostatic glands, on prostate biopsy, whose significance is uncertain and cannot be determined to be benign or malignant.
ASAP, generally, is "not" considered a pre-malignancy, or a carcinoma in situ; it is an expression of diagnostic uncertainty, and analogous to the diagnosis of ASCUS (atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance) on the Pap test.
Association with adenocarcinoma.
On a subsequent biopsy, given the diagnosis of ASAP, the chance of finding prostate adenocarcinoma is approximately 40%; this is higher than if there is high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (HGPIN).
Management.
ASAP is considered an indication for re-biopsy; in one survey of urologists 98% of respondents considered it a sufficient reason to re-biopsy.

</doc>
<doc id="19347878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347878" title="Liquid hydrogen trailer">
Liquid hydrogen trailer

A liquid hydrogen trailer is a trailer designed to carry cryogenic liquid hydrogen (LH2) on roads being pulled by a powered vehicle. The largest such vehicles are similar to railroad tanktainers which are also designed to carry liquefied loads. Liquid hydrogen trailers tend to be large; they are insulated. Some are semi-trailers.
History.
The U-1 semi-trailer was a liquid hydrogen trailer designed in the 1950s to carry cryogenic liquid hydrogen (LH2) on roads being pulled by a powered vehicle. It was constructed by the Cambridge Corporation and had a capacity of with a hydrogen loss rate of approximately 2 percent per day. The U-1 was a single axle semi-trailer. The specifications for its successor the U-2, a double axis semi-trailer, were issued on 15 March 1957.
Size and volume.
Liquid hydrogen trailers are referenced by their size or volume capacity. Liquid hydrogen trailers typically have capacities ranging from gross volume.

</doc>
<doc id="19347897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347897" title="Moan and Groan, Inc.">
Moan and Groan, Inc.

Moan and Groan, Inc. is a 1929 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 94th "Our Gang" short to be released.
Synopsis.
Friendly neighborhood policeman Kennedy the Cop (Edgar Kennedy) warns the gang to stay away from an old abandoned house in the neighborhood. Instead, he suggests the kids go dig for buried treasure, which they proceed to do—in the basement of the old abandoned house. The house is inhabited by a homeless lunatic (played by Jewish comedian Max Davidson in a rare, mostly non-ethnic role), who takes giddy delight in scaring the children, particularly Farina. Kennedy eventually turns up at the house to save the kids and apprehend the lunatic, but can hardly take care of himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19347911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347911" title="Luis Irizar">
Luis Irizar

Luis Irizar Zamora (born 1930 in La Havana, Cuba) is one of the founding members of the New Basque Cuisine.
Early years.
Born to parents from San Sebastián, he has always had strong ties to the city and started his career as a chef in the prestigious Hotel María Cristina. During this early period he also worked at the Hotel Azaldegui in San Sebastián, the Restaurant Royal Monceau in Paris and the Hilton in London.
The catering school years.
In 1976 Luis Irizar opened the Escuela de Hostelería del Hotel Euromar in Zarautz, then the first catering school in the Basque Country. This school over the years has produced some of the most renowned chefs of the new Basque cuisine movement in the Basque Country, amongst them Karlos Arguiñano, José Ramón Elizondo, Ramón Roteta and Pedro Subijana.
Later career.
After spells of working in Madrid and running the Restaurante Irizar, he moved back to San Sebastián, this time to found the Luis Irizar Sukaldaritza Eskola ("Luis Irizar School of Cooking") in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19347921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347921" title="Marracash">
Marracash

Bartolo Fabio Rizzo (born May 22, 1979 in Nicosia, Italy), better known by his stage name Marracash, is an Italian rapper. He is also a member of the Milan-based rap group Dogo Gang.
Biography.
Marracash has been a member of Dogo gang since the group's appearance in 2004 with its first mixtape "PMC vs. Club Dogo The Official Mixtape". In Italy, he has sometimes been referred to as "il Genio del ghetto", in English roughly "the Ghetto Genius". In 2005, Marracash released his first single, "Popolare", as a free download via internet, a song which would subsequently appear on his LP "Roccia Music". The Dogo Gang appeared on the album, however Marracash dominates most of the album.
Marracash released his self-titled debut album "Marracash" on June 13, 2008. The first single from the album, "Badabum Cha Cha", reached No.25 on the Italian Music Charts. The second single from the album, "Estate in Città", was released along with its video in early September 2008. The album itself reached No.11 on the Italian Music Charts followed by "Non Confondermi" in October 2008 and "Tutto Questo" in February 2009. On July 13, 2010, he released his new album entitled Fino a qui tutto bene, the singles released are Cani Pazzi, Stupido, Fino A Qui Tutto Bene and Rivincita with Giusy Ferreri. The album went straight to #7 in the Italian albums chart.
Marracash was featured on a bonus track from The Bloody Beetroots' debut album Romborama. The track - "Come La" - is an Italian interpretation of "Romborama's" song "Awesome".

</doc>
<doc id="19347949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347949" title="Institut des hautes études de défense nationale">
Institut des hautes études de défense nationale

The Institut des hautes études de défense nationale (fr: Institute of Advanced Studies in National Defence) is a French public institution for expertise and sensibilisation towards defence matters, founded in 1936 by Admiral Raoul Castex. It is under direct responsibility of the Prime Minister, and located in the École Militaire.
The vocation of the Institute is to train military and civilian public servants in defence matters. In 2010, the deputy director of the defense college was Robert Ranquet.

</doc>
<doc id="19347954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347954" title="David Nelson (electronic sports player)">
David Nelson (electronic sports player)

David Nelson (born January 18, 1974 in New Hampshire) is an American electronic sports player who holds world record high scores listed in the 2008 Guinness World Records-Gamer's Edition.
David Nelson has broken many world records while competing in classic arcade championships at the famous Funspot Family Fun Center in Weirs Beach, New Hampshire. As of 2008, David Nelson held more than 20 world records on arcade and console game titles.
In competitive play, Nelson took third place in the 2001 Classic Video Game World Championship.
In 2006, David Nelson won two major divisional championships at the 2006 Funspot Classic Arcade Tournament, June 1–4, 2006. He won the "Color" competition, which featured a high-score contest on 10 different titles from the 1980-1985 era and he won the "Monochrome" Division, which featured titles from the 1970s. The year before, in 2005, at Funspot, he was co-crowned the 2005 "Player of the Year", sharing the title with Michael Sao Pedro of Massachusetts.
On November 11, 2005, David Nelson was designated Team Captain of the New England Chapter of the U.S. National Video Game Team.
After years as a volunteer referee with Twin Galaxies, David Nelson was elevated to the position of Senior Referee and then, in 2008, assigned to the post of Chief Referee. Nelson was the presiding referee at the World Record Weekend competition held at the Challenge Arcade in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, September 18–21, 2008—an official event to qualify for inclusion in the Guinness World Records- Gamer's Edition.
Chronology of significant world records.
Gaming achievements that hold 1st Place in the World

</doc>
<doc id="19347962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347962" title="Wang Zhen (gymnast)">
Wang Zhen (gymnast)

Wang Zhen is a Chinese acrobatic gymnast that represented China at both the 2006 and 2004 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19347968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19347968" title="Simon Moritz Bethmann">
Simon Moritz Bethmann

Simon Moritz Bethmann (1721 – 1782) was a German merchant and banker.
Life.
Simon Moritz was born in Nassau, northwest of Frankfurt am Main, the youngest son of the identically named Nassovian administrator "Simon Moritz Bethmann" (1687–1725). Together he and his older brother Johann Philipp founded in 1748 what would become the Bethmann bank, based on the 1746 inheritance from their maternal uncle "Jakob Adami" in Frankfurt. In 1746 he and Johann Philipp purchased citizenship in Frankfurt for 800 guldens each. Their brother Johann Jakob carried on the family name in Bordeaux, where he became a merchant and shipowner.
In 1755 Simon Moritz became deacon of the "Niederländische Gemeinde Augsburgischer Confession" (= Dutch Congregation of the Augsburg Confession), a charitable institution transferred to Frankfurt in 1585 by Martinist Lutherans who had fled Antwerp's religious persecution. Together with Johann Philipp he purchased the "Basler Hof" property from the Patrizier "Johann Friedrich Maximilian von Stalburg", where the Bethmann bank maintains offices to this day.
He was married to Elisabeth Rummel, daughter of the Leipzig notable Balthasar Rummel. Noted for his good works—including a bequest of 50,000 guldens to the Frankfurt Citizens' Hospital. He died without issue at Frankfurt am Main in 1782.

</doc>
<doc id="19348004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348004" title="HD 118508">
HD 118508

HD 118508 is a variable star in the constellation Boötes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19348006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348006" title="Gulf menhaden">
Gulf menhaden

The Gulf menhaden (Brevoortia patronus) is a small marine filter feeding fish belonging to the family Clupeidae. The range of Gulf menhaden encompasses the entirety of the Gulf of Mexico nearshore waters, with the exception of the extreme eastern Yucatan and western Cuba. Evidence from morphology and DNA analyses suggest that the Gulf menhaden is the Gulf of Mexico complement to the Atlantic menhaden ("Brevoortia tyrannus"). Both species support large commercial reduction fisheries, with Gulf menhaden supporting the 2nd largest fishery, by weight, in the United States.
Range and Distribution.
The Gulf menhaden occurs throughout the Gulf of Mexico, but its distribution is patchy. The center of distribution of the species appears to be the northwest/northcentral Gulf, particularly in Louisiana and Texas where populations are very large and numerous. In the southern Gulf of Mexico the range of Gulf menhaden overlaps that of the closely related finescale menhaden ("Brevoortia gunteri"), and there is evidence for resource partitioning (a process whereby closely related species occurring in close proximity results in subtle differences in ecological niches) between these species. In the eastern Gulf, the range of Gulf menhaden overlaps that of the menhaden ("Brevoortia smithi"), and hybridization between these species has been demonstrated using morphological and DNA evidence. Gulf menhaden also may have a presence on the southern Atlantic coast of Florida, although this finding is based primarily upon DNA evidence.
General Biology.
The Gulf menhaden is a filter feeder which uses modifications of the branchial apparatus (gill arches and gill rakers) for food capture. Although they are generalist planktivores, they may specialize on particular prey sizes or types, depending upon developmental stage, as well as the presence of interspecific competitors. Spawning occurs offshore in winter (October–March). Eggs and larvae are pelagic and are carried into estuarine nursery areas via prevailing currents. As a result, migration at this stage can be lengthy, and populations of Gulf menhaden throughout the Gulf of Mexico are generally thought to comprise a single genetic stock.
The Gulf menhaden fishery.
The Gulf menhaden supports the 2nd largest fishery, by weight, in the United States, and dates to the 1800s. On average, 400-600 kilotons of Gulf menhaden are extracted and used for reduction annually, with a much smaller number being captured for use as bait. Recently the use of menhaden has come under criticism, particularly following the scathing evaluation of the industry by H. Bruce Franklin in his book entitled “The Most Important Fish in the Sea: Menhaden and America”. Scientific counterpoints to the Franklin book can be found, and there is some debate as to whether the fishery has surpassed sustainable levels. In any event, current industry landings are comparable to historical landings despite the fact that there are fewer vessels and reduction plants operating than at any other time since the peak of the industry in the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19348017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348017" title="Map Overlay and Statistical System">
Map Overlay and Statistical System

The Map Overlay and Statistical System (MOSS), is a GIS software technology. Development of MOSS began in late 1977 and was first deployed for use in 1979. MOSS represents a very early public domain, open source GIS development - predating the better known GRASS by 5 years. MOSS utilized a polygon based data structure in which point, line, and polygon features could all be stored in the same file. The user interacted with MOSS via a command line interface.
History.
In the middle 1970s, coal-mining activities required Federal agencies to evaluate the impacts of strip mine development on wildlife and wildlife habitat. They were further tasked with evaluating and making recommendations regarding habitat mitigation.
In 1976, the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) issued a Request For Proposals (RFP) for developing a Geographic Information System for environment impact and habitat mitigation studies. The scope of the project included completing a User Needs assessment, developing a GIS functional scope, evaluating existing GIS technologies, and making recommendations to the USFWS as to the appropriate course of action for the development and deployment of GIS technology. In late 1976, the contract was awarded to the Federation of Rocky Mountain States, a not for profit organization that eventually evolved into the Western Governors’ Policy Office.
For the first six months of 1977, the project team worked on two tasks: A User Needs Assessment and an Inventory of Existing GIS technology. The needs assessment involved interviewing wildlife biologists, natural resources planners, and other professionals that would be involved in wildlife habitat definition and habitat mitigation. The results of the assessment were published in the summer of 1977.
Concurrently, Carl Reed did an inventory of existing public domain and commercial GIS technology. Approximately 70 different mapping and GIS software packages were identified. Of these, 54 had enough documentation and basic required functionality to warrant further analysis in terms of matching GIS functionality against user requirements. This document is a valuable historical document as it has information and details of systems long extinct and forgotten. The evaluation resulted in the determination that no existing GIS capability provided even a fraction of the functional capability required to meet user needs. Therefore, the decision was made to design and program a new interactive GIS application that used existing publicly available software whenever possible.
Using the user requirements as the design driver, the design of MOSS began during the summer of 1977. Once the group agreed on the design, programming started. The development environment was a CDC mainframe running the Kronos operating system. Fortran IV was the development language. Graphics presentation and code development was done on a Tektronix 4010. Initial programming was completed in 1978
In 1978, MOSS was used in a Pilot Project in 1978 totest the validity of using the new MOSS software in a real world FWS habitat mitigation project. The pilot project used vector and raster map data digitized from USGS base maps, from aerial imagery, and maps provided by other agencies. The Pilot project was successful and allowed additional enhancements and bug fixes to be accomplished for deploying MOSS for production use.
By 1979, a user accessible version of MOSS was available on the CDC mainframe. In late 1979, the FWS purchased a Data General computer (AOS Operating System) and required MOSS to be ported from the CDC mainframe to the DG minicomputer. This work was completed in the summer of 1980.
By the middle of 1980, the MOSS software suite was ready for production use. Once installed, operational, and properly documented at the WELUT facility in Fort Collins Colorado, an extensive technology transfer and training acvtivity began. Within a few years, numerous other Federal agencies were using MOSS for a variety of projects. By 1983, MOSS was being used in the Bureau of Indian Affairs, multiple "Bureau of Land Management" State Offices, the Bureau of Reclamation, National Park Service, US Army Engineering Topographic Labs, Fish and Wildlife Service, and numerous State, Local and University organizations. The first MOSS Users Workshop was held in 1983 and had about 30 attendees. The second users workshop was held in Denver in 1984 with almost 150 attendees.
Architecture.
MOSS allowed the user to store both vector and raster in the same geospatial database. The vector data could be points, lines, or polygons. MOSS utilized what at the time was referred to as a "full polygon" representation. In a full polygon representation, each polygon vertex shared with another polygon. Polygons could have islands (holes). Raster data were stored as pixels. The early versions of MOSS only allowed up to 32,000 coordinate pairs per line or polygon feature. This was due to Fortran array addressing issues. Raster images could be no larger than 32,000 pixels per row. Each map in a MOSS database could have up to 32,000 features. There was no limit on the number of maps in the database. Each map had a map header that contained a variety of metadata, such as the coordinate reference system (projection), date of creation, owner, data of last update, description, and so forth. Metadata was "searchable".

</doc>
<doc id="19348019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348019" title="William Perkins (cricketer)">
William Perkins (cricketer)

William Perkins (born 8 October 1986 in Barbados) is a West Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman who occasionally plays as wicketkeeper.
Perkins first came to prominence playing for the West Indies in the 2006 Under-19 Cricket World Cup, where he scored 133 from 150 balls in a victory against the United States, an innings that won him the man of the match award. His performances in the tournament earned him a Twenty20 debut for Trinidad and Tobago in the Stanford 20/20 tournament. In his first match, he scored 53 from 28 balls in an eight-wicket win. He subsequently made his first-class debut in January 2007.
Continued domestic success in Twenty20 cricket – in his first nine games, he averaged more than 40 at an strike rate of over 125 – earned him a place in the West Indies team for a Twenty20 International against Australia. Opening the innings in a match shortened to eleven overs per side, he scored 9 in a seven-wicket victory.
Having helped Trinidad and Tobago to victory in the Stanford 20/20, scoring an unbeaten half-century in the final, Perkins was included in the initial squad for the team to face England in the Stanford Super Series for a collective prize of $20 million and attended a training camp, but did not make the final squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19348020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348020" title="Pilot (Fringe)">
Pilot (Fringe)

The pilot episode of the television series "Fringe" premiered on the Fox network on September 9, 2008. The pilot was written by series creators J.J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman, and Roberto Orci, and directed by Alex Graves. The episode introduces the character Olivia Dunham, portrayed by Anna Torv, an FBI special agent drawn into the world of applied fringe science. John Noble portrays Dr. Walter Bishop, a scientist formerly incarcerated in a mental institution for over seventeen years. Joshua Jackson plays his son, Peter, who is hired by Olivia to assist with Walter's work. 
Although the pilot was set in and around Boston, filming occurred in Toronto, Canada. The episode cost $10 million to produce, making it one of the most expensive pilots in television history. The pilot was leaked online three months prior to its broadcast on television. There was speculation that it was leaked deliberately to increase interest in the program; however, this was denied by executive producer Bryan Burk. The episode was generally well received by critics, and was watched by 9.13 million American viewers on its premiere. 
It is noted that the pilot is actually two episodes, running together for 81 minutes and counted as only one (episode) by the creators and fans.
Plot.
A man on an international flight injects himself with an insulin pen, which releases a biological agent that quickly kills everyone aboard by causing their flesh to crystallize. The airplane's autopilot system lands the plane at Boston's Logan Airport, where various federal agencies create a task force to investigate what occurred during the flight. F.B.I. Special Agent Olivia Dunham (Torv) and her partner, Agent Scott (Mark Valley), are together in bed at a motel, where Scott says that he loves her. Dunham receives a call from her boss Charlie Francis (Kirk Acevedo), who tells her to head to the airport. Dunham is added to the interagency task force headed by Phillip Broyles (Lance Reddick). 
Following a tip, Dunham and Scott are sent to a storage facility where they uncover a biochemical laboratory, which explodes when detonated by a suspect they are chasing. Scott is affected by the chemicals released in the explosion, and is placed into an artificial coma to slow the progression of the chemical reaction. While investigating a possible cure to Scott's condition, Dunham blackmails Peter Bishop (Jackson) to gain access to his father Dr. Walter Bishop (John Noble), whose top-secret work at Harvard in "fringe science" resulted in him being sent to a mental institution. Dunham manages to release Walter from the institution; however, he becomes enraged when he discovers his laboratory in Harvard has been shut down. Broyles reopens the laboratory, where Dunham transfers Scott's body. To identify the man from the storage facility, Walter synchronizes Dunham's brainwaves with the comatose Scott's so that she can read his mind. Walter claims that syncing brainwaves, and even reanimating the dead, can be accomplished up to six hours after death. With the help of Dunham's assistant, federal agent Astrid Farnsworth (Jasika Nicole), the experiment succeeds. Dunham identifies the man in Scott's memory, Morgan Steig, as a passenger on the plane. The team learns Steig's twin brother, Richard Steig, was an employee of Massive Dynamic, a company founded by William Bell, Walter's old lab partner. 
Dunham goes to Massive Dynamic headquarters and meets with executive director Nina Sharp (Blair Brown), who agrees to give her all the information on Steig. The suspect is arrested and initially refuses to provide a list of the ingredients present in the toxin, but Peter's threat of exposing him to the chemicals causes him to reveal the ingredients. The information provides a cure for Scott. The suspect reveals that he did not sell his chemicals, but was forced into what he did by someone from Dunham's office. The suspect leads Dunham to a buried tape recording of his phone conversations about the chemicals and the attack, where Dunham realizes that Scott was involved with the attack from the beginning. While she races back to the hospital, Scott awakens and kills the suspect. He is chased by Dunham, but crashes his car and is mortally wounded. Before he dies, Scott asks Dunham why Broyles would send her to investigate the storage units in the first place. Dunham convinces the Bishops to stay and help her with her new work, which Broyles describes as a task force to investigate events related to "the pattern". Elsewhere, Scott's dead body is brought to a Massive Dynamic high-tech lab, where Sharp orders that Scott be interrogated, since he has only been dead for five hours.
Production.
Co-creator J.J. Abrams' inspiration for "Fringe" came from a range of sources, including the writings of Michael Crichton, the Ken Russell film "Altered States", and the television series "The X-Files" and "The Twilight Zone". The specific story for "Fringe" was developed during long conversations between series creators Abrams, Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman. The team was discussing several different options, and the idea behind "Fringe" appealed to them most because it contained a long-term story and characters' backstories which were not "evident but alluded to in the pilot". The team spent a lot of time thinking about the "trifecta of characters" that they needed to have in the series, and why there were uniquely interesting. The creators decided on the idea of a father-son story because it was compelling and accessible, "you don't necessarily have to know anything about science, because everyone has a parent and everyone has issues with a parent. And I think for us it's always about coming into it through character". Orci stated that the series is a combination of a procedural and an "extremely serialized and very culty" series, quoting as examples of each, "Law & Order" and "Lost".
The first actors cast in the pilot were Kirk Acevedo and Mark Valley in mid January 2008. John Noble and Lance Reddick were next to be cast, although it was incorrectly believed that Tomas Arana had been cast in Reddick's role. This was followed by the casting of Anna Torv, Blair Brown and Jasika Nicole. Abrams said that Torv was cast because she was a combination of "sophistication, great talent, amazing looks and a complexity that is the key to the character being an interesting central character". Kurtzman felt that she was someone "you want to spend time with", which was critical to a series about science. Joshua Jackson was the last series regular to be cast. Jackson auditioned for the role of James T. Kirk in Abrams' "Star Trek" and believed this is what impressed the producer to cast him in his television project. According to Abrams, Jackson's casting was "very last minute". 
While the pilot was set in and around Boston, production was set in Toronto, Canada. The episode cost $10 million to produce, making it one of the most expensive pilots in television history. Following the pilot's filming, production for the series moved to New York. The producers were forced to hire a new cow for the remainder of the season because they were not allowed to travel the original cow from Canada to New York. Production team members noted that they were prepared to paint new cows if viewers noted the differences in spots.
Three months prior to its broadcast, an incomplete version of the pilot was released through BitTorrent clients, fueling speculation that it was leaked deliberately to increase interest in the program. Executive producer Burk denied the claims, saying that "we hate putting anything out there until it's done, and that's really the reason why you guys didn't get any advance copies". Abrams said that while the production crew "freaked out" about the leak, he was pleased that the "response has been much more positive than not, especially for something that wasn't completed yet". The broadcast version of the pilot had new scenes added while other scenes were removed; Abrams also said that there was "tightening and moving some moments here and there", and the ending was entirely different. Burk also stated that the composer, Michael Giacchino, had not finished his score at the time of the leak, and the most of the featured music was temp music. A variation of a piece of Giacchino's music called "Hollywood and Vines" used in the pilot was originally featured on "Lost", as it was created for that show, also created by Abrams.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Pilot" was watched by 9.13 million American viewers, with ratings improving over the course of the episode. The episode garnered a 3.2/9 Nielsen ratings in the key 18–49 year-old demographic, and was the 12th most watched series of the week. The 3.2 refers to 3.2% of all people of ages 18–49 years old in the U.S., and the 9 refers to 9% of all people of ages 18–49 years old watching television at the time of the broadcast in the U.S. The pilot officially premiered at the 2008 Television Critics Association tour, where it received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
Reviews.
Metacritic gave the episode a Metascore—a weighted average based on the impressions of a select 25 critical reviews—of 67, signifying generally favorable reviews. Barry Garron of "Hollywood Reporter" found it promising because "it is reminiscent of better-of-the-sexes charm". "USA Today"s Robert Bianco said, "what Abrams brings to "Fringe" is a director's eye for plot and pace, a fan's love of sci-fi excitement, and a story-teller's gift for investing absurd events with real emotions and relatable characters." Travis Fickett of IGN gave the pilot 7.6 out of 10, calling it "a lackluster pilot that promises to be a pretty good series". Tim Goodman of "San Francisco Chronicle" remarked that despite "some flaws in it—mostly from a clash of tones—it still overdelivers on creativity, creepiness, fine acting and burgeoning character development". "Chicago Sun-Times" Misha Davenport called it an "update of "The X-Files" with the addition of terrorism and the office of Homeland Security. 
John Doyle of "The Globe and Mail" called the pilot "splendidly made". However, Doyle considered the instance of Torv stripping to a bikini "indulgent", and questioned the wisdom of making "her body an object of scrutiny" in the first episode. Matthew Gilbert of "Boston Globe" wrote that "after the electrifying start, "Fringe" unfolds as an uneven, unwieldy piece of work that provides very few chills and thrills". "LA Weekly"s Robert Abele found "Fringe" is "a smorgasbord of a show, but one a little too synthetically engineered to allow you the chance to discover what it is". John Leonard of "New York" was skeptical of the premise and storyline, but found Torv "wonderfully played" her character. Heather Havrilesky of Salon.com felt the plot was too over-the-top, and described Abrams as "the ultimate boyish idiot-savant imaginator... He can't exercise a little self-restraint".
The pilot episode was negatively received by the conservative "family values" advocacy group Parents Television Council, who named the show the worst of the week and denounced the "excessive violence and gore".

</doc>
<doc id="19348034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348034" title="Ignacy Tokarczuk">
Ignacy Tokarczuk

Ignacy Tokarczuk (February 1, 1918–December 29, 2012) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Tokarczuk was born in Łubianki Wyższe near Tarnopol. He was ordained a priest by Bishop Eugeniusz Baziak in Lvov on June 21, 1942. On December 2, 1965, he was appointed a Bishop of the Diocese of Przemyśl, and was consecrated by Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński on February 6, 1966. On June 2, 1991, Tokarczuk was bestowed a personal title of archbishop by John Paul II. On March 25, 1992, he became a metropolitan Archbishop of Przemyśl. As the Bishop of Przemysl, he was known for building a great number of churches in his diocese despite the lack of having permission to build from the communist authorities. It is said that he has erected nearly 430 churches during his tenure as a bishop. He was also a great supporter of the Solidarity movement. For his uncompromising stance in the defense of the institution of the Catholic Church in the People's Republic of Poland, he was repeatedly harassed by the Polish Security Service. Tokarczuk retired from the Archdiocese of Przemyśl on April 17, 1993 and was succeed by Archbishop Józef Michalik.
Tokarczuk was also a recipient of the Order of White Eagle, and from 2007 to 2009, he was a member of the Grand Chapter of the Order.

</doc>
<doc id="19348037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348037" title="Strongman Champions League">
Strongman Champions League

$
The Strongman Champions League is a strongman competition circuit, with several grand prix events throughout the year and the Strongman Champions League overall champion title going to the overall winner at the end of the season. The competitors include some of the top athletes in the sport, including Žydrūnas Savickas, Krzysztof Radzikowski, Travis Ortmayer, Nick Best, Mikhail Koklyaev, Ervin Katona, Andrus Murumets, Laurence Shahlaei, Vytautas Lalas and Terry Hollands. Initially in close partnership with IFSA, it quickly asserted its independence and has acted as a unifying force in the world of strength athletics, bringing together athletes from IFSA with those affiliated to the World's Strongest Man circuit, and having close cooperation with other major events such as Fortissimus. In 2012, SCL began co-promoting the new Arnold Strongman Classic-Europe contest which will become part of the annual SCL season of events.
History.
The Strongman Champions League was developed by Ilkka Kinnunen and Marcel Mostert, longtime strongman promoters, with major contests to their credit worldwide, and was launched in 2008. Kinnunen & Mostert described SCL as "a new episode in strongman".
"A complete series of 10–12 competitions, that will take place all over the world, but most of the competitions will be held in Europe. The very best champions, referees and their organizers will be the guarantee of a great new, fresh excitement in Strongman sport. The competition venues are the best which each country can offer and it will include the country's own traditional elements." As well as citing that all points will be accumulated for a Champions League Winner at the end of the year, the organisers also explicitly stated that ""Rules will be done officially as and that ""The top 3 will be directly placed in the World Championships"". Mostert also said "All together we think that this is a perfect platform of competitions that will lead to another great World Championship.".
Thus, IFSA were inextricably linked at the inception of the league. IFSA, however, were in reportedly dire financial straits towards the end of that year. By December, Mostert distanced the league from the ailing governing body and explicitly said that the Strongman Champions League had nothing to do with IFSA. He told IronMind "We have our own logo, we have our own brand, we do our own competitions." Its own website was launched shortly afterwards.
The league organisers had originally reported that Champions League competitions "will be televised and spread all over the world and they released a list of venues that had been organised in advance. In the harsh economic climate of 2008, the league was not immune to the effects, and the league did have to cancel some venues, but unlike with the IFSA, the vast majority of the competitions still took place. In 2008, the SCL had 45 top strength athletes competing, representing more than 20 countries.
Fortissimus Cooperation.
In 2008 Paul Ohl stated that the Strongman Champions League was one of three organisations that had made an agreement with Fortissimus in order to unite the world strength community, the others being the American Strongman Corporation, and the Aussiepower organization. Within the agreement, Fortissimus, the competition that confers the title of "Strongest Man on the Planet", guaranteed that the winner of the America's Strongest Man title would be granted a slot in Fortissimus from 2009, as would the winner of the Australia's Strongest Man title. The agreement with the Strongman Champions League went further, stating that the top three athletes would have guaranteed places and in return the top Canadian athletes would have guaranteed selected participation in the Champions League. This later went further, guaranteeing the SCL its top five athletes would have places. The agreement was reemphasised in a joint statement from Marcel Mostert and Paul Ohl in early 2009.
2009 and links with WSM.
The 2009 programme was planned with ten major contests on schedule. In addition, feeder contests were introduced, one happening in Spain in December 2008 and a further event in Germany called the FIBO Strongman Classic in April 2009. The best two athletes from this FIBO classic 2009 edition were guaranteed into the Champions League, and it was postulated that this German event would be promoted to full SCL status in 2010.
The Strongman Champions League importantly made further progress in acting as a fundamental part of a unifying movement for world strength athletics by making plans to help get its athletes to the 2009 World's Strongest Man contest. Mostert stated that ""The top 5 SCL athletes will have places in the Giants Live tour for qualifying at World's Strongest Man (WSM) 2009"". In addition, he also stated that wild cards for the WSM will include SCL athletes. He went on to say that ""Finally we made it all possible again that all the athletes have chances to qualify for the WSM, which means in my opinion the WSM will have the strongest field ever in her history!"". He went on to thank TWI/IMG and Giants Live for their part in making these possibilities. This was groundbreaking because for a number of years prior to this, the athletes under the IFSA had been banned by the federation from entering WSM (since the IFSA fell out of favour with TWI). Likewise, the athletes invited to participate in WSM were not invited to participate in IFSA events. Some competitions bridged the divide, such as the Arnold Strongman Classic and more recently Fortissimus, but neither had the history or gravitas, or indeed popular appeal of the iconic World's Strongest Man. The IFSA athletes, with the demise of the IFSA finances, almost all competed in SCL from 2008. This deal, along with the Fortissimus deal before it, united storngman in a way it had not been since 2004.
The 2009 season began properly on 9 May, with the Strongman Champions League Serbia. Finland followed on 16 May, with Slovakia and the Netherlands in June.
Results.
2009.
2009 Qualifiers.
The Strongman Champions League introduced qualifying competitions for 2009. From these competitions, the top two were guaranteed places in the SCL. The first qualifier was run in Los Barrios, Spain. The second was the FIBO Classic in Germany.
SCL North American Championships.
In 2012, SCL announced the first ever SCL North American Championships to be held in Warwick Ontario, Canada from July 5–8, 2012. The contest took place over 4 days and consisted of 10 events, with athletes from USA and Canada, with 5 athletes from each country. The event was organized by SCL in association with the Festival Hommes Forts-Warwick along with co-organizer Jean Fréchette. The event also featured an amateur, semi-pro and a strongwoman competition.
2012.
Dates: July 5–8, 2012
Warwick, Quebec, Canada 
2013.
Dates: July 5–7, 2013
Warwick, Quebec, Canada 
105kg Strongman World Championships.
The 105 kg Strongman World Championships was created by Ilkka Kinnunen and Marcel Mostert, the founders of the Strongman Champions League in 2004. The contest includes only athletes weighing 105 kg (231 lbs.) and under, and SCL has stated that it intends to hold the 105 kg Strongman World Championships every 2 years.
2007.
In 2007 the World Championships were held in China, with 17 athletes from 16 different countries participated in the event. The competitions consisted of 10 events over the course of 1 week.
Dates: December 2007
China 
2009.
In 2009 and 2010 the contest was held in Kiev, Ukraine during the same weekend as the SCL Finals, with co-organizers Vladimir & Olena Kiba from the Ukrainian Federation of Strength Athletes (UFSA).
Dates: November 14, 2009
Kiev, Ukraine 
2010.
Dates: December 18, 2010
Kiev, Ukraine 
World Log Lift Championships.
In its inaugural year, the Strongman Champions League introduced the World Log Lift Championships. The event had been a staple of strongman competitions since the early 1980s. Beginning with the 1980 World's Strongest Man contest, Bill Kazmaier hoisted 157 kg to win the event and set a world record. Over eight years Kazmaier increased the record to 170 kg. Jamie Reeves, winner of the 1989 World's Strongest Man contest, managed 177 kg in 1989, and 180 kg at the 1992 World Mighty Man contest in Johannesburg, South Africa.
It was ten years before 2001 World's Strongest Man winner Svend Karlsen set a new record of 185 kg at the Strongman Super Series event in Sweden. In 2003, Hugo Girard set a new record at the Strongman Super Series event in Canada with 186 kg. In 2004, Zydrunas Savickas set a new record of 188 kg, and Raimunds Bergmanis brought the record up to 190 kg at the Strongman Super Series event in Moscow.
Zydrunas Savickas began his long reign over the log lift world record starting in 2005, bringing it up to 200 kg in Hungary, and then again at the 2005 IFSA European Championships in Riga, Latvia with 202.5 kg. Savickas set another new record in 2006, bringing it up to 205 kg.
In 2008 Savickas broke the record twice more, with marks of 207.5 kg and 210 kg. Savickas set yet another world record of 212.5 kg at the 2009 Log Lift World Championships.
Zydrunas set another world record of 215 kg, set at the 2011 SCL Finals in Sarajevo, Bosnia on Feb. 7, 2012, and another world record of 216 kg by Savickas and was set at the 2012 Europe's Strongest Man contest in Leeds, England on June 23, 2012. Savickas set yet another world record of 217.5 kg at the SCL Holland event in Zevenaar, the Netherlands on June 30, 2012.
Savickas' final world record in 2012 of 220 kg was set during the finals of the 2012 World's Strongest Man contest which he eventually won, marking his third WSM title. This marked Savickas' tenth consecutive log lift world record.
In 2013, Savickas set another world record at the 2013 Europe's Strongest Man in Leeds, England with a lift of 221 kg. The current world record was set by Savickas at the 2013 Log Lift World Championships with a lift of 222.5 kg.
2008.
Zydrunas Savickas entered the 2008 Log Lift World Championships as the clear favorite, and intended to set a new record with 212.5 kg. Savickas' competitors included Mikhail Koklyaev, Ervin Katona, Sebastian Wenta, Oleksandr Lashyn, Tobias Ide, Agris Kazelniks, Oleksandr Pekanaov, Krzysztof Radzikowski and Saulius Brusokas.
The competition, held in Lithuania, saw each lift judged by three officials similar to Powerlifting and Olympic Weightlifting. The referees were Strongman Champions League founders Ilkka Kinnunen, Marcel Mostert and Latvian weighlifter Viktors Ščerbatihs, who had won the bronze medal in the +105 kg superheavyweight class at the recent Beijing Olympics. One of the strongest contenders, Oleksandr Pekanov, who had a personal best of 190 kg missed his opener of 180 kg three times. However, a number of other athletes came away with personal records, and two National Records were set. Zydrunas Savickas missed his world record attempt of 212.5 kg, but won the championships with his lift of 200 kg.
2009.
The championships took place in Kaunas, Lithuania on November 21, 2009.
2010.
The Log Lift Championships were not held in 2010, and was moved up to February 2011 to kick off the 2011 season of SCL.
2011.
The 2011 World Log Lift Championships were held in Siemens Arena in Vilnius, Lithuania on Feb. 12, 2011 to kick off the 2011 SCL season. Key competitors were reigning champion Zydrunas Savickas, Vidas Blekaitis and Vytautas Lalas who finished in the top 3 places respectively, with Zavickas winning his 3rd straight log lift title. There were 12 athletes in total, 3 athletes failed their opening weight on all 3 attempts.
The event was broadcast live on Eurosport.
2012.
The 2012 World Log Lift Championships were held in Siemens Arena in Vilnius, Lithuania on Sunday Oct. 7, 2012. The contest took place in the same venue and during the same weekend as the first annual SCL Savickas Classic contest.
2013.
The 2013 World Log Lift Championships were held in Siemens Arena in Vilnius, Lithuania on Saturday Oct. 19, 2013. Savickas set a new world record with a lift of 222.5 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19348042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348042" title="Sascha Schneider">
Sascha Schneider

Rudolph Karl Alexander Schneider, commonly known as Sascha Schneider (21 September 1870 – 18 August 1927), was a German painter and sculptor.
Biography.
Schneider was born in Saint Petersburg in 1870. During his childhood his family lived in Zürich, but following the death of his father, Schneider, moved to Dresden, where in 1889 he became a student at the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts (Kreuzgymnasium). In 1903 he met best-selling author Karl May, and subsequently became the cover illustrator of a number of May's books including "Winnetou", "Old Surehand", "Am Rio de la Plata". A year later in 1904, Schneider was appointed professor at the "Großherzoglich-Sächsische Kunstschule Weimar".
During this period Schneider lived together with painter Hellmuth Jahn. Jahn began blackmailing Schneider by threatening to expose his homosexuality, which was punishable under § 175 of the penal code. Schneider fled to Italy, where homosexuality was not criminalized at that time. In Italy, Schneider met painter Robert Spies, with whom he traveled through the Caucasus Mountains. He then traveled back to Germany, where he lived for six months in Leipzig before returning to Italy, where he resided in Florence. When the First World War started, Schneider returned to Germany again, taking up residence in Hellerau (near Leipzig). After 1918, he co-founded an institute called "Kraft-Kunst" for body building. Some of the models for his art works trained here.
Schneider, who suffered from diabetes mellitus, suffered a diabetic seizure during a ship voyage in the vicinity of Swinemünde. As a result he collapsed and died in 1927 in Swinemünde. He was buried in Loschwitz Cemetery, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19348043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348043" title="Mas hysteria">
Mas hysteria

Mas Hysteria is the third album by rock singer and guitarist Carolyne Mas. This album was recorded live at "My Father's Place" Long Island. You can download the complete tracks of the radio session (70 min) from the website of Carolyne Mas.

</doc>
<doc id="19348045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348045" title="Syracuse University Alma Mater">
Syracuse University Alma Mater

The Syracuse University Alma Mater is the school song for Syracuse University, a private research university located in Syracuse, New York, United States. It was written by Junius W. Stevens in 1893, and is based on the then-popular song Annie Lisle. It was first sung under the title "Song of Syracuse" by the University Glee and Banjo Club on March 15, 1893. The song includes three verses, but only the first verse is commonly sung.
Alma mater.
According to the 1997-1998 "Syracuse University Student Handbook", author Junius W. Stevens recalled "while I was walking home across the city an idea for the song came to me. I had often noticed how the setting sun lighted up the walls of Crouse College long after dusk had fallen over the city and valley. As I walked through the empty streets, the words of a song took shape in my mind. By the time I reached home, the song was finished."
Fight song.
The university also has a fight song entitled "Down the Field," commonly played after SU scores in athletic matches.
References.
1. lyrics - http://maps.thefullwiki.org/Syracuse_University_Alma_Mater

</doc>
<doc id="19348051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348051" title="Marracash (album)">
Marracash (album)

Marracash is the self-titled debut album by Italian-based singer Marracash. It was released on 13 June 2008 in Italy, where its peak position was #11. The album was produced by Don Joe & Deleterio and the featured guests are J Ax, Club Dogo, Vincenzo da Via Anfossi e i Co'Sang. The first single from the album, "Badabum Cha Cha", reached a peak of #25 on FIMI.
Chart performance.
The album has been listed for 12 weeks on the Italy Albums Top 50. It entered the chart on position 14 on week 25 of 2008, its last appearance was on week 36 of 2008. It peaked on number 11, where it stayed for 1 week.

</doc>
<doc id="19348055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348055" title="Newcastle United Independent Supporters Association">
Newcastle United Independent Supporters Association

The Newcastle United Independent Supporters Association is a group associated with Newcastle United F.C. (NUFC) football club of England.
Through its chairman Frank Gilmore, a local pub manager, the group has been quoted in the press with regards to events at NUFC since 2002, on matter such as television coverage, the off field behaviour of player Craig Bellamy, an on pitch brawl between NUFC players Kieron Dyer and Lee Bowyer the sacking of manager Graeme Souness and the concerns of club chairman Mike Ashley over safety fears after fan protests following the resignation of manager Kevin Keegan.

</doc>
<doc id="19348060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348060" title="Troopergate">
Troopergate

Troopergate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19348075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348075" title="Jim Kirby (baseball)">
Jim Kirby (baseball)

James Herschel Kirby (May 5, 1923 – July 17, 2009) was a pinch-hitter in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago Cubs during the season. Listed at , 175 lb., Kirby batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee.
Kirby began his career in the minor leagues in 1942, but missed the next three years due to military service. Returning to baseball action in 1946 he played until 1958, compiling 13 years of Post-World War II, including another nine and a half seasons after being drafted by the Cubs in the 1948 rule 5 draft.
In three major league games, Kirby had one hit in two at-bats for a .500 career batting average.
Kirby died in his home town of Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="19348083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348083" title="Joseph Nourse">
Joseph Nourse

Joseph Nourse (London, England, 16 July 1754 - Washington D.C., 1841) was the first United States Register of the Treasury whose career spanned forty years and six presidential administrations. He played a key role in administering the finances of the new Republic.
Nourse first served during the American Revolution as military secretary to General Charles Lee. He returned for a short time to his family's farm in Berkeley County, Virginia (now West Virginia). He settled in Philadelphia in 1779, where he served as Assistant Auditor General for the Board of Treasury. He was elected Register in 1781, where he assumed responsibility for keeping the financial records and accounts of the new government. He also authenticated each piece of Continental currency by personally signing it.
In 1800, he moved with the federal government from Philadelphia to the City of Washington. He purchased a residence in the Georgetown area, first at 3101 P Street and later acquired Cedar Hill (as Dumbarton House was historically named) in 1804. As Register of the Treasury, he worked closely with four administrations and early political leaders of the new nations.
When Andrew Jackson was elected President in 1829, Joseph Nourse was forced from office.

</doc>
<doc id="19348087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348087" title="Transnet Racing">
Transnet Racing

Transnet Racing is a stock car racing team that currently competes in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. The team is a Minority Business Enterprise principally owned by Venezuelan driver Alex García. 
Transnet Racing's shop is located in Morrow, Georgia, just south of Atlanta. The facility primarily houses the team's NASCAR Nationwide Series program, as well as their Late Model and show car program.
History.
Transnet Racing was founded by Venezuelan driver Alex García and his father Juan, with the goal of participating at the highest levels of U.S. racing and providing a platform for young and skilled drivers looking to compete on an international stage. Initially an open wheel race team, Transnet Racing first participated in Formula Vee, Formula Ford, and Formula Ford 200 racing. The Hispanic-owned team made its Atlantic Championship debut in 2002 with Alex García behind the wheel, making 22 starts by 2003.
The team expanded to a two-car effort for the 2004 season with Jonathan Bomarito piloting the #8 Dixien/OmniSource Swift 014. Transnet Racing made 13 starts and experienced tremendous success during 2004, including earning the team’s first podium finish at Portland, but decided to part ways with the series mid-season.
Transition To Stock Car Racing.
In 2005 the team began to experiment with stock car racing, competing in NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division races while at the same time moving into a new purpose-built shop in Morrow, Georgia. While Transnet Racing announced its return to the ChampCar Atlantic Championship after a one year break, it still pursued stock car racing, participating in the ARCA RE/MAX Series event at Salem Speedway in September 2006.
In December 2006 Transnet Racing announced that it would begin competing in the NASCAR Nationwide Series with Alex García driving the #98 Dixien/OmniSource Chevrolet. The team ran part-time schedules in the series in 2007 and 2008, participating in several historic road course events, including the inaugural NAPA Auto Parts 200 at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Quebec, in 2007, the last NASCAR Nationwide Series race at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez, (2008) and the 2008 race at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, in which teams competed in the rain for the first time in a NASCAR points event. García also became the first Venezuelan driver to compete in one of NASCAR's premier series when he debuted at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in March 2007.
NASCAR Nationwide Series.
Car #98 History.
The No. 98 Chevrolet Monte Carlo first raced in the Telcel Motorola Mexico 200 at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City on March 4, 2007. Rookie driver Alex García piloted the car, with sponsorship from Dixien Automotive Stampings and OmniSource for three races in the 2007 season, earning a top finishing position of 23rd. In 2008, Alex García continued to drive the 98 machine, participating in the road course races in Mexico City and Montreal.
After two part-time seasons, the team plans to run the 98 full-time in the Nationwide Series in 2009 with Alex García behind the wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="19348090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348090" title="Boechera hoffmannii">
Boechera hoffmannii

Boechera hoffmannii (formerly "Arabis hoffmannii") is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Hoffmann's rockcress. It is endemic to the Channel Islands of California, where it is known from only three or four populations on two of the eight islands. A 2005 report estimated a remaining global population of 244 individual plants. It is a federally listed endangered species. 
This is a perennial herb producing one or more erect stems from a scaly, hairy caudex. The stems reach a maximum height between 50 and 70 centimeters and branch near the top. Leaves are densely clustered around the caudex in a basal rosette. They are lance-shaped, leathery with hairy undersides, and up to 10 centimeters long. There are more widely spaced leaves along the stem which are 3 to 6 centimeters long. The inflorescence bears many white or purple flowers with thick, dark sepals. The fruit is a tough, hairless silique up to 10 centimeters long containing 2 rows of seeds. 
The main threats to the existence of this rare plant are grazing and erosion caused by feral pigs and competition by invasive grasses. The populations of this plant are also slow to reproduce. They are monocarpic, with each individual living for a few years, fruiting once, and then dying, and each population has relatively few actively reproducing individuals in any given year.

</doc>
<doc id="19348126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348126" title="1997 ATP Tour">
1997 ATP Tour

The ATP Tour is the elite tour for professional tennis organised by the ATP. The ATP Tour includes the four Grand Slam tournaments, the Tennis Masters Cup, the ATP Masters Series, the International Series Gold and the International Series tournaments.
Schedule.
The tables below summarise the results for the 1997 ATP Tour.
Statistical information.
List of players and singles titles won:
Titles won by nation:
The following players won their first career title:

</doc>
<doc id="19348127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348127" title="Cathedral of Blessed Mother Teresa in Pristina">
Cathedral of Blessed Mother Teresa in Pristina

The Cathedral of Blessed Mother Teresa in Pristina () in Pristina, Kosovo is a Roman Catholic cathedral being constructed. In 2007 the Government of Kosovo approved plans for the building. The church's foundation was ceremonially laid by former Kosovo president Ibrahim Rugova, himself a Muslim. It is dedicated to Blessed Mother Teresa.
Upon the cathedral's completion, the diocese covering Kosovo will move from Prizren to Pristina. The cathedral will be one of Pristina's tallest buildings when it is complete.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19348156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348156" title="Rescue of Leningrad Jewish children in Beslenei">
Rescue of Leningrad Jewish children in Beslenei

The rescue of Leningrad Jewish children in Beslenei occurred in August, 1942, in aul of Beslenei, Cherkess Autonomous Oblast, Russian SFSR, USSR, when the local Circassian villagers adopted evacuated children from Leningrad orphanage, the most of whom were Jewish, and managed to forge documents with the purpose to prove Nazis that the children are of local descent. 
The orphanage, placed on the Malaya Okhta was evacuated in April, 1942 to Armavir by the Road of Life on the Ladoga's ice. However, in August German offensive reached Caucasus, and it was decided to evacuate the orphanage to Abkhazia via Teberda and Caucasus Range. 
When carts with weakened children entered Beslenei, 40 km west from Cherkessk, the locals, fearing that the children could not survive the transfer via the range, offered to adopt them, especially whom other villagers avoided to adopt due to possible punishment by the Nazis, i.e. Jews.
The local selsoviet chairman Sagid Shovgenov and kolkhoz chairman Khusin Lakhov arranged a meeting, where they decided to adopt 36 children and distribute food reserves among the adoptive parents. They also forged all documents in the village, referring to the adoptive families, as well as all documents of the children. 
Soon, the Germans broke the front and occupied the territory. They met the evacuating orphanage in Teberda and massacred them. They got to know, that some of children stayed in Beslenei and managed to reveal them. However, due to the forgery of all documents and activity of the village elder Murzabek Okhtov, who agreed to be appointed by the Nazis in the purpose to save the children, nobody was discovered. Okhtov managed to convince local German administration, that the denunciations, reporting about children were false. During the five month occupation only one teenager was lost, as he was accused in encroachment of the German soldier's life.
After the Germans retreated, Okhtov was accused in collaboration by the Soviet authority. However, after two weeks of investigation he was liberated.
The majority of children were sent to Stalingrad orphanage, however some of them stayed in Beslenei.

</doc>
<doc id="19348170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348170" title="1967–68 Coupe de France">
1967–68 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1967–68 season. AS Saint-Étienne won the final played on May 12, 1968, beating Girondins de Bordeaux.
Semi-finals.
Replay

</doc>
<doc id="19348174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348174" title="Mr. 12 String Guitar">
Mr. 12 String Guitar

Mr. 12 String Guitar is an instrumental folk album featuring the 12 string guitar of American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1966 (see 1966 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19348180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348180" title="Dyckman">
Dyckman

Dyckman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19348190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348190" title="Lezgic languages">
Lezgic languages

The Lezgic languages are one of seven branches of the Northeast Caucasian language family. Lezgian and Tabasaran are literary languages.
The voicing of ejective consonants.
The Lezgic languages are relevant to the glottalic theory of Indo-European, as several have undergone the voicing of ejectives that has been postulated but widely derided as improbable in that family. The correspondences have not been well worked out (Rutul is inconsistent in the examples), but a few examples are: 
A similar change has taken place in non-initial position in the Nakh languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19348199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348199" title="Los Olimareños">
Los Olimareños

Los Olimareños was a Uruguayan musical group, formed by Pepe Guerra and Braulio López in 1962. The group enjoyed international success and a prolific musical career recording around 44 records.
History.
The group's name refers to the birth city of Guerra and López, Treinta y Tres, Uruguay, on the banks of the Olimar Grande River.
In the 1960s, they were part of the first movement of singing popular Uruguayan songs alongside Alfredo Zitarrosa, Daniel Viglietti, José Carbajal, Numa Moraes, among others.
The lyrics of their songs, written mostly by Ruben Lena and Victor Lima, reflected local issues and reflected the concerns and feelings of ordinary people, as well as everyday life in rural areas.
Despite having a great attachment to their country, they were not alien to social, cultural and political movements then taking place across Latin America. This led them to participate in various international calls, for example, "Encounter with the protest song" convened by La Casa de las Américas of Cuba, and conducted between 9 July and 10 August 1967.
As social unrest increased in Uruguay during the 1960s and the early 1970s, Los Olimareños, being consistent in their grassroots support, gradually began to include criticism of the repressive government in their songs. The Uruguayan "coup d'état" on 27 June 1973, resulted in a ban on their songs.
In 1974, they began an exile that would last ten years, during which they toured five continents, and settled for long periods in Mexico and Spain.
They returned to Uruguay on 18 May 1984 and sang at the Estadio Centenario, in Montevideo, under heavy rain to 50,000 people.
In 1990, the duo decided to disband, starting careers as solo performers.
A reunion concert was planned for 8 May 2009 at the Estadio Centenario, on the 25th anniversary of their 1984 concert.

</doc>
<doc id="19348203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348203" title="National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations">
National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations

The National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations (often abbreviated NOLHGA) is a voluntary, U.S. association made up of the life and health insurance guaranty associations of all 50 states and the District of Columbia. NOLHGA was founded in 1983 to coordinate the efforts of state guaranty associations to provide protection to policyholders when their multi-state life or health insurance company becomes insolvent. The organization is based in Herndon, Virginia.
Mechanism.
When an insurance company reports to its state insurance regulator that it is in financial trouble, the state will first attempt to assist the company back toward financial stability. If the state insurance department determines the company cannot be saved, then the insurance commissioner asks the state court to order the liquidation of the company. Once the order to liquidate a company that operates in multiple states is handed down, NOLHGA, on behalf of affected member state guaranty associations, assembles a task force of affected guaranty associations to analyze the company’s commitments to policyholders. Each affected state guaranty association pays out claims to the insurance company's policyholders in the state; in some instances, the associations arrange for policies to be transferred to a financially sound insurer. Each state guaranty association is governed by state law; most associations cover up to at least $300,000 for life insurance death benefits, $100,000 in cash surrender value for life insurance, $250,000 in withdrawal and cash values for annuities, and $100,000 in health insurance policy benefits.
Structure.
The National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Associations has four main departments: administrative services, communications, insurance services, and legal.
Administrative.
The Administrative Services Department supports NOLHGA by providing services such as human resources, accounting, membership records, and general facilities management. The department also plans and coordinates the Annual Meeting and provides support services to other departments and to the NOLHGA Board of Directors.
Communications.
The Communications Department develops the organization's outreach efforts to its members, state insurance departments, receivers, insurance companies, and the media. In addition, the department provides communications assistance to individual state guaranty associations, the NOLHGA Board of Directors, and handles all media and public information inquiries.
Insurance.
The Insurance Services Department coordinates all insolvency task force activities, including meetings and negotiations with receivers and assumption reinsurance companies concerning life and health insurers in rehabilitation or liquidation. This can include securing and managing legal, actuarial, and/or administrative services; seeking bids and evaluating the financial soundness of potential reinsurers; and determining the most cost-effective and efficient manner to continue policyholders’ coverage. Insurance Services also provides financial information on insolvencies to NOLHGA members.
Legal.
The Legal Department provides legal counsel to insolvency task forces, committees, and the NOLHGA Board of Directors. The department collects and distributes legal information to member state guaranty associations and serves as an information resource for case laws. The department also coordinates the efforts of NOLHGA’s Legal Committee, which addresses issues pertaining to the insolvency process and develops strategies for related lawsuits.

</doc>
<doc id="19348206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348206" title="Manfred Jung">
Manfred Jung

Biography.
Manfred Jung (1920, Sarreguemines, Moselle - 1995) is a French poet born in a very poor family of farmers. During the World War II was forced to serve in the German army but participated to the liberation of Paris with his wife (?) Consuela Wittmann. After the war Manfred Jung established as a bookseller and started his literary career. Publishing short stories and poetry in French and German periodicals, Jung's "opus magnum" and, in fact, only achieved work remains "Instructions", a self-produced book that melts poetry and philosophical or theological views.
Manfred Jung dies in 1995 after having passed his last years as a homeless living in a cabin in the woods near the city of Sarreguemines at the German border. A rumor says that a unique exemplary of a book entitled "Vanité" (vanity) was found on his body, only consisting in blank pages.
The last 15 years have seen Jung's audience growing more and more in the world of French poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19348208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348208" title="Augusto Petró">
Augusto Petró

Augusto Petró (May 3, 1918 – October 28, 2008) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and was one of oldest bishops in the Catholic Church and one of oldest Brazilian bishops. 
Petró was born in Santo Antônio da Patrulha, Rio Grande do Sul, and was ordained a priest on November 30, 1944. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Vacaria on May 16, 1958, and ordained a Bishop on July 27, 1958. On March 12, 1964, he was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Uruguaiana and remained there until his retirement on July 5, 1995.
He died in a hospital in the Rio Grande do Sul town of Ivoti.

</doc>
<doc id="19348210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348210" title="Badabum Cha Cha">
Badabum Cha Cha

Badabum Cha Cha is an Italian song by Sicilian rapper Marracash. Released on April 18, 2008, the song is the album and rapper's lead single. The song was first released on Marracash's official website and just in two days, the song had been listened 5.000 times. Due to high Italian airplay, and also due to high sales, the song from #31, reached a peak of #25.
Music video.
The video of the song was shot in Barona, Milano, on March 2008. First the music video was released on official rapper's MySpace and subsequently released to MTV from April 21. In the video also appears J Ax. A parody video, called "Badabum Qua Qua", was released on YouTube
Chart performance.
The song has been listed for 18 weeks on the Italy Singles Top 50. It entered the chart on position 28 on week 20/2008, its last appearance was on week 37/2008. It peaked on number 25, where it stayed for 1 week.

</doc>
<doc id="19348227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348227" title="Dunbar Lifeboat Station">
Dunbar Lifeboat Station

Dunbar Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station located in Dunbar on the South East coast of Scotland, operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution. Dunbar Lifeboat Station currently operates a 'Trent' Class All Weather Lifeboat and a 'D' Class Inshore Lifeboat. The current coxswain is Gary Fairbairn.
History.
Notable services.
Yacht "Ouhm 20 July 2009" In a force 8 gale and very rough seas, with swells of up to 7m, the skipper of the 8m Swedish yacht Ouhm issued a Pan-Pan call, which was picked up by Forth Coastguard. The request to launch the RNLI Dunbar lifeboat soon followed and the crew put to sea at 5.30pm and headed for a position 37 miles north east of the station.
The yacht was reported to have suffered two knockdowns and the skipper was finding it difficult to cope with the extreme weather conditions. The two people on board were drifting at speeds of up to 5 knots towards the north side of the Firth of Forth.
With the crew in their seats, the lifeboat soon cleared the breakwaters and made best speed towards the yacht.
However, further offshore several breaking seas hit the lifeboat as the swell became larger and the wind increased to a severe gale force 9. At one point, the lifeboat fell 10m from the crest of a wave. Soon afterwards, another huge wave knocked her on her side, but she was able to self right.
The lifeboat reached the yacht at 7.45pm and it was quickly decided that the skipper and his wife should be evacuated to the lifeboat. As there was no liferaft aboard, Coxswain Fairbairn would have the difficult task of getting alongside the small yacht in 10m seas. On the second approach, the lifeboat crew were able to grab the woman and pull her aboard the lifeboat. On the third approach alongside Ouhm the man was pulled from the deck and over the guardrails of the lifeboat. The couple were then taken to the safety of the wheelhouse and then back to dry land, the yacht having been abandoned.
RNLI Divisional Inspector for Scotland, Wave Crookes, says: ‘The RNLI is proud to recognise this service, which was carried out in the finest traditions of the Institution. Ouhm had already suffered two full knockdowns before the lifeboat arrived and I know the crew felt the couple’s lives were in grave danger. The woman said she “felt she was already saved” when she saw the lifeboat arrive alongside and the crew reaching down to pull her on board.
‘The coxswain demonstrated exemplary leadership and the whole crew showed extreme courage throughout the service. The conditions during the passage to the casualty were extreme but at no stage did the crew consider giving up, even when the lifeboat sustained damage and equipment broke loose. Coxswain Fairbairn’s boat handling was exemplary and neither the lifeboat nor the casualty suffered any damage while the casualties were evacuated. Dunbar Coxswain Gary Fairbairn is to be awarded the RNLI’s Bronze Medal for Gallantry for his part in saving a couple from their yacht in a severe gale on 15 May.
Coxswain Fairbairn’s crew on that night – Mechanic Kenny Peters and Crew Members Stuart Pirie, Kevin Keillor, Brian Cleator and John Watt – will each receive Medal Service Certificates.’
Sir Ronald Pechell BT.
"Sir Ronald Pechell BT" was a Trent class all weather lifeboat that operated at Dunbar from 1995 to 2008. During the Easter weekend of 2008 the lifeboat was damaged beyond economic repair after her moorings snapped during severe storms. The Sir Ronald Pechell Bt, valued at £208K in 2008, cost £1.05M to build in 1995 and in her 13 years of service at Dunbar had launched 206 times and rescued 171 people. The lifeboat, John Neville Taylor, from the charity’s relief fleet has been allocated to the town permanently.
Station honours.
At Dunbar lifeboat station the following awards have been made:

</doc>
<doc id="19348235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348235" title="Georges Quay">
Georges Quay

George's Quay is a street in Dublin between Burgh Quay and Hawkins Street, in the west to City Quay and Moss Street in the east. Tara Street railway station is on this street and both Butt Bridge and Tara Street meet a short distance to the west of the station.
It is one of the Dublin quays.

</doc>
<doc id="19348239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348239" title="Philo D. Beckwith">
Philo D. Beckwith

P.D. (Philo D.) Beckwith (1835-1889) was the founder of Round Oak Stove Company (later officially known as the Estate of P.D. Beckwith Inc.) and Mayor of Dowagiac, Michigan.
Born in 1835 in New York, Philo D. Beckwith settled in Dowagiac, Michigan in 1854 and opened a foundry. His experiments with heating stoves in the 1860s led to the reshaping of his foundry business from the roller grain drill to the heating stove. Beckwith cast his first stove around 1867 to heat his struggling foundry and shortly after, the Michigan Central Railroad ordered the heaters for its depots between Detroit and Chicago. By 1871, Beckwith had made heating stoves his primary product (though he would continue manufacturing grain drills until his death) and the Round Oak Stove Company was born.
Beckwith's company provided relatively high wages for the times and the, then, nearly unheard of benefit of sick pay. The town was, as a result, relatively insulated from the labor struggles occurring in the larger cities at the time. 
Beckwith, was a committed freethinker who wanted to "make the townsfolk aware and appreciative of those his personal pantheon of heroes and heroines whom he considered to be the true benefactors of the human race".1
The company expanded and Beckwith became a very popular man in town. He served as mayor for much of the 1880s and he invested a great deal of money and energy into various philanthropic activities. Beckwith died in January 1889 at the age of 54, leaving the management of the firm to his son-in-law, Fred E. Lee.
Round Oak Stove Company officially became the Estate of P.D. Beckwith Incorporated after Beckwith’s death and continued expanding into the early 1900s. The company added new products, like furnaces and cooking stoves, and Round Oak produced a wide array of advertising materials. The success of the firm can be attributed to solid products and quality advertising.
Round Oak stayed strong into the 1920s and survived the Great Depression, though greatly damaged. World War II government contracts helped the company stave off elimination, but once the war ended, Round Oak was a troubled company. In 1947, the company sold its buildings to Kaizer-Frazer for the production of automobile engine parts and the Round Oak name was sold to Peerless Furnace, which continued to make repair parts for furnaces and stoves. A Round Oak comeback in Dowagiac in the early 1950s was short lived and Round Oak was left to history.
Today, Beckwith Estate or "Round Oak" Stoves are widely sought after collectibles.
1
Ingersoll: Immortal Infidel, ed. Roger E. Greeley (Buffalo, 1977), p. 127
2
Freethinkers, A History of American Secularism, Susan Jacoby (Owl Books, 2004) p. 149-150
External links.
Round Oak Museum at Southwestern Michigan College: http://www.swmich.edu/museum/roundoak.php
April 19, 1920 Supreme Court Decision
Round Oak Museum Stove Identification Guide
Heater Model Build Dates
Range Model Build Dates
Leland Haines’ publisher
Replacement Parts manufacturer
Pictures of Vintage Catalog Pages

</doc>
<doc id="19348252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348252" title="Galician Statute of Autonomy (1936)">
Galician Statute of Autonomy (1936)

The Galician Statute of Autonomy (1936) was a statute of autonomy for Galicia. It was voted in referendum and presented to the Spanish Parliament. Yet, it could never be implemented because of the Spanish Civil War (1936-1939) and subsequent Francoist dictatorship (1939-1977). The 1936 statute was drafted by the "Partido Galeguista" (Galicianist Party), and it is the historical precedent of the current Galician Statute of Autonomy of 1981.
Origins.
Galician nationalists of the early 20th century, namely those around the "Partido Galeguista", had considered a number of options regarding the relationship between Galicia and Spain, ranging from regional autonomy to total independence. During the Spanish Second Republic (1931-1939) a number of intellectuals proposed the formation of a federal State, where the different regions and nations of Spain could benefit from autonomy and decentralization. With that idea in mind, the "Partido Galeguista", founded in 1931, promoted the development of a Galician Statute of Autonomy, based on the old Galicianist ideals and the modern Galician nationalism.
Drafting the document.
In 1931, shortly after the establishment of the Spanish Second Republic, the "Seminario de Estudos Galegos" (Galician Studies Seminar) presented an early draft for a Statute of Autonomy. It stated:
Building on that, a more elaborated draft arrived in 1932, when the Mayor of Santiago de Compostela, Raimundo López Pol, called for a meeting of all the Galician municipalities to discuss the text. That first meeting took place in Compostela on July 3. The editing committee was composed by Manuel Lugrís, Alexandre Bóveda and Salvador Cabeza de León. They wrote a Statute containing 49 articles. It was divided in six parts: 1) Prologue; 2) Regional powers; 3) Faculties and abilities of the region; 4) Regional tax and revenue; 5) General remarks; 6) Temporary dispositions.
This project defined Galicia as a democratic autonomous region within the Spanish State, with the aspiration of transforming the State into a federal republic. It established both Galician and Spanish as official languages. Most significantly, it granted the Galician government a number of powers, including the financial system (management and control of taxes and the economy), with the possibility to nationalize. It also established the functioning of the Parliament, the electoral system, and the role and functions of the President of Galicia.
Ratification.
Between 17 and 19 December 1932, the final text was submitted to the vote. It obtained the support of 77 per cent of the Galician municipal representatives, counting for 84.7 per cent of the population. However, political instability postponed the ratification of the Statute by the Spanish government. Following the victory of the "Frente Popular" (Popular Front) in the February 1936 elections, the Galicianists could proceed again with their project. Yet, the fact that a number of members of the "Partido Galeguista" had joined the "Frente Popular" for the elections provoked internal tensions, namely from the right-wing members, who left the party. Nonetheless, they would still support the Statute and ask for a "yes" vote in the referendum to come.
The campaign for the Statute referendum was intense and, finally, in 28 June 1936, Galicians were called to general vote. The turnout was 74.56 per cent (a very high figure for that time), with 993,351 votes in favour and 6,161 against. On 15 July 1936 Gómez Román, secretary of the "Partido Galeguista", and Castelao, member of the Spanish Parliament for the "Partido Galeguista/Frente Popular", submitted the Galician Statute of Autonomy to the Spanish Parliament. However, the start of the Civil War delayed the process. The Republican Parliament, based in Catalonia because of the War, eventually discussed the Statute on 1 February 1938. The Statute was only officially passed in 1945 by a Republican parliamentary commission in exile, namely in Mexico. That is to say, it was a symbolic gesture since the Statute could never be implemented.
Legacy.
The Galician Statute of Autonomy of 1936, although never implemented, was a fundamental piece of legislation for the future of Galicia. With the end of the Francoist dictatorship (1977) and passing of the Spanish Constitution (1978), a process of devolution took place in Spain. Galicia gained the rank of pre-autonomous community in 1979, achieving full status in 1981 with the passing of the current Statute of Autonomy. In other words, the Galician Statute of Autonomy of 1981 is seen as many as the heir of the 1936 text.

</doc>
<doc id="19348258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348258" title="Center Valley, Wisconsin">
Center Valley, Wisconsin

Center Valley is a small unincorporated farming community in the town of Center in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States. Center Valley lies 5 miles north of Appleton, and is served by the post office of Black Creek, which has the ZIP code 54106.
Geography.
Center Valley is located at (44.4022079, -88.4598254), and the elevation is 820 feet (250 m).
Transportation.
County Highway A runs north-south through Center Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19348275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348275" title="Bishops' Conference of Yugoslavia">
Bishops' Conference of Yugoslavia

The Bishops' Conference of Yugoslavia was an episcopal conference of the Catholic Church covering the territory of Yugoslavia. 
The first such bishops' conference was held in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in November of 1918. The last conference was held in 1993 when the Croatian Bishops' Conference was established.

</doc>
<doc id="19348281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348281" title="Big Brother Germany (season 2)">
Big Brother Germany (season 2)

Season two of Big Brother Germany lasted from 16 September 2000 to 31 December 2000 and was shown on RTL 2.
Season summary.
After the runaway success of the first season, expectations were very high for the sophomore season. Significant changes were that the producers dared to air the nominations and eviction shows on RTL and gave it the prime slot on 8.15 pm Saturday evening. Oliver Geissen and Aleks Bechtel replaced the less known Percy Hoven and Sophie Rosentreter as hosts of the show and an additional format called "Family and Friends" was introduced being aired one day after the last nomination–eviction on Sunday afternoon. Daily recaps remained to be aired on RTL 2 but due to the heavy number of voluntary exits and replace entries several "live specials" were aired during the week, often only announced to be aired on the very same day.
Another novelty was that the viewers got the chance to watch the housemates 24/7 a week on pay TV station "Single TV".
The number of original housemates was put up from 10 to 12 and the show was extended to 106 days. Also the audience got the chance to vote for their least favorite housemate during the week of nominations, giving the person with the most votes one nomination point. Thanks to the number of applicants from season one increasing almost ten times, the cast was much more diverse than in season one which resulted in several arguments and misunderstandings between the housemates.
The most controversial character of the season was undoubtedly Christian Möllmann, who went on to become the most hated housemate after the launch show thanks to his chauvinist behaviour on his entry and in his audition tape. No wonder he was nominated by all his fellow housemates and the viewers on first nomination; however as a reversal of fortunes he was able to turn things to this favor with accusing fellow housemate Stefanie Juhrke, a doctor, to be a bully and talking down to people. He survived his first nomination and won the second vote against Juhrke by a landside (Juhrke received 91.2% of the votes to evict). However he eventually left the house just three days after Juhrke's departure and proved that he was not as tough as he pretended to be. Just like several contestants of season one, Möllmann recorded a single called "Es ist geil ein Arschloch zu sein (Glad to be an asshole)" which went straight to number one on German single charts. He became a co-host of Big Brother Germany's season 5 and 6 and was the main host of an Endemol-franchised BB clone named "Der Container Exklusive" which was aired on pay TV only.
The relationship of Daniela and Karim caused controversy not only because both have been in a relationship with other partners outside, but also Karim's family being strict Muslims and he was even forbidden to show up naked on screen. Against all odds, Daniela and Karim remained a couple and married months after their voluntary exit which was featured on the show as well and are still together as of now.
After several unplanned exits and additional entries (first evictee Marion was voted back into the house only to walk three weeks later again), Alida Kurras was crowned the winner of the season showing similar behaviour to first season's winner John Milz; not only were both born and raised in the former GDR but also kept quiet and very friendly towards everyone in the house. Kurras recorded a single which did not result in any success and hosted several low-profile shows on German call-in station 9Live. She went on to marry the channel's director and is still daily onscreen.
She became co-host of Big Brother Germany's season 9. Next to Kurras and Möllman, runner-up Harry Schmidt and Walter Unterweger recorded singles and played roles on German TV series.
As of now, Season 2 had the best average share with German ratings and is known for its several arguments and hot-temperatured contestants.
Housemates.
Entered on Day 1:
Replacement contestants:
Note: After being the first evictee, Marion was voted back in the house as Jörg's replacement but walked three weeks later

</doc>
<doc id="19348288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348288" title="Benjamin Franklin King, Jr.">
Benjamin Franklin King, Jr.

Benjamin Franklin King, Jr. (1857–1894) was an American humorist and poet whose work published under the names Ben King or the pseudonym Bow Hackley achieved notability in his lifetime and afterwards.
Biography.
King was born at St. Joseph, Michigan, March 17, 1857, and died while on a speaking tour at Bowling Green, Kentucky, April 7, 1894. He was married November 27, 1883 to Aseneth Belle Latham, of St. Joseph, Michigan, and the couple had two children, Bennett Latham King and Spencer P. King, aged nine and five, respectively, at the time of his death.
King billed himself as "Ben King, the Sweet Singer of St. Joe". He first came to prominence for a concert given during the World's Columbian Exposition. Introduced to the Press Club of Chicago, he was quickly picked up by Opie Read, who invited King to tour with him, reading his poetry with piano accompaniment. 
According to a short biography by Opie Read, as a child he was reputed a piano prodigy; in adult life he was by many deemed a failure for his lack of business instinct. But as a poet, a gentle satirist and a humorist of the highest order, he achieved notability in his short life for a series of newspaper published poems. He appears to have been a favorite of the Press Club of Chicago, and that organisation published a posthumous collection of his works, "Ben King's verse", in 1894, comparing him with Thomas Hood, a then famous English humorist and poet. In the next quarter century, the book reputedly outsold any other single volume of verses in Michigan.
He is buried in the St. Joseph City Cemetery. A monument erected in Lake Bluff Park, Berrien County, Michigan in 1924 features a bronze bust of King created by Chicago sculptor Leonard Crunelle. On the granite monument base are lines from his poem "The River St. Joe":
Where the bumblebee sips and the clover's in bloom, 
  and the zephyr's come laden with peachblow perfume. 
Where the thistle-down pauses in search of the rose
  and the myrtle and woodbine and wild ivy grows;
Oh, give me the spot that I once used to know
  by the side of the placid old River St. Joe!

</doc>
<doc id="19348300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348300" title="Resistance (Owen Sheers novel)">
Resistance (Owen Sheers novel)

Resistance is an alternate history novel by Welsh poet and author Owen Sheers. The plot centers around the inhabitants of a valley near Abergavenny in Wales in 1944–45, shortly after the failure of Operation Overlord and a successful German counter-invasion of Britain (see Operation Sea Lion), and a group of German Wehrmacht soldiers who stay there after the wives' husbands leave to serve in the covert British Resistance. The novel follows abandoned farmer's wife, Sarah Lewis and German commanding officer, Albrecht Wolfram as they form an unlikely relationship in spite of their backgrounds and political standings. 
Owen's debut novel has been made into a screenplay scheduled for UK release on 25 November 2011. See Resistance (2011 film) 
The Hereford Mappa Mundi features prominently in the book.
Plot.
Upon her husband's disappearance Sarah is forced to take care of the farm. Meanwhile she develops a relationship with German commanding officer Albrecht as he and the other invaders seek to locate an item for Himmler's collection. 

</doc>
<doc id="19348302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348302" title="Azerbaijan at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Azerbaijan at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Azerbaijan competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. Two powerlifters tested positive for steroids in initial drug tests on 18 September 2004 and were banned for life from the Paralympics having both tested positive in previous championships. Sara Abbasova competed in the women's -82.5 kg category and had had her first violation at the 2001 powerlifting championships in Hungary. Gunduz Ismayilov who had set a world record and won a gold medal in Men's -90 kg competition at the 2000 Summer Paralympics was stripped of it and had his record nullified after testing positive for nandrolone.

</doc>
<doc id="19348316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348316" title="Lali">
Lali

Lali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19348318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348318" title="Herbert Mayfield">
Herbert Mayfield

Herbert Earl Mayfield (December 20, 1920 – May 29, 2008) was a bluegrass musician and a member of the Mayfield Brothers band of West Texas. Playing the mandolin and the guitar, Mayfield played alongside his brothers, Thomas Edd Mayfield and Arlie V. "Smokey" Mayfield.
In the late 1940s, the Mayfield Brothers were warmup musicians in Lubbock and Amarillo for Tennessee Ernie Ford, Maddox Brothers and Rose, Hank Snow, and other Country groups. 
After World War II, the trio went on the circuit playing Bluegrass until Edd left the band to join Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass Boys.
Early life.
Mayfield was born in Erick in Beckham County in southwestern Oklahoma to William Fletcher Mayfield (died 1952), and the former Penelope Drake (died 1937). In January 1931, he moved with his family to Dimmitt, the seat of Castro County near Lubbock. He graduated from Dimmitt High School and was awarded a basketball scholarship to college. During World War II, Mayfield served in the United States Army Air Corps, the forerunner to the Air Force. He participated in troop movements during the Normandy invasion and the Battle of the Bulge, in which his brother Smokey also fought.
All of the Mayfield family played musical instruments, beginning with the mandolin. Herbert Mayfield recalled rushing from his ranch chores to devote time to practicing music.
Marriage and later life.
In 1951, Mayfield married the former Dorothy McLain in Hart in Castro County. Active in community affairs, he was a former president of the Dimmitt Rodeo Association and was a member of the Fair Board. He was also affiliated with the Panhandle Blue Grass Association. He was Baptist. Two weeks prior to Mayfield's death, the International Blue Grass Museum in Owensboro, Kentucky, interviewed him in Dimmitt in preparation for a forthcoming documentary on the Mayfield musical family.
For much of his adult life, Mayfield was a welder for cattle feedlots. He and his wife supported student scholarships for those pursuing the study of Bluegrass music at South Plains College in Levelland west of Lubbock. South Plains honored Herbert and Smokey Mayfield in a special ceremony in 1989 as pioneers of Bluegrass music. Susan Dailey, the recipient of a Mayfield scholarship in 1993, recalled Mayfield as "an inspiration to me as a mandolin student... The stories of his early musical years on the Valley ranch also fascinated me as a musician and as a visual artist... I feel fortunate to have been acquainted with Herb. He was a wonderful man... "
Death.
Mayfield died of renal failure in an Amarillo hospital. Months later, his brother Smokey died of a heart attack, a complication from neuropathy. Edd Mayfield died of leukemia in 1958 at the age of thirty-two in Bluefield, West Virginia, while he was on tour with Bill Monroe. Services for Herb Mayfield were held on June 1, 2008, at the First Baptist Church of Dimmitt. Burial was in Hart Cemetery in Hart.

</doc>
<doc id="19348331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348331" title="Tuwali language">
Tuwali language

"For the languages spoken in Kiangan Region, see Languages of Ifugao."
Tuwali language is a native language indigenous to Ifugao. Mainly spoken in the whole province. Its only that it has different varieties that distinguishes the municipality.
Kiangan is the oldest town in the province. It derives its name from Kiyyangan, an ancient village near the bank of the Ibulao River across the Lagawe valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19348338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348338" title="Pillow talk (disambiguation)">
Pillow talk (disambiguation)

Pillow talk is an intimate conversation between lovers which typically takes place in bed.
Pillow talk may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19348340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348340" title="Jenkins–Laporte doctrine">
Jenkins–Laporte doctrine

In United States copyright law and jurisprudence established under the doctrine of "stare decisis" by the case of "Netbula, LLC v. Symantec Corp.", 516 F. Supp.2d 1137 (N.D.Cal. 2007) and related cases. The cases defined the boundaries of property rights and contractual rights in the licensing of digital works. It is so called because the cases were decided by two renowned American judges and leading jurists, former U.S. District Judge Martin Jenkins (now a Justice in California Courts of Appeal) and Magistrate Judge Elizabeth D. Laporte.
The basic principles of the doctrine can be summarized:
(1) If an accused infringer did not see or agree to copy restriction, there was no infringement;
(2) A "one user on one computer" restriction does not limit the scope of a software license, it's an independent contractual covenant;
(3) A termination clause in the license agreement does not limit the scope of the license, it's an independent contractual covenant.
The ingenious observation Justice Jenkins made was that in a copyright action, although license is an affirmative defense to infringement, the "plaintiff’s initial hurdle is proving the terms of the license." 516 F. Supp. 2d at 1151. The Jenkins–Laporte doctrine provides a legal foundation for circumvention of the exclusive rights provided by the Copyright Act, as the doctrine requires the copyright owner to prove the negative.

</doc>
<doc id="19348354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348354" title="Dinas Cromlech">
Dinas Cromlech

Dinas Cromlech is a striking rock outcrop in the Llanberis Pass, Snowdonia, in Gwynedd, northwest Wales, with a characteristic "open book" shape. It is clearly visible from the road (A4086), and the obvious rock-climbing route up the corner resisted attempts for many years. It was an important venue for a wave of new climbing, for example by Joe Brown (climber): "Cenotaph Corner" (1952, E1, with Doug Belshaw) and "Cemetery Gates" (1951, E1, with Don Whillans).
The travel writer Eric Newby gives a comic description of his first climb and almost his only training in mountaineering, the "Ivy Sepulchre", led by two expert waitresses from the inn where he is staying, in his book "A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush".

</doc>
<doc id="19348368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348368" title="Johann Jakob Bethmann">
Johann Jakob Bethmann

Johann Jakob Bethmann (since 1776: von Bethmann, also known as "Jean-Jacob de Bethmann"; 20 June 1717 – 2 September 1792) was a German merchant and shipowner.
Life.
Johann Jakob was born in Bergnassau, one of three sons of the administrator "Simon Moritz Bethmann" (1687–1725). After the premature death of their father, the brothers were raised by their maternal uncle "Jakob Adami" in Frankfurt am Main. While the brothers Johann Philipp and Simon Moritz established the "Gebrüder Bethmann" bank based on their uncle's inheritance, Johann Jakob moved to Bordeaux in 1740, where he established "Bethmann & Imbert" (since 1779 "Bethmann & fils") as a trading enterprise and shipowning company.
In 1745 Bethmann married the Protestant "Elisabeth Desclaux" (1725–1785), a Bordeaux native. In 1749 he took Swiss citizenship and in 1758 he became a citizen of Frankfurt am Main. In 1768 he was appointed imperial consul for Bordeaux, and in 1776 he was knighted.
Bethmann proved an astute businessman and prospered quickly. Besides trading in goods and merchandise, he was not averse to an engagement in the slave trade and had already secured a guaranty worth 300,000 livres from his brothers in Frankfurt for that purpose before the plan for a joint venture with the Danish West India and Guinea Company was aborted due to business uncertainty.
He left his daughter "Katharina Elisabeth" (1753–1813) in the care of his childless brother Simon Moritz in Frankfurt. There she married in 1769 the merchant "Peter Heinrich Metzler" (1744–1800), who thenceforth used the surname "Bethmann-Metzler" (subsequently "von Bethmann-Metzler" or "de Bethmann-Metzler") but remained in Frankfurt as a partner in the bank.
After Johann Jakob's death in Bordeaux, his Frankfurt grandchildren returned to the city.
Johann Jakob Bethmann was a friend of German author Friedrich Melchior Grimm.

</doc>
<doc id="19348382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348382" title="Microcosm (experimental ecosystem)">
Microcosm (experimental ecosystem)

Microcosms are artificial, simplified ecosystems that are used to simulate and predict the behaviour of natural ecosystems under controlled conditions. Open or closed microcosms provide an experimental area for ecologists to study natural ecological processes. Microcosm studies can be very useful to study the effects of disturbance or to determine the ecological role of key species. A Winogradsky column is an example of a microbial microcosm.

</doc>
<doc id="19348390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348390" title="Croatian Bishops' Conference">
Croatian Bishops' Conference

The Croatian Bishops' Conference () is an episcopal conference of the Catholic Church in Croatia. It is currently composed of fourteen bishops from all Croatian dioceses plus the Croatian military ordinary.
It was established in 1993, after the Bishops' Conference of Yugoslavia was disbanded, having existed since 1918.
The president of the Conference is elected by the bishops for a five-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="19348392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348392" title="Lanphear Buck">
Lanphear Buck

Lanphear Buck (born December 9, 1901, Fall River, Massachusetts; died May 18, 1974, Port Chester, New York) was an American field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts to Augustus Walker Buck and Jennie Hurd (Lanphear) Buck. On September 16, 1937 he married Arizona-born Louise McArthur in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In 1936 he was a member of the American team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19348398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348398" title="Latécoère 8">
Latécoère 8

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 8 was a French airliner built in 1921, but only to the extent of a single example. It was a conventional two-bay biplane with unstaggered wings and fixed tailskid undercarriage. The five-seat passenger cabin was fully enclosed and featured a celluloid panel on its ceiling as an emergency exit. The pilot sat in a separate, open cockpit to the rear of the passenger cabin. A single engine was mounted in the nose, fitted with tall pipes to carry the engine exhaust clear of the upper wing. Construction was of metal and wood, and was inspired by techniques used on the Breguet 14.
The single Latécoère 8 was exhibited at the 1921 "Salon de l'Aéronautique" in Paris and shortly thereafter, flew passengers and mail for Latécoère's own airline on a route between France, Spain, and Morocco. It was found to be underpowered, and when it crashed not long into its career it was not repaired.

</doc>
<doc id="19348424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348424" title="The Best of Mantronix (1986–1988)">
The Best of Mantronix (1986–1988)

The Best of Mantronix (1986–1988) is a compact disc and vinyl record compilation album by hip hop/electo funk group, Mantronix. The album was released on the Ten record label in 1990.
Despite the title, the album features tracks exclusively from Mantronix's first two (and only) studio albums released by Sleeping Bag Records between 1985 and 1986 (1985's "" and 1986's "Music Madness").

</doc>
<doc id="19348434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348434" title="Garth Everett">
Garth Everett

Garth D. Everett is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 84th legislative district. He was elected in 2006 after the retirement of Brett O. Feese.
Everett attended Pennsylvania State University on an Air Force ROTC and graduated in 1976 with a degree in business management. He then served as a navigator on KC-135 refueling aircraft in the U.S. Air Force over 20 years before retiring in 1997 as a lieutenant colonel. After retirement, Everett attended The Dickinson School of Law at Penn State University, graduating in 2000. He then joined a law firm in Muncy Township working as a solicitor for several municipalities in Lycoming County.

</doc>
<doc id="19348458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348458" title="Sir John Rogerson's Quay">
Sir John Rogerson's Quay

Sir John Rogerson's Quay is a street and quay in Dublin on the south bank of the Liffey between City Quay in the west and Britain Quay. Formerly part of Dublin Port, it has some of the few remaining campshire warehouses in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19348462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348462" title="Ellwood Godfrey">
Ellwood Godfrey

Ellwood Watson Godfrey (July 17, 1910 – June 10, 1990) was an American field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ambler, Pennsylvania.
In 1936 he was a member of the American team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as back and halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19348471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348471" title="Osvald Group">
Osvald Group

The Osvald Group was a Norwegian sabotage organisation—the most active one in Norway from 1941 to the summer of 1944. 
It performed around 110 sabotage actions.
The organisation was originally a branch of the Wollweber League, a subsidiary to the Soviet secret police organization NKVD which dissolved when Ernst Wollweber was arrested in 1940. 
Martin Hjelmen was its first leader until Asbjørn Sunde took over in 1938.
Origin of name.
Historian Lars Borgersrud says about the origins of the group's name, that "The Norwegian section of Wollwebers sabotage instrument was called 'the Osvald Group' («"Osvald-gruppa"») after the cover name of the leader, Martin Hjelmen". Asbjørn Sunde also used "Osvald" as one of his cover names.
History.
After the arrest of Ernst Wollweber and the revelation of the Wollweber League, the Osvald Group was intact in Oslo, but had lost contact with Moscow, and had no funding. The group stored explosives around the country. They initiated their sabotage activities shortly after Operation Barbarossa, the German attack on the Soviet Union on 22 June 1941, and continued until the Osvald Group was demobilised in 1944, by orders from Moscow. Their first railway sabotage mission was undertaken on 20 July 1941, the explosion of a Wehrmacht train at Nyland Station in Oslo.
The Osvald group's "active resistance" policy was in opposition to the Communist Party of Norway ("NKP"), Milorg and other organizations that preferred a more passive resistance. The group cooperated with the group 2A and 2A's police group, as well as with Milorg, SOE and XU.
From the winter of 1942 NKP formed military groups, and Sunde had meetings with their leader Peder Furubotn. Sunde established a sabotage training center in Rukkedalen and recruited a network of saboteurs in the Torpo-Gol and Nesbyen area—and thru Hallingdal and towards Oslo and Bergen. In September 1942 Sunde agreed to supply guards at the communist party's central camp in Hemsedal, in exchange for practical and financial support. Sunde became NKP's military leader, and the organisation became more efficient.
In 1944 there was a break between the group and NKP's leader Peder Furubotn, when Furubotn demanded that the group should subordinate itself to his leadership.
The Osvald Group was closed down in 1944, following orders from Moscow. During its operative period from July 1941 to July 1944 the group was responsible for around 110 known actions, dominating sabotage activity in Norway during this period.
35 of the saboteurs were killed, excluding the one killed in Bergen.
Continued resistance by Saborg after summer of 1944.
After the decommissioning of the Osvald Group, Saborg continued. ("Saborg was originally created and developed as the Bergen chapter of the international ship sabotage organization under Ernst Wollweber's leadership. This happened before World War Two".) In November and December 1944 the leaders of Saborg were arrested. Saborg was the only resistance organization, that at times was subordinate to Milorg in Bergen, SOE, or the Communist Party's section in Bergen. (The latter relationship lasted a few days until Saborg was destroyed, and it is regarded as insignificant, according to Borgersrud.)
Organization.
The number of members was over 200.
"The communist sabotage organization in Bergen" was called Saborg, and the core of the organization counted around 60-65 members.
The Vågård Group ("Vågårdsgruppa") was another section of the Osvald Group, and it was based North of Hønefoss, in the forest.
Violent actions.
The Saborg section of the Osvald Group was responisible for 30 actions.
Post-war.
Due to the political climate at the time and the group's close relations to the NKVD and Moscow, the Osvald Group received no recognition from the Norwegian Government after the war, and their members were never decorated.
A memorial was set up in Oslo 30 May 1995, in memory of saboteurs from the Osvald Group that perished during the Second World War.
In 2013, then minister of defence honored 
8 members—of the 17 who are still alive.

</doc>
<doc id="19348493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348493" title="Arabis lemmonii">
Arabis lemmonii

Arabis lemmonii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Lemmon's rockcress. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California to Colorado, where it grows in a number of rocky habitat types. This is a perennial herb growing many small stems from a branching, hairy caudex. The slender stems rest against the ground or are somewhat upright, reaching up to 20 centimeters in length. The caudex is surrounded by a rosette of hairy leaves one or two centimeters long. There are a few smaller leaves along the stem as well. The inflorescence bears pink to purple flowers which yield narrow siliques up to 4 centimeters long containing round, winged seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19348499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348499" title="Umberto Panerai">
Umberto Panerai

Umberto Panerai (born March 13, 1953) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1976. He was born in Florence.
Panerai was a member of the Men's National Team, that claimed the silver medal at the Montréal Olympics. During his career he was affiliated with "Rari Nantes Florentia" in Firenze.

</doc>
<doc id="19348507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348507" title="WHO global action plan">
WHO global action plan

The Sixtieth World Health Assembly endorsed on May 23, 2007, the World Health Organization's global plan of action for workers' health. The assembly accepted the draft out of concern for the gaps between and within countries in the exposure of workers and local communities to occupational hazards and in their access to occupational health services. The plan of action exists because workers represent half the world's population and are the major contributors to economic and social development. Their health is determined not only by workplace hazards but also by social and individual factors and access to health services. While increasing international movement of jobs, products and technologies can help to spread innovative solutions for prevention of occupational hazards, they can also lead to a shift of that risk to less advantaged groups. The growing informal economy is often associated with hazardous working conditions and involves such vulnerable groups as children, pregnant women, older persons, and migrant workers.
Workers' health: global plan of action.
The plan of action deals with all aspects of workers' health, including primary prevention of occupational hazards, protection and promotion of health at work, employment conditions, and a better response from health systems to workers' health. It is underpinned by certain common principles. All workers should be able to enjoy the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health and favorable working conditions. The workplace should not be detrimental to health and well-being. Primary prevention of occupational health hazards should be given priority. All components of health systems should be involved in an integrated response to the specific health needs of working populations.
Objectives.
The plan lists several actions for the "member states" that adopt it.
Devise and implement policy instruments on workers' health.
Countries and member states should formulate their national policy frameworks to promote workers' health, strengthening their ministries of health, and integrating workers' health concerns into national health strategies. They also need to minimize the gaps between different groups of workers in terms of levels of risk and health status. High-risk economic sectors and vulnerable working populations, such as younger and older workers, need special consideration and protection.
Protect and promote health at the workplace.
Member states should improve their health risk management. They must adopt basic occupational health standards and make certain that all workplaces comply with minimum requirements. They must work to promote health and prevent noncommunicable diseases in
the workplace, in particular by advocating healthy diet and physical activity among workers, and promoting mental and family health at work. Additionally, the plan suggests that global health threats, such as tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS, malaria, and avian influenza, can also be prevented and controlled at the workplace.
Improve the performance of and access to occupational health services.
Member states can improve their coverage and quality of occupational health services by integrating their development into national health strategies, health-sector reforms and plans for improving health systems performance; determining standards for organization and coverage of occupational health services; setting targets for increasing the coverage of the working population with occupational health services; creating mechanisms for pooling resources and for financing the delivery of occupational health services; ensuring sufficient and competent human resources; and establishing quality assurance systems.
Provide and communicate evidence for action and practice.
Member states must design systems for surveillance of workers' health. This includes establishing national information systems, building capability to estimate the occupational burden of diseases and injuries, creating registries of exposure to major risks, occupational accidents and occupational diseases, and improving reporting and early detection of such accidents and diseases. Also strategies and tools need to be elaborated for improving communication and raising awareness about workers' health. They should target workers, employers and their organizations, policy-makers, the general public, and the media.
Incorporate workers' health into other policies.
Measures to protect workers' health should be incorporated in economic development policies and poverty reduction strategies. Employment policies should be designed to influence worker health.
Implementation.
The plan suggests that improving the health of workers can be achieved through well-coordinated efforts of society as a whole, under government leadership and with substantial participation of workers and employers. WHO and its partners express in the plan an intention to work with the member states to promote partnership and joint action with ILO and other organizations of
the United Nations system, organizations of employers, trade unions, and other stakeholders in civil society and the private sector in order to strengthen international efforts on workers' health. Also to implement the plan the WHO expects to provide guidelines, promote and monitor their use, and contribute to the adoption and implementation of international labor conventions. The plan of action will be reviewed and monitored using a set of national and international indicators of achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="19348510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348510" title="Campshire">
Campshire

The Campshires are the stretches of land between the quay and road on both the north and south quays in Dublin. 
They are so named because the various British Regiments such as the GloucesterSHIRES etc. used to camp there before setting off or returning from battles and wars.
Up to the time the Port facilities moved down river this was the area where ships were loaded and unloaded with large storage warehouses and travelling cranes. 
Dublin Docklands Development Authority renewed and rejuvenated the whole area with walkways and cycleways being installed on both sides of the river Liffey as part of the Sutton to Sandycove project.

</doc>
<doc id="19348515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348515" title="Alexis Thompson (field hockey)">
Alexis Thompson (field hockey)

Alexis Thompson (May 20, 1914 – December 20, 1954) was an American field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Englewood, New Jersey.
In 1936 he was a member of the American team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19348516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348516" title="Gary L. Rhodes">
Gary L. Rhodes

Dr. Gary L. Rhodes is the current president of J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College.
Previous Positions.
Dr. Rhodes was president of Riverland Community College in Austin, Minnesota from August 15, 1998 to October 15, 2002. Prior to this position, Dr. Rhodes was vice president and chief academic officer of York County Technical College in Maine from 1994–1998, and he was also vice president of training and development at the United Education Institute in Santa Ana, California from 1990-1994. Before that, Dr. Rhodes served as executive vice president of accreditation for the Accrediting Council for Continuing Education and Training from 1988–1990, a national accrediting body then located in Richmond. He has also held additional administrative and adjunct faculty posts with the Maricopa County Community College District in Phoenix, Arizona.
Education.
Receiving his bachelors from Southeast Missouri State University, Dr. Rhodes completed his master's degree in Spanish linguistics and literature and doctorate in higher and adult education at Arizona State University

</doc>
<doc id="19348521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348521" title="Paul Fentress">
Paul Fentress

Paul Lyon Fentress (November 13, 1913 – December 12, 1983) was an American field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hubbard Woods, Illinois and died in Palm Beach, Florida.
In 1936 he was a member of the American team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19348539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348539" title="José de Almeida Batista Pereira">
José de Almeida Batista Pereira

José de Almeida Batista Pereira (26 July 1917 – 30 January 2009) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Pereira was born in São Gonçalo, Brazil and was ordained a priest on 22 December 1940. He was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Niteroi, along with Titular Bishop of "Baris in Pisidia", on 22 December 1953 and ordained titular bishop of Baris in Pisidia on 2 February 1954. In 1955, Pereira was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Sete Lagoas where he remained until 1964. On 7 April 1964, Pereira was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Guaxupé where he remained until his resignation from the diocese 16 January 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19348550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348550" title="Hefei University">
Hefei University

Hefei University () is an institution of higher learning in Hefei, capital of Anhui Province, the People's Republic of China. It was founded in 1980, after the merger of former Hefei Union University, Hefei Education College and Hefei Normal School.Hefei University has 16 departments, 5 centers of research together with a further education college, offering 40 bachelor degree programs with a full-time student population totaling 12,527（as to December 2007）on two campuses, the Downtown Campus (or Huangshan Road Campus) and the Nanyanhu Lake Campus. The university's strength lies in engineering, economics and management, and it also comprises literature, science and education.
The vision of HU is focused on“regionalization, practicability and internationalization”.HU aims at educating students to become specialized professionals with practical knowledge and skills to meet the needs of regional job markets with international perspectives.
Aiming to serve the regional economy,HU sticks to its philosophy “nurturing students with morality through practical curriculum and teaching methods”. HU has always been encouraging teaching reforms so as to equip its graduates with practical competence and skills for their future career. In the recent years “N+2 Assessment System” has been introduced at HU, by which students are evaluated on the basis of their academic learning together with the final exams at each semester. The “9-Semester System” is specially designed in which sophomores are required to have a single semester for field learning before continuing their further academic studies in order to strengthen problem solving skills required for the professional career in the future.
HU has extraordinary faculty and efficient administrative staff to ensure the quality of service to its students.HU encourages its faculty to participate in the development of regional economy,by which they will nurture its students with academic training combined with the industry skills. Professors at HU are also involved in natural science research programs at provincial, national and international level. Various prizes have been awarded for their academic excellence for their papers and books published in Chinese, English and German magazines.
Young as HU is, HU has been contributing to mutual growth and international cultural cooperation through exchanges programs with universities and institutions around the world. HU has been engaged in various programs with Germany for faculty training, exchange of students and joint development for some of its departments since the early 1980s. HU now has 9 sister universities in Germany，mainly with the applied science universities in line with HU's mission.Programs of student exchange and faculty training have been expanding with cooperation on some dual degree programs since 2000. HU started similar programs in South Korea since the late 1990s and so far it has 7 sister universities in South Korea with exchange programs for students and faculty and dual degree programs in language, Tourism Management, Computer Science and Chinese Teaching.
Diversity is one of the distinctive features of HU. Each year some 50 foreign students are admitted into HU for Chinese language and culture learning. And joint workshops and internship/thesis writing are also arranged on the campus for international students from sister universities. International seminars on education, rural development, tourism management and environmental protection were also hosted with participants from Germany, Korea, Japan, Singapore and other countries. In addition to Germany and Korea, HU also has cooperation relations with universities in the United States, Austria, Thailand, Britain and Spain as well. International professors from Germany, Korea, the United States, Canada, Australia and Japan are recruited to teach and research on the campus each year.
HU takes the overall development of its students as prime priority besides academic learning. Various clubs, organized and administrated by the students, are sponsored by HU to meet the physical, moral, cultural and social interests and needs of students. Students excel in academic studies and are active in sports and other events in and outside of campus. Fencing and robots design enjoys prestigious reputation in China.Students from HU are awarded in the National Undergraduate Electronic Design Contest. The Foreign language club ( English, German, Japanese and Korean )is well known in Hefei City and attracts foreign language learners. Students fulfill their social and civic responsibilities by doing volunteer work in local communities and rural areas. For many years the graduates of HU have been well-accepted for their honesty and dependability with practical competence and skills.
The current president is Cai Jinming.

</doc>
<doc id="19348561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348561" title="Czerwony Sztandar (Lviv newspaper)">
Czerwony Sztandar (Lviv newspaper)

Czerwony Sztandar () was a Polish language daily, published by the Soviet occupation authorities in the city of Lwów (Lviv, Ukraine), between 5 October 1939 and June 1941, and then again between 1944 and 1950. Its circulation was 40,000 copies daily and the publication contained Soviet propaganda against the Second Polish Republic, clergy and the defeated Polish state authorities.
Among writers who published there were Wanda Wasilewska, Julian Stryjkowski, Stanisław Jerzy Lec and Leon Chwistek. In November 1939, a declaration of Polish writers was published in support of the incorporation of the Western Ukraine into Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19348572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348572" title="John Turnbull (field hockey)">
John Turnbull (field hockey)

John Inglehart Turnbull (June 30, 1910 – October 18, 1944) was an American field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and died in Belgium.
In 1936 he was a member of the American team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as halfback and forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19348574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348574" title="2004 World Sports Acrobatics Championships">
2004 World Sports Acrobatics Championships

19th World Sports Acrobatics Championships were held in Liévin, France from May 21 to May 23, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19348583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348583" title="Roldano Simeoni">
Roldano Simeoni

Roldano Simeoni (Civitavecchia, December 21, 1948) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1972. 
Simeoni was a member of the Men's National Team, that claimed the silver medal at the Montréal Olympics. During his career he was affiliated with "Società Nuoto e Canottaggio Civitavecchia" and "Pro Recco".

</doc>
<doc id="19348589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348589" title="Live in Japan (Glen Campbell album)">
Live in Japan (Glen Campbell album)

Live in Japan is the 28th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released, only in Japan, in 1975 (see 1975 in music). On January 24, 2012, "Live in Japan" finally saw a CD release. It was issued through "Real Gone Music".
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19348590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348590" title="Əmirxanlı">
Əmirxanlı

Əmirxanlı may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19348595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348595" title="Cairnsmore of Carsphairn">
Cairnsmore of Carsphairn

Cairnsmore of Carsphairn is a 797m high hill in the Southern Uplands of southern Scotland. An alternative name, rarely used nowadays, is Cairnsmore of Deugh. The usual route of ascent is from the A713 road to the west at the "Green Well of Scotland" a kilometre or so north from the village of Carsphairn in the far north of Kirkcudbrightshire.
Walking.
Cairnsmore is the highest hill in the Carsphairn hills and yet it
is a relatively easy hill to climb - over some rough grass, with no steep slopes and with a very flat summit area - though there are areas of more rugged ground on the outlying peaks of Beninner and Moorbrock. For most of the route there are excellent views westward over the Glenkens to the Rhinns of Kells in the Galloway Hills .
Climbing.
Because of the nature of the rock no good rock climbing has been recorded on the massif. However in winter after a good freeze there are a number of short ice climbs of up to 150 m on the slopes of Beninner and Moorbrock Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19348599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348599" title="The Secret (1974 film)">
The Secret (1974 film)

The Secret (French title Le Secret) is a 1974 French film, directed by Robert Enrico. It is a paranoid thriller film.
Synopsis.
At the start we see Jean-Louis Trintignant as a prisoner escaping from custody. On the run, he arrives at the home of a couple living in an isolated farmhouse (Marlène Jobert and Philippe Noiret). He claims that he is in possession of an important secret which the authorities are concealing, but he cannot disclose what it is himself. The couple are unsure whether to believe him, but give him some assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="19348615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348615" title="Simon Thomas (footballer)">
Simon Thomas (footballer)

Simon Vaughn Thomas (born 21 July 1984) is an English footballer who plays for Isthmian League Premier Division club Canvey Island. Thomas plays as a striker.
Career.
Thomas spent two years at Boreham Wood, helping them to avoid relegation. Following this he turned professional, signing with Crystal Palace for a small fee. During his first season at Palace, Thomas moved to Conference National side Grays Athletic on loan, and scored the equaliser in the 1–1 home draw against Weymouth. In February 2009, Thomas moved to Rotherham United on a one-month loan deal. The following season began with a loan spell back in the Conference, this time at Ebbsfleet United, where he scored a late winner at Eastbourne Borough.
On 16 October 2009, he joined Darlington on a three-month loan deal, making his debut on 17 October and scoring a goal in a 2–1 home win against Shrewsbury Town. He was released from Crystal Palace in early in January 2010, and signed for Isthmian League Premier Division club Billericay Town on 21 January. On 3 February 2010, Thomas played for Colchester United Reserves in a game which he scored two goals in a 5–1 win against Southend United Reserves.
Thomas rejoined for Grays Athletic in the Isthmian League Division One North at the start of the 2010–11 season. He made 35 appearances scoring 12 goals for Grays, before being released on 8 April 2011. He went on to join Chesham United in July 2011, ahead of the 2011–12 season and scored 43 goals in 92 matches for the Generals before moving to Canvey Island ahead of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19348632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348632" title="Britain Quay">
Britain Quay

Britain Quay is a quay and street in Dublin on the south bank of the River Liffey between Sir John Rogerson's Quay and the confluence of the River Liffey, River Dodder and Grand Canal.
The U2 Tower was to have been built here.

</doc>
<doc id="19348642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348642" title="Alberto Alberani">
Alberto Alberani

Alberto Alberani Samaritani (born May 22, 1947 in Florence) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1968. 
Alberani was a member of the Men's National Team, that claimed the silver medal at the Montréal Olympics. During his career he was affiliated with "Pro Recco" and "Sisport Fiat".

</doc>
<doc id="19348656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348656" title="Long Sam">
Long Sam

Long Sam was an American comic strip created by Al Capp, writer-artist of "Li'l Abner", and illustrated by Bob Lubbers. It was syndicated by United Feature Syndicate from 1954 to 1962. The strip was initially written by Capp, who soon turned the duties over to his brother, Elliot Caplin. Lubbers eventually assumed the writing duties himself in the strip's final phase.
Characters and story.
"Long Sam" was, like "Li'l Abner", a hillbilly strip, though based on a female character. The title character, Sam, was a tall, voluptuous, naive mountain girl who had been raised in a hidden valley away from civilization by her Maw, who hates men and wishes to protect her daughter from them. Comics historian Don Markstein detailed the situations and characters:
The strip is considered an example of good girl art, and Lubbers was chosen as the artist for his facility with attractive females in the syndicated "Tarzan" strip. In 1956, "Long Sam" featured the lyrics to a song, "Lonesome and Disgusted", which had a promotional tie-in when Coral Records issued a recording of the song by Capp and Lubbers with music by Dave Lambert. The vocalist on the recording was the comedian and voice actor Leo De Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="19348662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348662" title="Truth and Lies">
Truth and Lies

Truth and Lies is the title of the eighth studio album by The Levellers. It includes the singles "Make You Happy" and "Last Man Alive".

</doc>
<doc id="19348682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348682" title="Sălătruc River (Râul Șes)">
Sălătruc River (Râul Șes)

The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19348685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348685" title="Richard Laming">
Richard Laming

Richard Laming (c. 1798–May 3, 1879) was a British surgeon, natural philosopher, inventor, chemist and industrialist.
There is some uncertainty about his origins. It is believed that he was born Margate, England 17 August 1799, the son of James Laming, a packet owner, and Sarah Walton. He had an elder brother James, born 1791, who was a prosperous merchant. In 1825, Richard qualified for membership of the Royal College of Surgeons, and he established a practice in London.
During his leisure moments, Richard developed an interest in the theory of electricity. Between 1838 and 1851 he published a series of papers speculating about the electrical makeup of atoms. He hypothesized that there existed sub-atomic particles of unit charge; perhaps one of the first persons ever to do so. He suggested that the atom was made up of a core of material surrounded by concentric shells of these electrical 'atoms', or particles. He also believed that these particles could be added or subtracted to an atom, changing its charge.
Around 1844, he suggested a mechanism for an insulator as an atom surrounded by a "perfect external spherical strata" of electrical particles. He also supposed that chemical reactions could occur when two atoms share an electrical charge. However, perhaps because he provided no experimental backing for his ideas, he received little interest from the Royal Society.
In 1838 he moved to Paris, where he remained for about a decade. There his ideas also received little interest and he was regarded as eccentric. His medical practice apparently ended some time around 1842. When he returned to England his interests leaned toward chemistry, and began working in the coal-gas industry.
He applied for several patents:
The 1850 patent is for the Laming process, which was a method of removing hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide from coal gas.
During the 1860s, he apparently became interested in the telegraph and he applied for two patents for improvements to the device. He retired around 1865 to live along the south coast of England. He died May 3, 1879 in Arundel, Sussex. He was twice married and had at least two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19348696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348696" title="Summer (singer)">
Summer (singer)

Summer XO, (born Summer Rose Virshup on August 12, 1985) is a Los Angeles-based American singer-songwriter who plays guitar and piano. She is also a visual artist who creates poster-size pastel drawings of abstract emotive female faces, which she sells from her website.
Musical Career Biography.
Before renaming herself Summer XO in 2013, she performed under the names "Summer" and "Summer The Artist."
In June 2013, Summer began digitally releasing one song per month under the artist name "Summer XO." The first song, "Invented The Word" was accompanied by an official music video and an official lyric video. It was produced by Henry Strange and Uri Djemal.
In August, 2012, Summer digitally released a cover version of the Cyndi Lauper song, True Colors (song), produced by Henry Strange and Jess Stroup.
Summer released the album "Timing And Lighting" on LossLess Records in September, 2008. It was produced by Henry Strange, with the exception of the song, "Messed Up," which was produced by Jess Stroup.
In October, 2006, Summer was recognized as one of the “Top Ten Songwriters of 2006” by the Portland Songwriting Association.
Summer XO exclusively plays handmade Wechter brand acoustic guitars that have a visually unique double cutaway body style. She owns three Wechter Pathmaker Elite series. She often performs with all three on stage because of her use of different guitar tunings.
Visual Art Biography.
Since 2005, Summer XO has been regularly continuing her work on a series of pastel drawings of abstract female faces that depict a clear emotion. She releases new drawings each month for sale from her website. Due to the subject matter, Summer XO refers to the pieces in this series as "The Girls." She also often displays her drawings on stage during music performances.
Personal life.
From December 2011 to January 2012, Summer XO lived in Paris, France. While there, she busked in the Paris metro and played live shows.
Originally from West Virginia, Summer XO has taken up residence in Tampa, FL, Aix-En-Provence, France, Los Angeles, CA, Philadelphia, PA, Chicago, IL, Portland, OR, Miami, FL, and Paris, France.
From 2002-2006 and 2009-2011, Summer worked seasonally as a Marketing Tour Manager representing a variety of products and traveling across the United States for her work.
Summer XO is just over 6' tall.
Summer XO's marital status as of 2013 is unmarried.
Early life.
Summer XO is the eldest of five children. She spent most of her youth in the small town of Bridgeport, WV. Her father is an engineer and her mother is a homemaker. In her song “Pink Elephants,” Summer alludes to the fact that her mother has a mental illness. Though her mother is not known to be diagnosed with a mental illness, Summer believes her mother has a form of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder called compulsive hoarding.

</doc>
<doc id="19348699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348699" title="Historiae animalium (Gesner)">
Historiae animalium (Gesner)

Historiae animalium ("Histories of the Animals") published at Zurich in 1551-58 and 1587, is an encyclopedic work of "an inventory of renaissance zoology" by Conrad Gesner, a doctor and professor at the Carolinum, the precursor of the University of Zurich. It is the first modern zoological work that attempts to describe all the animals known, and the first bibliography of natural history writings. The five volumes of natural history of animals consists of more than 4500 pages.
Overview.
The "Historiae animalium" was Gesner's magnum opus, and was the most widely read of all the Renaissance natural histories. The work was so popular that Gesner's abridgement, "Thierbuch" ("Animal Book"), was published in Zurich in 1563, and in England Edward Topsell translated and condensed it as a "Historie of foure-footed beastes" (London: William Jaggard, 1607). Gesner’s monumental work is a record that attempts to build a connection between the ancient knowledge of the animal world and modern science. He then adds his own observations to formulate an all-inclusive description of the natural history of animals. 
Gesner’s "Historiae animalium" is based on the Old Testament, Hebrew, Greek, and Latin sources. The encyclopedic work is a compilation from folklore and ancient and medieval texts. The work compiled the inherited knowledge of ancient naturalists like Aristotle, Pliny and Aelian. Gesner was known as "the Swiss Pliny." For information on mythical animals he relied heavily on the material from the Physiologus. His research style was based on four principles: observation, dissection, travel, and an accurate description of the animals. These viewpoints from actual experience were new to Renaissance scholars. They had usually depended on information obtained solely on previous Classical authors for their reference material.
Though in his large work Gesner sought to distinguish facts from myths, his encyclopedic work also included mythical creatures and imaginary beasts, intermixed with the strange newly discovered animals of the East Indies, those of the far north and animals brought back from the New World. The work included extensive information on mammals, birds, fish, and reptiles. It described in detail their daily habits and movements. It also included their uses in medicine and nutrition. 
"Historiae animalium" showed the animals' places in history, literature and art. Sections of each chapter detailed the animal and its attributes, in the tradition of the emblem book. Gesner's work included facts in different languages such as the names of the animals. His information drew from folktales, myths, and legends. The colored woodcut illustrations were the first real attempts to represent animals in their natural environment. It is the first book with fossil illustrations. 
Gesner acknowledges one of his main illustrators was Lucas Schan, an artist from Strasbourg. He likely used other illustrators as well as himself. Gesner's approach to natural history was unusual for sixteenth century readers - it contained illustrations and pictures.
The first volume is an illustrated work on live-bearing four-footed animals (1551). Volume 2 is on egg-laying quadrupeds (1554). Volume 3 is on birds (1555). Volume 4 is on fish and aquatic animals (1558). A fifth volume, on snakes and scorpions, was published in 1587, after Gesner’s death.
There was extreme religious tension at the time "Historiae animalium" came out. Under Pope Paul IV it was felt that the religious convictions of an author contaminated all his writings, so it was added to the Catholic Church's list of prohibited books. Gesner was Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="19348702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348702" title="Cumberland Market Group">
Cumberland Market Group

The Cumberland Market Group was a short-lived artistic grouping in early twentieth century London. The group met in the studio of Robert Bevan in Cumberland Market, the old hay and straw market off Albany Street, and held one exhibition.
History.
Robert Bevan took the rooms on the first floor of 49 Cumberland Market, north of Regent's Park, in April 1914, after the break-up of the Camden Town Group and the formation of its successor, the London Group. He had been a founder member of both organizations. He held meetings there with his friends, and these became a formalised group towards the end of the year, founded by him with fellow Camden Town Group members, Charles Ginner and Harold Gilman, who began to work with the style called "Neo-Realism".
They defined what they did as exploring the shapes and colours of daily life (in particular those of north-west London), while also paying attention to their proper disposition compositionally and maintaining sensitivity to the medium of paint itself as key to an expressive image; the strong emphasis on natural observation was a differentiation from the Camden Town Group. These principles were announced in a manifesto by Ginner published in "New Age" on 1 January 1914, and also employed as the preface to a joint show that year by Gilman and Ginner. It spoke against the "decorative" features of Post-Impressionist followers, as well as attacking academic art.
In 1915 they were joined by John Nash. In April of that year the only exhibition of the Cumberland Market Group was held in the Goupil Gallery. The group was subsequently enlarged by the addition of the American artist Edward McKnight Kauffer and by Christopher Nevinson, but it held no further formal exhibitions. From 1916 to 1917 a School of Painting was run in Soho, based on the group's artistic philosophy. Goupil’s continued to be of help by allowing the group's Saturday afternoon "At Homes" to be moved to their Grey Room. Although not officially dissolved, the group lapsed after Gilman's death in 1919.
In 1921 Bevan organised, with Ginner, an exhibition of "Un Groupe de Peintres Anglais Modernes" at the Galerie Druet in Paris to present their own work and that of Stanislawa de Karlowska, Gilman, and the next generation artists E.M. O'Rourke Dickey, McKnight Kauffer, John Nash, Edward Wadsworth, William Roberts and Ethelbert White.
Legacy.
"A Countryman in Town: Robert Bevan and the Cumberland Market Group" was held at Southampton City Art Gallery, September 26 – December 14, 2008. It moved to Abbot Hall Art Gallery, Kendal, January 13 – March 21, 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="19348703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348703" title="Azerbaijan at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Azerbaijan at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Azerbaijan competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia having won one silver medal. Powerlifter Gunduz Ismayilov who initially had won a gold medal in Men's -90kg competition lifting 240 kg to set a world record was stripped of it with his record nullified after testing positive for the anabolic steroid nandrolone. Ismayilov subsequently was banned from the Paralympics for life in 2004 after testing positive for stanazolol in the 2004 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19348705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348705" title="Rash (disambiguation)">
Rash (disambiguation)

A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Rash may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19348728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348728" title="WYRC-LP">
WYRC-LP

WYRC-LP (92.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Spencer, West Virginia, USA. The station is currently owned by Roane County Board of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19348731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348731" title="Under the Radar (Daniel Powter album)">
Under the Radar (Daniel Powter album)

Under the Radar is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Daniel Powter and follows his 2005 self-titled second album. The album was released in September 2008 in Europe and was later released in North America in 2009. The song "Next Plane Home" was released as the first single of the album. It was followed by "Best of Me" and then "Whole World Around". This album also contains a new remix of "Love You Lately" which has a cleaner sound, extra keyboard/synthesizer effects, and some extra backing vocals as well as a re-recording of the song "Negative Fashion" which originally appeared on Powter's debut album "I'm Your Betty". In the UK, the album has debuted at number 43 and included an exclusive bonus track in the form of a live rendition of Bad Day in Vienna (This was also included on the Taiwan release).
The new remix of "Love You Lately" was re-released as a promo single in the US and has been getting frequent airplay in New England as of present on AC charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19348742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348742" title="Zebra &amp; Giraffe">
Zebra &amp; Giraffe

Zebra & Giraffe (abbreviated to Z & G) is an alternative rock band from South Africa. The band's debut album, "Collected Memories", was released on 5 May 2008.
History.
Greg Carlin.
Carlin grew up in Midrand, a suburb outside Johannesburg, South Africa where he attended Irene Primary School before progressing to high school at Midrand High School, which he graduated from in 1999. Carlin first realised his passion for music after receiving a drum kit as a gift at the age of twelve. While at school, Carlin played in a short-lived band called MSG (1997–1999) – the name of an additive found in food products they took off a chip packet. After school, he went on to study Fine Arts at South African university Tuks from 2001–2004, and also completed his honours degree, though he did not pursue fine art further.
During his time at university, Carlin took singing lessons for several months and bought tutorial CDs from the US. While at university, Carlin was the bassist and vocalist for the band White Lie (2004–2005), a side project of the punk band Remedy. In spite of a radio hit called "Runaway", the band’s run was brief and they broke up because the other band members wanted to focus on their university studies, the band was going nowhere anyway, so Greg called it a day. After varsity, Carlin decided to travel and on his return worked intermittently as a contractor at Standard Bank during 2005 to 2007. He taught himself the guitar (his favourite instrument), as well as piano/keyboard, bass and drums (the only instrument he was ever trained in).
Carlin was, for a while, an employee of record label, Just Music, where he handled the digital side of the business. He approached the head of the label, Karl Anderson, with a demo of his work and was offered a record deal.
"Collected Memories".
Carlin produced the band's debut album, "Collected Memories", with Darryl Torr from Dear Reader & Harris Tweed. The album was released on 5 May 2008. Nils van der Linden of Iafrica.com described the album as "the kind of slick but dark electro rock you'd expect a fan of New Order and Joy Division to make".
"The Knife" was chosen as the album's first single, and Carlin enlisted South African cinematographer Rob Malpage and producer Warwick Allan to make the music video. Warwick had a concept for the video, but had not heard the song; they soon got together and adapted the concept to suit the song. The Knife was #1 for 3 weeks on the Hi5@5 on 5FM and was also #1 for 5 weeks on the PUKFM charts. It went to #1 on other South African campus stations. The video was #1 for a couple of weeks on the MK Top10 music videos in South Africa. The release of the album and the national success of "The Knife" meant the band were "causing quite a stir" according to Music Industry Online.
At this point, Carlin needed to find additional members in order to enable the band to perform live. Though he was reluctant to assemble a touring group, he recruited Alan Shenton (guitar), Andrew Maskell (bass), Rob Davidson (keyboards) and Darren Leader (drums). "Arm Yourself", the second single from "Collected Memories", as well as its music video (again directed by Allan) was released in August 2008. The third single released by Z&G is the hit "Oxymoron," for which an HD stop motion video was shot by the bands still photographer, Marcus Maschwitz and directed & edited by band members, Greg Carlin and Alan Shenton. In January 2009 they released "Running Faster," followed by "In My Eyes," "Fight! Fight! Fight!" and "Pariahs." In total, 'Collected Memories' produced 7 Top 10 singles and achieved numerous # 1’s on the biggest National and College Radio stations around South Africa.
"The Knife EP".
In May 2010, Zebra & Giraffe launched their first International release – a 5 Track EP called ‘The Knife’. The EP, which features selected tracks from their debut ‘Collected Memories’, was mixed in London at Metropolis Studios by the acclaimed producer / mixer Cenzo Townshend. Townshend is famous for his work with bands like Editors, Florence and The Machine, Snow Patrol and U2. ‘The Knife’ EP includes the singles – ‘Oxymoron’, (mixed by Ken Lewis) ‘The Knife’, ‘In My Eyes’, ‘Arm Yourself’ and ‘Fight! Fight! Fight!’, and was released internationally in May 2010.
"The Inside".
Zebra & Giraffe released their 2nd long player in South Africa on 27 September 2010. Production began on this album in May of the same year. The majority of the album was recorded at RBF Studios in Johannesburg. The album was once again produced by Darryl Torr, and this time around mixed by Cenzo Townshend. Three different versions of the album will be released on the same date. A standard edition, a deluxe edition with a DVD documentary on the 'making of The Inside' album & video, and a 3rd edition with the Knife EP attached, also mixed by Cenzo Townshend. The album was written by Greg Carlin, Alan Shenton, and Darren Leader. Once again, Warwick Allan was recruited to direct & edit a video for the title track "The Inside."
The supported the release of "The Inside" around South Africa in October 2010. They visited: Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Bloemfontein, East London, Port Elizabeth, Grahamstown, Knysna, Stellenbosch, and finished up in Cape Town.
"The Wisest Ones".
In November 2011, Zebra & Giraffe went into studio as a three-piece (Greg Carlin, Alan Shenton, Mike Wright) with Grammy Award-winning producer-engineer Darryl Torr at his recording facility in Greenside, Johannesburg. The sessions comprised seven weeks in total, split over a period of six months. The album, entitled "The Wisest Ones", was mixed by Will Briere and Mark Needham in Los Angeles and was released in South Africa in July 2012.
Live performances.
In August and September 2008, Z&G played with pop folk band Dear Reader (formerly known as Harris Tweed) on a nationwide tour, "O’ The Places You’ll Go". The tour encompassed performances in various South African cities including Pretoria (Tshwane), Johannesburg, Stellenbosch, Cape Town, George, Knysna, Port Elizabeth, East London and Durban. The band played at the 2009 Coke Zero Festival, a music festival that took place in Johannesburg on 10 April 2009, and in Cape Town on 13 April 2009 with headliners Snow Patrol, Oasis, and Panic at the Disco. The 5 piece band travelled to Nairobi, Kenya in August 2009 to perform at the MTV Africa Music Awards (MAMA's) where they performed with South African rapper, D.A LES, combining the hit singles "The Knife" and D.A LES's "Fire." In 2009 they supported indie rock band, The Killers on the South African leg of their Day & Age tour in Johannesburg on 3, 4 December 2009 and in Cape Town on 6 December 2009. Z&G supported the release of "The Inside" around South Africa in October 2010. In May 2011 the 5 piece travelled to Los Angeles to perform at Passport Approved's Muse Expo. In August 2011 the band embarked on a nationwide tour entitled "The Haal Asem Kwagga Toer" with fellow Afrikaans rockers Van Coke Kartel.
Members.
Greg Carlin (Vocal, Rhythm Guitar)
Alan Shenton (Lead Guitar)
Mike Wright (Drums)
Stefan Henrico (Bass)

</doc>
<doc id="19348765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348765" title="Shanghai Translation Publishing House">
Shanghai Translation Publishing House

Shanghai Translation Publishing House (Chinese: 上海译文出版社) is the largest comprehensive translation publishing house in the People's Republic of China. Founded in January 1978, it is a member of Shanghai Century Publishing Group, which is also the parent company of Shanghai People's Publishing House, Truth and Wisdom Press, etc.
Shanghai Translation Publishing House specializes in publishing Chinese translations of world literature, philosophy and social sciences as well as bilingual dictionaries, foreign-language reference books and textbooks, and books on world culture. The editorial staff is composed of men and women with rich experience and of fairly great scholarship. They all have a good command of one or more of the world's major languages including Chinese, English, French, German, Russian, Japanese, Spanish, etc. In addition, the House is proud of its wide network of contributors who are either researchers and scholars in their own fields or renowned translators.
The House each year publishes more than 400 titles, more than half of which are Chinese translations of world literature. These books have enjoyed an immense popularity with readers both in China and abroad. It has always been STPH's practice to honor the rights of overseas authors. The House has been engaging in co-publishing projects with foreign publishers since 1988. And in 1990, when China was not yet a member country of the Berne Convention and Universal Copyright Convention, it bought the right to publish the translated version in simplified Chinese characters the novel Scarlett, sequel to Gone with the Wind. Up to now, more than 800 contracts concerning translation licenses have been signed with publishers abroad, among which are works by Hemingway, Faulkner, Foster, Maugham, Remarque, Boll, Hesse, etc.
The House also publishes Chinese translations of western philosophy, economics, history, international politics, biographies, etc. Important translations include THE DISCOVERS and THE CREATORS by D. J. Boorstin, SURVEY OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS (in 11 volumes), THE WORK OF NATIONS, REINVENTING GOVERNMENT, SCIENTISTS WHO HAVE CHANGED THE WORLD, DICTIONARY OF PSYCHOLOGY and THE EPIC QUEST FOR OIL, MONEY AND POWER.
Bilingual dictionaries, reference books for learners and teachers and foreign-language textbooks form another category of the House's publications. To date, the House has published quite a number of excellent dictionaries, including THE ENGLISH-CHINESE DICTIONARY(Unabridged), A NEW ENGLISH-CHINESE DICTIONARY, FRENCH-CHINESE DICTIONARY and GERMAN-CHINESE DICTIONARY. These lexicographical works have found themselves popular among users both Chinese and foreign. The print-run of A NEW ENGLISH-CHINESE DICTIONARY is over ten million, and the print-run of A NEW ENGLISH-CHINESE POCKET DICTIONARY is over five million.
Shanghai Translation Publishing House publishes additionally four major journals and magazines: FOREIGN LITERATURE AND ART is devoted to works by both modern and contemporary authors from all over the world; WINDOW ON THE WORLD is a comprehensive magazine giving miscellaneous information about foreign countries; and Car and Driver ; ELLE-PRC is a Sino-foreign joint venture, co-published by the House and Hachette Filipacchi Media of France. This magazine is regarded by the Chinese public as the best and most sophisticated fashion magazine in China.
Beside books, the House also produces audio-visual publications including materials for foreign language learning and juvenile education in the form of tapes, VCD, CD-ROM, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19348769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348769" title="Timeline (Ayreon album)">
Timeline (Ayreon album)

Timeline is the second compilation album by Dutch progressive metal project Ayreon. It was released in November 2008 in Europe. It was also released in North America in early 2009. The album features three CDs containing selected songs from all Ayreon albums, and a DVD featuring live performances, video clips and behind-the-scenes.
The third CD also feature an unreleased song, called "", which provide further insight into the final chapter of the Ayreon concept and the probable future of its characters. Jasper Steverlinck, singer of Arid, guest appeared as the vocalist of the song. He would later be invited by Arjen to sing on his new side project Guilt Machine.
Many songs were remastered for this release. Apart from the CDs and DVD, a timeline poster illustrating the Ayreon universe and a booklet containing new photos, lyrics, and notes on the story are also available in the Timeline package.
Background.
Arjen A. Lucassen said that he hasn't released a compilation album before because he didn't want to reunite random chapters of a whole history in a single album. However, after connecting all other Ayreon releases in the album 01011001, he changed his mind and decided to create the album, which can be described as a timeline outlining the entire story. As the album will feature a summarized version of Ayreon's concept, one can deduce that the concept has come to an end. Therefore, concerning Ayreon's future, Arjen stated: "I don't see this as the end of Ayreon, but rather as a new beginning. I'll definitely be recording some side projects before I even start thinking about re-inventing Ayreon. To keep things fresh for myself I've got to come up with a completely new concept for both the music and the lyrics. I hope I can do it...it will definitely be quite a challenge!"
Epilogue: The Memory Remains.
The brand new track, "Epilogue: The Memory Remains", adds further detail to the fate of the Forever alien race and the New Migrator, the soul of the Mars Colonist. After the last human dies, his spirit becomes the new Universal Migrator and begins traveling along the original Migrator Trail. As it does, it passes by Planet Y and breathes new life into its dormant, immortal race, rekindling their emotions as it does. The saga ends with mankind's brief existence serving a purpose after all.
Track listing.
CD 1.
1995: The Final Experiment
1996: 
1998: Into the Electric Castle
CD 2.
1998: Into the Electric Castle
2000: and 
2004: The Human Equation
CD 3.
2004: The Human Equation
2008: 01011001
2008: New previously unreleased Ayreon track

</doc>
<doc id="19348777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348777" title="Harvey Dow Gibson">
Harvey Dow Gibson

Harvey Dow Gibson (1882–1950) was an American businessman.
Family and Early Life.
Harvey Dow Gibson was born on March 12, 1882 at North Conway, New Hampshire, the son of James Lewis Gibson and Addie Dow. His father was telegraph operator for the Portland & Ogdensburg Railroad. He attended Fryeburg Academy, graduating in 1898.
From Fryeburg, he went on to Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, graduating in 1902.
Career.
Gibson began his career with the American Express Company, then later with Liberty National Bank, where he became president in 1916. As a result of the merger between Liberty National Bank and New York Trust Company, he became president of the latter. In December, 1930, as part of a plan by the New York Clearing House and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to stem bank runs, Gibson headed a group of investors which purchased the controlling interest in the Manufacturers Trust Company from Goldman Sachs, and he became president of the bank on January 5, 1931. 
Gibson was active with the American Red Cross, serving as its Commissioner in France during World War I, and as Commissioner to Great Britain during World War II.
He notably founded the Cranmore Mountain Resort in 1937, importing Austrian ski instructor Hannes Schneider to teach guests how to ski. He bought the Eastern Slope Inn in the same year, and served on the executive board of the New York World's Fair in 1939 and 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19348789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348789" title="Will Parker">
Will Parker

William James "Will" Parker (1873 - 10 November 1955) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Swansea. Parker first joined Swansea in 1893 and spent most of his sporting career with the club. During the 1903/04 season he was given the captaincy of Swansea, and the club won the championship under his leadership. He was chosen in 1905 as a member of the Swansea team to face the original touring All Blacks.
Rugby career.
Parker was selected on two occasions to represent Wales, both in the 1899 Home Nations Championship. His debut match was against England at St Helens when a then record crowd of 20,000 saw Wales overturn England 26-3, including four tries for Willie Llewellyn. Parker was chosen for the very next match against Scotland at Inverleith, but this time Wales were beaten and Parker was never re-selected.
After his retirement from rugby, Parker continued his links with the club by becoming a committee member.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19348792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348792" title="Halford Island">
Halford Island

Halford Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. The island lies in Frobisher Bay, south of Buerger Point.

</doc>
<doc id="19348800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348800" title="Nauru–Russia relations">
Nauru–Russia relations

Nauru–Russia relations are the bilateral relations between Nauru and Russia. Russia is represented in Nauru through its embassy in Canberra (Australia).
Russian financing.
The Russian mafia used Nauru banks to money launder during the 1990s; approximately USD 70 billion owned by Russian mafia were held in Nauru banks. This equated to 700 times the country's annual output. The money was transferred from Russian banks to accounts of banks chartered in Nauru, primarily to evade taxes as an offshore tax haven.
International reaction.
Nauru's role in Russian money laundering has attracted attention from around the world particularly after the September 11 attacks in 2001, when concern increased over the financing of terrorism. The "Washington Post" reported that: "International authorities say Nauru is increasingly providing cover for Russian organized crime" and quoted a senior US Government official:
The central bank of Russia has come to us and confirmed that large amounts of Russian capital are flowing into and out of Nauru, and that has raised concerns on their part and on ours and certainly raised suspicions.
In 2000, the President of Nauru, Rene Harris, responded to claims of illegal money movements by saying "Nauru does not tolerate criminal activities in its financial system".
Nauru's recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
In 2009, Nauru became only the fourth country to recognize the breakaway regions of Georgia, the republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Russia was reported to be giving Nauru $50m in humanitarian aid in return. Nauru's bilateral relations with Moscow have become even stronger after Nauru has recognized Abkhazia on December 15, 2009 and South Ossetia the next day. Nauru's foreign minister Kieren Keke stated: "I hope that other countries will follow our example and also recognize the independence of Abkhazia". The issue was dealt with in the winter session of the parliament.
Russian officials visited Nauru in March 2010 to discuss the allocation of the "huge aid grant" that Russia will be providing to the small country.

</doc>
<doc id="19348803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348803" title="Bloju River">
Bloju River

The Bloju River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19348817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348817" title="Controlled Demolition, Inc.">
Controlled Demolition, Inc.

Controlled Demolition, Inc. (CDI), founded by Jack Loizeaux in 1947, is a firm headquartered in Phoenix, Maryland that specializes in the use of explosives to create a controlled demolition of a structure, with the structure collapsing on itself into a pile of debris contained within the site of the building. Controlled Demolition claims to have imploded "more buildings, chimneys, towers, bridges, and other structures" than all of its other competitors combined.
The firm was created by Jack Loizeaux who used dynamite to remove tree stumps in the Baltimore, Maryland area, and moved on to using explosives to take down chimneys, overpasses and small buildings in the 1940s.
Records.
The firm has claimed world records for a series of 1998 projects: The June 23 demolition of the 1,201-foot-high Omega Radio Tower in Trelew, Argentina, "the tallest manmade structure ever felled with explosives"; The August 16 implosion of the 17-building Villa Panamericana and Las Orquideas public housing complex in San Juan, Puerto Rico, "the most buildings shot in a single implosion sequence"; and the October 24 project at the J. L. Hudson Department Store in Detroit, Michigan, which at in height became "the tallest building & the tallest structural steel building ever imploded" and its making it "the largest single building ever imploded".
Select Projects.
The Seattle Kingdome.
On March 26, 2000, the firm used 4,450 pounds of dynamite placed in 5,905 carefully sited holes and of detonation cord inserted over a period of four months to take down the 25,000-ton concrete roof of the Kingdome in Seattle, Washington in 16.8 seconds, one day before the 24th birthday of the stadium that had been the home of the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball and the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. The total cost for the demolition project was $9 million. The firm carefully planned the collapse of the roof to prevent its simultaneous free fall, creating a delay pattern that would break the roof into pieces and setting up 15-foot-high earth berms on the floor of the stadium to absorb the impact of the falling concrete. The demolition of the Kingdome established the record for the largest structure, by volume, ever demolished with explosives. The implosion of the 125,000-ton concrete structure did not cause a single crack in the foundation of the new stadium being built away.
Gettysburg National Tower.
CDI donated their services without charge to demolish and clear away the controversial Gettysburg National Tower on July 3, 2000 — the 137th anniversary of the final day of the Battle of Gettysburg. The National Park Service, eager to accept CDI's offer and save the $1 million USD originally set aside for the project, swiftly coordinated efforts to prepare the tower for the requested date. The 2 million pound (900,000 kg) tower was felled by of explosives in front of a crowd of 10,000.
World Trade Center Site.
On September 22, 2001, a preliminary cleanup plan for the World Trade Center site was delivered by Controlled Demolition, Inc. in which Mark Loizeaux, president of CDI, emphasized the importance of protecting the slurry wall (or "the bathtub") which kept the Hudson River from flooding the WTC's basement.
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 40.
The tower was disassembled during late 2007 and early 2008. Demolition of the Mobile Service Structure (MSS), by means of a controlled explosion, occurred on 2008-04-27. "National Geographic Channel: Man Made: Rocket Tower" has a full episode on the demolition 
Alfred P. Murrah building, Oklahoma City.
On May 24, 1995, the firm was responsible for the demolition of the structure left standing after its bombing on April 19, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19348818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348818" title="Minchinabad Tehsil">
Minchinabad Tehsil

Minchinabad Tehsil (), is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Minchinabad is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 20 Union Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="19348826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348826" title="Big Brother Germany (season 3)">
Big Brother Germany (season 3)

Season Three of Big Brother Germany lasted from 27 January 2001 to 12 May 2001 and was aired on RTL and RTL 2.
Season summary.
After a very successful second season the producers did not hesitate to start the third installment of the show already a scarce month after the end of the second season with keeping the basic format the same. However the producers introduced three twists in hope of keeping the excitement up: The first one was that Coco and Katja, a dating couple entered the house together which marked the first time that two housemates knew each other before the show officially (several contestants met at auditions in former seasons). Also every housemate had now three nominations point to give out - two for the least liked and one for the second least liked person in the house. The same changes were made to the viewer's nominations. The biggest twist however was announced after the twelve original housemates entered the house on launch night: it was revealed that trained actress Silvia was a mole working for Big Brother. As a result of the heavy amount of voluntary exits during season 2, the contestants had to pay a deposit before entering the house and would receive 1.000 euro per week in their stay in the house. However, they would only get the deposit and the money they earned when they get evicted.<br>
Due to the lack of diversity and conflicts between the housemates which have mostly been considered as "boring" and "dull" the producers decide to make an offer of 100.000 DM which the person that would voluntary walk on the same night would earn. After almost all the housemates wanted to take the offer, Anja walked away with the money. On the same night Big Brother revealed that there would be a mole in the house left it to everyones speculation who that person was. Some days later Big Brother asked the Mole to reveal her identity to the other housemates and to leave the house afterwards. As replacements for Anja and Silvia, blonde bombshell Ana-Marija and Thomas, who was sitting in a wheelchair and was chosen by the viewers to move in, entered the house with none of them having any huge impact on the show either.<br>
After 106 Days Karina Schreiber won the season, just like the first two winners John Milz and Alida Kurras, Schreiber was raised in the GDR and was considered as the nicest person in the house and was never nominated.<br>
The third season was a huge disappointment in terms of ratings and entertainment and saw the show being off the screen for more than two years with RTL never airing a Big Brother show anymore.
Housemates.
Entered on Day 1:
Replacement contestants:

</doc>
<doc id="19348843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348843" title="Mary Ann McLaughlin">
Mary Ann McLaughlin

Mary Ann McLaughlin, MD, MPH is an American cardiologist, the author of multiple book chapters and an Associate Professor at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City.
Her research – funded with grants from the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, the National Institutes of Health, the American Heart Association, the American College of Cardiology and the New York Academy of Medicine – focuses on the improvement of cardiovascular care for women, the elderly and minorities.
Biography.
McLaughlin received her B.A. in Biology from the University of Virginia in 1984 and graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1990 as member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society. She completed both an internship and residency at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in 1993 and received her Master's in Public Health from Columbia University School of Public Health in 1996.
She is co-founder of the Women's Cardiac Assessment and Risk Evaluation Program at the Mount Sinai Medical Center, serves on the editorial board of "Focus on Healthy Aging" and, as of July 2008, is a member of the American Heart Association's Boards of Directors (East Coast region).
Publications.
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="19348866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348866" title="List of Ministers of Justice of Catalonia">
List of Ministers of Justice of Catalonia


</doc>
<doc id="19348879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348879" title="Haroonabad Tehsil">
Haroonabad Tehsil

Haroonabad Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Haroonabad is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 22 Union Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="19348890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348890" title="Auguste Escoffier School of Culinary Arts">
Auguste Escoffier School of Culinary Arts

Auguste Escoffier School of Culinary Arts, formerly the Culinary School of the Rockies, was founded in 1991 as a culinary school in Boulder, Colorado, USA. It is a nationally accredited program offering multiple professional diploma programs, classes for food enthusiasts and corporate cooking team building events. 
History.
The school was founded by Joan Brett in 1991 as Cooking School of the Rockies. In 1993 the school changed its name to Culinary School of the Rockies (CSR). The school introduced its first professional program, Culinary Arts in 1996. Since then, CSR has expanded the professional programs with Chef Track and Pastry Arts. In 2001, CSR introduced the Corporate Kitchen program, offering private events and team building for companies. In 2011, CSR became an affiliate of Escoffier, which also is located in Texas.
Educational programs.
Excoffier Boulder is accredited by the Accrediting Council for Continuing Education and Training (ACCET), and approved and regulated by the Colorado Department of Higher Education, Division of Private Occupational Schools.
Professional programs.
Culinary Arts.
Escoffier Boulder offers a full-time, 23-week Culinary Arts comprehensive curriculum that teaches a full menu each day. Menus increase in complexity and focus on classic recipes and modern trends. The school provides small class sizes and individualized attention to students. The curriculum also includes a 5-week off-site, Colorado Farm-to-Table Externship, working with local family farmers and artisan producers in sustainable farming practices.
Pastry Arts.
Pastry Arts is a 15-week, part-time or daytime program that focuses upon the essentials of pastry and baking and advanced pastry topics.
Home Cook Programs.
The Escoffier Home Cook Program provides recreational workshops and 5-week techniques classes for amateur cooks.

</doc>
<doc id="19348904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348904" title="Collectors' Items">
Collectors' Items

"Collectors' Items" is a 1956 studio album by Miles Davis. There are two sessions collected on the album with largely different musicians. The first 1953 session is "Compulsion", "The Serpent's Tooth" (two takes) and "'Round About Midnight". The second 1956 session is "In Your Own Sweet Way", "Vierd Blues" and "No Line". The personnel for the first session were Davis, Sonny Rollins and Charlie Parker (credited under the nom de plume "Charlie Chan" due to his contractual obligations to a rival label) on tenor saxes, Walter Bishop on piano, Percy Heath on bass and Philly Joe Jones on drums. For the second session, the tenor sax was Rollins alone, the piano was Tommy Flanagan, the bass Paul Chambers and Art Taylor on drums.
According to the sleeve notes by Ira Gitler, the 1953 session was only the second time Parker had recorded on a tenor sax. According to the CD edition's liner notes, that session was the only time Parker and Rollins recorded together.
Parker was also billed as "Charlie Chan" on the 1953 album "Jazz at Massey Hall". Also for Parker, this album represented a posthumous release, since it was released a year after his death, in New York City in March 1955.
Track listing.
Original LP
"Additional tracks included on Prestige 24022:"
""Conception" recorded October 5, 1951 (first released on Prestige 7013), with Miles Davis (trumpet), Sonny Rollins (tenor sax), Walter Bishop (piano), Tommy Potter (bass), Art Blakey (drums); the remainder recorded in 1955 for Debut Records (originally released as the album "Blue Moods"), with Miles Davis (trumpet), Britt Woodman (trombone), Charles Mingus (bass), Teddy Charles (vibes), Elvin Jones (drums)."

</doc>
<doc id="19348905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348905" title="Szczyrzyc Abbey">
Szczyrzyc Abbey

Szczyrzyc Abbey () is a Cistercian abbey founded in 1234 in the village of Szczyrzyc, Poland. It continues to function as a monastery and is one of the Polish Shrines to the Virgin Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="19348929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348929" title="List of Speakers of the Massachusetts House of Representatives">
List of Speakers of the Massachusetts House of Representatives

This is a list of Speakers of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="19348939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348939" title="DSFC">
DSFC

DSFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19348943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348943" title="James Langstaff (bishop)">
James Langstaff (bishop)

James Henry Langstaff (born 27 June 1956) is the current Bishop of Rochester.
Langstaff was educated at St Catherine's College, Oxford and ordained in 1982. His ordained ministry began with a curacy at St Peter's Farnborough, Hampshire, after which he was Vicar of St Matthew's Duddeston and St Clement's Nechells. He was the then chaplain to the Rt Revd Mark Santer (Bishop of Birmingham) and Area Dean of Sutton Coldfield before his ordination as Bishop of Lynn in 2004. Langstaff was enthroned as Bishop of Lynn on 26 June 2004.
On 22 June 2010, it was announced that Langstaff was to become the Bishop of Rochester, succeeding the Rt Revd Michael Nazir-Ali. He was installed on 11 December 2010.
Langstaff is married with two children, Alasdair and Helen.

</doc>
<doc id="19348968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19348968" title="Gabriel Island">
Gabriel Island

Gabriel Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. The island lies in Frobisher Bay, south of Hamlen Bay, and southwest of the Hall Peninsula. Islands in the immediate vicinity include Nouyarn Island to the east, McLean Island to the west, and Chase Island to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="19349000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349000" title="Zig and Zag (puppets)">
Zig and Zag (puppets)

Zig and Zag are an Irish puppet duo performed by Mick O'Hara and Ciaran Morrison.
The characters are a pair of furry extraterrestrial twins from the planet Zog. They made their television début on RTÉs, "Dempsey's Den", in 1987. A year later they won a Jacob's Award for TV Personalities of the year. In 1992 Zig and Zag found fame in the UK when they joined the team of the Channel 4 breakfast show "The Big Breakfast". During the 1990s the characters spawned a merchandising range of comic books, videos and embarked on a recording career – scoring a UK top five single with "Them Girls Them Girls".
In 2010 the characters saw a resurgence in their popularity as they joined the "Big Brother's Little Brother" team and in October 2010 they were commissioned to host a flagship Saturday morning radio show on 2FM called "Smells Like Saturday". A brand new TV bloopers show hosted by Zig and Zag entitled "Zig & Zag's Superbloopers" was announced on the RTE TV website in June 2011 with a full series of the show broadcast in September 2012.
Characters.
Zig and Zag's full names are Zigmund Ambrose Zogly and Zagnatius Hillary Zogly and claim they were born 29 February 1971 on Zog.
Zig is beige (although he claimed to be fawn) with red "zogabongs" (pom-pom antennae) and a tuft of green hair, and Zag is purple with green spots and yellow zogabongs and dreadlocks.
In their original RTÉ incarnation, Zig often came across as the more intelligent one, with Zag under his thumb (most evident in their "Story Time" segments, when Zig would read a nursery rhyme to the audience, and Zag would grudgingly act it out). Zag also displayed a penchant for cross-dressing and playing with Barbie dolls.
However, after the two moved to Channel 4, Zag began to be portrayed as the more intelligent older brother, a lecherous lady-killer who claimed to fly every weekend to Hollywood to dine with the stars, as well as performing ragga songs in his guise of "Ragga Zagga".
Zig was then portrayed as a weak-willed childish simpleton, constantly giggling at rude jokes (like the word "bottom"), obsessed with specific things (such as "The Hunt for Red October" or his rash) and frequently unaware of what was going on around him.
Creators.
Ciaran Morrison and Mick O'Hara provide the voices for Zig and Zag respectively. Their production company, Double Z Enterprises produced "The Den" when Zig and Zag featured. In 2003 they produced a TV series for Channel 4, The Bronx Bunny Show. They also regularly appear on RTÉ Two in their current incarnations of Podge and Rodge, fellow characters from "The Den" with an unsavoury past but who are now reformed enough for RTÉ to commission their own primetime chat show, "The Podge and Rodge Show".
TV Work.
When Ian Dempsey left the then titled "Dempsey's Den" in 1990, Zig and Zag remained on with his replacement Ray D'Arcy. Their alien dog, Zuppy, also featured on television at this time. Zuppy remained with "The Den" for some years after Zig and Zag left.
After having worked on "The Den" for a number of years, Zig and Zag worked concurrently on "The Big Breakfast" subsequently exiting "The Den" to work on the show exclusively. After their departure from RTÉ, Dustin the Turkey took over with new character Soky.
On "The Big Breakfast", the two acted as interviewers in "the crunch" segment of the show. During this time, they also starred in a series of adverts for Yoplait yogurts. Zig and Zag made an appearance on MTV Europe on the show "MTV's Most Wanted" and this appearance led to their own MTV Europe sketch programme, "The Zig and Zag Show". After a revamp of "The Big Breakfast", they were dropped and produced a kids entertainment show also entitled "The Zig and Zag Show" for ITV. They then returned to Ireland to present the music quiz, "2Phat" with Ray D'Arcy until 2001. They starred in a children's programme called "Me:Tv" for Nickelodeon UK and Ireland in the summer of 2006, the premise of which was kids used their own webcams to present the show. In 2010 they joined Big Brother's Little Brother team to interview past contestants.
Zig and Zag returned to Irish TV screens with an hour long Christmas special in 2011 entitled "Zig and Zag's Superbloopers" co-hosted by Aidan Power. The three returned for a six-part series of the blooper show broadcast on RTE 1 in September 2012.
In May 2012, Dou­ble Z Pro­duc­tions and Flick­er­pix announced they were gearing up to begin production over the summer for a new, 2D animated show to debut in 2014. The series is writ­ten by Zig and Zag cre­ators Cia­ran Mor­ri­son and Mick O’Hara who will also voice the char­ac­ters. The series will be pro­duced by Ronan McCabe for Dou­ble Z and David Cum­ming for Flick­er­pix. Joel Simon, cre­ative direc­tor at Flick­er­pix, will direct the series.
Merchandise.
Music.
Zig and Zag's first single "The Christmas No.1" reached No.1 in Ireland at Christmas 1990. Their album "Never Mind the Zogabongs...Here's Zig and Zag" and second single "Zig Zaggin Around" both also topped the Irish charts in 1991. On the back of their success on the Big Breakfast the pair were signed by Simon Cowell and released two singles on RCA. "Them Girls, Them Girls" produced by DJ Erick Morillo was released throughout Europe and its highest chart position in the U.K charts was at No.5 for the week ending 7 January 1995.
Singles
Albums
Books.
Zig and Zag produced a number of books in Ireland and the U.K. The first five books in the list were produced exclusively in Ireland as paperback fully illustrated comic books. In the U.K a further two comic book style paperbacks were produced, a hardback annual, a tie-in book with the film Dirty Deeds with photographs and text related to the film and a 416 page joke book.
Awards.
Jacobs Television Awards:
National Entertainment Awards:
Royal Television Society Award:
Promax Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19349018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349018" title="Box junction">
Box junction

A box junction is a road traffic control measure designed to prevent congestion and gridlock at junctions. The surface of the junction is typically marked with a criss-cross grid of diagonal painted lines (or only two lines crossing each other in the box), and vehicles may not enter the area so marked unless their exit from the junction is clear (or, if turning, to await a gap in the oncoming traffic flow). 
In both Ireland and the United Kingdom (where cars drive on the left), drivers may enter the box and wait when they want to turn right and are stopped from doing so only by oncoming traffic or by other vehicles waiting to turn right.
Similar yellow boxes may be painted on other areas of roadway which must be kept free of queuing traffic, such as exits from emergency vehicle depots or level crossings. 
Box junctions are most widely used in many European countries such as Cyprus, Ireland, Malta, Portugal, Serbia and the United Kingdom; in parts of the United States such as New York and Colorado; and other countries, including Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, South Africa, Taiwan, and Brazil.
Unmarked equivalents.
In Australia, New Zealand and the European Union (excluding Ireland and the United Kingdom), road rules state that every intersection is a box: that is, you may not enter any intersection unless there is clear space on the other side, whether it is marked or not. In the EU this also applies to junctions with a minor road within the waiting area of a traffic light on the major road. This is generally respected, but the diagonal grid is still painted on some congested intersections to remind drivers of the rule and on level crossings where blocking the intersection could cause an accident. The same rule applies at every intersection in Russia.
In many U.S. states, laws intending to decrease gridlock at intersections, railroad crossings, and marked crosswalks have been enacted which prohibit motorists from entering any of the three until they are certain their vehicle can clear it. No special road markings are used to indicate this rule, but some governments post warning signs to increase awareness of the law at problematic intersections.

</doc>
<doc id="19349029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349029" title="Mayura Hoshitsuki">
Mayura Hoshitsuki

Life and career.
Hoshitsuki made her AV debut in August 2002 with the Crystal-Eizou company but her video appearances were rather limited in her early years. Starting in 2004, her career blossomed and the list of DVDs under her name at Amazon numbered 192 in late 2010. From early in her career, Hoshitsuki has been involved in videos portraying most of the standard genres of Japanese pornography: bukakke, gokkun, public nudity and sex, bondage (BDSM), and cosplay. 
Although she made her first video with the Dogma studio and director TOHJIRO in 2004 ("Confinement Chair Trance"), she did not become a contract actress at Dogma until 2006. Most of her work was done with Dogma which is known for its sometimes bizarre fetish movies, often containing scenes of forced fellatio. Hoshitsuki has participated in several extreme fetish videos for Dogma. The 2006 video "Lolita Sperm Lesbians" counts 132 ejaculations while for the 2008 video "Vomit Lesbian Drug", director TOHJIRO awarded her and her co-star the "medal of vomit fetishists" and said: "No one can make better puke porn than this." She also had lactation scenes in two early 2008 titles, "Ero Pop Girl" and "Soft And Dirty - Mayura’s Wank Navigator". In another film ("10 Year Special Lessons In Secret Technique Men’s Bible Vol. 1"), she and other Dogma actresses get lessons in the technique of squirting ("shiofuki" in Japanese porn) from the expert, actor Taka Kato. She also participated in a live SM-Night show with other Dogma studio actresses (she is the leader of the group known as director TOHJIRO's M (Masochist) Women) for 200 Dogma fans.
At the second D-1 Climax Award ceremony in 2006, Hoshitsuki was given the "Erotic Cinderella" (エロシンデレラ) award for Best Actress, along with Chihiro Hasegawa and Maki Tomoda. Her 2005 film "M Drug - Female Meat Toilet - Mayura Hoshitsuki" won the
Grand Prize at the first D-1 Climax Awards. Another of her videos "Dream School 10", done with 7 other actresses, was the Moodyz entry in the 2006 AV Open Contest. For her performance in the "pink film" Hoshitsuki was given a Best New Actress award at the 2006 Pink Grand Prix ceremonies. Additional recognition came to Hoshitsuki for her November 2008 film, "Vomit Enema Ecstasy X", which was the Dogma entry in the 2009 AV GrandPrix contest where it won the Digital Sales Award.
Hoshitsuki did not work for four months in 2006-2007 because she was "recuperating on doctor's orders". Since then, her video appearances have been limited. She released her first uncensored video - one in which the genitals are not obscured by pixellation as in most Japanese pornography - in March 2008. In September 2009, Dogma released "History of Mayura Hoshitsuki", an 8 hour compilation of episodes from her 19 titles with Dogma plus interviews with Hoshitsuki and director Tohjiro.
Hoshitsuki is an ardent blogger and her extensive official blog dates back to April 2005 with frank discussions of her life and health problems. She is an animal lover: snakes, horses, tortoises, dogs and cats, etc., and her blog often has pictures of her pets.
In March 2010, Hoshitsuki announced her retirement from the AV industry due to health reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19349035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349035" title="Timothy Read">
Timothy Read

Timothy Read (fl. 1626 – 1647) was a comic actor of the Caroline era, and one of the most famous and popular performers of his generation.
As with many other performers of his historical era, nothing is known of Read's early life. The first evidence of his career comes in 1626, when he played Cardona, a woman's role, in James Shirley's "The Wedding" with Queen Henrietta's Men. Read appears to have spent the early 1630s with the King's Revels Men, but returned to the Queen Henrietta's company after the bubonic plague epidemic of 1636–37, when personnel of the two troupes combined. With the Queen's company, Read played Buzzard in Richard Brome's "The English Moor", perhaps in 1637.
He won his fame as a dancer. Performances in English Renaissance theatre, even tragedies, ended with a clown dancing a jig, and Read was one of a long line of comics, reaching from Richard Tarlton through John Shank, who earned a large and welcoming audience through this practice.
One of the best indices of Read's fame occurs in "The Stage Player's Complaint", a pamphlet printed in 1641. The pamphlet presents the two leading comic actors of the day, Andrew Cane and Timothy Read, in a dialogue about the difficulties of the clowning life. (The summer of 1641 saw another theatre closure due to plague.) In the pamphlet, Cane, renowned for his clever repartee, is called Quick; Read, famous for his fast feet, is called Light. The text of the "Complaint" seems to indicate that Read was then a member of the King's Men, though scholars have disputed the point.
The Puritan authorities of London closed the theatres in 1642, at the start of the English Civil War; but the actors continued to perform, when and where they could. Read was among the players arrested on 6 October 1647, during a performance of Beaumont and Fletcher's "A King and No King" at the Salisbury Court Theatre.
Read's end is mysterious; but his continuing fame is demonstrated by allusions to him, in works from his own and the next generation. In the Praeludium of "The Careless Shepherdess" (published 1656), one speaker says,
The burials of two Read children, a son and daughter, are recorded in the parish records of St. Giles, Cripplegate, in 1645 and 1646.

</doc>
<doc id="19349040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349040" title="The Breath of Life (play)">
The Breath of Life (play)

The Breath of Life is a 2002 play by dramatist David Hare. It tells the story of a woman who is confronted by the wife of her lover. Over the course of one day and one night, the two women reflect on their lives and the relationship with the central, yet offstage, male character.
Of the central theme of the play, Hare wrote "You can no longer call it middle age, and you certainly can't call it old age. It's something in between... I wanted to describe two women at exactly that moment; a long past behind them, but the expectation of a considerable future in front of them." 
It took Hare a full 12 months to write the play.
The play began previews at the Theatre Royal Haymarket in the West End on October 3, 2002, starring Judi Dench as Frances Beale and Maggie Smith as Madeleine Palmer. It was sold out by the time it opened on October 15, 2002. 
It was due to play a strictly-limited season until December 21, 2002 but demand was so popular the run was extended to February 1, 2003, following a Christmas break. The show then added another month to its run, closing on March 1, 2003.
Although the play has been performed in the USA by regional companies, it has yet to receive a Broadway premiere.
Isla Blair and Patricia Hodge starred in a short revival of the play at the Lyceum Theatre, Sheffield from February 21-26, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19349042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349042" title="Maksim Skavysh">
Maksim Skavysh

Maksim Pyatrovich Skavysh (, ; born 13 November 1989) is a Belarusian footballer (striker) playing currently for Baltika Kaliningrad.
Skavysh began his playing career with BATE's reserve team, and joined the first team during the 2008 season when the club won the league.
On 11 September 2010, Skavysh netted a last-minute goal against FC Naftan Novopolotsk in a Belarusian Premier League game. On 16 October 2010, he repeated the exercise for a 3:2 away win against Dnepr Mogilev.
Skavysh was a member of the Belarus U21 that finished in 3rd place at the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. He played in all five of the matches and scored in the 2:0 group stage win against Iceland U21. He also represented the Belarus Olympic team that participated in the 2012 Toulon Tournament and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He made his debut for the senior national side of his country on 3 June 2013, in the 2:0 away win over Estonia in a friendly match.

</doc>
<doc id="19349054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19349054" title="Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria">
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria

There are over 9000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Cumbria, sub-divided by district.

</doc>
