<doc id="19408793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408793" title="List of Merlin characters">
List of Merlin characters

This is a list of characters in the BBC fantasy drama television series "Merlin", including supporting characters.
"Note: All characters are listed in alphabetical order by their first name."
A.
Aglain.
Aglain (portrayed by Colin Salmon) was a Druid man who lived in the Forest of Acestir. In the second season episode, "The Nightmare Begins", he, with the assistance of Mordred, rescued Morgana from a group of serkets, and later healed the injury she sustained from one of the creatures. While she resided with him and his fellow Druids, Aglain encouraged Morgana not to fear herself and her emerging abilities, telling her that magic was not evil and not something Uther should hate. When Arthur and his knights arrived in pursuit of Morgana, whom they thought had been kidnapped by the Druids, Aglain tried to help Morgana and Mordred flee with his people. However, in the process, he was shot dead by one of Arthur's men.
Agravaine de Bois.
Agravaine de Bois (portrayed by Nathaniel Parker) was the brother of Ygraine and Tristan de Bois and the uncle of Arthur who appeared in the fourth season. Though he was supposedly in Camelot to act as an advisor to Arthur, Agravaine was really there to help Morgana in her attempts to seize the throne. Holding Uther responsible for the deaths of his siblings, Agravaine placed a charmed necklace on the dying Uther's neck in "The Wicked Day" that would ultimately be responsible for the king's death in that episode.
Throughout the fourth season, Agravaine influenced Arthur heavily in matters of state, even encouraging the young king to go against his own instincts and wishes, such as killing the king of another kingdom who had been raiding inside Camelot's borders and distancing himself from Gwen in the episode, "His Father's Son". However Morgana often has doubts about Agravaine's abilities throughout Season 4 and is often seen threatening him and he in returns attempts to pacify her and assure Morgana of his abilities. Agravaine kept his cover as a seemingly loyal kinsman to Arthur until the penultimate episode, "The Sword and the Stone, Part One", when he cleared the way for Morgana and the warlord, Helios, to invade Camelot, even joining in the fighting during the battle. After Camelot was secured, Agravaine led a group of warriors in pursuit of Arthur and Merlin, who were fleeing to Ealdor. In the fourth season finale, "The Sword in the Stone, Part Two", Agravaine was chased into a series of caves by Kilgharrah. While seeking the fugitive Arthur, Agravaine was confronted by Merlin. The older man discovered then that Merlin was actually Emrys and he seems to express some desire to inform the world as he laughs and then attempts can kill him. In response, Merlin used his magic to slam Agravaine into a wall, breaking his neck and killing him instantly.
Aithusa.
Along with Kilgarragh the Great Dragon, Aithusa is the only other living dragon left in existence. She first appears in the episode "Aithusa" when as an egg, she is rescued by Merlin from Jules Borden in the Tomb of Ashkanar. Due to his powers as a Dragonlord, Merlin is able to hatch her, and her status as a White Dragon is taken as a sign of good fortune by Kilgarragh. However, this changes when she heals Morgana in "The Sword in the Stone: Part 2". In "Arthur's Bane Part 2", she is revealed to have been imprisoned for two years with Morgana by Sarrum of Amata, and the trauma of the imprisonment was such that she is left unable to speak. She is revealed to be perhaps the only being Morgana cares for, and is very much loyal to her. She participates in attacking the forces of Camelot on several occasions in Season 5, and it is only Merlin's powers as Dragonlord that prevent her from killing him and his allies. She also aids in forging Mordred's sword to aid him in killing Arthur. At the Battle of Camlann, she participates in the battle itself until Merlin drives her away, though her further fate is unknown. Aithusa seems to be based off the white dragon that represented the Saxons in Arthurian legend, and is noticeably small compared to Kilgarragh, only being as large as a wyvern at around 6 or 7 feet long.
Alator.
Alator (portrayed by Gary Lewis) was an enigmatic, magical warrior and priest who briefly allied with Morgana in the episode, "The Secret Sharer". Seeking the true identity of Emrys, Morgana engaged his services in exchange for the healing bracelet Morgause had given her in the second season. Alator and his follower then kidnapped Gaius and proceeded to torture him for information about Emrys. When Gaius inevitably gave in and told Alator Emrys' true identity as well as the prophecies about him, Alator switched sides, rescuing Merlin from Morgana by knocking her out. After that, he tells Merlin that he knows Merlin's plans to make a better world, and that he would gladly give his life for it. He did. Captured by Morgana three years later, Alator refused to reveal Emrys' identity. Morgana used magic to break his neck, and the noble priest died.
Alice.
Alice (portrayed by Pauline Collins) is a sorceress who lived in Camelot before the Great Purge, possessing a great natural power with a specialty for healing spells. In the episode, "Love in the Time of Dragons", it was revealed that she and Gaius were more than very close friends before the Great Purge due to their shared interests, and were even engaged to be married. When the Great Purge began, however, Gaius was forced to help Alice flee Camelot by striking her name from Uther's lists and remaining behind to avoid drawing attention to his role in her escape.
In the episode, Alice returned to Camelot, supposedly hoping to see Gaius again. Although Gaius was happy to be reunited with her, Merlin soon discovered that she was under the influence of a manticore, which Alice had summoned in the hope of using its dark magic for good. The manticore, however, had instead gained control of her and wished to use her relationship with Gaius to kill Uther. Despite the manticore's plan to poison the king succeeding, Merlin and Gaius were able to cure Uther by killing the manticore. Gaius subsequently helped Alice to escape Camelot again, the night before her scheduled execution.
Anhora.
Anhora (portrayed by Frank Finlay) is the guardian of the unicorns. In the episode, "The Labyrinth of Gedref", after Arthur killed a unicorn while hunting, Anhora informed him that he had unleashed a curse upon Camelot that could not be lifted unless Arthur made amends. Anhora set a variety of 'tests' for the prince, the second of which Arthur failed when he 'killed' a thief for insulting his pride and honour.
After seeing Arthur's despondency, Merlin sought out Anhora and asked him to give the prince a second chance. Anhora instructed Arthur to go to the Labyrinth of Gedref. Arthur did so, with Merlin following behind him in secret. Anhora took that opportunity to kidnap Merlin, making the warlock part of Arthur's final test. When Arthur drank from a goblet that he thought was filled with poison, Anhora stated that because Arthur had been willing to sacrifice himself for Merlin, the curse would be lifted. Anhora later stated that when Arthur showed true remorse for killing the unicorn, proving himself pure of heart, the unicorn that had been killed at the start of the episode was given the chance to live again.
Aredian.
Aredian (portrayed by Charles Dance) was a freelance sorcerer hunter, nicknamed 'The Witchfinder'. In the second season episode, "The Witchfinder", Uther hired Aredian to search Camelot for sorcerers after a smoke manipulation spell, performed by Merlin, was witnessed and reported by a citizen. After interrogating several people, Aredian accuses Merlin of sorcery. In a subsequent search of Gaius' workshop, an enchanted bracelet was found and taken as evidence of Merlin's guilt. Trying to protect Merlin, Gaius claimed ownership of the bracelet, which resulted in Gaius being taken into custody and Merlin being released.
Aredian then proceeded with an intense interrogation, and then blackmailed Gaius into giving a false confession of sorcery, stating that if he did so, he would not accuse Merlin and Morgana before the king. Because of this confession, Uther reluctantly sentenced Gaius to death. The execution was halted, however, when Merlin brought forth proof that Aredian had orchestrated the entire event by drugging the witnesses. After having his chambers searched and evidence discovered, evidence that had, in fact, been planted by Merlin, Aredian panicked and took Morgana hostage in an attempt to get out of Camelot alive. Merlin intervened by heating the dagger in Aredian's hand and in the ensuing scuffle, Aredian fell out of a glass window from a high tower to his death.
Arthur Pendragon.
Arthur Pendragon (portrayed by Bradley James) was the king of Camelot and formerly the prince. He was the only son of Uther Pendragon and Ygraine, and the half-brother of Morgana Pendragon. He was prophesied to become the "once and future king who will unite the land of Albion", and was revealed in the episode "Excalibur" to have been conceived with the help of magic, due to his mother having been unable to have children. In the first season, Arthur began as a spoiled bully, shown throwing knives at a terrified servant, and picking a fight with Merlin on multiple occasions just for a laugh. After Merlin saved Arthur's life from an assassin in the pilot episode, "The Dragon's Call", Merlin was made his manservant. Their initial relationship was rocky, as both had little understanding of each other and their different personalities clashed frequently. However, over the course of the first season, Arthur began to mature, showing that he did care for other people and was not as selfish as he seemed. In "The Poisoned Chalice", Arthur disobeyed Uther to seek out a cure for Merlin after he drank from a poisoned goblet meant for Arthur himself. On another occasion, in "The Beginning of the End", Arthur assisted Merlin in helping to free a Druid boy and returning him to his people (unknowing that the boy was actually Mordred, the person destined to one day kill him). Arthur also traveled to Merlin's home village of Ealdor to defend it from raiders in the episode, "The Moment of Truth", proving again that he cared more about Merlin than he generally let on. Arthur also cared deeply for the kingdom and its people, feeling immensely guilty when he brought a curse upon them after killing a unicorn in the episode, "The Labyrinth of Gedref". He underwent a series of tests to remove the curse, and even failed the second one. When faced with the choice of either him or Merlin drinking poison to stop the curse, Arthur took the responsibility upon himself, refusing to let Merlin or Camelot die because of him.
In the second season, Arthur's relationships with Merlin and Morgana's maidservant, Guinevere, deepen. In "The Once and Future Queen", Arthur spent a few days living with Gwen while he entered a jousting tournament under an assumed name. Called out on his rude and inconsiderate behavior by Gwen, Arthur slowly began to develop feelings for her, and they even shared their first kiss on the last day of the tournament. Shortly thereafter in the episode, "Lancelot and Guinevere", Arthur and Merlin raced to rescue Gwen after she was kidnapped by a warlord, Hengist. He was devastated to see then that Gwen had discovered that she had feelings for Lancelot, who had also tried to rescue her at this time. Arthur's stance on the subject of magic was also explored in the second season. In the episode, "The Sins of the Father", Arthur voiced the thought that it was possible that not all magic users were evil when Merlin cautioned him not to trust the sorceress, Morgause, too quickly. When Morgause subsequently engineered the revelation of the truth of Arthur's magic-induced birth, which resulted in the death of Arthur's mother, Arthur returned to Camelot and nearly killed Uther in a blind rage. He was only stopped when Merlin intervened, who tearfully claimed that Morgause had been lying and faked the story. Arthur later claimed to believe that all magic was evil, which visibly devastated Merlin. Arthur's relationship with Morgana was also developed in the second season. He was greatly concerned when she was thought to have been kidnapped by the Druids, and set off to rescue her in "The Nightmare Begins". In the penultimate episode, "The Fires of Idirsholas", Arthur was visibly devastated when Morgana was seemingly kidnapped by Morgause, blaming himself for having failed to protect her. In the finale episode, "The Last Dragonlord", Arthur was yet again called upon to defend Camelot against overwhelming odds. With the Great Dragon freed and repeatedly attacking Camelot, Arthur and Merlin set off in the faint hope that they could secure the aid of the last living Dragonlord, Balinor, who was also, unbeknownst to Arthur, Merlin's father. Though they eventually gained Balinor's willingness to help, mainly because Balinor learned that Merlin was actually his son, the older man was killed on the journey back to Camelot. After returning to Camelot, Arthur gathered together a group of knights to make a final assault in the hope of defeating the dragon, even over Uther's protests. He led them and Merlin, who insisted on accompanying him, out into a field beyond Camelot to engage the dragon. Arthur stabbed the dragon with a lance, but was subsequently knocked out. When he came to, Merlin told him that he had dealt the dragon a mortal blow, when in reality Merlin used his new status as a Dragonlord to command it to cease its attack.
The third season opened with Arthur and Merlin embarking on various missions to find the missing Morgana. They found her after repulsing an attack by raiders and returned her to Camelot. Arthur was visibly relieved to have her home again, even hugging her, but remained unaware that in the year that she had been gone, Morgana had switched sides and was allied with Morgause to bring down Uther and Camelot. He did not discover her true allegiances, or the fact that she was actually his half-sister, until the penultimate episode, "The Coming of Arthur, Part One". Arthur's relationship with Gwen continued to develop over the third series as well. In the episode "The Castle of Fyrien", when she was faced with the decision of having to trade Arthur for her brother, Elyan, who had been kidnapped by Morgause and Cenred, Arthur set out to help her rescue him along with Merlin and Morgana, the latter of whom was actually in on the plan. Later, in the episode, "Queen of Hearts", Arthur stated that he would give up his right to the throne of Camelot for her after Gwen was framed by Morgana for witchcraft. He was visibly devastated when Uther sentenced her death, but after Gwen was saved by Merlin disguised as an old sorcerer who took responsibility for a poultice planted in Arthur's bed, Arthur and Gwen agreed to keep their relationship secret for the moment. By the end of the season, though, Arthur decided to throw caution to the wind, even kissing her in front of others on more than one occasion in "The Coming of Arthur, Part Two". Arthur also spent part of the third season being targeted for assassination at Morgana's hands. After she discovered that she was his half-sister in "The Crystal Cave", Morgana sought on numerous occasions to have him killed to clear her path to the throne. In addition to the events of "The Castle of Fyrien", Morgana gave Arthur a phoenix bracelet in "The Eye of the Phoenix" which would sap him of his life while he was on a quest to prove his right to Camelot's throne by fetching the Fisher King's trident. In each of these situations, Merlin was able to save Arthur, and was even aided by Gwaine during the incident in "The Eye of the Phoenix". In the next-to-last episode, "The Coming of Arthur, Part One", Arthur was sent on a mission to retrieve the Cup of Life from the Druids, unaware that Morgana and Morgause also sought it to use against Camelot. He and Merlin (and Gwaine, who joined them later) briefly gained the Cup, but it was taken from them while they fled from Cenred's men. By the time they returned to Camelot, Morgause had already utilized the Cup's power to make Cenred's army immortal and had taken command of it to storm the kingdom. Arthur and Merlin were then forced to watch as Morgause stripped Uther of his crown and throne and as Morgana declared herself Uther's daughter and Queen of Camelot. By the events of "The Coming of Arthur, Part Two", Arthur had lost faith in himself and was devastated by Morgana's betrayal. It took much cajoling from Merlin to lift his spirits and encourage him to stand up to Morgana. When Arthur and his group were reunited with Gwen and Leon and rescued by Lancelot and his friend, Percival, they retreated to a castle once owned by the old kings of Camelot. It was there that Arthur knighted Lancelot, Gwaine, Elyan, and Percival on the eve of their attempt to reclaim Camelot and rescue Uther. The following day, Arthur led his small band into the dungeons and fought fiercely against Morgana's immortal soldiers, holding them off until Merlin was able to destroy them by emptying the Cup of Life of the blood it held. The aftermath of Morgana's occupation left Uther devastated and Arthur in charge for the foreseeable future.
The events of the fourth season, set a year later, began with Arthur as Camelot's regent, aided by the council and especially his uncle, Agravaine, who was his mother's brother. Just as he remained unaware of Morgana's true loyalties in the third season, Arthur remained unaware of Agravaine's allegiance to Morgana until the end of the season. In the first episode, "The Darkest Hour, Part One", Arthur found Camelot under threat when Morgana sacrificed a dying Morgause to release the Dorocha, the spirits of the dead, to wreck her revenge on the kingdom. After learning that only another blood sacrifice will seal the rift that released the Dorocha, Arthur decided that he would sacrifice himself and set off for the Isle of the Blessed, accompanied by Merlin, Lancelot, Leon, Gwaine, Elyan, and Percival. Along the way, Merlin was struck by one of the spirits after he threw himself in front of Arthur, and Arthur was visibly relieved when Merlin miraculously survived. In "The Darkest Hour, Part Two", Arthur continued his quest to sacrifice himself, but was stopped when Merlin used magic to knock him out. Arthur remained unaware that Merlin tried to take his place, but because the Cailleach decreed that Merlin's "time among men was not yet over", she accepted Lancelot's sacrifice instead. Arthur was deeply grieved by the loss of Lancelot, and even more so when Gwen later revealed that she had asked the knight to look after Arthur, indirectly inspiring him to sacrifice himself.
Arthur did not remain regent of Camelot long after this when Uther was struck down by an assassin trying to kill Arthur in "The Wicked Day". As Uther lay dying, Arthur frantically sought out a sorcerer who might be able to heal his father's wounds, unknowing that the sorcerer was actually Merlin in the same disguise he wore in the third season episode, "Queen of Hearts". He revealed his plan to seek magical assistance to Agravaine, who later planted a charmed necklace on Uther which would reverse the intent of any magic used on him. As a result, when the disguised Merlin tried to heal Uther, the magic was reversed and ended up killing him. Uther's death enraged Arthur and incited him further against magic, even causing him to confide in Merlin later that he despised magic and believed it truly evil. Arthur carried the weight of his father's death well after his subsequent coronation, and in the episode, "His Father's Son", he allowed his uncertainty and the poisoned advice of Agravaine to drive him to execute an opposing king, Caerleon, which earned Arthur the enmity of the dead king's wife, Queen Annis. Agravaine also influenced Arthur into ending his relationship with Gwen, saying that it was inappropriate for a king to be involved with a servant. Arthur was barely able to avert a full-on war with Queen Annis and even earned a tentative peace with her, and he later apologizes to Gwen. Soon after this, Arthur came to remember just how much he cared for and relied on Merlin when the other man was captured by bandits in "A Servant of Two Masters". He ordered a thorough search in the aftermath, and even went out to search for him personally, accompanied by Gwaine. When Merlin was found, Arthur was thrilled to see him, even hugging him. Arthur's relationship with Gwen finally seemed to reach fruition in "Lancelot du Lac", when he asked her to marry him. She accepted, but their engagement was destroyed when Morgana revived an amnesiac Lancelot, bound him to her service, and ordered him to seduce Gwen with the help of an enchanted bracelet. Agravaine led Arthur into a chamber, allowing him to stumble upon Gwen and Lancelot in a passionate embrace. Arthur was enraged and even attacked Lancelot before ordering the both of them imprisoned. Though many people of the court encouraged Arthur to put her to death, Arthur instead banished Gwen from Camelot and confided to Merlin that although he still loved her, he could never trust her again. The next few episodes after "Lancelot du Lac" saw Arthur visibly saddened by the loss of Gwen, but also firmer and sometimes even cruel. On more than one occasion in "The Hunter's Heart", he even threatened to send Merlin to join Gwen in exile.
In "The Sword in the Stone, Part One", Arthur was ambushed within Camelot itself by an army led by Morgana and the warlord, Helios. It was during the invasion that Arthur finally witnessed Agravaine's betrayal, before he and Merlin were forced to flee Camelot, though Merlin was forced to enchant Arthur to get him to leave the city. On the way to Ealdor, they encounter the smugglers Tristan and Isolde, and were eventually attacked by the pursuing Agravaine and his forces. The four eventually made it to Ealdor, where Arthur was treated for his wounds and had a brief moment of reconciliation with Gwen, who had since come to stay with Merlin's mother, Hunith. This reconciliation did not initially last, however, and in "The Sword in the Stone, Part Two", Arthur dismissed her, calling it "a moment of weakness." Arthur, along with Merlin, Gwen, Tristan, and Isolde had to flee Ealdor when Agravaine caught up to them. They hid in a series of caves and, unbeknownst to Arthur, Merlin killed Agravaine at that time.
At this time, Arthur was again thoroughly demoralized by the betrayal of a family member. He doubted his destiny, saying that he was only good at wielding a sword and was a terrible king. In the hope of restoring Arthur's faith, Merlin led him to where he had hidden Excalibur, telling him that "according to legend" only the true king of Camelot could pull the sword from the stone. Though initially doubtful, Arthur trusted Merlin enough to try and did pull the sword free, proving his worthiness and providing him with the boost of confidence needed to retake Camelot. After reuniting with a sizable force that included a large number of knights, including Leon and Percival, Arthur led them all, along with Merlin, Gwen, Tristan, and Isolde in an invasion of the castle. During the ensuing battle, Arthur encountered Morgana for the first time since her coronation in "The Coming of Arthur, Part One" and sadly asked what had happened to her, visibly grieved to see that she had fallen so far. Morgana wavered briefly before him, showing some slight sign of guilt, but eventually told him that it was his stance on magic that had led to this. She told him that he was just like Uther, but Arthur retaliated by saying that she was too, which visibly angered her. She tried to use magic to attack him, but thanks to Merlin sabotaging her power the night before, Morgana was left powerless. She ultimately fled, leaving Arthur once again in control of Camelot. Shortly thereafter, Arthur truly forgave Gwen for what had happened in "Lancelot du Lac" before finally marrying her and crowning her Queen of Camelot.
Three years later, Sir Gwaine's garrison goes missing, and Elyan arrives back from the search party disappointed, with no sign of Gwaine, Percival or any of the men. But Elyan does have clues to where Gwaine is; at Morgana's new hideout, Ruadan's castle. So due to his compassion, Arthur and his remaining knights try to get there, but openly (not for Morgana) using Annis' kingdom instead. They are later ambushed by Saxons, and a fight starts. Arthur comes to Leon's aid, allowing him to escape while Arthur fights Ruadan, but Ruadan almost knocks Arthur out. Elyan takes over, allowing Merlin to take Arthur to safety. Arthur wants to go back and rescue his men, while Merlin says otherwise. When Merlin finds food, he doesn't need to be asked twice to take it - Arthur on the other hand is puzzled why somebody would just leave dead Rabbits lying around ... - and they both trigger a trap. In the morning, a Saxons threaten to kill the pair, but then Mordred appears and them. Merlin doesn't fully trust Mordred, a feeling echoed throughout the series. The final battle at Camlann sees Merlin at his most powerful, dispatching hordes of Saxons and the White Dragon. However, despite his efforts, Arthur is mortally wounded by Mordreds sword "Clemant" - which leaves a shard of the blade lodged in Arthur. Arthur kills Mordred outright with Excalibur, and then collapses. Whilst Leon announces the battle is won, Merlin finds Arthur and comes to his aid - revealing he has magic. This crushes Arthur with devastation, but he soon comes to realise he only hid this secret to protect Arthur and do his duty to his king, but also to protect Arthur from himself - Merlin feared what Arthur would really think and do. Merlin then tries to save Arthur by taking him to Avalon, where it's hoped the magic from the sword used to stab Arthur could be lifted. However Arthur gives Gaius the Royal Seal, telling him to give it to Guinevere as he hopes she will succeed him. Morgana finds where they are heading and attacks them, hoping to watch Arthur die slowly, but Merlin kills her. However, just as they arrive, Arthur dies in Merlin's arms. The dying king tells Merlin that he is thankful for everything he has done - something which Arthur had never said before. The Great Dragon confirms that Arthur is dead - however Merlin realises his destiny is to protect the Kings resting place. The Series ends with Merlin returning Excalibur to the lake, which is then shown in modern times, safeguarded by an immortal Merlin, waiting for Arthur to return to Albion.
Aulfric.
Aulfric (portrayed by Kenneth Cranham) was a Sidhe in human form. In the first season episode, "The Gates of Avalon", he and his daughter, Sophia, seek to return to Avalon, the land of eternal youth, after they were banished to Camelot to live as humans as punishment for Aulfric killing another Sidhe. To return, the Sidhe elders demanded a "princely sacrifice", and Aulfric chose Arthur. After they had thrust him into the water of the Lake of Avalon, Aulfric urged his daughter to return, though he was forced to remain behind as penalty for his crime. Merlin prevented them both from finishing the sacrifice and killing Arthur, using Sophia's discarded magical staff to kill both Aulfric and his daughter.
B.
Bayard.
Bayard (portrayed by Clive Russell) is the king of Camelot's neighboring kingdom of Mercia. In "The Poisoned Chalice", Bayard and many of his knights visited Camelot with the intention of signing a peace treaty with Uther. When Merlin drank from a poisoned goblet at the celebratory feast that was meant to be a gift for Arthur, Uther had Bayard and his entire entourage imprisoned. Bayard's army was dispatched to begin a war with Camelot, but the crisis was averted when Gaius revealed to Uther that the poisoned cup had actually been planted by Nimueh, who hoped to foment trouble for the kingdom. Subsequently, Uther released Bayard and his court, and they returned to Mercia. Despite this awkward situation, Bayard appeared to remain on good terms with Camelot. In "Beauty and the Beast, Part Two", he sent his congratulations on Uther's marriage to Lady Catrina and was mentioned as planning to visit Camelot in the near future.
Balinor.
Balinor (portrayed by John Lynch) was the last known Dragonlord. In the second season finale, "The Last Dragonlord", Gaius revealed to Merlin that Balinor was also the warlock's father. During the Great Purge, Uther contacted Balinor to express his desire to make peace with the Great Dragon. Balinor brought the dragon to Camelot, but they were then betrayed and Uther imprisoned the creature in the caverns beneath the city. Gaius helped Balinor to flee Camelot and sent him to Ealdor, where he stayed for a brief time with Merlin's mother, Hunith. He was then forced to run when Uther's soldiers pursued him there, and he left before learning that Hunith was pregnant with Merlin.
After the Great Dragon was freed in "The Fires of Idirsholas" and began a series of repeated attacks on Camelot in the second season finale, Arthur and Merlin went on a desperate search to find Balinor, hoping to convince him to stop the dragon's assault. They found him living in a cave, away from civilization. When first asked to help, Balinor refused, bitter and resentful of Uther's treatment of the dragon and of his own people, who had been slaughtered along with many other magic users at the time. Before Arthur and Merlin left him, Merlin revealed that Gaius was one of the people under threat and that Merlin himself was Balinor's son, and a short time later, Balinor rejoined the two, agreeing to help.
In their brief time together, Balinor described the power of the Dragonlords to Merlin, explaining that they were the dragons' kin and that the power passed down from father to son. He even carved a wooden dragon and left it beside Merlin for him to find. Before the three travelers could reach Camelot, however, they were attacked by soldiers of Cenred, and Balinor sacrificed his life to save Merlin, dying in his son's arms. With his death, Merlin became the last remaining Dragonlord.
Balinor appeared in the "Diamond of the Day, Part One" as a cameo in the Crystal Cave, who gives Merlin strength and courage to find Arthur.
C.
Catrina.
Catrina (portrayed by Sarah Parish) was a noble of the House of Tregor. In the second season episodes, "Beauty and the Beast, Part One" and "Part Two", she was impersonated by a troll who wished to gain control of Camelot's wealth and power. Using a potion that allowed her to temporarily take on the form of Lady Catrina, the troll and her servant, Jonas, infiltrated Camelot and arranged a meeting with Uther. The troll soon enchanted Uther, causing him to fall in love with her. Merlin and Gaius quickly realized that the troll was an imposter when she refused a tonic Gaius had prepared for her, a tonic that, many years before, Gaius had used to ease the pain the real Catrina suffered from an incurable bone disease. Upon learning that the troll was an imposter, Gaius and Merlin attempted to get rid of her, but were unable to stop her from marrying Uther and having herself crowned Queen of Camelot at the conclusion of "Beauty and the Beast, Part One".
In "Beauty and the Beast, Part Two", the fake Catrina utilized the enchantment she held over Uther even further, creating a rift between him and Arthur and even persuading him to disinherit his son and leave her as next in line for the throne. She also used her power over Uther to frame Merlin for theft, which forced him to go into hiding. It was during this time that Merlin discovered that the troll had to continually take a potion to maintain the form of Catrina. He had Gaius replicate the potion, only without the magical effect, and replaced the troll's own store. The troll's true form was subsequently exposed just after she was named as Uther's new heir, but the enchantment was so strong that Uther remained blind to her true appearance even after everyone else saw it. Merlin was then forced to ask the Great Dragon for help, and discovered that the only way to break the enchantment was to have Uther cry tears of "true remorse". Merlin and Gaius persuaded Arthur to take a tincture that simulated death, and Gaius retrieved Uther, who wept over his son's seemingly dead body. The troll attempted to pull Uther away, but was unable to prevent the enchantment from being broken. In the subsequent fight, both the troll and Jonas were slain.
The fate of the real Catrina was left uncertain, although Uther stated in "Beauty and the Beast, Part One" that her city was devastated by invaders. She may have perished along with the rest of her family in the destruction.
Cedric.
Cedric (portrayed by Mackenzie Crook) was a conman who set out to usurp Merlin's place as Arthur's manservant. In the second season premiere, "The Curse of Cornelius Sigan", Cedric sought to gain access to Arthur's personal rooms in order to steal the keys to an underground burial chamber where a great treasure had been discovered. When Merlin used magic to spear a wild boar that attacked Arthur during a hunt, Cedric took credit for the kill and was rewarded with a position in the royal household. He then set Arthur's horses loose and knocked Merlin out so that he would be blamed for it. Arthur subsequently sent Merlin home and appointed Cedric in his place, giving the conman the access he needed. He entered the burial chamber and attempted to steal the jewel set in the tomb of Cornelius Sigan, but was instead possessed by Sigan's spirit. Inhabiting Cedric's body, Sigan animated the citadel's gargoyles and unleashed a raven-like monster to destroy Camelot, forcing Merlin to go to the Great Dragon for help. Armed with a spell, Merlin sought out the unconscious Arthur and refused to abandon him and join Sigan. Sigan then left Cedric's body and attempted to possess Merlin's, but was then trapped back in the jewel that had been his previous prison. It was left uncertain as to Cedric's ultimate fate.
Cenred.
Cenred (portrayed by Tom Ellis) was the ruler of a neighboring kingdom of Camelot's, quite possibly the kingdom that held Merlin's home village, Ealdor, as in the first season episode, "The Moment of Truth", Uther stated that the safety of Ealdor was "Cenred's responsibility". Cenred was also an ally of Morgause's and spent much of the third season assisting her and Morgana in their plots to take over Camelot or assassinate Arthur and Uther. In "The Coming of Arthur, Part One", however, Morgause betrayed him by taking control of Cenred's army, which had just been made immortal via the Cup of Life, and ordered one of the soldiers to kill him.
Cornelius Sigan.
Cornelius Sigan (portrayed by Mackenzie Crook) was the greatest sorcerer Camelot had ever known. In the second season premiere, "The Curse of Cornelius Sigan", it was revealed that he was executed for his use of evil magic. He cursed Camelot on his death, swearing to one day return and destroy the city. His fabulous wealth was buried with him and was later discovered during an excavation ordered by Uther. Unaware that the glowing jewel set into Sigan's sarcophagus contained the sorcerer's soul, the conman Cedric attempted to steal the jewel but was possessed by Sigan's spirit instead. Sigan then unleashed a raven-like monster (Sigan's name meaning 'raven' in the language of the Old Religion) and animated the citadel's gargoyles to destroy Camelot.
Merlin was eventually able to destroy the creature and the gargoyles, revealing himself as a sorcerer to Sigan. Sigan attempted to convince Merlin to join forces with him, tempting him with promises that they would rule Camelot together and that Arthur would "tremble at Merlin's feet", but Merlin refused. Sigan then tried to possess him, but Merlin was able to imprison Sigan's soul back in the jewel with the help of a spell given to him by the Great Dragon. The jewel and Sigan's treasure were subsequently returned to the burial chamber and sealed off.
D.
The Dolma.
The Dolma (portrayed by Colin Morgan) is one of two characters who Merlin uses as a disguise (the other is Dragoon The Great). She appears only once, in Series 5's episode "With All My Heart", after Queen Guinevere is possessed by a spell cast by Morgana. In order that the spell be broken, Guinevere must bathe in an enchanted lake. Due to the nature of the spell, she must enter of her own free will. King Arthur therefore must persuade her in. Due to Arthur's essential role and the requirement that there be a sorcerer on hand to break the spell once Guinevere is in position, Gaius informs Arthur that he has found a woman to perform the task. Merlin therefore assumes the role of The Dolma, an elderly, reclusive sorceress who has trouble getting clothes and who is the alleged guardian of the lake. This "difficulty in getting clothes" is the cover that Merlin needs to bring a dress with him to change into it when they arrive at the lake.
The Dolma's most memorable line is, "Nothing is hidden from ... The Dolma!". She also refers to Merlin as "the gangly boy" and uses him as surety to ensure that Arthur does not attempt to kill her for practicing magic.
Dragoon The Great.
Dragoon The Great (portrayed by Colin Morgan) is one of the two characters whom Merlin uses as a disguise (the other being The Dolma). Merlin transforms himself into Dragoon by means of an aging potion, usually when he wishes to carry out a plan in which it is essential that he is not recognised. Dragoon is a very cantankerous old man and frequently says all of the things that Merlin would love to say himself, but wouldn't dare. He also allows Merlin to use his magic more openly than he can as himself. Dragoon is technically an enemy of Camelot, but has more than once allied with Prince Arthur in order to fulfill a plan. Given that Merlin made up the name on the spot, there is speculation that he based it on a variation of "The Great Dragon" (Kilgarrah).
Drea.
Drea (portrayed by Katie Moore) is a young woman who lived in the village of Howden. In the fourth season premiere, "The Darkest Hour, Part One", her village was attacked by the Dorocha, the spirits of the dead. She managed to escape to Camelot, heavily traumatised by what she experienced, and managed to tell Arthur what had happened, as well as giving a vague description of the Dorocha. Drea had a mother, father, and younger sister, all of whom possibly perished in the attack.
E.
Edwin Muirden.
Edwin Muirden (portrayed by Julian Rhind-Tutt) was a sorcerer who wore the guise of a physician. In "A Remedy to Cure All Ills", it was revealed that his parents were killed during the Great Purge. He blamed Uther, who ordered that they be burned, and Gaius, who did not attempt to save them because they had turned to dark magic. Edwin himself was also burned when he attempted to rescue his dying parents, and Gaius treated the wounds. As an adult, Edwin returned to Camelot, seeking revenge on Gaius and Uther. In order to gain access to Uther, he framed Gaius for incompetence and had himself named as Gaius' replacement as the court physician. Edwin then sent a magical beetle through Uther's ear to consume his brain. While waiting for Uther to die, Gaius, who had fled Camelot after being dismissed, returned and attempted to intervene. Edwin attempted to kill Gaius using flames, likely an attempt to mirror the flames Gaius had consigned Edwin's parents to, but Merlin appeared and stopped him. Edwin attacked Merlin then, but was defeated when Merlin magically returned an axe Edwin had thrown at him, hitting him in the head. Merlin was also able to save Uther, thus foiling Edwin's plot.
Elena.
Elena (portrayed by Georgia King) is a princess and daughter of Lord Godwyn, an old friend of Uther's. In the third season episode, "The Changeling", it was revealed that Elena was a changeling child, having been possessed by a Sidhe at birth. The Sidhe's possession had various side-effects in Elena, such as clumsiness and uncouth behavior. Knowing that Godwyn would seek to improve his kingdom's ties with Camelot through a marriage between Elena and Arthur, the Sidhe King intended that the Sidhe within Elena would awaken after her marriage, placing a Sidhe on Camelot's throne. He even sent a pixie, Gruinhilde, to serve as Elena's nurse and guard the Sidhe inside her.
Merlin and Gaius eventually learned of the Sidhe's presence inside of Elena and took steps to remove it. Merlin defeated Gruinhilde in a magical battle in the corridor outside of Elena's chambers, and then fed Elena a potion Gaius had prepared to expel the Sidhe from her body. Once free from the Sidhe's influence, Elena was still willing to go through with marrying Arthur, for the sake of her father's wishes, but when Arthur asked if she was genuinely in love with him, she confirmed that she was not. They then mutually decided that they would not go through with the marriage if they were only there out of duty, rather than love.
Elyan.
Elyan (portrayed by Adetomiwa Edun) was the younger brother of Gwen. In the third season, it was revealed that he left Camelot some years before, before the series began, and that he had not remained in touch with his family, leaving Gwen uncertain as to whether he was dead or alive. He did not even return after their father, Tom, was killed in the first season episode, "To Kill the King". In "The Castle of Fyrien", Elyan and Gwen were reunited when Cenred and Morgause kidnapped the siblings in order to capture Arthur. When traveling to rescue him, Gwen described her brother to Arthur, calling him "one of those people who never settled down, never thinks about the future; just follows his heart wherever it leads him," and that he had a tendency to "always be in the wrong place at the wrong time." During the fight to escape Cenred and Morgause's clutches, Arthur was impressed and surprised with Elyan's skill with a sword and complimented him on it. After escaping the castle, Elyan traveled back to Camelot with the others, taking over his father's blacksmith shop and living with Gwen.
In "The Coming of Arthur, Part One", Elyan aided Merlin, Arthur, and Gwaine in rescuing Gaius from Camelot, which had been occupied by Morgana and Morgause's immortal army, before retreating to a nearby cave. In the third season finale, "The Coming of Arthur, Part Two", Elyan agreed to join Arthur in his attempt to retake Camelot, stating that it was "his turn to lay his life down" for Arthur, since the prince had been willing to do the same for him back in "The Castle of Fyrien". Elyan was one of the four subsequently knighted in recognition of his loyalty to Camelot, despite his lack of noble birth. He aided in the battle in the dungeons, and was even wounded at the time.
In the fourth season, Elyan continued to as a knight of Camelot, and seemed to have developed an especially close friendship with Percival. In "The Darkest Hour, Part One", Elyan rescued Percival as he fled from the rampaging Dorocha, carrying several children. Elyan participated in several quests with Arthur throughout the season, and even swore to die for him when Camelot was on the cusp of war with Queen Annis in "His Father's Son". In "Lancelot du Lac", Gwen became engaged to Arthur, but when she was banished for supposedly betraying Arthur with Lancelot, Elyan did not accompany Gwen into her exile, remaining as a knight. In the following episode, "A Herald of a New Age", Elyan was possessed by the spirit of a dead Druid boy after disturbing his resting place. The spirit used Elyan to try and avenge his death by killing Arthur. Elyan's sudden attack on the king was at first thought to have been motivated by anger over Gwen's earlier banishment, but it was later discovered that he truly was being possessed. He was released by the spirit when Arthur returned to the site of the Druid resting place and swore that he would do everything he could to prevent another massacre, even promising to give the Druids "the respect they deserved".
In the fourth season's two-part finale, "The Sword in the Stone", Elyan was captured, along with Gaius and Gwaine, when Morgana again took over Camelot. Seeking Arthur's location, Morgana tortured Elyan with a Nathair snake, which caused him "pain beyond all imagining" and, according to Gaius, stresses the body to the full extent of human endurance. Elyan broke under the torture and revealed that Arthur was traveling to Ealdor and was locked in a cell with Gaius and Gwaine. Gaius recognized what had been done to him and was able to save him, but he was left weak from his ordeal. The three men were eventually released by Percival when Arthur and his forces reclaimed Camelot.
Three years later, Sir Gwaine and Sir Percival went lost away in the far North. Arthur entrusted the mission to Elyan to lead a search party for them. Elyan returned to Camelot, without much luck. He said he couldn't find where they were, but he guessed that they would be in Ruadan's castle.
They decided they would investigate Ruadan's castle, but using Annis' land approaching Ruadan from the West instead of the South. Elyan came with them. But then they were attacked by some Saxons. After Arthur got almost knocked out, Elyan started fighting Ruadan, giving Merlin some lee-way to take Arthur to safety.
After the fight, Elyan, Leon and a few other surviving knights returned to Camelot and told Gwen what happened. Gwen couldn't understand why the Saxons knew where they were. She then took Sefa to court and she confessed to being a traitor. For the first time, Gwen sentenced someone to death.
Later, in "The Dark Tower", Elyan was killed by an enchanted sword while saving Gwen from Morgana. He was given a hero's funeral.
Throughout the series, Elyan demonstrates a strong attachment, and suffers several issues connected to, water.
Ewan.
Ewan (portrayed by Keith Thorne) was a knight of Camelot. In the first season episode, "Valiant", Ewan was bitten by the snakes on Valiant's enchanted shield during the annual sword-fighting tournament. Gaius managed to procure an antidote, but Valiant discovered that Ewan had survived and that Merlin had discovered his scheme. He subsequently sent the magical snakes after Ewan and he was bitten again, this time fatally to death.
F.
The Fisher King.
The Fisher King (portrayed by Donald Sumpter) was the king of a nearby land that had been devastated by a plague. According to legend, the Fisher King was struck by a plague that spread to the rest of his land, destroying his people while leaving him immortal but permanently crippled, unable to take any action to halt what was happening to his lands. As part of a quest to prove his worthiness to be King, Arthur chose to undertake a quest to enter the realm of the Fisher King and recover his trident, unaware that Morgana had given him an 'Eye of the Phoenix', a gem that drained the wearer's life-energy. Fortunately, Merlin and Gwaine were able to follow him and remove the bracelet, Merlin subsequently coming face-to-face with the Fisher King when he was trapped in the King's throne room after a door closed behind him. As he faced Merlin, the still-alive Fisher King explained that the quest to his kingdom was actually for 'Emrys' rather than Arthur; the Fisher King's trident was nothing but a nice bauble, while the true treasure was water from the Lake of Avalon, which the Fisher King informed Merlin would be needed when Camelot's darkest hour came. In return for the water, the Fisher King asked that Merlin give him the Eye of the Phoenix, the Eye draining the Fisher King's last dregs of life and granting him the death he had sought for so long.
Freya.
Freya (portrayed by Laura Donnelly) was a Druid girl who lived in a village near mountains and a lake. After killing the son of a sorceress out of self-defense, Freya was cursed to become a magical monster that resembled a large panther with bat-like wings on the stroke of midnight, with an insatiable desire to kill that she would be unable to control. Under unspecified circumstances, Freya was captured by the bounty hunter Halig and taken to Camelot, only to be freed by Merlin. Hiding Freya in the underground catacombs, Merlin brought her food and told her about his magic, the two being drawn together due to Merlin's relief at having someone who understood him and Freya's gratitude at meeting someone who did not consider her a monster. Unfortunately, her curse resulted in the deaths of at least four people when she transformed during her two nights in Camelot, prompting an increased hunt for her. Merlin and Freya began to fall in love. Although Merlin had planned to leave Camelot with her, Freya attempted to escape on her own, not wanting Merlin to abandon his life for her, only to be cornered by Halig and Arthur's knights just before her transformation. Although she killed Halig, Arthur was able to mortally wound her beast form, the creature only escaping after Merlin caused a distraction by causing a gargoyle statue to fall over, creating a path for her to escape the knights and retreat down to the catacombs. Although beast-Freya appeared calmer around Merlin, calming down simply from the sight of him even when surrounded by the knights, the wound Freya had sustained proved to be fatal, staying alive only long enough for Merlin to take her to the nearby lake. As she died, she thanked Merlin for making her feel loved again, promising to repay his kindness one day. Merlin put her body on a boat and gave her a Viking-like funeral, clearly mourning his inability to save her.
It was revealed in "" that Freya will somehow return and aid Merlin on his adventures. This came true in "The Coming of Arthur", when a vision of Freya appeared to Merlin in the water that the Fisher King had given Merlin, informing him that the sword Excalibur was hidden in the Lake of Avalon and that she would give it to him. Excalibur was the only weapon that could kill the immortal army of Morgana and Morgause's doing.
G.
Gaius.
Gaius (portrayed by Richard Wilson) is Camelot's court physician and Merlin's guardian and mentor. He soon discovers that Merlin has magical powers and gives him a book of sorcery to study from in secret, warning him not to be caught using magic. Gaius himself used to practice sorcery - a fact that Uther is aware of, although he is satisfied that Gaius has forsaken his old magical abilities. He knows that Merlin's destiny far surpasses his own and is also very familiar with the Great Dragon. He is often called upon to get Merlin out of trouble or to remind him not to be reckless with the use of magic. Although his magical abilities are limited when compared to Merlin's, his greater experience is nevertheless of great benefit to Merlin, as he learns how to control and refine his abilities, while his knowledge of other such topics as mythology and medicine commonly provide Merlin and his friends with vital information in dealing with the current threat.
Gaius also has a valued place in Uther's council, being one of the few people who dares to speak out against Uther's actions on crucial occasions, although Uther's prejudice against magic commonly blinds him to Gaius's good advice. Uther has even shown a willingness to overlook his discoveries of past occasions where Gaius has disobeyed him, such as when Gaius revealed that he smuggled Morgana's half-sister, Morgause out of Camelot rather than allowing her to die, despite the fact that Uther would have killed anyone else who disobeyed him in such a manner. Although he has not used magic for years before Merlin's arrival in Camelot, Gaius has used spells since Merlin came into his life, such as using a spell to prepare an antidote when Merlin was poisoned and attempting to use magic to throw a weapon at Edwin Muirden (Although Edwin's magic proved more powerful than his), as well as occasionally assisting Merlin in treating injuries that can only be cured by magic. Even without magic, Gaius has shown exceptional talent as a physician, regularly treating injuries in the court, and even preparing a draught that precisely duplicates the taste of a troll potion without any access to the original recipe.
When Gaius was briefly possessed by a goblin, the goblin attempted to escape detection by accusing Merlin of sorcery- taking advantage of the fact that Merlin couldn't hurt him without hurting Gaius-, but this plan was threatened when Arthur and Gwen saw through the goblin's actions, recognising that Gaius would never take such pleasure in the idea of Merlin facing execution. Gwen even assisted Merlin in preparing a poison to 'kill' Gaius long enough to drive the goblin out of him so that Merlin could recapture it and an antidote to bring Gaius back, Gaius subsequently clearing Merlin of the charges the goblin had accused him of. On a later occasion, Gaius was briefly reunited with his old fiancée, Alice, who had been forced to flee the kingdom due to Uther's prosecution of magic, but Merlin's discovery that she was under the influence of a manticore forced her to leave once again even after he and Gaius destroyed the manticore, although Gaius chose to stay behind in order to continue guiding Merlin. When Morgana and Morgause attempted to conquer Camelot with an immortal army, Gaius played an important role in the final confrontation, attacking- and possibly fatally wounding- Morgause to give Merlin time to empty the Cup of Life and deprive the sisters of their immortal army.
Gaius was still very active in series four. He explains about how dangerous the Dorocha spirits are but does not know how to defeat them. He cared for Uther and as Arthur he moaned his father's death. He did not like the return of Julius Borden as he knew his plan about stealing the dragon's egg. When Morgana employed a wizard called Alator to find out who Emrys is Gaius was kidnapped by Alator to reveal the real secret about Merlin. He then meets Morgana the very first time since the end of series three, where he begs her to kill him but she refuses to do it, because first she wanted to receive information about Emrys from him. During the final of series four he sits in the dungeons with Elyan and Gwaine, where he lies depressed, weak and dying. When Morgana gives them tiny pieces of bread for supper he does not agree to share and gives the food away to the knights, saying that the only thing he does not fear is death. He along with Elyan and Gwaine are rescued by Percival to face Morgana. He is last seen during Arthur's and Guinevere's wedding while standing next to Merlin and together with the crowd shouting "Long live the Queen!".
When Gwen becomes the main ruler of Camelot after Arthur's death, Gaius becomes her mentor, as Merlin was gone to wait by Avalon for the rise of Arthur. It is possible that Gaius died some years later as he was very old and tired.
"Secrets and Magic: Witch Hunt" twice referred to Gaius as Merlin's uncle—probably meaning Hunith's brother. Wilson also refers to Hunith as Gaius' sister in an interview.
Geoffrey of Monmouth.
Geoffrey of Monmouth (portrayed by Michael Cronin) is Uther's court genealogist, keeper of Camelot's Library and an old friend to Gaius. He provided the Camelot records to Gaius which revealed the true identity of Edwin Muirden. He also provided the book of legends to Merlin which gave Merlin the idea of the sword that could kill the undead Black Knight. He also holds a central position in great ceremonies of state, having presided over handfastings for both Uther and Arthur (the latter not having been completed), and the crowning of Morgana as Queen of Camelot as well as Arthur's own coronation as King.
Geoffrey has no personal connection to any of the Pendragon family or the castle inhabitants.
60 years before the series began, the court Genealogist was another man. However, Geoffrey - then named Mungo - coveted the role, and one night snuck into the castle and murdered the genealogist - named Geoffrey. He used a potion he had bought from a wizard named Jacobi to make himself look identical to the dead Geoffrey, and has lived in the castle ever since impersonating the dead Geoffrey. Geoffrey's evil background explains why he crowned Queen Morgana without any hesitation - he secretly supports her and those of her kind.
Geoffrey has a penchant for nice clothing, his especial favorites being silky garments in jewel colours, though he rarely wears them in his day to day job, saving them for special occasions.
Geoffrey was once in love with a woman named Michela, however she refused to marry him, so he used a potion (again bought from the wizard Jacobi) to turn her into a mushroom. He keeps this mushroom in a tiny silk bag attached to a golden cord which he wears around his neck at all times.
George.
George (portrayed by Leander Deeny) is a servant in Camelot. He is efficient, smart and very good at doing chores. He temporarily replaces Merlin as Prince Arthur's manservant after Merlin goes missing.
Whilst being a talented manservant, George's social skills are less than polished. His main love in life apart from serving appears to be brass. He has an unfortunate habit, according to Arthur, of making up jokes about it. He also appears to be very formal, a state of affairs Arthur is not used to from Merlin. As such, he finds George very irritating. Also, despite his politeness and decorum, George is very prideful and this leads him to be rather sensitive to any criticism (positive or negative) over his work, which is evident by the way he appeared to be hurt when Arthur refused his assistance, or the conceited glare he gives to Merlin when Arthur praised his capabilities.
Gilli.
Gilli (portrayed by Harry Melling) is a young man who attempted to participate in the tournament of Camelot, secretly using his magic to prevail in the tournament. When Merlin spoke with him about his use of magic, he explained that his father had been a sorcerer himself, but had never used his magic out of fear. Gilli decides to compete in the tournament using his full range of skills, his magic being focused through a ring that his father had once possessed. Although Merlin attempted to convince Gilli to withdraw from the tournament before anyone got hurt. Gilli however refused to do so, even after he unintentionally killed his latest opponent, believing that killing Uther would be for the best for all their kind. Knowing that it would be impossible to convince Arthur to work to restore magic to Camelot if magic was used to kill his father, Merlin subtly aided Uther in the fight against Gilli by arranging for Gilli's sword to be stuck in Uther's shield, allowing Uther to prevail. When Merlin confronted Gilli about his attempt to kill Uther, even though he had been about to win the tournament, Gilli acknowledged that he had been wrong. Gilli recognised that his father had disdained magic not out of fear of his power, but out of fear of its ability to corrupt. Acknowledging the wisdom of Merlin's advice to keep his powers secret until the day came when magic would once again be welcomed in Camelot, Gilli departed the kingdom, leaving Merlin reflecting that the two would meet again when magic was once again permitted.
Great Dragon.
Great Dragon (voiced by John Hurt), also known as Kilgharrah, is a legendary dragon that was imprisoned in Series One and Series Two in the caves by King Uther Pendragon. Twenty years prior to the events of the series, Uther had outlawed magic in Albion and killed every dragon (in Camelot) but one, whom he spared to serve as an example. Merlin looks for the voice that has been haunting him and it leads him to the Great Dragon. The mysterious Dragon becomes Merlin's mentor in magic, and tells him that Arthur is part of his destiny and if he does not follow it, then destiny will choose him. The Dragon is also on familiar terms with Gaius, although neither Merlin nor Gaius was initially aware that the other had met the Dragon. In the finale of the first series, the Great Dragon told Merlin that he was only thinking of his own freedom when helping Merlin, but because the Dragon's machinations nearly destroyed Merlin's mother, Merlin vows that it will never be freed from beneath Camelot. Merlin turned his back on the Dragon, but was later forced to return to the Dragon for aid in stopping Sigan, the Dragon teaching Merlin a spell of the ancient magic in return for Merlin's promise that he would free the Dragon in the future. This also revealed that Gaius was aware of Merlin's visits to the Dragon, recognizing that the two were creatures of the old magic.
Although the Dragon can appear callous, such as when he ordered Merlin not to help Morgana and Mordred based on his apparent knowledge of their future destinies, he has shown a certain compassion at times, such as when he apologized for his inability to help Merlin save Gaius from the Witchfinder. Most of his inaction appears to be dictated by his concern about future events; he even sided with Merlin in freeing Uther from a troll's enchantment, despite the old magical ties between Dragon and troll, due to the potential consequences for Camelot if the troll's enchantment remained. He has also demonstrated a sense of humor, initially laughing upon learning of Uther and Arthur's magically-induced love for the ladies Catrina and Vivian respectively.
Upon gaining access to a crystal with the ability to see the future, Merlin sees a future where the Dragon will destroy Camelot once he is freed; although Gaius assures him that the future he saw may be one of many, Merlin is clearly haunted by the possibility of this future coming to pass. Nevertheless, upon helping Merlin one more time to defeat the deadly Knights of Medhir, the Dragon held the young warlock to his word and Merlin was forced to use his magic in combination with a sword of Medhir to break the chains holding him beneath Camelot. As Merlin looked on hopefully, the Great Dragon flew up in obvious rage, in the direction of Camelot, subsequently attacking the castle at night for the next three days in revenge for his imprisonment.
With no other way to save the kingdom—conventional weapons were useless against the Dragon, and even Merlin's magic proved ineffective—Uther was forced to agree with Gaius's suggestion that they call on the aid of the presumed-dead last dragonlord, Balinor, unaware that Merlin was Balinor's son. According to Balinor, the Great Dragon is known to all the deceased Dragonlords as Kilgharrah. After inheriting Balinor's power upon his father's death, Merlin was able to command the Dragon and, it is implied, gained the necessary magic to hurt him, but, instead of killing him, ordered the Dragon to leave Camelot. Noting that Merlin's clemency reflected what he would become in future, the Dragon agreed to this demand, although he speculates that his and Merlin's paths will cross again.
The Dragon returns at the beginning of the third series, saving a chained Merlin from several scorpion-like Serkets summoned by Morgause to kill him (Merlin's magic was ineffective against the chains). After helping Merlin recover from the creatures' venom, the Dragon consoled Merlin's regret over his old disbelief of the dragon's warnings about Morgana by saying that Merlin had simply learned that trust was a double-edged sword. The Dragon subsequently gave Merlin a lift back to the outskirts of Camelot, and Merlin thanked him for his aid before the Dragon departed again. Although the Dragon returned when Merlin asked him how to cure Morgana after she sustained a fatal head injury, he made it clear that he disapproved of Merlin's decision, informing Merlin that this 'abuse' of his power would not be without consequences and all the evil Morgana did in the future would be his own fault. Despite the harsh nature of this meeting, in their next encounter, when Merlin sought advice about what to do when dealing with a young boy who sought to prevail in a dangerous tournament with the use of magic (the boy being scheduled to face Uther in the next fight), the Dragon showed sympathy for Merlin's dilemma, reflecting that seeing another of their kind die was always hard, but recognized that Merlin could not allow Uther to die at the boy's hands due to the impact it would have on Arthur to see his father killed by the use of magic. When Morgana unleashed an immortal army on Camelot, Merlin asked the Dragon to take him to the Lake of Avalon to recover Excalibur to use it against the army, and the Dragon assuring Merlin that he would always aid Merlin despite his apparent distaste at being used as a 'horse'.
He returns at the beginning of the fourth season to help Merlin fight the Dorocha spirits released by Morgana. He then shows huge respect to Lancelot, who was there too, telling him the true expressions about Lancelot as the great, the brave and the noble. When the mysterious hunter Julius Borden returned to Camelot to search for a dragon's egg, the dragon warns Merlin to save it before Borden does any harm to the egg. Merlin eventually saves the egg; and after many years of existence opens up and a releases a new dragon, named Aithusa by Merlin. When Morgana takes over Camelot with the warlord Helios, Merlin, Arthur, Gwen and two smugglers (Tristan and Isolde) are attacked by Agravaine and his army while in Ealdor. With weapons useless against the army and being close to death, Merlin calls the Dragon who attacks Agravaine and his soldiers with fire, and later gives shelter for Arthur and his friends. After killing Agravaine, Merlin visits the Dragon to ask for help in assisting Arthur (who was devastated after the betrayal of Agravaine) in proving to himself that he can be the king that Camelot so desperately needs. Kilgharrah says that the destiny of Albion and Arthur lies only in Merlin's hands. Merlin places Excaliber in a stone and leads Arthur to it. Arthur successfully pulls the sword out, thus proving to himself that is a worthy king.
Later in the fifth series Kilgharrah tells Merlin that his time is drawing to a close. In the final episode, he favors Merlin one last time by flying Merlin and Arthur to the isles of Avalon and confirms Arthur is dead. To Merlin, Kilgharrah says that "in Albion's (United Kingdom) greatest need Arthur will rise again to fulfill his destiny", then Kilgharrah flies off and is not seen again.
The character is original to the television series, not existing in any previous Arthurian legend, although several tales exist of Merlin associating with dragons, particularly Dinas Emrys. Also, a clearly different 'Great Dragon' appears in the 1998 film, "Merlin", to whom Nimueh is almost sacrificed.
Grunhilda.
Grunhilda (portrayed by Miriam Margolyes) was a pixie who served as the nanny to Princess Elena, a changeling child who had been 'implanted' with a Sidhe when she was an infant, knowing that Elena's father, Lord Godwyn, would eventually seek to strengthen the ties between his kingdom and Camelot with a marriage between Elena and Arthur, and seeking to place a Sidhe queen on Camelot's throne. Grunhilda's true nature was uncovered by Merlin and Gaius, Merlin subsequently destroying Grunhilda in a duel—although she was able to take an exceptional amount of damage from Merlin's staff, (the staff he had kept from "The Gates of Avalon",) before dying—while Gaius prepared a potion to expel the Sidhe from Elena. Grunhilda developed a 'liking' for Gaius, to his and Merlin's disgust. Gaius tried to avoid her romance as much as possible. He fought her as short fat and grubby. When they made a potion for Elena they had to use Gaius as bait to keep Grunhilda away from her so then they could give Elena the potion without Grunhilda seeing.
Guinevere ("Gwen").
Guinevere ("Gwen") (portrayed by Angel Coulby) enters the story as Morgana's personal servant, and eventually becomes the Queen of Camelot.
At the start Morgana describes Gwen as "the most kind and loyal person you would ever meet". She first notices Merlin when he stands up to Arthur when Arthur is taunting a servant. When she introduces herself she admits that she thinks Merlin is brave and a real hero, and it's the beginning of an attraction that develops over series 1. In "The Mark of Nimueh", Merlin makes her laugh and she admits that she likes that. She kisses him in "The Poisoned Chalice" however, Merlin only loves her platonically, and Series 2 sees them as good friends with Merlin seen to be a strong advocator in her blossoming relationship with Arthur. Merlin trusts her and often enlists her help in various ventures, most notably in Lancelot's quest to become a knight in "Lancelot", hiding Arthur in "The Once and Future Queen" and in saving Gaius in "The Witchfinder". Gwen is imperative in saving Arthur's life in "Sweet Dreams", and it is due to Merlin's convincing that she agrees to help. Due to Gwen's status she has a tendency to be subservient, but she is seen to not be afraid of standing up for her beliefs and speaking her mind; a trait admired by most around her, particularly Arthur.
She initially has little interaction with Prince Arthur and describes him as a bully, questioning the mind of whoever would marry such a person. However, following her father's death and her friendship with Merlin, Gwen's view of Arthur begins to change. Gwen has openly expressed her faith in Arthur's ability to triumph over the odds and lead the people into a new age of a peaceful Camelot. Most notably, she did so as she tended to an unconscious Arthur in the Series 1 finale. She became embarrassed however the following morning to find out that Arthur had heard what she had said. "The Once the Future Queen" again displays Gwen's ability to stand up to Arthur as when he stays at her house pretending to be a commoner, Gwen becomes aggravated when Arthur is nothing but rude to her. Affected, Arthur tries to be more considerate towards Gwen (offering to make dinner etc.), and ultimately kisses her before he goes to joust. Arthur explains at the end of the episode that his father would never approve of their relationship, something which Gwen understands.
In "Lancelot and Guinevere", Gwen is abducted, only to be reunited with her old flame, Lancelot. She states that he is everything right in the world and didn't know she could feel as strongly as she could for him. They share a kiss when it seems Lancelot will not return from fighting the bandits. When Arthur arrives to save Gwen, he realises that the flame between Gwen and Lancelot has been reignited, and he is hurt and claims that he only came because Morgana made him. Gwen appears to feel guilt over Arthur's obvious reaction and hurt too because now he is denying that he has 'feelings' for her. Lancelot guesses that Arthur loves Gwen and so he leaves at the end of the episode so they can be together. She returns to Camelot with Arthur and Merlin, where she is reunited with Morgana.
Gwen continues to be charmed and impressed by the changing nature of Arthur as the series continues, witnessing him blatantly defy his father's orders when told to impose unnecessary taxes. When she visits Arthur to thank him for his kindness, she finds him doubting his father's love for him. Gwen advises him that Uther cares greatly for him and that Arthur will become one day a great King. Gwen restores his confidence by telling Arthur he has a good heart and shouldn't change for anybody. Apart from Merlin at times, Gwen seems to be one of the few people who Arthur respects the opinion of. Despite past problems and outside interference, their relationship continues to flourish.
When other kings from rival kingdoms came to Camelot to sign a peace treaty, one of them brought his daughter Vivian. King Alined used magic to make Arthur and Vivian fall in love. Around this time, Gwen started to regain faith in Arthur's feelings for her, and was left heartbroken when she saw Arthur with Vivian. Gwen kissed Arthur to break the enchantment he was under. Arthur waited in Gwen's house for her, where he apologised for his enchanted actions and that she was the only woman he loved. Gwen accepted this, but also realises that she cannot be Arthur's queen. Arthur refuses to believe their relationship is impossible and promises things can change.
Towards the end of Series 2, Gwen and Arthur became slightly more comfortable around each other in publics places. When Arthur was injured trying to save her from the Great Dragon, they shared a tender moment in front of many (although Gaius was the only one who noticed) as Gwen saw to his wound. She tells Gaius when he notices her worry that they can never be, but Gaius comforts her by telling her to never underestimate the power of love. When Arthur returns from fighting at the end of the episode, Gwen runs to him and hugs him tightly. She whispers that she thought she'd lost Arthur, her open affection surprising him slightly. They embrace, not caring about Merlin and Gaius being there, and happily walk back to the castle together.
With Gwen's relationship with Morgana having cooled after Morgana's return to Camelot and her new allegiance to Morgause, Gwen has begun to spend more time with Merlin, assisting him when he was accused of sorcery while Gaius was possessed by a goblin. During a recent adventure where Gwen's estranged brother was captured by Cenred as a hostage to force her to lure Arthur into danger, the two appeared to begin a secret relationship, Arthur not-so-directly telling Gwen that he loved her, the two later kissing in private before Arthur departed on his quest to recover the trident of the Fisher King.
The "Queen of Hearts" episode is purely about Arthur's love for Gwen. Having had a vision of Gwen as Queen of Camelot, Morgana sets them up on a picnic outside Camelot only to bring Uther to catch them and banish Gwen from ever seeing Arthur. When Morgana realises this will not stop their relationship, she plants a bag under Arthur's pillow and suggests that Gwen has enchanted Arthur to make him act this way, prompting Uther to sentence Gwen to be burnt at the stake. Fortunately, Merlin is able to clear Gwen of this crime by using an aging spell to give himself the appearance of an elderly sorcerer who enchanted both Gwen and Arthur to cause chaos in Camelot, the two subsequently agreeing to keep their feelings secret until Arthur is king and can change the laws that currently prevent them from being together.
During Morgana's subsequent conquest of Camelot, Gwen feigned continued loyalty to her mistress in order to wait for an opportunity to assist Arthur, eventually managing to sneak Sir Leon out of Camelot so that the two of them could join Arthur and his small band of knights. Although Gwen was briefly reunited with Lancelot, she now appears more secure in her relationship with Arthur, kissing him before he departed for the raid on Camelot, the two sharing another kiss in the courtyard after the battle when Gwen rode into Camelot alongside the new Knights of the Round Table.
In the episode "Lancelot du Lac", Morgana brings Lancelot back from the dead when she hears that Arthur intends to marry Gwen. Arthur asks Gwen, 'Would you do the honour of becoming my wife?', But when Lancelot returns to Camelot, Gwen betrays Arthur when he sees her kissing Lancelot. Gwen, unknown to Arthur, was under the spell of a bracelet given to her by Lancelot from Morgana who intended to stop the marriage. Arthur banishes Gwen from Camelot and Lancelot is said to kill himself. It is implied that she will return in the synopsis of the episode "The Hunter's Heart".
She does not return to Camelot in this episode, but she over hears Morgana's plans to kill Arthur. She tells Merlin she can never face Arthur again leaving Merlin to tell Arthur of Morgana's plans. Arthur's feelings for Gwen are once again revealed when he finds the ring he gave to her, under the influence of Merlin and admits that he still loves her.
In "The sword in the stone", Arthur and Merlin ran away to Merlin's home town where they met Gwen again and after seems to forgive her. Arthur didn't forgive Gwen fully but when he saw Isolde die he didn't want to lose her therefore Arthur openly forgives Gwen and this time he says, 'Will you marry me?', and finally she is crowned Queen of Camelot.
In "The Dark Tower" of season five, Guinevere is brainwashed by Morgana through mental torture--letting her see visions of people she cared about laughing maniacally at her and telling her she can trust no one but Morgana herself. Under the command of Morgana she is made to betray Arthur in the next episode. In the episode "A Lesson In Vengeance", Gwen is horse riding with Arthur and Merlin when Arthur's horse is spooked by a minor explosion caused by magic. The servant in charge of looking after the castle's stables is suspected. When he is imprisoned and sentenced to death, it is later revealed that Gwen was the one responsible. When the Tier finds this out, Gwen stabs and kills him. King Arthur is poisioned by a mysterious culprit and Gwen tells Camelot that Merlin is responsible. Merlin is later thrown in the dungeons. Gaius later finds out that Gwen has been put under the control of Morgana and vows to help Merlin uncover their betrayal to Arthur. Gwen is later told by Sir Leon that if the King dies, the closest heir to his throne is her and she will be the ruler of Camelot. Finally Merlin and Arthur are able to free Gwen using a magic pool. In the final episode after Arthur is wounded in battle he sends the royal seal to Gwen via Gaius, hoping she will succeed him. When he dies Gwen becomes ruler of Camelot.
Gwaine.
Sir Gwaine (portrayed by Eoin Macken), was the son of a knight who died in the service of his king either before Gwaine was born or when Gwaine was very young. Although Gwaine never met his father, he likes to think that he was a noble who treated his servants well, but generally held a low opinion of the nobility, believing that they saw the lower-classes as being there to do nothing more than serve them.
He met Arthur and Merlin when the two of them fought in a tavern brawl, commenting in the aftermath that he had joined the fight because he liked the odds. With Gwaine having been injured in the fight, Arthur had him brought to Camelot to treat his wounds. Although Gwaine appeared to be essentially a drunken flirt, running up at least one large tavern bill during his time in Camelot while flirting casually with Gwen, he demonstrated a strong opinion of right and wrong, stating that nobility should be defined by what they did rather than who they were by birth, as well as an exceptional ability at sword-fighting that impressed even Arthur. Although Gwaine faced execution when he fought with a thug who was posing as Sir Oswald to kill Arthur, Arthur's willingness to vouch for Gwaine's nobility of heart convinced Uther to lift the threat of execution to simple banishment, Gwaine admitting to Merlin before his departure that Arthur wasn't like other nobles, and commented to Gwen that he understood why she had turned him down after he heard her talking about Arthur.
Despite the threat of exile, Gwaine returned to infiltrate the melee the next day to assist Arthur in fighting the two thugs who sought to kill him, Arthur subsequently allowing Gwaine to claim victory in the melee even before he learned who Gwaine really was. With the thugs' true identities exposed, Gwaine was again permitted to leave Camelot rather than face execution, although Arthur apologised for Uther's actions and assured Gwaine that he had tried to convince Uther otherwise. Although Gwaine stated that he could not stay in Camelot to serve a man like Uther, he commented to Merlin as he departed that he and Arthur may fight together again.
Gwaine returned when Merlin sought his assistance when Arthur went on a quest to the realm of the Fisher King, Morgana having given Arthur an enchanted bracelet that would drain his life-energy and make him weak. When confronting the guardian of the entrance to the Fisher King's lands, the dwarf-guardian informed Gwaine that he represented the strength that the trio would require to succeed in their quest- Arthur representing courage and Merlin magic, although the other two were naturally unaware of Merlin's role in the quest- as they entered the Fisher King's realm. As Gwaine helped Arthur face the monsters in the kingdom, Merlin confronted the Fisher King prior to his death, Arthur subsequently claiming the King's trident. As Arthur and Merlin returned to Camelot, Gwaine parted company from them on the land's borders in accordance with Uther's decree, Arthur apologising to Gwaine about Uther's ruling even as Gwaine assured him that he understood.
Gwaine is reunited with Merlin and Arthur when they are captured by a slave-trader, Gwaine and Arthur staging a fight to give themselves a chance to escape (Although it was only due to Merlin's efforts that they escaped the tower anyway, Merlin using a spell to enhance a nearby torch so that it started a fire). Gwaine subsequently joined the two on their quest to recover the Cup of Life, but the Cup is lost during a subsequent attack by Cenred's forces. With Arthur wounded, Gwaine assisted Merlin in taking Arthur back to Camelot--most likely reasoning that Uther's decree can be ignored with his son's life on the line-, only to discover that Camelot has been sacked by Morgana and Morgause leading Cenred's now-immortal soldiers. During the subsequent raid on Camelot, Gwaine and his other allies are knighted by Arthur around the Round Table in recognition of their service to Camelot, Gwaine commenting before the battle that, even if they have no chance of victory, he wouldn't miss this fight for anything. He survives the battle, and is subsequently seen with the others dressed as a true knight of Camelot.
Gwaine was one of four knights who were knighted the day before the overthrow of Morgause's immortal army. Alongside him were Lancelot, Elyan and Percival. After Camelot was Uther's again, Arthur trusted his four new knights (and Leon) on every mission he went on. But there was something about Gwaine which was different.
The knights went with Arthur on many missions throughout season four. Like the mission where Arthur intended to sacrifice himself for Camelot, and where they were chasing after Julius Borden and his key to the Dragon egg. Gwaine was also part of the battle which never took place where Arthur defeated Caerleon's champion, creating peace between Arthur and Annis. Gwaine also came with Arthur to search for Merlin after he'd been ordered by Morgana to kill Arthur. Gaius then made Merlin right and Merlin destroyed Morgana's snakes which had possessed him.
When they got to the place where Merlin thought Agravaine had been going, they decided to split up. Gwaine saw somebody going along the tunnels and he followed them. After he reached the chamber which this person was going, he saw Gaius, probably unconscious and above him, Agravaine.
Gwaine quickly shouted before Agravaine could do any harm to Gaius. For a moment, Gwaine saw the traitor that Agravaine was, but then Agravaine reassured him.
At the end of season four, Agravaine guided part of Helios' army through the siege tunnels and started the attack on Camelot, and some soldiers went above on the ground. Sir Leon saw the mini army, and told Gwaine to warn Arthur that they were under attack.
Later, it became clear to Merlin that they needed to get Arthur to safety. Merlin took Arthur, and Gwaine and Gaius held them back. Eventually, Gwaine and Gaius were locked in prison.
Soon, Elyan was put in the same cell with Gwaine and Gaius. After that, Morgana made regular visits and once referred to how Gaius didn't look very good. Gwain regularly fought against Morgana's soldiers to obtain food for Gaius, whilst Elyan cared for him. As Arthur retook Camelot, Percival and Leon freed the prisoners. The series ended with Gwen and Arthur's wedding.
Three years later, Gwaine and Percival led a garrison north to Ruadan's castle. Being forced to work in Morgana's mine, Gwaine was almost killed by Saxons. He was saved by a magical creature, and soon joined Percival, Arthur, Merlin and other captured knights in a bid for freedom. Gwaine soon became a prominent member of the round table, assisting the King and Merlin on a number of quests. Episode 12 saw him have a short relationship with the refugee Eira. She turned out to be working for Morgana, and was soon executed - to the obvious pain of Gwaine. He escorted Merlin to the crystal cave, saying his final goodbyes. Despite the legend, he survived the battle of Camlann, and he and Percival rode out to kill Morgana. Although they both killed several Saxons, Gwaine was captured, and tortured to death, so Morgana could find where the wounded Arthur was heading. Percival arrived too late to save him, having broken free of his bindings after hearing Gwaine's screams. His final words were "I've failed.."
H.
Helen of Mora.
Lady Helen of Mora (portrayed by Eve Myles) was a famous singer who was on her way to Camelot to perform at King Uther's festival, until she was possessed and killed by Mary Collins using poppet magic. Collins then assumed Lady Helen's appearance, also serving as a romantic interest to King Uther Pendragon, in an attempt to kill Prince Arthur, but Merlin saves his life by using magic and becomes his manservant.
Helios.
Helios (portrayed by Terrence Maynard) was a warlord from the southern kingdoms who helped Morgana to overthrow Camelot in episodes 11-13 of series 4. He was killed by Isolde (a smuggler who, with her husband Tristan gave Merlin and Arthur shelter during their escape from Camelot) during a duel with Arthur, but not before stabbing Isolde in the stomach, fatally wounding and later killing her.
Hunith.
Hunith (portrayed by Caroline Faber) is the mother of Merlin. She sends him to Camelot hoping that he will be able to develop his magical talents, but he soon discovers that the use of sorcery there is expressly forbidden and punishable with death. Hunith is an old friend of Gaius, they met when he helped Merlin's father escape from Uther's clutches because he was a dragon lord, so she wrote to him asking him to take care of her son. Merlin later returns to her when their village is attacked by raiders. She also appears in the last episode when Nimueh breaks a deal with Merlin to take his life and tries to take Hunith's instead. This fails when Merlin slays Nimueh with magic. Hunith returns in "The Sword In The Stone Part 1" at her and Merlin's hometown Ealdor, where Merlin, Arthur, Gwen, Tristan, Isolde were hiding from Agravaine and his men. Unfortunately Agravaine found them so Arthur could no longer remain in Ealdor.
It is revealed in "The Last Dragonlord" that she cared for the fugitive dragonlord Balinor, who turns out to be Merlin's father.
I.
Isolde.
Isolde (portrayed by Miranda Raison) was a smuggler along with partner Tristan. She discovers Merlin and Arthur (who is under one of Merlin's spells) and holds a sword up to them. After taking them to her partner in crime, Tristan, and they are allowed to venture with the two smugglers for the time being. When they are invaded by bandits, Arthur is relieved of Merlin's spell and saves them. Isolde fights with a bandit behind her and it results in a slash in her arm. Merlin treats her for her injury but is made better by Merlin when they reach Ealdor. As Agravaine and his men have found them at Ealdor, Isolde runs and hides in the woods along with Guinevere, Merlin, Arthur and Tristan. They venture to Camelot to take back what is rightfully Arthur's which results in Isolde's death. She dies in Tristan's arms as he reveals his love for her with a kiss upon her forehead after she dies.
J.
Julius Borden.
Julius Borden (portrayed by James Callis) used to be a pupil of Gaius, before they parted during the Great Purge leaving Gaius in trouble. Later he mysteriously returns to Camelot with news of a magical secret that threatens to change the landscape of the kingdom forever. He has located the final part of a key to the tomb of Ashkanar, an ancient mausoleum which holds a very special treasure: the last remaining dragon's egg. Merlin is understandably drawn in by Borden's news, and promises to help him. But just who is the enigmatic stranger and, more importantly, he wants to obtain great power to rule over kingdoms.
K.
Kilgharrah.
"See: Great Dragon."
Kara.
Kara (portrayed by Alexandra Dowling) was a druid girl and Mordred's love interest, and possibly, childhood friend. Her only appearance was "Drawing of the Dark". Mordred helped heal Kara's wound. She attempts to kill the King while Merlin and Arthur search for and find her. Mordred breaks Kara out of prison, but the two are caught. Arthur offers Kara to repent her crimes, but refuses and is hung for her crimes. That results in Mordred's betrayal to Camelot.Her story makes Arthur Death
L.
Lancelot.
Lancelot (portrayed by Santiago Cabrera) was a commoner who later achieved the rank of Knight of Camelot. When his family was killed by bandits, he swore to become a skilled swordsman to fight against tyranny and save other families from suffering the same fate as his own. In the first series episode "Lancelot", he travelled to Camelot in the hope of becoming a knight of Camelot. After saving Merlin's life from a rampaging griffin, the warlock promised to help the other man achieve his goal. This would prove difficult since according to the knight's code of Camelot, only noblemen could become knights. Merlin soon forged a seal of nobility and introduced Lancelot to Guinevere, who helped the two men by creating clothes suitable for the son of a lord.
Shortly thereafter, Merlin then introduced Lancelot to Arthur, who, after a rocky beginning, eventually agreed to test Lancelot's skills and consider him for a knighthood. After another attack by the griffin, Arthur sped up Lancelot's training in order for him to join the other knights in the coming battle against the creature. However, Merlin and Lancelot's deception was quickly discovered by Uther, who knew the man that Lancelot was claiming was his father, and the king ordered Lancelot's arrest. Arthur, however, released him shortly thereafter, admitting that Lancelot speaks and fights like a knight despite his lack of the other necessary 'qualifications'. Lancelot then followed Arthur into battle against the griffin and with the help of Merlin, defeated the creature with an enchanted lance. In the aftermath of the battle, Uther reluctantly considered restoring Lancelot's knighthood, but the man refused the honor, since he did not wish to take full credit for destroying the griffin when Merlin's contribution was so critical. Determined to prove himself worthy on his own terms, Lancelot departed Camelot after promising to keep the secret of Merlin's magic.
Lancelot's life after leaving Camelot was not an easy one, and he was forced to sell his sword skills for the entertainment of others. This activity led him to come into contact again with Guinevere, who had been abducted by the henchmen of the warlord Hengist in the second series episode "Lancelot and Guinevere". His reunion with Gwen brought up the brief attraction the two had shared during their first meeting, though Lancelot was ashamed of his situation and seemed to have lost any hope of ever achieving anything better in life. Nonetheless, he promised to rescue Gwen and regained some sense of self-worth when she told him that he was "all that right with the world".
Lancelot was eventually able to free the captive Gwen and led her through the lower levels of Hengist's stronghold while being pursued by several of the warlord's followers. He urged her to leave him behind while he fought them off and Gwen ran, though not before swearing to him that her feelings for him "would never fade". Lancelot was subsequently captured and sentenced to be eaten by the wildren Hengist kept for entertaining his followers. Gwen too was recaptured before she could escape. Before they could be killed, however, the two were rescued by Arthur and Merlin, who had come seeking Gwen. The obvious bond that had grown between Lancelot and Gwen caused some jealousy from Arthur, who also was developing feelings for Gwen. Lancelot noticed the prince's behavior and, after learning of his attachment to Gwen, decided to leave, considering Arthur the better man and thus more worthy of Gwen's hand. He departed without saying goodbye to her, asking Merlin to tell her that "some things can never be". He would not return to Camelot for some years.
Presumably in the years that followed, Lancelot traveled throughout Albion. He eventually acquired the friendship and companionship of Percival. In the third series finale, "The Coming of Arthur, Part Two", the two men traveled to Camelot when Lancelot received a message from Merlin, requesting aid following Morgana and Morgause's takeover of the kingdom with an army of immortal soldiers. They arrived just in time to save Merlin, Arthur, Gwen, and several of their friends from an attack led by Morgause and several immortal soldiers. In the hours that followed, Lancelot swore to stand and fight beside Arthur in recognition of the lessons the prince had taught him about the honor involved in being a knight, and also stating that he believed in the world that Arthur would build once he became king. Lancelot was subsequently made a knight of Camelot again, this time along with Percival, Elyan, and Gwaine.
In the ensuing battle to retake Camelot, Lancelot accompanied Merlin when the warlock set off to empty the Cup of Life of the blood that made Morgana and Morgause's army immortal. He and Merlin fought fiercely together, and Lancelot was eventually wounded in the chamber that housed the Cup. Nonetheless, he survived the battle and gained a permanent home and status as a knight in Camelot.
In the premiere episode of the fourth series, "The Darkest Hour", Lancelot still held his position as a knight and was one of those who accompanied Arthur in the quest to close the veil between the realms of the living and the dead, which had been torn open by Morgana in her quest for revenge against Camelot. Before the group departed Camelot, Gwen asked Lancelot to protect Arthur and, still in love with her, Lancelot promised to do so. When Merlin was injured protecting Arthur, he volunteered to take the wounded man back to Camelot while Arthur and the others continued with the quest. In the second part of the episode, Lancelot and Merlin eventually raced after Arthur and the others to reach them before they arrived at the Isle of the Blessed, where the veil could be restored. On the journey, Merlin confided in Lancelot about his plan to take Arthur's place as the sacrifice to restore the veil. When they arrived at the Isle, however, Lancelot willingly took Merlin's place, both to fulfill the promise he'd made to Gwen and also to keep Merlin alive, who was Arthur's chief and most effective protector. The knight was honored with a memorial ceremony back in Camelot after Arthur and the others returned, and Guinevere wept for his loss.
Lancelot, however, was not permitted to rest in peace. In the fourth series episode "Lancelot du Lac", Morgana revived him for the purpose of preventing the approaching marriage between Arthur and Guinevere. He was, however, Lancelot in appearance only; he had little to no recollection of his life before his restoration and vowed to serve Morgana. She subsequently instructed him in what she knew of his life and of his previous attraction to Gwen, then ordered him to seduce her from Arthur's side. Morgana also gave him an enchanted bracelet to give to Gwen as a wedding present, as it would rekindle and magnify her previous feelings for Lancelot. Manipulated by Agravaine, Arthur eventually discovered Lancelot and Gwen in a passionate embrace. Gwen was subsequently banished from Camelot and Lancelot imprisoned. Morgana then sent Lancelot one final order via Agravaine - to kill himself, so that he would not reveal the plot to Arthur or anyone else who would question him.
After his death, Arthur ordered Merlin to take care of Lancelot's body. The warlock did so, placing his body on a floating pyre on the Lake of Avalon. Before setting the pyre off, however, Merlin used his magic to clense Lancelot's soul but in doing so managed to briefly resurrect him. The noble knight managed to speak the name of his friend and thank him before passing away for the last time. Merlin then used his magic to send the boat out into the lake and set it alight.
Leon.
Sir Leon (portrayed by Rupert Young) is a knight of Camelot and something close to Arthur's second in command. He is also the first of the "Knights of the Round Table" that is shown in the series. He first appears as a jousting partner for Arthur in "The Once and Future Queen" but pulls away when the Prince is blinded by light. This causes Arthur to want to prove himself as a person, not just because he is Prince. Leon is later unhorsed jousting against 'Sir William' in the semifinals of the tournament.
In "The Last Dragonlord" he took control of Camelot's defence while Arthur was searching for Balinor. He is also the first knight to step forward at Arthur's request for a fighting force against the Dragon. During the battle he was either unhorsed by Kilgarrah's tail or caught in the flames, but nevertheless, he survived.
In "The Tears of Uther Pendragon (Part II), Sir Leon helps defend the castle against Cenred's army and engages in combat with one of the undead soldiers summoned by Morgana, but Merlin breaks the spell reanimating the undead soldier before Leon is killed.
In "The Coming of Arthur", he is the only survivor of Camelot's knights when they are massacred after King Cenred accused them of trespassing on his territory during a patrol. Leon is discovered by a party of druids, who find that he is close to death and revive him with water from the cup of life. On hearing Leon's story Uther realises that the legendary Cup of Life is in the druids' possession. Following Morgana's attempted coup of Camelot, Leon continues to defy her 'request' for him to recognise her authority until Gwen is able to help him escape, the two meeting Arthur in the cave he was using as his hiding-place. Leon subsequently joined Arthur's makeshift band of knights to launch a final attack on Camelot to rescue Uther, Merlin emptying the Cup of Life and defeating the immortal army while the knights rescued Uther. Leon subsequently returned to Camelot with his fellow 'Knights of the Round Table'.
M.
Mary Collins.
Mary Collins (portrayed by Eve Myles) was a sorceress and the antagonist of the episode "The Dragon's Call". After her son was executed for using magic, she threatened to kill Prince Arthur in revenge against the king. She killed Lady Helen, who was visiting Camelot to perform for Uther, and assumed Lady Helen's appearance. However, her true form could be revealed in any reflection. Her singing put the entire royal court into an enchanted sleep except Merlin, and he stopped her from killing Arthur by causing a chandelier to fall on her body. As everybody awoke, her true form was seen, and she threw a dagger at Arthur. Merlin saved him and Mary Collins died from her injuries.
Merlin.
Merlin (portrayed by Colin Morgan) is the main character in the series. His destiny is to make sure Arthur becomes king and is not killed before Camelot can accept magic. Merlin comes to Camelot after he is sent by his mother to live with the court physician, Gaius. In the first series, Merlin becomes Arthur's manservant after he saves his life from an assassin. The rest of the series focuses on his relationship with Arthur, which is comically portrayed with Arthur always teasing Merlin and being rude to him. It is revealed that Arthur genuinely cares, however, when he sacrifices his well-being to rescue a poisoned Merlin. Merlin also develops friendships with Lady Morgana, the King's Ward, and Guinevere (Gwen), her maid. Gwen is at first smitten by him but quickly develops a friendship with him. Merlin also meets the legendary figure Lancelot, although he later leaves Camelot. Merlin's adventures include saving Gwen from execution for being falsely accused of being a witch, saving Arthur from becoming a human sacrifice to the Sidhe Elder and rescuing a druid boy named Mordred, who he tends to with Morgana. Towards the end of the season, Merlin plays a vital role as he attempts to stop Morgana from assassinating Uther and sacrifices his own life in place for Arthur's to the sorceress Nimueh, proving his loyalty. He also shows to care a great deal for Gaius, as he is shown racing out of Camelot after learning about his sacrifice. The season ends with Merlin killing Nimueh.
In the second season, Merlin and Arthur's relationship deepens slightly. When Merlin finds out Morgana, like him, has magic and is a witch, he fights the temptation to reassure her and tell her of his powers. He instead helps her by telling her to visit the Druids (as they help struggling people like her), showing that he really cared. Later in the series, Merlin finds out that Arthur's birth was by magic, causing Arthur to turn against his own father, Uther, who had tortured and executed many innocent people who possessed magic. Merlin is faced with the decision to let Uther perish or to stop Arthur. He decides to tell Arthur that it was all a lie, and is deeply hurt when Arthur confides in Merlin, telling him he believed all magic was evil. Although a friend of Morgana, Merlin later thwarts her plans when she decides to once again, turn against Uther to allow magic to return to Camelot. Merlin meets Mordred again, but he becomes an enemy of Merlin. Merlin also meets his first love interest, Freya, but she is later killed unintentionally by Arthur. When a sleeping spell plagues Camelot, Merlin is later forced to do the unthinkable: to kill Morgana, who is the source of the magic. He poisons her reluctantly and cries as she dies in his arms. She is later revived by Morgause, who takes her away. The season ends with Merlin meeting his father, Balinor, in an attempt to rescue Camelot from the Great Dragon, who has sought revenge. Balinor is killed by a soldier but Merlin inherits his Dragonlord abilities, and is now able to tame and talk to Dragons.
The beginning of the third series begins one year later; Merlin embarks on several journeys with Arthur to find the lost Morgana, who they believed had been kidnapped. When she returned, Merlin felt pangs of guilt and was scared that she would expose him to Uther. Morgana later tearfully apologizes to Merlin, but unbeknownst to him and all of Camelot, it is just an act and Morgana had become corrupted with evil upon spending her year with Morgause. Morgana, in actuality, hated Merlin, and sought to have Uther and Arthur killed. After Merlin finds out of her betrayal, he is left in the forest by Morgause to die, but is later rescued by the Great Dragon, who tells Merlin that Morgana is "the darkness to his light" and "the hatred to his love". Merlin returns to Camelot soon, and a battle led by an opposing army of Morgause ensues. Merlin decides to confront Morgana, and he tells her that he can help her and that "they can find another way". Morgana refuses his help saying "There is no other way", leading Merlin to believe that she is no longer persuadable. For the rest of the series, Merlin and Morgana are hostile to one another and refuse to speak to each other unless it is a threat or a confrontation. Merlin also meets Gwaine for the first time, and he is proved useful in his later adventures. Merlin continually thwarts Morgana's schemes, which include attempting to kill Arthur and trying to have Gwen framed and executed for using sorcery to seduce Arthur. The latter incident forces Merlin to create the alter-ego "Dragoon the Great" to take the blame for the supposed magic. By the end of the series, Morgana becomes Queen of Camelot after Morgause initiates an immortal army using a "Cup of Life" with an opposing king, Cenred. Merlin, Arthur, Gaius, Gwaine and Elyan (Gwen's brother) hide out in the forest. Merlin eventually persuades Arthur to fight back from Morgana's rule. They are aided to by Gwen and Sir Leon, who had escaped Morgana's reign, and Lancelot and his friend, Percival. Upon returning to Camelot, Merlin and Lancelot go after the cup to destroy the immortal army. Merlin and Gaius manage to attack Morgause, and Merlin knocks over the cup, destroying the army and enraging Morgana, who tearfully warned him that "it had just begun", before making the room collapse. Merlin, Gaius and Lancelot escape, while Morgana and Morgause teleport away. Merlin later embeds the sword Excalibur (used against the army) in a stone, never to be used by ordinary hands.
In the fourth series, Merlin is shown as more mature, and has a stronger relationship with Arthur. He sacrifices himself to the Dorocha, an evil spirit of the many Morgana had released to avenge herself and Morgause. He is later saved by the Villia, a water spirit. Merlin attempts to sacrifice himself to seal the veal between the worlds and save Camelot, but Lancelot takes his place. The season also marks the first time Morgana had learned of "Emrys" (Merlin's alter-ego), who she identifies as "her destiny and doom". Throughout the season, Merlin distrusts Agravaine, Arthur's uncle, who is actually in league with Morgana. After Uther is mortally wounded by an assassin, Merlin decides to go under his alter-ego as "Dragoon the Great" (another alias for Emrys) to use magic to save him and prove to Arthur that it is not a force of evil. His plan backfires when Morgana creates a pendant that will make every healing spell 10 times worse. As Uther dies, Arthur and all of Camelot mourn but Arthur is crowned King. Merlin later uses his Dragonlord abilities to rescue the last remaining Dragon egg to save the Dragon race. He names the baby dragon "Aithusa". Merlin's first encounter with Morgana in the series is when she captures him; although Merlin believes she will kill him and says he is prepared to die for Arthur, Morgana reveals to him that she will use him as a pawn in her plans and will force him to turn against Arthur and kill him. This plan backfires when Gaius and Gwen realize Merlin's behavior upon his return to Camelot. Merlin manages to gain control of his mind and goes to Morgana's hovel disguised as Dragoon the Great to kill the serpent enslaving him. Morgana recognises this alter-ego as Emrys and duels him with magic. Merlin defeats Morgana, but when he has the chance to kill her he does not and simply knocks her out. Later in the series, Gaius shows his loyalty to Merlin when he is abducted by Morgana and tortured for information regarding "Emrys", Merlin's alter-ego. Merlin goes on a mission with Gwaine to rescue Gaius and encounters Morgana, but he is saved by a wizard named Alator. Morgana later creates a plan to have Gwen exiled by using a shade of Lancelot, her former love. The plan works and Gwen is exiled from Camelot forever, and a furious Merlin and a heartbroken Arthur face adapting to living without her (although Merlin meets her in a later episode). In the final episodes of the series, Morgana manages to take control of Camelot again, with the help of the warlord Helios. Everybody in Camelot runs for their lives, and Merlin escapes with Arthur (who he had bewitched to follow commands). Morgana's rule is as tyrannical as ever, and she shows no mercy upon the residents in Camelot. Merlin and Arthur ally themselves with Tristan and Isolde, smugglers who prove useful in combat. They are all later reunited with Guinevere after they take refuge in Ealdor. When Agravaine finds their hiding place, the group are forced to leave. Merlin reveals his magic to Agravaine and kills him in cold blood. Arthur loses faith in his abilities, but Merlin gives him hope when he allows Arthur to pull out the sword he had set in stone in the previous season. With the fellow escapees of Morgana's reign, Merlin, Arthur, the surviving knights and people of Camelot plot to overthrow her. Arthur confronts Morgana for the first time since her betrayal. The previous night, Merlin had used a poppet to drain Morgana of her powers, making her threats useless against them. She attempts to kill Gwen, but Merlin manages to knock her out. Morgana later disappears into the forest. Merlin is last seen in the season, chanting "Long Live the Queen!" as Gwen and Arthur marry, Arthur forgiving her for her actions.
In the 5th Series when Mordred is made a Knight after saving Arthur from Morgana Merlin remains suspicious of him due to the prophecy. Mordred is loyal to Arthur and Camelot for some time, but eventually turns against his king following the execution of druid girl he loved, who made an attempt on Arthur's life, and he informs Morgana that Merlin is 'Emrys'. In response, Morgana uses a creature to drain Merlin's magic to allow her attack on Camelot to succeed. Merlin travels to the birthplace of magic - the Crystal Cave - however, a traitor in Camelot reveals this to Morgana, and she seals Merlin in. As the final battle between Camelot and Morgana begins, Merlin encounters the Ghost of his Father and with his help and guidance, regains his magic. He rides to Camlann, under the disguise of Dragoon the Great, the site of the battle between the forces of Camelot and the Saxons, and uses magic never before seen to aid Camelot's victory. Arthur is wounded by Mordred, but kills him in response. Merlin finds Arthur and reveals he was the Sorcerer who helped Camelot win the battle - and that he has been helping Arthur for the past 6 years. He takes Arthur to Avalon to attempt to heal him. A short distance from the lake, the pair are attacked by Morgana, who intends to watch Athur die slowly. What she fails to know is that Merlin has Excalibur - forged in a dragon's breath. As mortal weapons cannot kill Morgana, Excalibur is the only weapon that can slay her. As the prophecy states, she died by Merlin's hand. Merlin calls the Great Dragon to carry him and Arthur to Avalon, but Arthur is already dead. Merlin sends Arthur to Avalon after the Dragon states that Arthur will rise again when Albion's need is greatest. In the present day Merlin is shown to be still alive and watching Avalon, waiting for Arthur to rise.
Mithian.
Mithian (portrayed by Janet Montgomery) is the Princess of Nemeth, a neighboring kingdom of Camelot. In the fourth series episode "The Hunter's Heart", Mithian traveled to Camelot to marry Arthur as part of a treaty between the two kingdoms over a land dispute. Her beauty and good humor attracted Arthur and the two seemed to get along well, taking a morning picnic together and even sharing in a love of hunting. However, when Arthur found the engagement ring he had given to Guinevere, he found that he could not let go of his love for her and called off his wedding to Mithian. Though upset by his rejection, Mithian accepted Arthur's compromise of Camelot giving up their claims over the disputed lands between their two kingdoms. When Arthur told her his continued love for Guinevere, Mithian wistfully said that she would give up her kingdom "to be so loved".
Mithian returned to Camelot over three years later, in the fifth series episode "Another's Sorrow", after an attack on Nemeth led by King Odin and Morgana. Blackmailed into lying to Arthur by threats to her father's life, Mithian was forced to lead Arthur and his knights into a trap set by Odin. Throughout the journey, however, Mithian did not cease her attempts to warn someone of the danger ahead, despite the constant presence of a disguised Morgana at her side and the pain the witch inflicted on her with an enchanted bracelet. After the battle, Mithian apologized to Arthur for the deception, though he assured her that he would likely have done the same if he had been in her position.
Mordred.
Mordred (portrayed by Asa Butterfield and Alexander Vlahos) was a Druid, who first appeared as a child and then as a teenager who became a Knight of Camelot and later betrayed Camelot. His master is executed on Uther's orders but Morgana and Merlin protect the boy. Morgana claims to feel an inexplicable link with the boy which drives her to keep him safe. The Great Dragon later tells Merlin that Mordred will one day kill Arthur. Mordred is telepathic and calls Merlin "Emrys" Welsh form of Ambrose or Ambrosius, meaning "Immortal", claiming he knows who Merlin is and that they are "the same". Despite The Dragon's warning, Merlin eventually helps Morgana to escape with the boy and return him to the Druids. He returns again in episode 2.3 when Morgana goes in search of the Druids. By way of her telepathic connection to Mordred, he is able to sense that she has been stung by a giant scorpion and needs help. It is also shown that Mordred's magic is powerful enough to kill four or five armed soldiers with a single spell, and Merlin, who was also present, appears to show concern over this. He returns in "The Witch's Quickening" when he, allied with a group of renegades, seeks an ancient crystal with the ability to show the future to those who wield it, but he is forced to flee when the bandits are discovered. As he escapes, Merlin attempts to stop him by causing a branch to trip him up, but Mordred retaliates by impaling two knights in the back with spears, grimly informing Merlin that he will not forgive nor forget this. Mordred's trademarks are his icy blue glare and green cloak. It is presumed he was about 11 in "The Beginning of the End", and about 12 in both "The Nightmare Begins" and The "Witch's Quickening". He is about 18 in series 5.
After Mordred's appearance in "The Witch's Quickening," he disappears and he is not seen again or mentioned until season 5. Seven years after Merlin last confronted Mordred (at this point King Arthur and Queen Guinevere have seen three years of Camelot's Golden Age,) Merlin, Arthur, and a patrol of knights are heading to Ismere, where Morgana has been capturing patrols of knights to help her find the diamere- a key to all knowledge which will help her learn of 'Arthur's Bane' in the season 5 premiere, "Arthur's Bane, Part I". Merlin and the others find a village which was slaughtered on the outskirts of Queen Annis's kingdom. Merlin hears someone calling him Emrys and he enters a dark cave to meet a dying Druid man. The man tells Merlin of Arthur's bane which he says "stalks him like a ghost", before showing him a vision in the water next to them. In the water Merlin sees a young man (who at the moment does not recognize as Mordred) kill Arthur. Merlin is distraught with what he has seen. At the end of the episode, a group of Saxons attempt to kill Arthur and Merlin, but are stopped by a young man who says that the fate of these two ought to be left in the hands of the Lady Morgana- thus saving their lives for the time being. The Saxons do not attempt to fight the young man on the matter- but instead walk away. Merlin immediately recognized the man as the one who killed Arthur in the vision. He is surprised therefore when the man then helps Arthur up and says, "You don't remember me, do you?", Arthur's perplexed expression confirms this and he is helped out when the young man clues him in saying that Arthur saved his life many years ago. It clicks with Merlin however who says, "Mordred" and the episode, and Mordred responds with "Hello Arthur."
The second episode brings Mordred to the center stage as he journeys with the Saxons and the two prisoners--Arthur and Merlin--to the fortress in Ismere where Morgana is. Mordred is now presumed to be about eighteen. Merlin continues to be very wary of Mordred, and yet Mordred appears to not really be a threat. He implores the head of the Saxon warriors to feed Merlin and Arthur, but his request is met with the snorting laughter. He then sneaks food to Merlin, and Merlin asks him why he is doing this. Mordred says that Arthur saved his life once and that he owes him a debt. Mordred, ever perceptive, knows that Merlin fears him--as he points out, but he also tells Merlin not to be so quick to judge him. Merlin asks Mordred what Morgana is searching for in Ismere, and Mordred tells him she looks for the diamere--which in the Druidic tongue means 'the key to all knowledge.' Later on, Arthur and Merlin stage an escape from the clutches of the Saxons and succeed. Arthur kills Saxons as they come after them while Merlin makes it impossible to cross the crevice which Merlin and Arthur had to jump over. Mordred is the final man to come after them, but just as he arrives Merlin uses magic to make the passage over the cliff impossible. Arthur raises his crossbow, but then lowers it- sparing Mordred's life, much to Merlin's anger who goes on to yell at him for sparing Mordred's life. Mordred turns and walks away. Interestingly, Mordred's next appearance is right after Queen Guinevere and Gaius converse about Ruadan, a Druid who was allied with Morgana and who was killed by Elyan in a skillful plan the Queen devises to catch the Druid man. They are discussing how Ruadan may have thought he was the Druid destined to kill Arthur with Gwen responding that he must have been mistaken. This transitions right into Mordred walking with the Saxon group and about to enter the fortress in Ismere. Arthur and Merlin are watching overhead, and Merlin comments that Arthur should have killed Mordred when he had the chance.
Morgana, watching from her window in Ismere, sees Mordred down below and immediately leaves to go meet him. One of the Saxons tries to engage her in conversation as he brags about his victories, but she merely gives him a dark look hushing him immediately. She moves to Mordred, and says his name to which he responds with a smile. She smiles too and affectionately greets him. They dine together, discussing Mordred's whereabouts. Morgana responds to his ordeals saying that he is seen a lot. Mordred then admits to Morgana that the Saxons and him had caught Arthur but he got away. He says it was an accident, but Morgana angrily responds by throwing away a plate on the table and then cries that she wants to see Arthur's annihilation and that she wants to see his head on a spike. Mordred stands with unreadable expression, firmly telling Morgana to calm down. The warning bell deflects their attention and Morgana darkly smiles at Mordred and says, "Arthur."
Morgana and Mordred confront an unarmed Arthur in the fortress; Mordred appears careful not to say anything or to use magic. He merely stands behind Morgana as she finally gets her chance to kill her brother. Merlin arrives, but Morgana throws him against the wall and knocking him out- destroying Arthur's final lifeline. But before she kills Arthur, Mordred stabs her from the back with a hidden dagger. She collapses, and before she passes out she asks, "Mordred?" Mordred helps Arthur up and leads him to the knights where he is taken to safety. Upon their return to Camelot, Arthur knights Mordred because of his bravery and because he saved his life. After the ceremony, Merlin tells Mordred that if Arthur knew he had magic, things would have been very different. He then goes on to question the new knight as to why he saved Arthur. Mordred responds by saying, "Because Arthur is right. The love that binds us is more important than the power we wield. Morgana had forgotten this." Merlin then leaves him without saying more. However, Merlin continues to be suspicious of Mordred's motives as he voices these concerns to Gaius at the end of the episode.
The next episode, "The Death Song of Uther Pendragon", only sees Mordred on screen for sometime. However, during his scene in the episode he is seen as sinking right into his new role as a Knight of Camelot. Mordred appears concerned for Arthur when Elyan explains that Arthur is always brooding and upset on the anniversary of his coronation which is also the anniversary of Uther's death.
The fifth episode of season 5 entitled "The Disir", opens with Mordred training with Arthur. Arthur wins the session, but Mordred is seen to be a very skillful fighter- which Arthur happily makes note of. Merlin, however, watches on suspiciously. Gaius doesn't see why Merlin continues to be suspicious of Mordred--from what he sees, Mordred is genuinely the perfect boy. When words is brought that a sorcerer mortally wounded one of the knights of Camelot, Arthur decided to lead a patrol to confront this sorcerer. Arthur tells Mordred that he will be accompanying him on the patrol, and Mordred is honored and pleased. As they mount up, Leon, Elyan, Percival, and Gwaine playfully tease Mordred. Arthur, Merlin, and Mordred confront the sorcerer who has been injured by Gwaine. The sorcerer gives Arthur a coin, before he dies. (This coin is confirmed by Gaius to be from the Disir--a group of three women who are the closest on Earth to the Triple Goddess--and is a judgement against Arthur.) Merlin and Mordred also have a moment alone where Merlin asserts that one day they won't have to live in hiding with Mordred responding, "Do you really believe that?" Once they arrive back in Camelot, Arthur makes the decision to confront the Disir, and Mordred begs him to take him along. At first Arthur is reluctant, but he finally relents and Mordred joins the patrol to the cave. When the Disir angrily respond to Arthur and the patrol's behavior when entering the cave, Mordred steps in front and takes the fatal blow to save Arthur. Mordred is rushed out of the cave and back to Camelot where Gaius tries his best to treat him. Gaius implores Merlin to use his magic, but Merlin refuses saying that he cannot save the man destined to kill Arthur. Arthur decides to go to the Disir to beg for Mordred's life. The Disir give him an ultimatum, saying that he must embrace the Old Ways in order to reverse the anger of the gods. They say he must decide by dawn, and Merlin in an attempt to prevent Mordred's survival says that there is no place for magic in Camelot. Arthur finally tells the Disir that he cannot embrace the Old Ways, and the Disir then proclaim that Arthur's fate and doom is now sealed. Once they arrive in Camelot, Mordred exits the castle alive and well, and Merlin realizes his mistake- that Arthur refusing to embrace the Old Religion sealed his fate. Arthur greets Mordred with a hug of relief. The final scene of the episode shows Merlin and Gaius watching out of the window as Arthur lifts Mordred up affectionately and the knights clap around them.
Mordred finally turns against Camelot when a girl he loves is executed for trying to kill Arthur. He tells Morgana Merlin is Emrys. Mordred's Sword is forged in the breath of the Dragon Aithusa. Merlin is deprived of his magic and sealed in the Crystal Cave. Morgana's Saxon Army prepares to attack the forces of Camelot at Camlann, Mordred is sent to lead part of the army through a secret pass to attack Camelot's forces. However Merlin regains his magic and warns Arthur. In the battle Mordred succeeds in wounding Arthur, however Arthur then stabs him dead. A shard of Mordred's Sword remains lodged in Arthur, killing him soon after. Mordred is buried by Morgana who swears revenge, but after tracking Arthur and Merlin down is killed by Excaliber.
Lady Morgana.
Morgana (portrayed by Katie McGrath) was the daughter of Uther Pendragon who later became an evil High Priestess of the Old Religion.
Morgana was the half-sister to both King Arthur and Morgause, and was Uther's ward (later to be revealed as his daughter). Throughout the first series, Morgana is seen as kind and caring, although also independent, bold and smart. Morgana possessed the power of prophetic foresight, something she was frightened of and used only to protect her friends. She told Gaius, the court physician and Gwen, her maid servant, of her dreams, but they usually shook them off. Morgana has been involved in a series of Merlin's early adventures, including rescuing the city from a plague, saving Merlin's village from bandits and taking care of a young druid boy, Mordred, who she formed a strong bond with. Morgana showed early stages of rebellion to Uther's rule, and was consistently shown as being opposing and disapproving of his hatred towards magic. After Uther imprisoned her in the dungeons for opposing him and executed Gwen's father, Morgana planned to have him assassinated but quickly scrapped the plan after Uther showed great care for her.
In the second series, Morgana starts to panic after several events cause her to believe she has magic. She only confides this with Merlin and became closer to him after he helped her deal with her heritage, although he did not admit to her that he, too, had magic. Merlin suggests that Morgana visit the Druids, who can help her. Morgana plans to run away with them, but this plan falls apart after the camp is invaded by Arthur and soldiers. Morgana accepts the fact that she has magic, believing it is a force for good. She first meets Morgause after she arrives to a have a duel with Arthur; Morgana feels she had met Morgause before, and it is later revealed that Morgause is her half-sister. Morgana admits to Morgause that she hates Uther and wants him dead, and Morgause enlists a plan in which a sleeping plague will take over Camelot. She makes Morgana the source of the plague without telling her. When Merlin later finds out about this, he reluctantly attempts to kill her in order to save the kingdom. Morgana is hurt by his betrayal, and seemingly dies in his arms before Morgause arrives and reluctantly undoes the spell to save Morgana. She then takes Morgana into her care for a year. During this time, she corrupts her and Morgana becomes fully pledged to evil.
In the third series, Morgana returns to Camelot and fakes being Uther's loving ward, when it is later revealed she is fueled with a desire to kill him, and hates Merlin, Arthur and all her former friends. Morgana takes part in a scheme to overthrow Uther and Camelot, which is discovered by Merlin. Merlin eventually escapes but does not tell anybody about Morgana's new found alliance after she threatens him. Merlin begs her to see sense and attempts to help her, but she dismisses his help and continues her alliance with Morgause. She actively takes part in plans to kill Arthur, and eventually Gwen. Eventually, she and Morgause take over Camelot with an immortal army and imprison Uther. Morgana's rule proves to be tyrannical; she kills the townspeople to force the knights to pledge allegiance to her and keeps Uther alive long enough to see her kill Arthur. Merlin and Arthur, meanwhile, with the help of Gwen and other friends, form a rebellion and overthrow Morgana and Morgause. Morgana escapes with a wounded Morgause, warning Merlin that it isn't over and that "it had just begun".
In the fourth series, Morgana is fully committed to evil. She seeks revenge on Arthur and all of Camelot. Morgana blames Merlin for the disfigurement of Morgause, and is forced to sacrifice her to the Underworld to unleash spirits upon Camelot. She is told by the Cailleach that "Emrys" is her "destiny and doom", although she is unaware that he is, in fact, Merlin. Morgana forms an alliance with Agravaine, Arthur' uncle, and eagerly awaits to see the downfall of Camelot. After her plan fails to succeed, she becomes fearful towards Emrys. Morgana later takes part in Uther's death, but was not satisfied until Arthur would suffer the same fate. She becomes involved in more schemes with Agravaine, including attempting to kill Arthur in a single-combat duel, kidnapping Merlin and taking over his mind to kill Arthur, kidnapping and torturing Gaius to discover who Emrys is and causing Guinevere's exile. She later takes over Camelot after confiding in a warlord, Helios, and becomes queen; however, her reign is short-lived when Arthur, Merlin and other surviving victims of her rule overthrow her army. Arthur tearfully asks Morgana what happened to her, citing that he thought they were friends. Morgana told Arthur he wasn't as different from Uther, and Arthur surprisingly retaliated with the same argument. Morgana is wounded in battle after attempting to escape and is knocked out by Merlin. She finds her way to the forest, and almost dies from her wounds; she is saved when Aithusa, a white dragon, breathes life back into her. Morgana is last seen staring gratefully at Aithusa before the season ends.
In the season 5 episode "A Lesson In Vengeance", Morgana is plotting with Gwen to kill Arthur. Morgana orders Gwen to cause a bag to explode. As a result of this sorcery, Arthur's horse was spooked and Arthur injured his shoulder. Morgana then bewitches Gwen to kill Arthur by poisoning his food. Morgana does this so she will be the heir to the throne after Arthur's death and when she kills Gwen. Fortunately, Arthur recovers with the aid of Merlin's powers. Mordred is the betrayer who wounds Arthur by stabbing him in the final battle against Morgana at Camlann. Arthur is dying and Merlin takes him to Avalon to be healed. Percival and Gwaine go after Morgana and succeed in stabbing her but are captured by her. She tortures Gwaine to death and finds where Arthur is heading. Percival breaks free and arrives in time to see Gwaine die. Morgana attacks Merlin and Arthur. She arrogantly states she cannot be harmed by normal weapons, just before Merlin stabs her with Excalibur, a weapon forged in a Dragon's breath, killing Morgana.
Morgause.
Morgause (portrayed by Emilia Fox) was a skilled warrior, sorceress, and the half-sister of Morgana Pendragon.
Morgause's exact parentage is uncertain. Gaius referred to her as Morgana's half-sister before he knew that Morgana was, in fact, the daughter of Uther, and not Gorlois. It has never been revealed which parent the two women shared, but it is believed that they had the same mother, Vivienne.
When Morgause was born, Gaius entrusted her to the care of the High Priestesses of the Old Religion and in turn spread the word throughout the court that she had died. She was believed to have been trained in the ways of the priestesses, explaining her strong and skillful magical abilities, which ultimately made her a deadly enemy to Camelot.
As an adult, Morgause returned to Camelot to challenge Arthur to single combat. As per her plan, she defeated him and spared his life after extracting a promise that he would accept a different challenge from her. She later revealed to Arthur a suspect version of the truth of Arthur's conception and birth through the summoned spirit of Ygraine. Her plot incited Arthur against Uther, and he nearly killed him. Morgause was also reunited with her younger half-sister at this time, and she gave Morgana a healing bracelet that bore the mark of the House of Gorlois and would suppress the visions that haunted Morgana's sleep.
Some months later, Morgause unleashed another attack against Camelot. She first returned the Knights of Medhir to life, and then coaxed Morgana in agreeing to assist her in removing Uther from power. Upon obtaining Morgana's compliance, Morgause put her to sleep and tied a spell that would put everyone around Morgana to sleep to Morgana's own life-force but would not affect Morgana herself. While the spell wreaked havoc on Camelot, Morgause summoned the Knights of Medhir to accompany her in invading Camelot to kill Uther. On the cusp of completing her plan, however, Morgause halted her assault when Merlin poisoned Morgana in order to break the sleeping spell. When faced with the choice of either ending the attack or losing Morgana, Morgause ultimately chose to save her half-sister's life over destroying Uther. She then fled Camelot with Morgana's unconscious body.
Over a year later, Morgause began to plot against Camelot once more, this time with Morgana as a fully willing partner. While working against the kingdom from the outside, Morgause sent her half-sister to serve as a spy and occasional assassin within the royal household itself. Their first attempt to overthrow Uther involved using magic to drive the king to madness. Then, while Uther was incapacitated, Morgause invaded Camelot with the army of her ally, Cenred, a king of a neighboring kingdom. In the midst of the battle, Morgana unleashed the dead within the catacombs. The plot, however, was thwarted by Merlin when he defeated Morgana and ended the spell. Cenred's army was repulsed and he retreated, even over Morgause's objections.
Several weeks later, Morgause briefly slipped into Camelot itself when Morgana did not meet her for a pre-arranged meeting. Morgana then revealed to her that she was actually Uther's daughter, rather than Gorlois'. While Morgana was furious over this revelation and wished to exact revenge against Uther for decades of lies, Morgause preferred to consider the long-term ramifications of this information and urged her sister not to do anything rash. Morgana did not heed Morgause's advice and tried to murder Uther in his bed, and was barely prevented from doing so by Merlin. After these events, Morgana and Morgause's plans shifted and they began to deliberately seek Arthur's death in order to solidify Morgana's claim to the throne as Uther's only remaining offspring.
Shortly thereafter, Morgause conspired with Cenred again, this time to bring about Arthur's demise. Having learned how devoted Arthur was to Gwen, they first kidnapped her brother, Elyan, and then Gwen herself before threatening to kill Elyan if Gwen did not lead Arthur to them. Gwen did so, but with Arthur's cooperation so that they might attempt to rescue her brother. However, the two were captured, along with Merlin and Morgana, the latter of whom helped arrange the ambush. After Merlin and Arthur escaped, Arthur confronted Morgause and Cenred in an effort to 'rescue' Morgana, whom he thought was being held captive. Morgause conjured a column of fire, intent on killing Arthur with it, but was stopped because of Merlin's interference, when he used magic to collapse a ceiling on top of them.
Morgause recovered, and she reappeared in Camelot not long after. Disguised as an old woman, she met with Morgana to discuss Arthur's coming of age quest. She then gave Morgana a phoenix bracelet to give to Arthur, which would drain Arthur's life and prevent him from ever returning to Camelot. While departing, Morgause was spotted and recognized by Gwen, which led to the beginning of the maid's suspicions about Morgana's loyalties.
Some time later, Morgause yet again met with Morgana within Camelot. Her half-sister informed her of a vision where she had seen Gwen being crowned Queen of Camelot. Believing that Morgana's dream was actually a prophecy, since it should have been suppressed by Morgana's healing bracelet, Morgause urged Morgana to do whatever was necessary to prevent Gwen from ever being crowned. Their efforts would ultimately come to nothing.
Morgause's plans to capture Camelot eventually came to fruition. When she was able to capture the Cup of Life from Arthur, Merlin, and Gwaine, Morgana used it to make Cenred's army immortal and, thus, unstoppable. After doing so, she betrayed Cenred, ordering one of his men to kill him because she no longer had any use for him. Shortly thereafter, Morgause and her army captured Camelot and Uther. She stripped him of hiw crown and throne, and then directed Morgana's coronation after her sister revealed her knowledge of her true parentage.
Morgause's occupation of Camelot ultimately proved brief. Morgause led the effort to hunt down Arthur and his few remaining supporters, even convincing Morgana to let Gwen and Leon escape so they could lead her to the fugitives. In the subsequent battle to reclaim Camelot, Morgause was defeated by the combined magic of Gaius and Merlin, the latter of whom threw her against a column which rendered her unconscious. The blood held in the Cup of Life was then spilled, which destroyed the immortal army. Defeated, Morgana was left to flee Camelot with her sister's unconscious body, though not before Morgana swore that the crusade against Camelot had "just begun".
Over a year later, Morgause was still suffering from the injuries she'd suffered at Gaius and Merlin's hands. Knowing that she was dying, she traveled with Morgana to the Isle of the Blessed where Morgause acted as a willing blood sacrifice to allow Morgana to unleash the Dorocha on the people of Camelot. Many people died as a result of Morgana and Morgause's actions, including Lancelot, who also acted as a willing sacrifice to seal the Dorocha away again. This left Morgause trapped among the dead for good.
Though Morgause was gone, her actions had far-reaching consequences. In seducing Morgana to join her, she helped to create Camelot's most implacable enemy. Morgana did not stop her attacks until she herself was killed by Merlin. Morgana also continued to hold her half-sister's memory dear to her heart, seeking revenge against Merlin for his part in Morgause's demise and only reluctantly giving up the healing bracelet Morgause had given her to Alator of the Catha as a price for discovering the identity of Emrys.
Myror.
Myror (portrayed by Adrian Lester) was an assassin/bounty hunter sent to kill Arthur by King Odin, whose son Arthur had killed in a duel. Arthur pretended to leave Camelot on a journey, with the plan of entering a fake "knight" into Camelot's jousting tournament and then taking his place in the final, so as to win by Arthur's own skill and not just because he was a prince. However, Myror deduced that Arthur had returned to Camelot, and soon tracked him to Gwen's house, where Arthur was staying. He was about to shoot Arthur but was interrupted when an armed guard passed by, looking for the assassin who had been sent after Arthur. When Myror discovered that Arthur had secretly entered the tournament, he killed Arthur's opponent and went to battle Arthur by himself. He injured Arthur with a blade hidden inside Myror's lance but Arthur returned to the field so as not to forfeit the tournament. Merlin found the body of the dead knight and worked out that it was Myror whom Arthur was fighting. Myror pulled out the blade again so Merlin used magic to cut a strap on his armour/saddle, distracting him so that Arthur could win, killing him. Arthur chose to let the fake "knight," who had secured Arthur's place in the final, take the glory. Continuing with his story that he had left Camelot before the tournament, he pretended to have killed Myror during an ambush on the way back.
N.
Nimueh.
Nimueh (portrayed by Michelle Ryan) was an antagonistic, yet beautiful witch. It is revealed in the episode "Excalibur", and through interviews with Michelle Ryan, that Nimueh was once the personal witch of the Pendragon family, and was called upon to help Uther's queen conceive. She was forced to let Arthur's mother die in childbirth in order to protect the balance of life and death. As a result Uther banished her from Camelot, banned magic from the kingdom and swore to execute all those caught using sorcery. It is suggested that Nimueh's beautiful features are an illusion brought about by her powerful magic; she can change her appearance at will ("The Poison Chalice"), looking no older than the 21-year-old Arthur despite having been in service to his family long before his birth.
In the last episode of series 1, Nimueh offers to revive Arthur from a fatal magical wound, but she informs Merlin that there will be a heavy price to pay. Merlin says he will give his life to save Arthur's. However, Nimeuh makes no comment on the matter. This causes Merlin to expect his life to be traded for Arthur's. Nimueh instead takes the life of Merlin's mother. To stop Merlin from sacrificing himself to save his dying mother, Gaius goes in his place. Once Gaius is at the brink of death, Merlin becomes involved in a magical battle with Nimueh, after he refuses her offer to unite with him. Gaius is then revived after the battle; therefore, it is confirmed Nimueh is dead.
O.
Owain.
Sir Owain (portrayed by Kyle Redmond-Jones) was a royal knight of Camelot. He died while fighting the mysterious "Black Knight", who was in fact the reanimated form of Uther Pendragon's late brother-in-law Tristan De Bois, brought back as an immortal wraith by Nimueh's magic.
Odin.
King Odin (portrayed by Fintan McKeown) is the ruler of a kingdom neighboring Camelot. Arthur killed his son in single combat; he did not have a quarrel with the boy, but the other prince would not back down from the challenge. In retaliation, Odin sent a professional assassin, Myror to Camelot to attempt to kill Arthur in the episode "The Once and Future Queen". Myror took the place of Arthur's opponent in the joust, and Merlin had to use his magic to loosen the strap on his horse's saddle in order to save Arthur. Uther wanted to make war against him, but Arthur talked him out of it, saying Odin had been motivated by grief. In The Wicked Day, Odin sends The Gleeman to assassinate Arthur. He fails in this task, but succeeds in fatally injuring and later killing Uther.
Olaf.
King Olaf (portrayed by Mark Lewis Jones) is the ruler of a kingdom neighboring Camelot. Olaf has a daughter, Vivian, who along with Arthur, was enchanted by King Alined and Trickler so that they would fall in love and provoke Uther and Olaf to war. ("Sweet Dreams"). Olaf challenges Arthur to a fight to the death when he and Uther discover Arthur and Vivian kissing. Arthur is so distracted by the love spell, though, that he is nearly killed before Gwen arrives and breaks the spell with a kiss. Arthur disarms Olaf, but does not kill him, as that is not the way to make peace.
Osgar.
Osgar (portrayed by Andrew Tiernan) was a sorcerer who had killed one of the King's knights, Sir Ranulph (se5 ep5). He was a sorcerer that had worked to bring justice upon the ones defying The Triple Goddess. He was killed by Gwaine.
P.
Pellinor.
Sir Pellinor (portrayed by Sean Francis) was a royal knight of Camelot who died in mortal combat with the "Black Knight", really the undead Tristan de Bois.
Percival.
Sir Percival (portrayed by Tom Hopper) is a friend of Lancelot who accompanied him after Merlin sent a message requesting Lancelot's aid after Morgana's takeover of Camelot. In a deleted scene, Lancelot revealed that "Cenred's men raided his village and killed his family" and as soon as he had heard Lancelot was going to Camelot to fight them he volunteered his services to help. Demonstrating great physical strength, Percival triggered a rockslide that saved Arthur and his allies from Morgause's attacking immortal knights, prompting Arthur to ask Percival to call him 'Arthur' rather than 'Your Highness' despite the fact that the two had only just met. Not long after, Percival swore allegiance to Arthur and aids him in the subsequent attempt to retake Camelot, stating that Arthur's enemies were his enemies. In recognition of his bravery, Arthur knighted Percival as a knight of Camelot despite his lack of noble birth. Following the battle, Percival accompanied Gwen and the other Knights of the Round Table back to Camelot, the group now dressed in the cloaks and armour of true Knights of Camelot.
Despite his size and strength, Percival is a gentle giant who only uses his strength when the situation demands it. Other than that, he is kind with a good sense of humor and has been shown to have an especially strong friendship with his fellow knight Gwaine.
Percival was one of Uther's target's when Uther was a spirit, taking vengeance on Arthur's 'bad choices'. Percival was stabbed through the shoulder by an axe Uther made fly at him, presumably because Percival is not of noble blood. 
Percival caught Guinevere when she was sneaking out to meet Morgana, but when she said she was going to the town because it reminded her of her brother, Percival showed sympathy and promised not to tell anyone that she had been gone.
R.
Ruadan.
Ruadan (Portrayed by Liam Cunningham) was a Druid leader who owned the fortress of Izmir. He had a brief alliance with Morgana. His daughter was Sefa, a mole in Camelot, who he rescues when discovered as being a mole. He is killed in the process.
King Rodor.
King Rodor (Portrayed by James Fox) is Princess Mithian's father.
S.
Sefa.
Sefa was the servant of Queen Guinevere in "Arthur's Bane, Part One", the opening episode of Series 5, Sefa was caught listening to Camelot's councils meeting about how they would attack Izmir, Ruadan's (Ruadan had a brief alliance with Morgana) fortress, however Sefa claimed she was bringing in the Queen's dinner and was believed. But, it turned out that Sefa was in fact Ruadan's daughter and she had been placed in Camelot as a mole for Ruadan. With the information given from Sefa, Ruadan and Morgana ambushed the Knights of Camelot, who were on their way to rescue the captured Percival and Gwaine, who returned to Camelot claiming that there must have been a spy in their midst who had given the information of their whereabouts to Morgana and Ruadan. Guinevere figured it must have been Sefa who had betrayed them and Sefa confessed to the crime, being sentenced to death by Gwen in the absence of Arthur. In the following episode, "Arthur's Bane, Part Two", Sefa is due to be hanged for treason. However, Gwen reveals that she will not hang Sefa as she is just trying to capture Ruadan who she will hope will come rescue his daughter. Ruadan does show and does rescue Sefa, however, is stabbed in the process. He and Sefa escape but Ruadan dies a few miles out of Camelot and Sefa runs off, her current whereabouts are unknown.
Sophia.
Sophia (portrayed by Holliday Grainger) was a beautiful young woman who appeared in Camelot with her elderly father, Aulfric. Morgana had a terrifying dream of Arthur dying at Sophia's hands. It emerged that Sophia and Aulfric were Sidhe, magical creatures exiled from the land of eternal life and condemned to live as humans as penalty for Aulfric murdering another Sidhe. Aulfric bargained with the Sidhe elders for Sophia to return, and they ordered that she sacrifice the soul of a mortal prince to appease the elders. Sophia bewitched Arthur and nearly killed him by drowning him in the lake, but was herself killed by Merlin using her own magical staff.
T.
Taliesin.
Taliesin (portrayed by Karl Johnson) was a seer over three centuries before the events of the show. Using the mysteries of the Crystal Cave, he was able to see the future in great depth. Although he died years ago, he appeared to Merlin- it was unspecified whether Taliesin had left a magical 'recording' of himself to pass on his message, had come forward in time from the past, or if this was merely his ghost- when Arthur was badly injured by an arrow, healing Arthur's wound and subsequently taking Merlin--whom he referred to as 'Emrys'--to the Crystal Cave, where he showed Merlin the crystals, explaining that only a few rare individuals are able to use the crystals to see the future. He claimed to have seen visions of Merlin during his lifetime, hinting at Merlin's great destiny in the future.
Tauren.
Tauren (portrayed by Cal Macaninch) was a sorcerer who led a gang of renegade wizards with the aim of bringing down Uther Pendragon. He enlisted the help of Gwen's father, Tom, to perform alchemy with the use of a magical stone but escaped when Tom was caught by the royal guards. He later conspired with Morgana to bring Uther to her father's grave where he could be killed by Tauren, Morgana angered at Uther's recent order to execute Tom simply for participating in alchemy when he had no way of knowing what he was involved in. Morgana, however, had a change of heart as Uther apologised to her for ordering Tom's execution. Tauren then attacked Uther and was fatally wounded by Morgana.
Tom.
Tom (portrayed by David Durham) was the father of Guinevere and Elyan. He worked as a blacksmith in Camelot. When Nimueh poisoned the city's water supply, he fell victim to the magical plague which had killed many others. Merlin cured him using magic, resulting in Gwen being blamed for causing the plague. She was arrested for witchcraft but later released, and joyfully reunited with her father. Tom made the sword which became Excalibur when the Great Dragon gave it magical powers for Arthur's use. He later became involved in a plot by a sorcerer, Tauren, to perform alchemy using the legendary Philosopher's Stone (referred to in dialogue as the "Mage Stone"). Tom was arrested and put on trial for treason in unwittingly assisting a known enemy of Camelot, because Uther believed that Tom was supplying weapons to Tauren. Morgana suspected that the trial was a formality and Uther planned to have Tom executed anyway just to make an example of him. He was then killed by soldiers after she helped him to escape from the dungeons.
Tristan De Bois.
Tristan De Bois (portrayed by Rick English and voiced by Christopher Fairbank) was Uther Pendragon's brother-in-law and Arthur's uncle. He blamed Uther for his sister's death in childbirth and was killed by Uther in a duel to the death. His final words swore vengeance on Uther. Nimueh later used necromancy to bring him back as an undead wraith, harnessing the power of De Bois's suffering while he was alive. This form of De Bois was also killed by Uther, using the sword Excalibur, which had been blessed by the Great Dragon and was intended for Arthur's use only (Uther had Gaius drug Arthur and took his place, forcing Merlin to dispose of the sword until the time came for Arthur to wield it himself).
Tristan.
Tristan (portrayed by Ben Daniels) is the love of Isolde and fellow smuggler. Has a dislike to Arthur because the taxes Arthur's people pay was to much for him and Tristan became a smuggler
U.
Uther Pendragon.
Uther Pendragon (portrayed by Anthony Head) was the king of Camelot. He was a competent ruler of Camelot for many years, leading the realm into prosperity. His wife, Ygraine, was unable to have children, so Uther made a magical deal to enable her to bear him a son, however she died shortly after, leading Uther to hate magic, and all who would practice it. He began "The Great Purge", which led to a near extinction of magic in the realm. Later on, he would take in Morgana (who secretly was his daughter) and raise her alongside Arthur. At the end of Series 3, he is taken prisoner and tortured, but is eventually rescued by Arthur and his knights, with Merlin. Uther is unable to lead the realm afterwards, and Arthur takes over with assistance from his uncle Agravaine. In the series 4 episode "The Wicked Day", Uther protects Arthur from an assassin (hired by Odin) by placing himself between his son and the assassin's knife. Uther is critically wounded, and Merlin attempts to heal him with magic, but is unsuccessful, as unbeknownst to him, Morgana and Agravaine have placed a necklace on Uther to make Merlin's magic harmful. Uther dies, making Arthur the king.
He returns in the episode, "The Death-Song of Uther Pendragon" - as Arthur's coronation occurred when his father died, the anniversary is a sad reminder of losing Uther. He discovers a way to see his father's spirit, but is heedless of the potential danger, with his wish. 
The young king ends up very disappointed by his reunion, though- as Uther is more than a little disappointed with the changes his son has made (either ignoring or altering the Knights' Code, to allow for the knighting of but common-born men - and is particularly disparaging of his son's wife; the idea of making a maidservant, the daughter of an executed 'traitor'- Camelot's queen, is anathema to Arthur's late father - he's angry his son had not adhered to Uther's desires to strengthen the kingdom through an alliance of marriage). The greatly saddened Arthur departs, but unfortunately looks back at his father's shade (not unlike the Orpheus and Eurydice legend), not knowing/ remembering, that if one looks back, as the veil's being closed- a spirit can be released. This is confirmed when strange and even violent things start happening in Camelot; the injuring of the 'common-born knights', like Percival- a chandelier collapsing onto The Round Table, the symbol of equality and unity in the ‘new’ Camelot- and the assault on Gwen, which upsets and angers Arthur. 
Spirit-Uther believes his son is leading the kingdom to ruin, and he must return to rule Camelot, once more.
Unlike Lancelot, he's not a 'revenant' (resurrected dead without memory), so much as a vengeful ghost - however, it's very difficult for them to anticipate the spirit-Uther's actions when they can't see him- so Merlin and Gaius work on not only making Uther's spirit visible, but on sending him back to the Afterlife. They locate an artifact, the Horn of Cathbad, which, when blown, will return him to the Otherworld; while Arthur is knocked out- Merlin reveals his magic to Uther- just before he can tell his son the truth of his servant, Arthur blows the horn and Uther is finally forced to rest in the Afterlife.
V.
Valiant.
Knight Valiant (portrayed by Will Mellor) was a knight from the Western Isles, who came to Camelot to battle in the annual sword-fighting tournament. Unknown to others, he was cheated by using a magical shield (acquired from a sorcerer named Devlin, that he then killed) covered with painted snakes, which came to life at Valiant's command. He planned to kill Prince Arthur with the snakes, take the title of champion and win the heart of Morgana. However, his use of magic was revealed by Merlin and Arthur killed Knight Valiant in the finale of the tournament.
Vivian.
Lady Vivian (portrayed by Georgia Moffett) is the daughter of King Olaf, who came to Camelot with three other kings to sign a peace treaty. Taking advantage of her paranoid and almost insanely overprotective father, another king arranged for Arthur to be enchanted to fall in love with her, hoping that the subsequent duel between Arthur and Olaf when Olaf discovered this 'insult' to his wishes would result in the death of one and the subsequent declaration of war. But, Vivian did not love Arthur and was described as the only woman in the kingdom not to love him. So, the warmongering king had her enchanted as well, making her fall desperately in love with Arthur. Although Merlin and Gwen were able to break Arthur's enchantment, Vivian apparently remained in love with Arthur as she departed Camelot; it is unknown if the spell will wear off over time or she will be forever be under its effects.
Vivienne.
Vivienne is the absent mother of Morgana and Morgause and wife of Gorlois. Presumably before she was married, she became pregnant with a baby girl. She named the girl Morgause, gave her a bracelet bearing the mark of the house of Gorlois, then gave her to Gaius to smuggle out of Camelot. He then entrusted her to the High Priestesses of the Old Religion. She then resumed her life as normal, got married and, some years later, became pregnant with another girl. This girl was to be the heir to the house of Gorlois and was named Morgana. What Gorlois, however did not know was that the girl who was heir to his title was actually rightfully heir to another title as well. Vivienne knew this. Morgana was rightful second heir to the throne of Camelot. While Gorlois was away fighting for King Uther Pendragon, Vivienne grew lonely and then had a brief affair with Uther.
The affair was realised by Morgana in Series 3, 23 years later. She was not happy with Uther.
When Gorlois died, Vivienne disappeared leaving Morgana in the care of Uther. There were consequences, however, to her actions as when she disappeared, she left Morgana (supposedly) an orphan. She has not been seen since, but has been mentioned in The Crystal Cave, when Morgana's true parentage was revealed.
Morgana was Uther's daughter, but he would not tell her because he was not married to Vivienne and that made it a disgrace. Morgana was outraged that Uther did not tell her that he was her father and turned against him.
W.
William.
William (portrayed by Joe Dempsie) was a childhood friend of Merlin. He had an extreme distrust of nobility because his father died in service to a royal army. When Prince Arthur came to defend Merlin's home village from raiders, William initially accused him of using the villagers as cannon fodder but eventually saw that Arthur was not afraid to risk his own life in battle. William died defending Arthur from being hit by a crossbow, fired by the leader of the defeated raiders. Arthur knew that magic had been used to drive the raiders away, and the dying William took responsibility for this in order to protect Merlin.
William of Daira.
Sir William of Daira (portrayed by Alex Price) is a knight who comes to Camelot for a jousting tournament. In the episode "The Once and Future Queen" Arthur plans to enter the tournament without any of the other competitors knowing who he is and consequently avoiding any special treatment. In truth, 'Sir William' is really a farmer from one of the outer villages. His purpose is to pretend to be a knight taking part in the tournament, when in reality Arthur will be jousting in his place. He does not look the part, despite Merlin and Gwen's best efforts, but manages to act the part after he is given advice on nobility and arrogance from Arthur. When Arthur wins the tournament, he lets the farmer posing as 'Sir William' take the glory, as Arthur feels it is a time for humility.
Y.
Ygraine Pendragon.
Ygraine Pendragon (portrayed by Alice Patten) was the wife of Uther Pendragon and mother of Arthur. She and Uther called upon Nimueh to help her conceive an heir to the throne, as a result of which Ygraine had to die in childbirth so as to preserve the natural balance of life and death. Her brother, Tristan De Bois, swore revenge on Uther and Nimueh later brought him back from the dead as a wraith in order to wreak vengeance. Her death also left Uther with a grudge against all magic, leading him to start his great purge and laws against magic. An apparition of Ygraine appears in "The Sins of the Father", in which Arthur learns the secret of his birth, claiming that Uther went to Nimueh without her knowledge and in full awareness of the price that would be paid for Arthur's birth, but given the presumably false nature of this vision this information is suspect at best.
Ygraine also appears in "The Tears of Uther Pendragon, Part 1" as one of Uther's hallucinations, grabbing and hanging on to Uther's arm in a well.
She is also the sister of Lord Agravaine.

</doc>
<doc id="19408797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408797" title="Wadi es-Sebua">
Wadi es-Sebua

Wadi es-Sebua, or Valley of the Lions (so-called because of the sphinx-lined approach to the temple forecourts) (Arab: واديالسبوع), is the site of two New Kingdom Egyptian temples, including one speos temple built by Ramesses II, in Lower Nubia. The first temple was built by Amenhotep III and subsequently restored by Ramesses II. In its first stage, this temple "consisted of a rock-cut sanctuary (about 3 m by 2 m) fronted by a brick-built pylon, a court and a hall, partly painted with wall paintings." The temple was perhaps dedicated to one of the local Nubian forms of Horus, but his representations were altered to Amun at a later point in time. During the Amarna period, images of Amun were attacked and the decorations deteriorated but Ramesses II later restored and extended Amenhotep III's temple by building structures in front of the pylon.
The temple of Amun of Ramesses II.
The second larger temple which was built at el-Sebua was known as ""The Temple of Ri'amesse-meryamun" II "in the Domain of Amun"" and constructed roughly 150 km northeast of Amenhotep III's temple. Contemporary monuments and representations of the viceroy of Kush, Setau, indicate that this temple was set up between Years 35 and Year 50 of Ramesses II. Setau is known to have served as the Viceroy of Kush or Nubia between Year 38 to 63 of this pharaoh's reign and was responsible for Ramesses' later Nubian temples. The temple of Wadi es-Sebua was the third sanctuary or chapel constructed from rock with a forecourt built with stones that Ramesses II erected in Nubia. Located at approximately a hundred and fifty kilometers south of Aswan, on the western bank of the Nile, the temple owed its importance to the fact that during the Ramesside period, the city was built at the outlet of the caravan roads, was used as the place of residence for the viceroy of Kush and because it was located at a difficult stretch of the Nile which was difficult for boats to traverse up against the current. Ramesses II entrusted the management of his work projects here to the viceroy of Nubia Setau which, if one judges by the poor quality of the Osiride style and statues of the court, was forced to settle on an "untrained work force, many of whom were snatched from the Libyan oases" and by "inferior raw materials." 
The temple of ""Ramesses beloved of Amon in the field of Amun"" was used as a quay or resting place for boats during its descent of the Nile river. The local Arabs, inspired by the stone sculptures of sphinxes which lined the entrance to the first temple, baptized the place as 'Wadi es-Sebua' or the Valley of the lions. The temple comprised three distinct parts: two open courts which were decorated with sphinxes or dromos, a large interior court with Osiride pillars and the rock hewn temple. This temple was, hence, "partly free-standing and partly rock-cut." 
The temple once possessed three pylons. The first two, however, were made of inferior Nile mud brick and have since crumbled. Only the stone gate passageway through them has survived. Beyond the first tower, the first courtyard appears with two human headed sphinxes accompanied by two statues of the pharaoh himself which originally stand on both sides of the passageway. Only the left-hand statue of Ramesses II remains "in situ" whereas the other statue now lies in the desert. Beyond the second pylon, a second courtyard with four falconheaded sphinxes appear representing Horus of Miam, of Meha, of Baki and, curiously, Horus of Edfu when one would expect that of Buhen instead in Nubia. Between their legs, a statuette with the image of Ramesses capped with the némès crown appears. On their base, an inscription states Ramesses "Lord of Sed-festivals, as his/her Ptah father" refers to the desire for longevity on behalf of this pharaoh which was already expressed on the vestiges of the second door: "Ramsès-Meryamun, lord of Sed-festivals, like Ptah." Just prior to entering the third tower, four colossal statues of Ramesses II appear of which, only one statue remains upright today. The third pylon is decorated with the conventional Egyptian style of the Pharaoh smiting his enemies and making offerings to the gods, including himself. Once one passes through the third pylon, the rock cut section of the temple begins with a hypostyle hall composed of 12 square pillars:
The "antechamber opens into two side rooms, two side chapels and the sanctuary itself." Although the statues in the sanctuary niches were destroyed, they "undoubtedly represented Amon-Re, Re-Harakhty and Ramesses II himself." The larger temple at Wadi es-Sebua was built in the rather rough Nubian style, which marked some of Ramesses II's larger buildings.
Development into a church.
In the 5th century AD, the temple was converted into a Christian church. Some temple reliefs were covered with a layer of plaster, where painted images of God was done. This layer helped to preserve for posterity the original reliefs; the best examples here are located in the sanctuary and associated chapels of Ramesses' temple where colourful scenes depict Ramesess adoring the sacred boats of Amun-Re and Re-Horakhty. There is also an interesting scene in the central niche of Wadi es-Sebua temple where two statues of Amun and Re-Horakhty which stood besides Ramesses II were hacked away by later Christian worshippers and replaced by an image of St. Peter. When the plaster coating was removed from the carved reliefs, one finds a bizarre image of Ramesses II offering flowers to...St Peter instead.
Relocation of the Temple.
When the Wadi es-Sebua temples were threatened by flooding from the construction of the Aswan Dam project, the temple was dismantled in 1964 with U.S. support by the Egyptian Antiquities Service. They were moved to a new site only 4 km west from their original location. 
The Temple of Dakka and Temple of Maharraqa were also moved and rebuilt at the new Wadi es-Sebua temple complex area.

</doc>
<doc id="19408799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408799" title="Bayasgalangiin Garidmagnai">
Bayasgalangiin Garidmagnai

Bayasgalangiin Garidmagnai (Mongolian Cyrillic: Баясгалангийн Гарьдмагнай) born 17 September 1985 in Ulaanbaatar, is a Mongolian international footballer who currently plays for Ulaanbaataryn Mazaalaynuud in the Niislel League, the top level of football in Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19408814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408814" title="Sonny with a Chance">
Sonny with a Chance

Sonny with a Chance is an American children's sitcom which aired on Disney Channel, created by Steve Marmel. The series follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe, portrayed by Demi Lovato, who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy television show, "So Random!".
The series debuted on February 8, 2009, in the United States. This is the first Disney Channel Original Series to be shot and aired in high-definition from the beginning. Like most of Disney Channel's sitcoms, it is shot on tape, but uses a "filmized" appearance. The second season, some scenes are shot on location. The series is one of the three Disney Channel Original Series to feature a show-within-a-show, with "The Famous Jett Jackson" and "Shake It Up", was shot.
The series was ended on January 2, 2011, due to Lovato's departure from her role. The series later continued without Lovato, under the name "So Random!".
Characters.
Sonny is a friendly, eccentric and well-intentioned teenage girl from Appleton, Wisconsin who lands a main role on her favorite comedy sketch television show, "So Random!." She is a rising star of the ensemble cast and works hard to be the best comedian she can be. Sonny often tries to solve the ongoing feud between the "Mackenzie Falls" and "So Random!" casts, especially when she dates the star of "Mackenzie Falls," Chad Dylan Cooper. She was Chad's girlfriend as of the episode "Falling for the Falls" until they split in "Sonny with a Choice". As seen in further episodes, all of her co-stars are very fond of her. She does not appear in "So Random!", due to Lovato's departure.
Tawni is a main cast member of "So Random!" She originally feared Sonny was moving in on her spotlight and acted meanly towards the newcomer. However, after a while, the two become best friends. Tawni is a diva; she loves mirrors, make-up and everything about herself. She is self-centered, but also talented and has a soft side. She has a similar personality to Chad. She prefers to wear "Coco Mocho Coco" lipstick, as stated in many episodes.
Chad is a teen heartthrob as the star on "Mackenzie Falls", the rival teen TV series of "So Random!". He is egotistical and self-centered. He has a soft side, which he usually only shows to Sonny. He and Sonny had a love-hate relationship until the 2nd season when he was Sonny's boyfriend as of the episode "Falling for the Falls" until they split in "Sonny with a Choice." As a result of this romance, he started to warm up to the "So Random!" cast and eventually started to "hang out" with them. It is shown that he still has feelings for Sonny in the episode after they split. Many fans assume that in a parallel universe the two will become a couple again, even though Demi Lovato left the show. In the first season, he was seen as a spoiled, vain young man, but in later episodes, he has changed to be more loving and kind. Throughout season 1 he displays feelings for Sonny. For example, in the episode "Sonny with a Chance of Dating" Chad was jealous when he found out Sonny was going on a date with James. In addition, in the same episode, when Chad and Sonny were fake dating, Chad said to put her head on his shoulder hinting that he likes her. In the episode, "You've got Fan Mail", Sonny seems touched that Chad actually cared enough to dress up as Eric for her. Chad tries to cover it up by saying he just wanted to try on the beard that went along with the Eric costume. Again, in episode 16 of the first season, "Sonny in the Kitchen with Dinner", Chad becomes jealous when he sees the news on a magazine about Sonny kissing Haden because of the kiss cam.
Nico is a cast member of "So Random!" who is best friends with Grady. He is always striking out with the girls and has a crush on Mackenzie Falls star Penelope, who constantly turns him down when he asks her out. A running gag throughout the series is Nico jumping into Grady's arms when he gets scared, like Scooby and Shaggy. He is said to have been discovered in a one man band.
Grady is a cast member of "So Random!". He is best friends with Nico who often calls him "G". Grady is always involved in strange plans with Nico. He is shown to be dull-witted, gullible and immature. He also comes up with very strange conclusions to certain situations. He loves to eat and hates exercising. He claims to be an expert lip-reader, but very often misreads his targets' mouths and comes up with non-sensical sentences. In the episode "The New Girl" he tells Nico that when he's around a girl that he believes likes him, he will turn into a Scotsman named Seamus McGregor. He has a big brother named Grant who is in college and is the leader of his own fraternity.
Zora is a cast member of "So Random!". She is very smart, mysterious, crazy and clever. She is the most cunning of the 'So Random!' cast and is known as "the weird one". She often pops out of nowhere, surprising her friends. She is somewhat a detective and puts her skills to use in the "So Random" studio. She listens in on her friends' conversations and then shocks them by speaking to them about it later on. She appeared sporadically throughout the second season.
Production.
The original working title for the series was "Sketchpad!", and the original name for the main character was Molly Munroe. The show's title was later changed to "Welcome to Mollywood". After the first publicity materials about the show were released, the lead character's name was then changed to Holli and the title changed once again to "Welcome to Holliwood". The main character's name was later changed to Sonny Munroe, and the show's title was changed for a final time to "Sonny with a Chance". The name is a play on the words "Sunny with a chance of rain", as heard in weather forecasts, reflecting the many comical situations in which the cast find themselves in each episode.
"Sonny with a Chance" has a show-within-a-show, "So Random!", complete with fully produced sketches. The show's executive producer Brian Robbins previously wrote for and served as an executive producer on the real-life kids sketch comedy series "All That" and "The Amanda Show" for Nickelodeon.
Gary Marsh, president of entertainment, Disney Channel Worldwide, stated "This series is rooted in one of the core thematic attributes that we stand for, which is following your dreams, there also was the opportunity to do a hybrid show." The show began production on September 15, 2008 and the first season was taped at Stage 11 at NBC Studios in Burbank, California; for the second season, the show's production moved to Hollywood Center Studios in Hollywood, California, where "The Suite Life on Deck", "Wizards of Waverly Place" and "Jonas L.A." are also filmed.
Demi Lovato's departure.
It was announced on November 12, 2010 that the third season would begin production without Lovato, due to her recovering from health issues. The series would now focus on the sketch/comedy/music-variety show "So Random!", centering around guest stars, sketches, digital shorts, and musical performances, a similar format to "Saturday Night Live", but targeted at a much younger audience. Production of the third season began on January 30, 2011.
On April 19, 2011, People.com reported that Demi Lovato would not be returning for the third season. As a result, the show would be renamed "So Random!" and focus only on the sketches rather than the behind-the-scenes antics. As a result of Lovato's departure from "Sonny with a Chance", the series is the second Disney Channel original series to have its lead actor/actress leave during the series' run (after "So Weird"), and the fourth Disney Channel series to have a main cast member leave the series during its run (with "That's So Raven" and "Jonas L.A." also included).
The third season was then turned into its own new series based on its new format.
Shows within the show.
"So Random!".
"So Random!" is a comedy sketch series that employs most of the main cast. It often causes the cast of "Sonny with a Chance" to dress in ridiculous costumes, and act out nonsensical situations. This was spun-off to its own series after Lovato's departure.
"Mackenzie Falls".
The enemies of the "So Random!" group, "Mackenzie Falls" is a tween drama series featuring comedic overacting. The show is similar to "Dawson's Creek" and "Gossip Girl", among others. The show's name, "Mackenzie Falls", comes from Chad's character's name and the name of the town (which is located near a waterfall). In the season two episode "The Legend of Candy Face", the cast of "So Random!" made a parody of "Mackenzie Falls" titled "Mackenzie Stalls", which was set in a bathroom. Minisodes and promos can be seen on the "Sonny with a Chance" website.
Theme song and opening sequence.
The show's theme song "So Far, So Great", was written and produced by Jeanne Lurie, Chen Neeman and Aristedis "Aris" Archontis, who have each written songs for several artists on Disney-owned Hollywood Records. It is performed by series actress Demi Lovato. The theme is of pop-rock style (the music cues composed by Chris Alan Lee and Scott Clausen, signaling scene changes and commercial breaks are styled similarly).
A full-length version of this theme was released via the Radio Disney network on March 31, 2009, less than two months after the show's U.S. premiere. The theme song is also featured as a track on the Disney compilation album, "Disney Channel Playlist", released by Walt Disney Records on June 9, 2009. The song is also available as the bonus track on Lovato's second album "Here We Go Again", released by Hollywood Records on July 21, 2009.
In the Russian version of the series ("Дайте Санни шанс" aka Give Sonny a Chance), the cast member's names are rendered in Cyrillic—and the intro is performed by a different Russian girl in Russian (not by Demi Lovato). Otherwise, in translation the intro music is not changed.
In the Brazilian Portuguese version ("Sunny Entre Estrelas"), the intro music is sung in translation.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records on October 5, 2010. It was preceded by the single "Me, Myself and Time", was released on August 3, 2010.
DVD releases.
Complete seasons.
The complete first season was released on May 7, 2010 in Poland and Mexico, and on August 26, 2010 in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19408821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408821" title="1988 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1988 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19408822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408822" title="Bryngwyn railway station">
Bryngwyn railway station

Bryngwyn railway station is a former station which was the terminus for passengers on the Bryngwyn Branch of the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways, and later the Welsh Highland Railway. Beyond the station, an incline climbed the slope of Moel Tryfan to serve a series of slate quarries. Those connected by tramways to the incline head included the Alexandra quarry, Moel Tryfan quarry, Fron quarry, Braich quarry and Cilgwyn quarry.
History.
At Bryngwyn a 1 in 10 balanced incline owned by the Welsh Highland Railway led to an upper plateau from where quarry owned lines radiated to several slate quarries in the Moel Tryfan and Nantlle area. Although slate traffic continued as required until final closure in 1936, passenger trains ceased to operate on the branch in 1916. 
There is very little left of the original Bryngwyn station today, which would have stood in the middle of fields near a farm where the station takes its name. The station consisted of a typical North Wales Narrow Gauge Railway station building, signal box, and a siding connecting to a goods shed. Beyond the station the line was connected to the Slate Quarries of Moel Tryfan.
Status.
The trackbed of line from Tryfan Junction to Bryngwyn has been purchased by the Ffestiniog Railway Co., but there are no immediate plans to re-open it. In 2011 the trackbed became a public footpath, although with conditions that this will not impede reopening of the branch line in the future.
The Station name board is preserved in the Talyllyn Narrow Gauge Railway Museum in Tywyn.

</doc>
<doc id="19408837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408837" title="New York Yankees minor league players">
New York Yankees minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the New York Yankees system.
Players.
Dean Anna.
Dean William Anna (born November 24, 1986) is a professional baseball infielder for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball. On November 20, 2013 he was traded from the San Diego Padres to the Yankees.
Anna was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 26th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft out of Ball State University.
Dante Bichette, Jr..
Alphonse Dante Bichette, Jr. (born September 26, 1992 in Orlando, Florida) is an American Minor League Baseball (MiLB) third baseman who was drafted 51 overall in the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft by the New York Yankees.
Bichette debuted in the Minor Leagues as part of the Yankees Gulf Coast League team, the GCL Yankees on June 20, 2011.
Bichette was born in Orlando, Florida in 1992. His father Dante Bichette, is a former Major League Baseball player.
During his senior year at Orangewood Christian High School he batted .640 with 10 home runs and 40 RBIs in 30 games.
Greg Bird.
Gregory Paul Bird (born November 9, 1992) is an American professional baseball first baseman in the New York Yankees organization. 
Bird attended Grandview High School in Aurora, Colorado where he was the Colorado Gatorade Baseball Player of the Year as a senior.
Bird was drafted by the New York Yankees in the fifth round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft. He had committed to the University of Arkansas, but signed with the Yankees. He was drafted as a catcher but was moved to first base.
Bird made his professional debut for the Gulf Coast Yankees in 2011. He finished the season playing in four games, going 1 for 12. In 2012, he played in only 28 games due to injuries. He finished the season hitting .337/.450/.494 with two home runs. Bird started the 2013 season with the Tampa Yankees.
Jeremy Bleich.
Jeremy Bleich (born June 18, 1987) is a left-handed pitcher in the New York Yankees organization. Baseball America named him the Yankees' ninth best prospect for 2010.
Bleich who is Jewish ( a member of Shir Chadash Conservative Congregation), attended Isidore Newman School in New Orleans and then Stanford University. As a pitcher at Isidore Newman, he was profiled by author Michael Lewis in his short book "Coach: Lessons on the Game of Life", published in 2005. He was selected in the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft (44th overall) by the New York Yankees out of Stanford. Bleich said he patterns his game after Andy Pettitte. Bleich missed part of the 2010 season and all of the 2011 season following surgery on his labrum in his throwing shoulder. He is currently with the Yankees Class AA affiliate, the Trenton Thunder.
Dan Burawa.
Daniel James Burawa (born December 30, 1988 in Rocky Point, New York) is a professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees organization.
Burawa didn't receive any scholarship offers from a NCAA Division I schools, so he enrolled at Suffolk Community College. After his freshman year, he transferred to St. John's University. After redshirting his sophomore year, Burawa played for the St. John's Red Storm baseball team in the Big East Conference. He also played for the Madison Mallards in the Northwoods League.
The Yankees selected Burawa in the 12th round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft and signed him for a bonus of $300,000.
José Campos.
José Vicente Campos Carnota (born July 27, 1992) is a pitcher in the New York Yankees organization. He is cousin to former MLB pitcher Kelvim Escobar and Kansas City Royals shortstop Alcides Escobar.
Prior to the 2012 season, John Sickels of Minorleagueball.com considered him the Seattle Mariners' fifth best prospect for 2012. 
On January 13, 2012, Campos and Michael Pineda were traded to the New York Yankees for Jesús Montero and Héctor Noesí. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Cito Culver.
Christopher S. "Cito" Culver (born September 26, 1992 in Rochester, New York) is a baseball shortstop/pitcher. He was selected by the New York Yankees with their first-round pick, 32nd overall, in the 2010 MLB Draft. While he had already committed to play baseball for the University of Maryland, he has passed on his commitment and instead signed a contract reportedly worth $954,000 with the Yankees. Culver stands 6 feet tall and weighs 172 lbs. He is a switch-hitter who can also play in the outfield. Culver is just the second high school shortstop drafted by the Yankees (also C. J. Henry in 2005) in the first round since the club selected Derek Jeter with the sixth overall pick in the 1992 First-Year Player Draft.
Culver attended Irondequoit High School in Irondequoit, New York, a suburb of Rochester. He played little league for Irondequoit Athletic Association.
Rafael De Paula.
José Rafael De Paula Figueroa (born March 24, 1991) is a pitcher in the New York Yankees organization. He is considered as one of the best pitching prospects in the Yankees farm system. He currently pitches for the single-A Charleston RiverDogs.
In May 2009, De Paula was suspended a year after lying about his age. On November 19, 2010 he signed with the New York Yankees. Pitching for the Dominican Summer League Yankees 1 in 2012, he went 8-2 with a 1.46 earned run average and 85 strikeouts. In July 2013, he participated in the 2013 Futures All-Star game in Citi Field. De Paula tossed a scoreless fifth for the World Team in a 4-2 loss, allowing one hit and hitting a batter but registering a strikeout.
Prior to the 2013 season, "Baseball America" ranked him as the Yankees 10th best prospect.
Ramón Flores.
Ramón Flores (born March 26, 1992) is an outfielder in the New York Yankees organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Shane Greene.
Shane Greene (born November 17, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees organization.
Greene had a scholarship to attend the University of West Florida, but lost it when he had to undergo Tommy John surgery. He enrolled at Daytona Beach Community College and played for their baseball team. The New York Yankees selected Greene in the 15th round of the 2009 MLB Draft. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Angelo Gumbs.
Angelo M. Gumbs (born October 13, 1992) is an American professional baseball second baseman in the New York Yankees organization. He currently plays for the High-A Tampa Yankees.
Gumbs was drafted by the Yankees in the second round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Torrance High School in Torrance, California. He was a shortstop and outfielder in high school but the Yankees converted him to second base.
Gumbs played the 2012 season with the Charleston RiverDogs. Prior to the 2013 season, "Baseball America" ranked him as the Yankees seventh best prospect. He started the 2013 season with the Tampa Yankees.
Ty Hensley.
Michael Tyler Hensley (born July 30, 1993) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees organization.
Hensley attended Edmond Santa Fe High School, and committed to attend Ole Miss. The Yankees selected him in the first round of the 2012 MLB Draft for $1.2 million.
Hensley was a quarterback in addition to a baseball player in high school. He dropped football as a senior. He compiled a 1.52 ERA in innings with 111 strikeouts and was named Gatorade Player of the Year for his state.
Hensley's pitch repertoire consists of a fastball that sits at 92–94 mph (topping out at 98), a good curveball in the upper 70s to low 80s, and a developing low-80s changeup.
Gosuke Katoh.
Gosuke John Katoh (born October 8, 1994) is an American professional baseball second baseman in the New York Yankees organization. 
Katoh was born in Poway, California but moved to Japan shortly after his birth. He moved back to the United States when he was six. He attended Rancho Bernardo High School in San Diego, California. He was drafted by the New York Yankees in the second round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft. Although he committed to UCLA, he signed with the Yankees on June 19, 2013.
Katoh made his professional debut for the Gulf Coast Yankees in 2013. He finished the season playing in 50 games, hitting .310/.402/.522 with six home runs in 184 at-bats.
Prior to the 2014 season, Katoh was ranked by Baseball America as the Yankees 10th best prospect.
Bryan Mitchell.
Bryan Bedford Mitchell (born April 19, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees organization.
Mitchell attended Rockingham County High School in Reidsville, North Carolina. The Yankees selected him in the 16th round of the 2009 MLB Draft.
In 2012, Mitchell played for the Charleston RiverDogs of the Class A South Atlantic League, and was named an All-Star. In 2013, he pitched for the Tampa Yankees of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League and the Trenton Thunder of the Class AA Eastern League. He was added to the Yankees 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Ronnier Mustelier.
Ronnier Mustelier (born August 8, 1984) is a Cuban professional baseball player in the New York Yankees organization.
Mustelier played for Santiago de Cuba in the Cuban National Series until defected from Cuba in 2009. With an injury to Curtis Granderson in spring training in 2013, Mustelier competed for a position with the Yankees.
José Pirela.
José Manuel Pirela (born November 21, 1989) is an American professional baseball infielder in the New York Yankees organization. 
Pirela made his professional debut with the Yankees in 2007 for the Dominican Summer League Yankees 1. He reached Triple-A for the first time in 2013. He played for the Aguilas del Zulia of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League in 2013.
Francisco Rondón.
Francisco Rondón (born April 19, 1988) is a pitcher in the New York Yankees organization. He was added to the team's 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Rondón was designated for assignment by the Yankees on May 25, 2013.
Chase Whitley.
Chase Coleman Whitley (born June 14, 1989) is a professional baseball pitcher in the New York Yankees minor league system.
Whitley attended Southern Union State Community College and Troy University. The Yankees drafted Whitley in the 15th round, 475th overall, of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft.
Whitley married Brooklyn Elise Herren in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19408838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408838" title="Ania Dykczak">
Ania Dykczak

Ania Dykczak, also known as Anna Piwowarska (born 1977) is a historian and television presenter, living in London, United Kingdom and Warsaw, Poland. She speaks and writes in Polish and English.
Career.
Ania went to Cambridge University, getting a degree in English literature. During her time at university she met and worked with Fran Beauman. Together, they helped form the "Crazy Horse Theatre Company", which won several awards including "The Guardian" International Student Drama Award.
She and Beauman went into television, writing and presenting programmes for both adults and children, such as the Five series "Heroes of History' and CBBC's 'Bring It On'.
Ania currently lives in Warsaw where she works as a writer and producer in radio, film and television.

</doc>
<doc id="19408859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408859" title="Reunion in Rhythm">
Reunion in Rhythm

Reunion in Rhythm is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 150th "Our Gang" short (151st episode and 62nd talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
A followup to the musical-revue short "Our Gang Follies of 1936", the one-reel "Reunion in Rhythm" was apparently filmed under the title "Our Gang Follies of 1937". Its release title reflected the fact that, in addition to such current Gang members as Spanky, Alfalfa, Darla, Buckwheat, and Porky, the film also features return appearances by former "Our Gang" stalwarts Mickey Daniels, Mary Kornman, Joe Cobb and Mathew "Stymie" Beard.
The occasion is a class reunion at Adams Street Grammar School, where the students stage a show for the entertainment of the alumni. A running gag has Buckwheat attempting to recite "Little Jack Horner" (unannounced), as Spanky tries to keep him offstage. Musical highlights include "Baby Face", performed by Darla and Porky; and "Broadway Rhythm", performed by Spanky and the ensemble; and a medley of "Going Hollywood" (from Bing Crosby's 1933 musical of the same name) and "I'm Through With Love", sung by Alfalfa and Georgia Jean LaRue.

</doc>
<doc id="19408864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408864" title="Indo-Aryan loanwords in Tamil">
Indo-Aryan loanwords in Tamil

The Tamil language has absorbed a large number of Indo-Aryan, Prakrit, Pali and Sanskrit, loanwords ever since the early 1st millennium CE, when the Sangam period Chola kingdoms became influenced by spread of Jainism, Buddhism and early Brahmanism.
Many of these loans are obscured by adaptions to Tamil phonology.
This is an illustrative list of Tamil words of Indo-Aryan origin, classified based on type of borrowing. The words are transliterated according to IAST system. All words have been referenced with the Madras University Tamil Lexicon, which is used as the most authoritative and standard lexicon by mainstream scholars. In the examples below, the second word is from Tamil, and its original Indo-Aryan source is placed to the left.

</doc>
<doc id="19408876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408876" title="Josef Bochníček">
Josef Bochníček

Josef Bochníček (January 15, 1896 – July 8, 1969) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Prague.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19408882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408882" title="Square Tower">
Square Tower

The Square Tower is situated in Portsmouth, England
The tower was built in 1494 as part fortifications and as a home to the governor of Portsmouth. In 1584 it was converted to a gunpowder store, the governor moving residence next to the Garrison Church. At the time of the royalist surrender of Portsmouth at the end of the Siege of Portsmouth during the English Civil War 1200 barrels of gunpowder were stored in the tower. The royalists were able to use the threat of detonating the store as a bargaining chip during the negotiations leading up to the surrender. In 1779 it was converted to a Royal Navy meat store until 1850, when this function was moved to Gosport. The tower was manned during World Wars and was purchased by Portsmouth City Council in 1958-1960.
The Square Tower is now used for hosting functions such as weddings, christenings and funerals. It also hosts regular tea rooms and markets. 

</doc>
<doc id="19408892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408892" title="Ladislav Bubeníček">
Ladislav Bubeníček

Ladislav Bubeníček (November 7, 1891 – February 21, 1968) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vimperk and died in Prague.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19408906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408906" title="Killing Heidi discography">
Killing Heidi discography

The discography of Australian band Killing Heidi.

</doc>
<doc id="19408912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408912" title="Sunday Life (TV series)">
Sunday Life (TV series)

Sunday Life was a British magazine/discussion television programme broadcast on Sundays on BBC One beginning 20 April 2008. It was presented by Louise Minchin and Colin Jackson. The show, which replaced the "Heaven and Earth Show" was intended to focus on "inspiring stories and thought-provoking discussion", with the slogan "Real stories. Real people. Real life." The show was partly intended to fill the public service remit of the BBC's broadcasting licence, as well as its Sunday morning religious quota. It was dropped from the schedule after one series and its slot in the schedule replaced by The Big Questions.

</doc>
<doc id="19408917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408917" title="Granny Peace Brigade">
Granny Peace Brigade

The Granny Peace Brigade is an active anti-war demonstration group in New York City made up of senior citizens. The GPB frequently collaborates with Code Pink, The Raging Grannies and Peace Action and is one of many local activist groups seeking a peaceful world.
While having been arrested October 17, 2005 and later acquitted for attempting to enlist to the military at the recruitment center in Times Square, the women are now working on initiatives such as preventing military recruiters from entering public schools to recruit, and opposition to militarization on a global scale. They are also politically active by social networking for phone-a-thons, which are the coordination of voices for social change and war opposition to elected officials.
History.
The Grannies were initially formed when a group of women, members of seven groups below, approached military recruiters and asked to be sent to Iraq in order to save grandchildren who had been sent over. The Granny Peace Brigade name was adopted to form a group for identification purposes and to continue working together as a group. 
Groups that formed the GPB include:
CodePink http://www.codepink4peace.org/
Grandmothers Against the War http://www.grandmothersagainstthewar.org
Gray Panthers http://www.graypanthers.org/
Peace Action of New York State (PANYS) http://www.panys.org/
The Raging Grannies http://raginggrannies.org/
The Ribbon International http://www.theribboninternational.org/
West Side Peace Action http://www.panys.org/WSPA/
Women's International League for Peace and Freedom http://www.wilpf.org/

</doc>
<doc id="19408947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408947" title="Dean Hoge">
Dean Hoge

Dean R. Hoge (May 27, 1937 – September 13, 2008) was an American sociologist, who spent decades studying American Catholics, especially empirical surveys on the priesthood.
Hoge spend his childhood at New Knoxville, Ohio and later graduated from the Ohio State University School of Architecture (B.S., summa cum laude, 1960). After studies in 1961 at the University of Bonn, Germany he received his bachelors degree from Harvard Divinity School in 1964 and a master's degree in 1967 and a doctorate in 1970, both in religion from Harvard University.
He served as an instructor and assistant professor at Princeton Theological Seminary, "Department of Christianity and Society" in New Jersey before joining Catholic University's faculty in 1974. He served as director of the university's Life Cycle Institute from 1999 to 2004.
In his 34-year career, he wrote 25 books about religious life in America. His research primarily focused on Catholicism. His first major work was "Understanding Church Growth and Decline 1950-1978", co-edited with David Roozen. In 1987 he published "The Future of Catholic Leadership: Responses to the Priest Shortage", and in 2001 he co-authored "Young Adult Catholics: Religion in the Culture of Choice". He co-authored "American Catholics: Gender, Generation, and Commitment" (2001), authored "The First Five Years of the Priesthood" (2002), and co-authored "Evolving Visions of the Priesthood" (2003) and "International Priests in America" (2006). 
Two major Protestant research studies resulted in co-authored books, "Vanishing Boundaries: The Religion of Mainline Protestant Baby Boomers" (1994) and "Pastors in Transition: Why Clergy Leave Local Church Ministry" (2005). A cross-denominational study, including Catholics, looked into factors in church giving and led to the book "Money Matters: Personal Giving in American Churches" (1996).
In 1979/80 he served as president of the Religious Research Association and in October 2007 until his death he served as president of the Society for the Scientific Study of Religion (SSSR).

</doc>
<doc id="19408950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408950" title="Gilbert House (Worthington, Ohio)">
Gilbert House (Worthington, Ohio)

The Gilbert House is a small historic residence in the city of Worthington, Ohio, United States. Constructed in the 1820s, it has been named a historic site.
Ezra Gilbert and his wife were among Worthington's earlier settlers, and they lived in the community into their old age. Events on their sixtieth anniversary in 1888 prompted Mrs. Gilbert to help fund a rectory for the nearby St. John's Episcopal Church. In the 1840s, they moved into the present house, which had been built in the 1820s; originally located elsewhere, it was relocated to the present site. Its new location made it a neighbor of St. John's Episcopal Church, as well as of the Worthington School, constructed in 1874 immediately to the west; Kilbourne Middle School now occupies the site. It later become home to the families of Travis Scott and James Ventresca.
The Gilberts' house is a small building without a specific architectural style. Covered with shingles, the walls rise to an asphalt roof and sit on a stone foundation. The front of the house rises to a shallow gable, while to the rear, the roof becomes less steep before pivoting 90° and becoming perpendicular to the roof of the rest of the house. The overall design creates an appearance resembling a saltbox, although modifications have been made since construction.
In April 1980, the Gilbert House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its historically significant architecture, for the building is a little-modified example of worker housing from the early nineteenth century. It was one of approximately twenty Worthington locations added to the National Register together as part of a multiple property submission. The house also lies within the boundaries of the Register-listed Worthington Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="19408960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408960" title="Shadow trevally">
Shadow trevally

The shadow trevally, "Carangoides dinema" (also known as the shadow kingfish, twothread trevally and Aldabra trevally) is a species of inshore marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is patchily distributed throughout the tropical and subtropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans, from South Africa in the west to Japan and Samoa in the east, reaching as far south as Indonesia and New Caledonia. It is most easily distinguished from similar species by as series of dark rectangular blotches under the second dorsal fin, giving a 'shadowed' appearance, from which its common name is derived. The shadow trevally is a reasonably large fish, growing to 85 cm in length and at least 2.6 kg in weight. It inhabits shallow coastal waters including reefs, bays and estuaries, where it takes small fish and benthic crustaceans as prey. Nothing is known of the species ecology and reproductive biology. It is of little importance to fisheries, and is occasionally taken by bottom trawls and other artisanal fishing gear.
Taxonomy and naming.
The shadow trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", one of a number of groups of fish referred to as jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" is further classified in the family Carangidae, itself part of the suborder Percoidei and the order Perciformes; the perch-like fishes.
The species was first scientifically described and named by the Dutch ichthyologist Pieter Bleeker in 1851 based on a specimen collected from the waters off Jakarta, located on Java in Indonesia, which was designated to be the holotype. He named this new species "Carangoides dinema", with the specific name derived from the Latin "dis", meaning two and the Greek "nema", meaning thread, referring to the fin anatomy of the species. This classification in "Carangoides" is still currently considered to be correct, although other authors have at times transferred the species to "Caranx" and "Carangichthys". The species was independently renamed once by David Starr Jordan and Alvin Seale in 1908, who applied the name "Caranx deani" to the species. This later naming is considered invalid under the ICZN nomenclature rules and is rendered a junior synonym. The species is quite unique in the comparatively simple taxonomic history it has, with other related species often renamed and transferred between genera many times. The species is most commonly termed the 'shadow trevally' or 'shadow kingfish' in reference to a series of small dark blotches positioned on the upper side, underneath the second dorsal fin, giving the appearance of shadow from the fin itself. Other names used for the species include 'twothread trevally' and 'Aldabra trevally'.
Description.
In life, the shadow trevally is a blush green colour above, fading to a silvery white on the underside. It takes its common name from a series of small black-brown rectangular blotches which become larger posteriorly on its back between the bases of the second dorsal fin rays. There is also a dark brown diffuse blotch present on the operculum. The spinous dorsal fin is pale to dusky, while the second dorsal fin lobe is dusky with the ray tips yellowish. The anal fin has a distal margin which is whitish blue, the caudal fin has a yellowish upper lobe and pale trailing edges and lower lobe tip. The pectoral fins are hyaline and the pelvic fins are whitish to dusky.
Distribution and habitat.
The shadow trevally is distributed patchily throughout the tropical to subtropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans. The species westernmost limit is a section of the east African coast from South Africa to Tanzania. No records exist for the species further north until India and Sri Lanka. In the Pacific, the species is known from China, Korea, South East Asia and the Indonesian and Philippines island chains. Its eastern most limit extends to Taiwan and Japan in the north and a number of small island groups including Tonga and Samoa in the south.
The shadow trevally inhabits coastal waters in depths generally less than 15 m. It is known to cruise in small schools along the shallow edge of steep reef drop-offs, and has also been recorded from bays and estuaries. The species has been recorded around shipwrecks, and one study showed it was one of the first fish to move in after a ship was scuttled.
Biology and fishery.
The biology and ecology of the shadow trevally is extremely poorly known. It is known to live either in small schools or individually, and is a predatory fish, taking small fish and benthic crustaceans. Nothing is known of its movements or reproduction.
The shadow trevally is of little importance to fisheries throughout its range, taken as bycatch and generally not distinguished from other carangid species. It is often taken by bottom trawls and various kinds of artisanal fishing gear. 

</doc>
<doc id="19408973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408973" title="College (Preston ward)">
College (Preston ward)

College is an electoral ward and one of the districts of Preston. College is based in the Fulwood area in northern Preston, Lancashire, England. The ward is based in the Sharoe Green area with the name being derived from the central placement of Preston College.
The ward was split between the parliamentary constituencies of Ribble Valley and Preston. Following boundary changes in 2010, College became part of the new Wyre and Preston North constituency.
Two members of Preston City Council, elected 'in thirds' in first past the post elections each year, are returned from the ward.
The ward forms part of the Lancashire County Council electoral division of Preston Central North.
Demographics.
From the 2001 census, College had a population of 3,517 of which nearly 79% classed themselves as Christian.
Geography.
College ward is an ‘L’ shaped ward in the northern suburban fringes of the city of Preston. It has the B6242 Watling Street Road in its southern base bordering Moor Park. This is the traditional border between the former separate Preston and Fulwood districts. The A6 Garstang Road is its western border, whilst to the east and north are suburban and private housing.

</doc>
<doc id="19408979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408979" title="Josef Čada">
Josef Čada

Josef Čada (March 30, 1881 – December 1, 1959) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Bohemia in the 1908 Summer Olympics and for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Prague.
In 1908 he finished 25th in the individual all-around competition.
Twelve years later he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19408984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19408984" title="Neocardiogenesis">
Neocardiogenesis

In cardiology neocardiogenesis is the homeostatic regeneration, repair and renewal of sections of malfunctioning adult cardiovascular tissue. This includes a combination of cardiomyogenesis (the regeneration of cardiac muscle) and angiogenesis (the regeneration of blood vessels).
Definition and Scope.
The term neocardiogenesis comes from cardiogenesis, which refers to the development of the heart in the embryo; neocardiogenesis, in turn, means the development of the heart in adults. The heart has mechanisms already in place that are responsible for small scale repair. However, these repair mechanisms are not sufficient for large scale repair, made necessary by events such as myocardial infarctions. Neocardiogenesis replaces dead cardiac muscle cells with living cells so that both the structure and function of the heart are maintained. This improves myocardial pumping of fluid around the body.
Background.
The human heart has been thought of as a postmitotic organ. Cardiomyocytes (muscle cells of the heart) were thought to be terminally differentiated cells that were irreplaceable and thus required to maintain cardiac function throughout life. However it is now known that the heart is able to regenerate new small vessels needed to repair an ischemic (lacking blood) myocardium. The belief that humans are born with a fixed number of cardiomyocytes, and that the growth of these cells was directly responsible for the growth of the heart, has also been disproven. Reports of the heart's ability to repair itself have started to appear in peer reviewed journals and a paper has been published that has shown the potential of bone marrow cells to regenerate myocardium (myogenesis). Other studies into the regeneration of myocardium have reported evidence of angiogenesis, although such studies have been found to contain discrepancies.
It has been reported that improvement in heart contractility has occurred as a result of the induction of angiogenesis. The results of these studies suggest that there is a possibility that, during neocardiogenesis, angiogenesis and myogenesis are interlinked and operate simultaneously in the process of cardiac regeneration. The possibility of such a linkage necessitates more research. There is also the need for a clearer definition of neocardiogenesis.
Mechanism.
The activation of cardiac progenitor cells (a special type of stem cell with long telomeres located in the storage areas of the heart) and circulating stem cells induce cardiomyocytes to proliferate. These cells are activated by a mixture of transcriptional factors, genes, growth factors, receptors, the extracellular matrix and signalling pathways. The cells then move to affected areas where they can reverse some of the damage by generating a new population of cardiomyocytes.
Clinical Importance.
The heart has the potential to repair itself when damaged using progenitor and stem cells. Clinical trials have shown that heart muscle has not previously been able to regenerate itself. New non invasive drugs, which may make this possible in humans, are required to induce the cardiac myocytes to proliferate. Studies have been done in an attempt to find such a treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="19409002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409002" title="No Apologies (The Eyeliners album)">
No Apologies (The Eyeliners album)

No Apologies is an album by The Eyeliners, released on 5 April 2005 by Blackheart Records. It includes a covers of When in Rome's 1988 song "The Promise" and Eddie and the Hot Rods' 1977 song "Do Anything You Wanna Do".

</doc>
<doc id="19409017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409017" title="Ertuğ">
Ertuğ

Ertuğ is a Turkish male given name and surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409033" title="Lot No. 249">
Lot No. 249

"Lot No. 249" (published in 1892) is a short story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The story tells of an Oxford college student who, through the use of Egyptian magic, reanimates an ancient Egyptian mummy (called "Lot 249" for its number in an auction sale), which he then sends to attack all the people against whom he holds a grudge. Written in the wake of the late-19th-century fascination with Egyptology, "Lot No. 249" was the first story to depict a reanimated mummy as a sinister, predatory figure and had a profound influence on the horror movie genre throughout the 20th century.
Synopsis.
Abercrombie Smith, a medical student at Old College, Oxford, is called to the rooms of his neighbour and fellow student Edward Bellingham. Bellingham, a fanatical Egyptology student, has fainted from a severe shock. As Smith uses his medical skills to revive Bellingham, Bellingham's friend William Monkhouse Lee (to whose sister Bellingham is engaged) explains that Bellingham has a curious obsession with an Egyptian mummy that he purchased from an auction sale. Bellingham keeps the mummy in his room. 
Over the next few weeks Smith is frequently disturbed by the sound of mumbling and muttering from Bellingham's room. The building's caretaker, Thomas Styles, confides in Smith that he has heard something walking around Bellingham's room while Bellingham is out. Shortly afterwards, a student called Long Norton, against whom Bellingham bears a long-standing grudge, is violently attacked by a mysterious and seemingly inhuman figure. Suspecting Bellingham is connected with the assault, Smith vows to avoid his neighbour entirely.
Not long afterwards, Monkhouse Lee issues a warning to Smith against Bellingham. He explains that he has called off his sister's engagement to Bellingham, after Bellingham confided in him a terrible secret of which he has sworn to keep silent. Later, when passing Bellingham's room, Smith witnesses the mummy seemingly vanish and inexplicably reappear in its sarcophagus. 
After discovering that Lee has been attacked in a similar manner to Norton, Smith concludes that Bellingham has brought the mummy to life and is sending it to attack the people whom he dislikes. Smith confronts Bellingham angrily about the attack on Lee, but Bellingham denies any involvement. The following evening, Smith is pursued by the mummy while strolling along a dark country path. Fleeing in terror, he narrowly escapes the creature. He realizes that his own life is now in danger and he must take action to stop Bellingham's evil. 
The next day Smith enters Bellingham's room and forces him at gunpoint to burn the mummy and all items associated with its animation. Once everything has been destroyed, Smith vows to return if Bellingham attempts any such activity again. Bellingham quits the university immediately and flees to the Sudan.
Adaptations.
The first segment of the 1990 anthology film "" is based on "Lot No. 249." The story had previously been adapted for television in 1967 by the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="19409035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409035" title="History of Friedrich II of Prussia">
History of Friedrich II of Prussia

History of Friedrich II of Prussia, Called Frederick the Great was a biography of Friedrich II of Prussia written by Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle. It was first published in 1858.
Contents.
The work is made up of 21 books and an appendix.
External links.
Project Gutenberg: Contents; Volumes I II III IV V VI VII VIII IX X XI XII XIII XIV XV XVI XVII XVIII XIX XX XXI; Appendix

</doc>
<doc id="19409038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409038" title="2005 Northern Iowa Panthers football team">
2005 Northern Iowa Panthers football team

The 2005 Northern Iowa Panthers football team represented the University of Northern Iowa in the college football season of 2005 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The previous year's team finished first (of nine) in the Gateway Football Conference. The team was coached by fifth year head coach Mark Farley and played their home games in the UNI-Dome.

</doc>
<doc id="19409051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409051" title="Stanislav lndruch">
Stanislav lndruch

Stanislav lndruch (October 6, 1899 – February 2, 1974) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team competition.
Four years later at the 1924 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events:
He was one of two competitors which did not participate in all events giving Czechoslovakia no result in the team contest (the other was Josef Kos).

</doc>
<doc id="19409058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409058" title="Andreas Thiel (bishop)">
Andreas Thiel (bishop)

Andreas Thiel (28 September 1826 – 17 July 1908) was a Bishop of Ermland () in East Prussia from 1885–1908.
Thiel was born in Lokau (Tłokowo, Gmina Jeziorany, Olsztyn County) in the district of Rößel (Reszel). After attending the local school of Lokau, Thiel visited the gymnasium in Rößel and Braunsberg (Braniewo), where he started to study Catholic divinity at the Collegium Hosianum. Thiel was ordained in 1849 and gained his doctorate in 1853. In 1855 he habilitated as a Professor of canon law and ecclesiastical history. Thiel was one of the founders of the "Historischer Verein für Ermland" (historical association for Ermland) and published several treatises about the regional history.
In 1870 he became capitular of the Frauenburg (Frombork) Cathedral and in 1871 vicar general of the Ermland. In 1885 Thiel received the episcopal consecration. He died in Frauenburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="19409060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409060" title="Arboretum Sainte-Anastasie">
Arboretum Sainte-Anastasie

The Arboretum Sainte-Anastasie is an arboretum located on the grounds of the "École primaire publique de Sainte-Anastasie" at 333, avenue du Général De Gaulle, Sainte-Anastasie, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. The arboretum was planted from 1993–1996, and contains about 120 labeled specimens of local trees including cherry, cedar, oak, and pine. It is open daily without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19409071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409071" title="Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II">
Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II

The Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II (PK II) is a four-wheeled, lightly armoured vehicle, developed by Textron Marine and Land Systems. The Peacekeeper II is designed primarily for the use of law enforcement agencies in urban environments and is an improvement of the Peacekeeper law enforcement vehicle. The vehicle can carry eight personnel including the driver, and has a thick armour that can provide protection against 7.62mm armour piercing ammunition. It is developed at a unit cost of approximately US$ 170,000. 
Armour.
The Peacekeeper II is equipped with thick armour rather than the armour available in most vehicles of its class. During tests, the armour proved to be capable of withstanding impacts from twenty two different types of ammunition, the highest caliber ammunition out of these being 7.62 mm armour piercing round.
The windows are made of ballistic glass, and the Peacekeeper II is equipped with run flat inserts on its tires.
Capabilities.
The Peacekeeper II can carry a maximum of 8 personnel. This consists of the driver, one passenger in the front seat and six passengers in the cabin at the rear.
The vehicle is powered by a V8 gas engine. Optionally, this can be replaced with a diesel engine. It is equipped with 4 wheel drive, an Allison automatic transmission, and power steering. It can reach a maximum speed of 70 mph (112.5 km/h)
Apart from law enforcement, the vehicle is intended for use in counter terrorism operations, SWAT operations, convoy protection, and base security.
Features.
In addition to the high level of protection, the vehicle also provides a high degree of comfort. It is equipped with air conditioning and heaters, and the interior is fully insulated. Bucket seats are provided for the driver and front passenger, while bench seats are provided for the rear cabin. 
Large windows made of ballistic glass and eight view vision blocks in the rear cabin are provided for visibility. Eight pistol ports are located below each of the vision blocks. 
Foldable running boards with handrails are included on each side of the vehicle and at the back, offering mobile tactical advantage and protection to the crew. 
Armament.
The addition of weapons is supported by a rotating cupola. The cupola is optional, and removable, and mounted atop the roof. This is rotatable 180 degrees, and allows the addition of a Squad automatic weapon (SAW), or M240 machine gun. or MK19 Mod3 40mm automatic grenade launcher. The pistol ports also allow the accommodation of various weapons, and have the capability to disperse crowd control devices such as smoke grenades, with minimum risk to the crew.

</doc>
<doc id="19409075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409075" title="Josef Malý">
Josef Malý

Josef Malý (March 25, 1894 – March 23, 1943) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague and died in Berlin.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.
External links.
He was born in Prague and died in Berlin.
2.
Josef Malý (Sept 23, 1872 – Jun 24, 1961) from Antonienhütte (German)/Oberschlesien southern Polish city Ruda Śląska, 20 km nordwest von Katowice, he was Upholsterer or decorator, married Rosalia Doužan from Celje-Slovenia,
died in Tribuče near Črnomelj, Slovenia

</doc>
<doc id="19409081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409081" title="Paris Hilton's My New BFF">
Paris Hilton's My New BFF

"Paris Hilton's My New BFF", also known simply as My New BFF and other alternate titles, is a competitive reality television show in which Paris Hilton searches for her new BFF ("best friend forever"). Following the success of the original US version, another US season and two international spin-offs followed. All versions were produced by Ish Entertainment (a subsidiary of Lionsgate Television) and in association with the original network on which they aired.
U.S. series.
First season.
The first season premiered on MTV in the United States on September 30, 2008. Sixteen women and two men competed in challenges in an attempt to become her new best friend. Four of the female contestants were eliminated, almost straight away, in the first episode and hence did not feature in promotional material (photo shoots, TV spots or even the opening credits) for the show at all.
Guest stars included Benji Madden, Kyle Richards, Richie Rich, Traver Rains, Kathy Hilton, Fergie, Simple Plan, Chris Applebaum, Perez Hilton, Dirt Nasty, Allison Melnick, Ryan Seacrest, Nicky Hilton, Keyshia Cole, Hanna Beth Merjos and Nick Swardson.
Though Hilton was forbidden from revealing the winner before the show had fully aired, she had on two separate occasions accidentally referred to the winner as "she" - first on the September 25, 2008 airing of the "Late Show with David Letterman", and again on the October 7, 2008 airing of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
On December 2, 2008, it was revealed in the finale that Brittany Flickinger had won the contest.
This season was also picked up for international distribution. International airing began in January 2009 on MTV Germany, in April 2009 on MTV Asia and MTV Latin America. ITV2, the network that aired the U.K. version, "Paris Hilton's British Best Friend" has also licensed the rights to air the U.S. version, titled "Paris Hilton's American Best Friend Forever" in listings guides (though not on screen) to avoid confusion with the British version, and this season will also air on 8TV in Malaysia. The series premiered in Australia in May 2010 on MTV Australia.
The DVD of this season was released in Australia on September 28, 2010. It is a 3-disc set, including every episode of Season 1 & three of the four specials aired on MTV.
Second season.
The second U.S season premiered on MTV on June 2, 2009. Thirteen women and three men competed in challenges in an attempt to become Paris's latest best friend "forever."
Hilton said that she did not stay friends with Season 1 winner Brittany Flickinger because "I loved her and I trusted her, but sometimes people get too caught up and they change."
Season 1 contestant Onch appeared as a co-host, dubbed the "Life Pet" by Hilton. Natalie Reid (a professional Paris Hilton-lookalike who also appeared with Hilton in "The Simple Life"), made a special guest appearance as Hilton's double in the premiere.
Other guest stars included Santino Rice, Kathy Hilton, Doug Reinhardt, Allison Melnick, Lil' Kim, Three Six Mafia, and Kathy Griffin.
This is the first and so far only format of the series to include straight men in the competition. The U.S. first season included two gay men and the U.K. series included one gay man. As David and Chris were added to the competition mid-way through, in episode four, they do not appear in promotional material for the season.
On August 4, 2009, it was revealed in the finale that the contestant Stephen Hampton had won the contest.
This season also aired on MTV in Australia, ITV2 in the UK, 8TV in Malaysia throughout 2010 and on MTV in The Netherlands throughout 2011.
U.K. series.
The British version of the show, "Paris Hilton's British Best Friend", premiered on January 29, 2009 on ITV2 in the UK. Hilton shot the majority of the series in London, with portions of the first and last episodes shot in the U.S. Twelve women and one man competed in challenges in an attempt to become Paris' British Best Friend.
Guest stars included Charlie Sheen, Martin Sheen, Rick Hilton, Kathy Hilton, Akin Konizi, Chris Leger, Scott Henshall, Boyd Hilton, Will Geddes, Mark Durden-Smith, Jade Jagger, Kate Michelson, Jackie Collins, Tamara Beckwith, Olivia Lee, Scott Mills, Vanessa Lloyd-Platt, Callum Best, Steve Shaw, Julian Bennett, Benji Madden, Allison Melnick, Nicky Hilton and Barron Hilton.
Scenes featuring Hilton partying with Katie Price as well as a performance at the "BBF" mansion by Good Charlotte are believed to have been shot, but did not make the final cut in any episodes.
The first episode featured cameos from American "BFF" contestants Brittany, Onch, Vanessa, Kiki, Sinsu and Lauren while showing Paris' going away party before departing for London. In the finale, Vanessa, Onch and Lauren are seen again when Paris introduces the British finalists to some of her American friends. They are also seen with Brittany at Barron Hilton's birthday party in the same episode.
Contestant Laura Meakin was added to the competition in episode two to replace Kat McKenzie, albeit temporarily, due to illness. For this reason, she does not appear in promotional material for the series. McKenzie later died, on July 3, 2009.
On March 19, 2009, it was revealed in the finale that Sam Hextall became Paris' British Best Friend.
Producers licensed the U.K. version for U.S. airing. "Paris Hilton's British Best Friend" premiered in the U.S. April 6, 2010 on the TV Guide Network It also aired on MuchMusic in Canada during 2009.
U.A.E. series.
Hilton also starred in another international version; "Paris Hilton's Dubai BFF" in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
This version follows Hilton as she puts a group of twenty three young women from all throughout the world, but currently living in Dubai, through a series of tests to see who would best complement her lifestyle. Hilton had also never been to Dubai before, so part of the show includes her initial reactions to her first trip to the United Arab Emirates. This is the first format of the series not to include any male contestants.
Production began mid-June, 2009, shot for seventeen days; the finale then concluded with a final shoot in Los Angeles. In late-December 2009, Hilton updated her Twitter saying she was recording voice-over and interview scenes for the series. In April, 2010, it was reported that Hilton had just her finished work on the series.
Legal issues delayed the airing of this version for over a year. While it was originally expected to air in Winter 2010, Lionsgate Television executives claim producers at Uniqon Emirates, LLC signed a written agreement, worth US$8 million, to co-produce and distribute "Paris Hilton's Dubai BFF" in the Middle East. Uniqon Emirates failed to pay more than $4.7 million to cover the production and distribution costs and Lionsgate filed a federal suit for breach of contract in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles on February 2, 2010.
No official outcome for the suit was announced, however the series failed to air on Dubai TV, the announced original network for this version. MTV, being the original stakeholders for the franchise, came to the seemingly doomed series' rescue. MTV assumed world-wide airing rights for "Dubai BFF" and the series began airing on various MTV networks throughout the world in early 2011. Producers initially stated they planned to also licence the U.A.E. version for U.S. airing, however the U.S. MTV is still yet to add "Dubai BFF" to their schedule.
On June 12, 2011, it was revealed in the finale that Reem Al Alnezi became Paris Hilton's Dubai BFF.
This is currently expected to be the last incarnation of the franchise.
Undeveloped continuations.
Producers originally indicated that they planned to build "My New BFF" into a global franchise, with Hilton searching for BFFs around the world.
Hilton expressed interest in doing further versions of the show in Canada, Australia, Germany and Russia.
During an interview in July 2009, Arika Sato, who was a contestant on the U.S. "My New BFF" second season, said she had been in touch with Hilton since shooting wrapped and had been made aware Hilton would be doing further versions of the series beyond the one that was currently shooting in Dubai.
While promoting the second season in Dallas, Hilton told fans she is definitely shooting a third U.S. season for MTV.
During an interview in July 2009, Season 2 runner-up Tiniecia Goldsmith told fans to expect a third U.S. season, saying the ratings for Season 2 had been much higher than Season 1.
On September 30, 2009, Hollyscoop.com reported Hilton is currently busy prepping to shoot the new season of "My New BFF".
On October 1, 2010, it was announced that Hilton will star in a new reality series, "The World According to Paris", on Oxygen in 2011. The new series will showcase her real life more closely and will not be a part of the "My New BFF" franchise.
Hilton has emphasized she no longer wishes to "play the dumb blonde character" she portrayed herself as in "My New BFF" and "The Simple Life", suggesting that the "My New BFF" franchise is finished for the foreseeable future.
Later, Hilton went on to clarify that it’s “probable” that her BFFs from each series will all be brought together, for a "showdown series" of sorts. While emphasising that other countries across the world have still asked her to film further versions, she's said “I’ve really enjoyed doing it, but I have enough BFFs”.
Hilton has since given the final word on the future of the franchise by stating; “ call almost every single day, from every country around the world, wanting me to do "BFF" shows. Italy, Germany, Russia, Japan; I've been offered to do it everywhere. But I feel like I've really grown up and the show is something that was really fun, but I'm 30 years old now and I feel like I've moved on from that show.”
Hilton added that she is still in touch with former winners from the series and contestants who didn't make it to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19409082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409082" title="Zdeněk Opočenský">
Zdeněk Opočenský

Zdeněk Opočenský (March 17, 1896 – August 11, 1975) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Prague.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409095" title="Pran Nath Thapar">
Pran Nath Thapar

General Pran Nath Thapar (Punjabi: ਪ੍ਰਾਨ ਨਾਥ ਥਾਪਰ) (May 23, 1906 – June 23, 1975) was the fifth Chief of Army Staff of the Indian army.
Personal life.
General Pran Nath Thapar was born into a prominent Punjabi family. He was the youngest son of Diwan Bahadur Kunj Behari Thapar of Lahore. The historian Romila Thapar is his niece and the conservationalist and tiger expert, Valmik Thapar is his great nephew. 
In March 1936, Thapar married Bimla Bashiram, the eldest daughter of Rai Bahadur Bashiram Sahgal and granddaughter of Rai Bahadur Ramsaran Das. Bimla Thapar was a sister of Gautam Sahgal, whose wife Nayantara Sahgal was a daughter of Vijayalakshmi Pandit and niece of Jawaharlal Nehru. General Thapar and Smt. Bimla Thapar had four children, of whom the youngest is the prominent journalist Karan Thapar.
Career.
After graduating from Government College, Lahore, he trained at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, passing out on 4 February 1926 as a second lieutenant. He passed out in the same batch as K.S. Thimayya, who also went on to become Chief of the Army Staff. On 18 April 1927, he was formally attached to the Indian Army, ranking as a second lieutenant. He was promoted to lieutenant on 4 May 1928. He did his regimental duties with the 1st Punjab Regiment for ten years and later attended the staff courses at Quetta and Minley Manor in England, and was promoted to captain on 4 February 1935. 
He served in Burma during the second World War in 1941 and later in the Middle East and Italy. Promoted to major on 4 February 1943, he was appointed as Assistant Military Secretary in 1945. He commanded the 1st Battalion of the 1st Punjab Regiment in Indonesia in 1946 and later went on to serve as the Commander of the 161 Indian Infantry Brigade in East Bengal. During the Partition of India, Thapar officiated as the Director of Military Operations and Intelligence. 
In November 1947, he was promoted to the rank of Major General. He served as the Chief of the General Staff for a few months and later as Military Secretary until August 1949. He was appointed Master General of Ordnance on August 1949. He commanded an Infantry Division for four years till 1954 and was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General in 1954 as Commander of a Corps. He was selected to attend the Imperial Defence College, London in 1955. After successful completion of the course, he was appointed General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Southern Command. He became General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Western Command in 1959. Thapar took over as Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army on 8 May 1961 and served until 19 November 1962. He was also Colonel of the Rajputana Rifles. He was head of Indian army during the Sino-Indian War, and resigned in disgrace from India's loss.
Later life.
After retirement, he was appointed as Indian Ambassador to Afghanistan from August 1964 to January 1969. He died on his farm, White Gates, in Chhattarpur, New Delhi on 23 June 1975 at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="19409102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409102" title="Ertuğ Ergin">
Ertuğ Ergin

Ertuğ Ergin, simply known as Ertuğ, is a Turkish alternative pop-rock singer/song-writer.

</doc>
<doc id="19409104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409104" title="Josef Pagáč">
Josef Pagáč

Josef Pagáč (December 5, 1894 – April 15, 1981) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Valašské Meziříčí. In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409108" title="Madhumitha (director)">
Madhumitha (director)

Madhumitha is a Tamil film director.

</doc>
<doc id="19409134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409134" title="Last Ninja 3">
Last Ninja 3

Last Ninja 3 is an action-adventure video game that was developed and published by System 3 for the Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST in 1991. It is a sequel to the 1988 game "Last Ninja 2".
Development and release.
System 3's Mark Cale felt that the game was "by no means the best entry in the series", blaming the breakup of the original "Last Ninja" series team. In 2005, he said: "When working with such talented people as John Twiddy and Hugh Riley, there was always a certain amount of magic and things just flowed. With some other developers, they were always trying to escape the nemesis of the past. I think the programmers on "Ninja 3" were always trying to outdo John Twiddy, rather than make a great game. It wasn’t as good as it should have been."
"Last Ninja 3" was re-released on the Virtual Console in Europe in 2010, but was discontinued due to a bug in the game that was unable to be fixed, which resulted in the game freezing after the first level.
Reception.
According to Mark Cale, about 3 million copies of the game were sold. The game was very well received by the press. The Amiga version reviews included the review scores of 81% from "Amiga Format", 80% "Amiga Power", 90% from "CU Amiga", and 90% from "The One". The C64 version was acclaimed even more, including the scores of 94% from "Computer + Video Games" and 93% from "Zzap!".

</doc>
<doc id="19409142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409142" title="Bay Terrace, New York">
Bay Terrace, New York

Bay Terrace, New York may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409145" title="Wessex Formation">
Wessex Formation

The Wessex Formation is a fossil-rich English geological formation that dates to the Barremian stage (about 130 million years ago) of the Early Cretaceous. It is part of the Wealden Group and underlies the younger Vectis Formation.
Fauna.
Invertebrates.
Invertebrates are commonly preserved in the Wessex Formation. Freshwater bivalves can be found including unionoids such as "Margaritifera", "Nippononaia", and "Unio". These bivalves are helpful in reconstructing what the freshwater paleoenvironment may have been like during the formation's deposition. Specimens of "Viviparus", a genus of freshwater snail, have also been found. "Cretamygale chasei", a species of Mygalomorph spider, has been described from a specimen found in amber. It is believed to be the oldest known Nemesiid and the second oldest Mygalomorph.
Dinosaurs.
Sauropods.
Indeterminate diplodicoid and rebbachisaurid remains are known from the formation.
Theropods.
Indeterminate velociraptorine remains have been recovered from the Wessex Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19409166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409166" title="Quiet Night In">
Quiet Night In

Quiet Night In is a 2005 New Zealand film written, produced and directed by Christopher Banks. It premiered at the Stratford-upon-Avon International Digital Film Festival in the United Kingdom.
Plot.
The plot concerns would-be novelist Jess Bartlett, who stages a quiet night in to finish her new book, but is frustrated in her attempts by the arrival of a troubled footballer, a manic TV advice show host, a randy old author and his teenage toy-boy.
Cast details.
Christopher Banks says he wrote the film specifically with actress and musician Nicolette Kenny in mind, after they had worked together on previous music projects, including a pair of Australasian hit singles.
Richard Lambeth had previously made appearances in the cult TV series "Atlantis High" and "Being Eve", Lucy Gay, Brian McKay and Christopher Banks starred in the gay film festival film "All About Reinalda", and Brian Moore appeared as Monat in the TV adaptation of the "Riverworld" novels.

</doc>
<doc id="19409170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409170" title="Mohamed Said Samatar">
Mohamed Said Samatar

Mohamed Said Samantar "Ga'lie - Gacaliye" is a Somali politician.
Career.
He was born in Wardheer, a town in the Somali Region of Ethiopia. While very young, he participated in the fight for his country's independence. In 1947 he joined the Somali Youth League, a movement opposing the British occupation. After attending normal school, he became an elementary teacher, then worked for BBC Somali and Radio Mogadishu and, in 1958, went to Rome, where he was placed in charge of RAI's Africa and Somali Service (Italian Radio Broadcasting and Television Company) broadcasts to Africa. While in Rome, he studied political science at the university of level.
In 1960, M.S. Samantar joined the Somali Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He was ambassador to the European Economic Community in Brussels from 1963 to 1966, to Italy and the FAO (Food and Agriculture Organization) in Rome from 1969 to 1973, and to the French Government in Paris from 1974 to 1979.
He was one of the main Somali architects and strategists for Djibouti's independence from France in 1977.
He was appointed minister of state at the presidency in Mogadishu in 1979 and placed in charge of relations with the Western powers in a particularly touchy regional and international context involving the commitment of the Soviet Union and Cuba on behalf of Ethiopia.
He was a neutral figure at the onset of the Somali civil war, but later on he contributed to the founding of the SNF group and was in very good term with many of the new Ethiopian leaders that took over after the demise of Mengistu'sn regime, particularly with the then President Meles Ato Zenawi.
He was among the very few decent Somali politicians, a voice of moderation and a lover and supporter of the arts and artists, before and during the Somali strife. He left behind many writings, poems and famous songs.
He died in 1995, in Paris, France, after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19409180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409180" title="List of songs recorded by Wolfmother">
List of songs recorded by Wolfmother

As of 30 March 2010, Australian hard rock band Wolfmother have released 32 original songs on two studio albums, three extended plays (EPs), one video album, ten singles and two external releases.
Wolfmother was formed in 2000 by vocalist and guitarist Andrew Stockdale, bassist and keyboardist Chris Ross and drummer Myles Heskett. The band signed with Modular Recordings and released the four-track extended play "Wolfmother" in 2004. The band released their debut album, also self-titled, in Australia in 2005; it featured 12 new recordings, including the four songs from the 2004 EP. In 2006 the band released a second EP, "Dimensions", which featured the new song "Love Train", subsequently released as the B-side to "White Unicorn" and included on the 2006 international edition of "Wolfmother". In May 2007 the band contributed a new song, "Pleased to Meet You", to the "Spider-Man 3" soundtrack.
Original members Ross and Heskett left the band in August 2008, after which a hiatus followed and new members Aidan Nemeth (guitar), Ian Peres (bass and keyboards) and Dave Atkins (drums) joined in 2009. The second lineup of the band first released "Back Round" as a free digital download in March, and later as a digital single in June. Wolfmother's second studio album, "Cosmic Egg", was released in October 2009, containing 12 songs and 16 on deluxe editions. During a break in the band's New Moon Rising World Tour in April 2010, Atkins left the band and was replaced by Will Rockwell-Scott, known for his work with The Mooney Suzuki.

</doc>
<doc id="19409182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409182" title="František Pecháček">
František Pecháček

František Pecháček (February 15, 1896 – February 3, 1944) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Záhornice near Městec Králové and was murdered in Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409184" title="Trinity Church (Elmira, New York)">
Trinity Church (Elmira, New York)

The parish of Trinity Church, Elmira, New York was founded in 1833. Trinity Church is a parish of the Chemung District of the Episcopal Diocese of Central New York, centered in Syracuse, New York. The present structure of Trinity Church is located at 304 North Main Street, Elmira, New York. Designed by architect Henry Dudley, the church was built from 1855 through 1858. It is significant for its Gothic Revival architecture. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The first recorded Episcopal service in Elmira was conducted by the Right Reverend Benjamin Treadwell Onderdonk, D.D., Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of New York on May 16, 1832. Services were again held in Elmira in 1833 conducted by James D. Carder early in the year and by Daniel E. Brown in May. James D. Carder's report given to the 1833 New York Diocesan Convention in New York City stated, "n Elmira, Tioga county, he performed divine service several times previous to the middle of July; and on the 12th of June organized a parish by the name of Trinity Church. He has for some tome looked to that place with much interest, and now contemplates with thanksgiving to God the sure foundation which he believes is there laid for the Church. On the last Lord's day, he had the satisfaction of administering the holy Communion for the first time in that parish. Thirteen communicated, and one was repelled." There were also reported to be three children baptized and one marriage in the parish that year. Trinity Church was incorporated as a parish on June 12, 1833 under the supervision of James D. Carder. The Rev. Thomas Clark is listed as the first rector.
Trinity's worship services began simply in a school house where Park Church stands today. As stated by Rev. Clark that Fall in his report to the 1833 Diocesan Convention, "I arrived in Elmira as Missionary to that place on the 20th of July last, and found a small but zealous company of Episcopalians, who received me with the most lively pleasure as their Missionary. Some of them had lived without the services of their Church for several years, not having heard an Episcopal minister at Elmira more than three or four times previously to my arrival. I have commence preaching in the District School Room, which I generally have nearly fill; and it is probable, if we had a church, there would many more attend." As parish membership grew, a need for larger quarters was evident. With comparatively little money, but the commitment of time, energy and building materials from the Church family, a new church edifice was completed in December 1836 at Church Street and Railroad Avenue. The church was consecrated on the morning of Sunday, August 27, 1837 by Rt. Rev. Benjamin Treadwell Onderdonk, D.D.
The present building at Church and Main Streets was designed by Henry Dudley of New York and built by Nichols and Washburn. The cornerstone for the present structure "...was laid with impressive ceremonies," by Right Rev. William Heathcote DeLancey on July 26, 1855. The first service was held in this structure on July 4, 1858 after it was completed. The church building was consecrated by The Right Reverend Arthur Cleveland Coxe, D.D., Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Western New York in services held on April 5, 1866, after the construction debt was discharged.
The Arnot Memorial Chapel was designed by architect Richard M. Upjohn, its cornerstone was laid in 1880. The chapel was consecrated on November 28, 1882 by Right Reverend Frederic Dan Huntington, Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Central New York. The Chapel was built with donations from Mariana Tuttle Arnot-Ogden as a memorial to her parents, John Arnot and Harriet Arnot, her sister, Aurelia Arnot, and her husband, William B. Ogden. The principal window over the chancel was designed to symbolically represented the four people whom the chapel memorialized. This window was designed and executed by stained glass craftsman Donald MacDonald of Boston, Massachusetts. The decoration of the interior of the Chapel was designed and executed by Cyrus L. W. Eidlitz of New York City. The chapel having been deconsecrated, the building now serves many other purposes for the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="19409189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409189" title="Kamil Białas">
Kamil Białas

Kamil Białas (born 21 August 1991 in Łazy) is a Polish figure skater. He is the 2010 Polish silver medalist and 2009 bronze medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="19409204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409204" title="Arboretum d'Arpajon-sur-Cère">
Arboretum d'Arpajon-sur-Cère

The Arboretum d'Arpajon-sur-Cère (7 hectares) is an arboretum located on the Route de Labrousse, Arpajon-sur-Cère, Cantal, Auvergne, France. The arboretum was established in 1993, and now contains a variety of trees from around the world, including ash trees, maples, oaks, pines, and willows, as well as fruit trees and a labyrinth. It is open daily without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19409212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409212" title="Old Brick Church (Iowa City, Iowa)">
Old Brick Church (Iowa City, Iowa)

Old Brick Church, once known as First Presbyterian or North Presbyterian, is a church in Iowa City, Iowa. One of the few surviving pre-Civil War structures in Iowa City, Old Brick was built in 1856 at the site of an older Presbyterian church that had burned. Its steeple was demolished in an 1877 wind storm, it was rebuilt with a crenellated belfry, giving it a distinctive appearance. Last used as a church in 1970, Old Brick was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as North Presbyterian Church. In 1974 the University of Iowa purchased the property and intended to demolish the church to make way for a parking lot, but public protest prevented the demolition. This public protest manifested in the formation of Friends of Old Brick, the organization that purchased the structure in 1977. Old Brick changed ownership again in 1987, when Old Brick Episcopal Lutheran Corporation (the current owner) purchased the building. Old Brick now thrives as a community center, hosting such diverse events as weddings, memorials, religious services, academic lectures, humanitarian fundraisers, and dance lessons. Old Brick also houses several non-profit offices.

</doc>
<doc id="19409248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409248" title="Chapuis">
Chapuis

Chapuis is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409254" title="Václav Stolař">
Václav Stolař

Václav Stolař (October 11, 1893 – March 29, 1969) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He died in Prague.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409257" title="Te Uku Wind Farm">
Te Uku Wind Farm

Te Uku Wind Farm is a wind farm at Te Uku near Raglan, New Zealand. It has a capacity of 64MW using 28 wind turbines. Construction was completed in March 2011, at a cost of $200 million. The farm covers an area of approximately . The wind farm is jointly owned by WEL Networks and Meridian Energy.
Resource consent was granted in May 2008 and appeals were resolved by November 2008. Construction of the wind farm began in 2010. Hick Bros Civil and Spartan Construction won an award for outstanding technical and environmental planning. The wind farm was officially opened by the Prime Minister in February 2011. Te Uku was fully operational on 10 March 2011.
Te Uku Windfarm is controlled from Twizel.Twizel control centre was set up for the Waitaki power scheme.
Construction.
Each 130.5 m. high, 318 tonne, turbine took 2 or 3 days to build using 4 cranes, the largest a 600 tonne KR Wind/NZ Crane Group Alliance crane. Towers were formed in 3 concrete sections (made in Korea), and topped by Siemens components (as at Makara) - a 3.5 m circumference, 81 tonne nacelle, hub and 3 turbine blades. Barge transport was considered, but rejected in favour of road transporters running from September 2010 to January 2011.
Pipiwharauroa Way.
One of the mitigation measures was this walking and cycling track. The track climbs from a car park on Kawhia Rd, near Bridal Veil, runs about 6 km and climbs 280m to the windfarm on Wharauroa Plateau. Over 2 km of less interesting walking can be saved if the walk is started from the gate at the end of the driveable part of Plateau Rd. From this point Lake Disappear can be seen to the south after wet weather. There is no marked end to the track. It just peters out into the partly formed paper road (see the dashed line on the 1:50,000 map just north of the Pakihi Stream). It follows an ancient Maori track which was often used by warriors on raids between Waikato and Kawhia.
The road access to the windfarm largely followed the paper road, which was started around 1900 (a local historian wrote that a store ledger started at Te Mata in 1896 includes at least 11 workers on the road) and seemingly abandoned a few years later, though Bob Vernon also wrote, "about 1919 the Public Works Department cut a six-foot track through solid bush, from the south-eastern end of the plateau it joins this paper road to the head of the Makomako valley".
In 2013 there was controversy between a local farmer and Waikato District Council about whether Pipiwharauroa Way could be closed for the lambing season.

</doc>
<doc id="19409265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409265" title="Svatopluk Svoboda">
Svatopluk Svoboda

Svatopluk Svoboda (December 5, 1886 – October 19, 1971) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague and died in Brno.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409267" title="Duclos">
Duclos

Duclos is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19409275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409275" title="Murray Hill, New York">
Murray Hill, New York

Murray Hill, New York may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409286" title="Poncet">
Poncet

Poncet may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19409291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409291" title="František Vaněček">
František Vaněček

František Vaněček (September 11, 1891 – February 14, 1945) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Prague.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409300" title="Václav Wirt">
Václav Wirt

Václav Wirt (September 9, 1893 – December 16, 1962) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Prague.
In 1920 he was a member of the Czechoslovak gymnastic team which finished fourth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19409309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409309" title="Upper Wellington Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Wellington Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Wellington Street is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts at the "Jolley Cut", a mountain-access road to the north, beside Sam Lawrence Park and extends southward past Rymal Road where it ends at the Mount Hamilton Cemetery. It is a two-way street throughout. As with most of the "Upper" streets, their addresses start at roughly the point where their lower counterpart finishes just below the Escarpment and were originally labelled without the "Upper" prefix.
History.
Named Upper Wellington Street because it is in alignment with Wellington Street in the Lower City Hamilton. Originally Wellington Street was called "Lovers' Lane".
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Upper Wellington Street.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Upper Wellington Street.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19409320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409320" title="2008 China Open – Women's Doubles">
2008 China Open – Women's Doubles

Chuang Chia-jung and Hsieh Su-wei were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Anabel Medina Garrigues and Caroline Wozniacki won in the final 6–1, 6–3, against Han Xinyun and Xu Yi-fan.

</doc>
<doc id="19409321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409321" title="Ehsan Ilahi Zahir">
Ehsan Ilahi Zahir

Ehsaan Elahi Zaheer (Urdu: احسان الہی ظہیر) was a religious scholar and leader of the Ahle Hadith Islamic movement. He was born on 31 May 1945 in Sialkot, Pakistan and died from an assassin's bomb blast on 30 March 1987.
Early life and education.
Zaheer was born on 31 May 1945 (corresponding to 18 Jumaada al-Oolaa 1364 AH) on a Thursday. He studied in Jaamia Islaamiyyah Gujranwala and Jaamia Salafiyyah Faisalabad. He then started teaching and giving weekly khutbahs up until he left for Saudi Arabia. He studied at the prestigious Islamic University of Madinah and graduated from the department of Sharia. He returned to his country and pursued further education and received degree classifications of M.A.s in Arabic, Islamic Studies, Urdu and Persian.
Religious works.
Zahir also wrote on the Christian, Jews and the Hindus, as well as on the Deobandi Hanafis,
although he did write a brief refutation of them before he died. During his final year in Medina University
Imam Abdul Aziz Ibn Baaz asked him to deliver lectures on the Ahmadiyya, this is a very rare achievement. Then
the book was printed from Medina but the Zahir wished to include in the book "Graduate of Medina University",
before he actually graduated. So he asked Imam Ibn Baaz, who was the chancellor at the time and he agreed to it. So
Zahir asked Imam Ibn Baaz, "What if I fail my degree?" Imam Ibn Baaz answered, "I will close the
University."
Published works.
He authored many famous works, amongst which are:
Death.
Zahir died on 30 March 1987, shortly after returning to Riyaadh, as a result of a bomb blast on the 23rd of March 1987 in Lahore whilst he was delivering a speech on the life of Mohammed. Imam Abdul Azeez Ibn Baaz led his funeral prayer in Riyaadh, and the secondary prayer in the Prophet's Mosque in Medina was attended by 30 million people. He is now buried in the graveyard of Baqi Al-Gharqad in Medina.

</doc>
<doc id="19409330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409330" title="Wrestling at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Wrestling at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Wrestling Competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Huércal de Almería Sports Hall" in Almería, Spain from June 26 to July 1, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19409345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409345" title="Preludes (poem)">
Preludes (poem)

"Preludes" is a poem by T. S. Eliot, composed between 1910 and 1911. It is in turns literal and impressionistic, exploring the sordid and solitary existences of the spiritually moiled as they play out against the backdrop of the drab modern city. In essence, it is four poems rather than one, and it is duly labelled as such. Composed over the course of four years in France and the United States, it comes to just 54 lines. Its four parts are uneven, irregular and written in free verse symptomatic of the speaker's stream of consciousness. Part I is thirteen lines, part II ten, part III fifteen and part IV sixteen.
The somewhat abstracted and fragmented description of "Preludes" appears frequently in Eliot's poetry, and although it can be hard to discern the purpose of each individual image, they add up to a whole greater than the sum of its parts. 
The images in the first stanza of "Preludes" set the context for the rest of the poem: "grimy scraps / Of withered leaves" (6-7), "newspapers from vacant lots" (8), "broken blinds and chimney-pots" (10) are the dingy, littered, concrete objects of the city. 
In the second stanza, "The morning comes to consciousness / Of faint stale smells of beer" (14-15), hungover, and the narrator "thinks of all the hands / That are raising dingy shades / In a thousand furnished rooms" (21-23). These last three lines underscore a sense of anonymity (and insignificance) in numbers, dirty vulgarity, and impermanence. 
The third stanza introduces the first actual character of the poem in the second person, implicating the reader in the grimy, low urbanity. The soul of this "you" is constituted of a "thousand sordid images" (27) and the soles of "your" feet are yellowed and "your" hands are soiled (37-38), either by physical labor, the dirt and grime of the city, or both. The use of the second person here closes the distance between the poem and the reader, but the degrading, accusatory manner in which it does so perhaps alienates the reader as well. The only redemption in the scene described is found in sunlight and birdsong, which are both jarringly undercut: "light crept up between the shutters, / And you heard the sparrows in the gutters" (31-32). The light is not liberating and illuminating, it creeps and is obstructed. The birdsong comes not from a traditional songbird, but from sparrows—the mice of the bird world—in the gutters of the street. 
The poem has been read as a condemnation of modernity, and specifically of urban life. "People are but the equivalent to the ugliness within the scope of their vision" (Smith 6).

</doc>
<doc id="19409363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409363" title="1971 ABC Championship">
1971 ABC Championship

The 1971 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Tokyo, Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19409385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409385" title="Leblond">
Leblond

Leblond or Le Blond is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409400" title="François Claessens">
François Claessens

François Claessens (2 October 1897, Berchem - 29 September 1971, Antwerpen) was a Belgian gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the Belgian gymnastic team which won the silver medal in the team, European system event.
Also after the games he was active in sports. In 1922 he competed in the "athletic Concours International de l´UIOCEP" in Brno (tsechoslovakia).

</doc>
<doc id="19409412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409412" title="Archery at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Archery at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Archery Competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Emilio Campra Youth Stadium" in Almería, Spain from June 28 to June 30, 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="19409420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409420" title="Arboretum Jean Aubouin">
Arboretum Jean Aubouin

The Arboretum Jean Aubouin (10 hectares) is an arboretum located in the Mothe-Clédou forest near Combiers, Charente, Poitou-Charentes, France. The arboretum was established in 1932 by botanist Jean Aubouin. It contains deciduous trees and conifers including "Cedrus deodara", "Sequoia sempervirens", etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19409424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409424" title="Leleu">
Leleu

Leleu is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409455" title="Tokyo-Mitsubishi Information Technology">
Tokyo-Mitsubishi Information Technology

Tokyo-Mitsubishi Information Technology, Ltd (TMIT) merged with two other companies to become Mitsubishi UFJ Information Technology, Ltd on 1 July 2009. TMIT was established in April 2000 and was a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19409468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409468" title="Sydney Deane">
Sydney Deane

Sydney Leslie Deane (1 March 1863 – 20 March 1934) was a first-class cricketer and entertainer, and the first Australian to appear in a Hollywood movie.
Born in Balmain, Sydney, to Edward and Sophia, Deane was a promising junior Rugby Union player and represented New South Wales against Queensland. Along with his cousins, Australian Test captain Billy Murdoch and Norman Deane, who played first-class cricket for New South Wales, Deane also excelled in cricket, and made his first-class debut for New South Wales, against Victoria, at the Association Ground, Sydney on 25 January 1890. A wicket-keeper, Deane held six catches, at that time an Australian first-class record and caught the attention of the selectors for the Australian squad for the upcoming Ashes tour of Britain. In the next match, against South Australia, Deane also performed well, and starred in a non-first-class match against a Queensland XV.
On 19 February 1890, Deane was selected in the Australian cricket squad. However, the Victorian members of the squad protested against Deane's inclusion, arguing that it was favouritism towards New South Wales. Victorian wicket keeper Jack Blackham, a key member of the Australian side, went as far as to threaten to boycott the tour if Deane was selected ahead of fellow Victorian Jack Harry. Eventually a compromise wicket keeper, Tasmanian Kenneth Burn was selected, although Burn had never kept wicket in his life.
Following the Test selection drama, Deane moved to Melbourne after accepting an offer to appear with J.C. Williamson's theatrical troupe. Deane "possessed a magnificant tenor voice" and quickly became a leading performer around Australia and New Zealand, appearing in Gilbert and Sullivan operattas such as The Gondoliers. Deane also moved into theatre production management, co-founding and managing the Elite Vaudeville Company, which ran a number of productions starring Deane, including a farce based on "Trilby" entitled "Trill-B!", in which Deane played the character of Sven-Garlic.
He also continued to play cricket, and although unable to break into the Victorian side, due to the presence of Blackham, Deane represented East Melbourne against an English touring side in 1892.
Deane left Australia for the United States of America in the late 1890s, where he soon became a leading Vaudeville entertainer, appearing on Broadway musicals, including the original cast of "Florodora", which ran for 553 performances, "The Woggle-Bug", (based on "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz"), "The Knickerbocker Girl" and "My Lady Molly".
Impressed by his acting ability, Deane was recruited by Jesse Lasky to join the Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company, which relocated to Hollywood to produce films. Deane made his film debut in 1914 in the original version of Brewster's Millions, which was Cecil B. DeMille's second film. Deane appeared in a number of DeMille's early films before signing a contract with Universal Pictures, where he appeared in movies alongside Lon Chaney Sr..
While acting, Deane continued to play cricket, firstly in New York for the "New York Veterans" and later in California, where he played into his late fifties.
Deane's final film appearance was in the 1924 film "America", directed by D.W. Griffith, after which he retired to New York, where he died, aged 71. Unusually for an actor and cricketer of his significance, neither "Variety" or "Wisden" ran his obituary.

</doc>
<doc id="19409469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409469" title="Forestier">
Forestier

Forestier is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409498" title="Eagles Building">
Eagles Building

Eagles Building, Eagles Hall, or Eagles Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409500" title="Blondeau">
Blondeau

Blondeau is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19409525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409525" title="Drouet">
Drouet

Drouet is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409529" title="Mother Russia (Renaissance song)">
Mother Russia (Renaissance song)

"Mother Russia" is the closing song on Renaissance's 1974 album "Turn of the Cards". It also appears on the 1976 live album "Live at Carnegie Hall", the compilation "Tales of 1001 Nights, Vol. 1", and several other Renaissance concert albums.
The song is a tribute to Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, who had been forced by the Communist regime to leave the Soviet Union earlier in 1974. Written as usual by poet Betty Thatcher, the lyrics are based on Solzhenitsyn's famous novel about Soviet repression, "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich". Because fans of the band were surprised at the move into topical songwriting, singer Annie Haslam has had often to point out to interviewers that "Mother Russia" really refers to Solzhenitsyn.
Musically, the full version of "Mother Russia" begines with a sparse, string-driven intro marked by occasional piano crescendos. Around two minutes into the song, Haslam's voice enters, and the next three minutes of the song contain six verses in three pairs describing Solzhenitsyn's plight, in between which are short interludes of strings and acoustic guitar.
The last five minutes of the full song consist of a three-minute instrumental interlude with the full band performing over wordless vocals by Haslam, followed by a repeat of the last two verses to finish.
Single.
A version of "Mother Russia" edited down to three minutes and seven seconds was released as a single in the United States only. Although its parent album peaked at #94 on Billboard, the single did not go anywhere near the Billboard Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19409533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409533" title="Hajime">
Hajime

Possible writings.
Hajime can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19409543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409543" title="Mounier">
Mounier

Mounier is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409575" title="Ledoux">
Ledoux

Ledoux or LeDoux is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409576" title="Sentier botanique de Soyaux">
Sentier botanique de Soyaux

The Sentier botanique de Soyaux (200 metres long) is an arboretum and botanical path located on the Chemin de la Mothe, rue du Bourg, Soyaux, Charente, Poitou-Charentes, France. It was created in 2000 along the remains of a rural road, and planted with 42 species of regional trees and shrubs (32 deciduous, 10 evergreen). The path is open daily without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19409578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409578" title="Bernard Diamond (VC)">
Bernard Diamond (VC)

Bernard Diamond VC (January 1827 – 25 January 1892) in Portglenone, County Antrim, Ireland was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Details.
He was approximately 30 years old, and a sergeant in the Bengal Horse Artillery, Bengal Army during the Indian Mutiny when the following deed took place on 28 September 1857 at Bolandshahr, India for which he and Gunner Richard Fitzgerald was awarded the Victoria Cross:
Further information.
He died in Masterton, New Zealand on 26 January 1892 after emigrating.
The medal.
His Victoria Cross is displayed at the QEII Army Memorial Museum in Waiouru, New Zealand.
References.
Listed in order of publication year 

</doc>
<doc id="19409586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409586" title="Verso (disambiguation)">
Verso (disambiguation)

Verso is the left-hand page of a folded sheet or bound item, such as a book, broadsheet, or pamphlet.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409597" title="Brault">
Brault

Brault is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19409609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409609" title="Canoeing at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Canoeing at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Canoeing Competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Cuevas del Almanzora Canal" in Almería, Spain from June 25 to July 1, 2005. There were just flatwater events.

</doc>
<doc id="19409628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409628" title="1969 ABC Championship">
1969 ABC Championship

The 1969 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Bangkok, Thailand. Ten Asian teams participated in the competition but Laos played under special invitation and the games didn't count in the championship standings.

</doc>
<doc id="19409648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409648" title="The History of Sir Francis Drake">
The History of Sir Francis Drake

The History of Sir Francis Drake was a hybrid theatrical entertainment, a masque or "operatic tableau" with an English libretto written by Sir William Davenant and music by Matthew Locke. The masque was most likely first performed in 1659 and produced by Davenant. As with his earlier "The Siege of Rhodes" (1656) and "The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru" (1658), Davenant cast "The History of Sir Francis Drake" as a musical drama to avoid the Puritan prohibition of stage plays during the English Commonwealth era. The three Davenant works were important in the evolution of English opera and musical theatre, and heralded the coming revival of drama with the Restoration of 1660.
History and propaganda.
Like "The Cruelty", Davenant's "Drake" was not only tolerated but even encouraged by Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell, for its value as anti-Spanish propaganda. (The English had been at war with Spain since 1655.) Davenant exploited Drake as an English national hero and a symbol of an expansionist foreign policy. He drew his narrative materials from Philip Nichols's "Sir Francis Drake Revived" (1626; reprinted 1652). 
Davenant's text deals with Drake's adventures on the northeastern coast of South America during his expedition of 1572. At one point, Davenant shows Drake allying himself with the "Symerons" or Cimaroons, escaped slaves of Surinam who had formed their own independent society. (Though Davenant's "Drake" has been classified as "pseudo-history," this part of the story is based on fact — though Davenant displaces the Cimaroons to Peru.) As in "The Cruelty", the English in "Drake" are presented as a humane alternative to the brutal and rapacious Spanish.
Music.
Only one piece of music from the score of "Drake" has survived — a "Symeron" dance composed by Matthew Locke. Locke was one of the composers who worked on "The Siege of Rhodes", and perhaps on "The Cruelty" too. 

</doc>
<doc id="19409650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409650" title="Tellier">
Tellier

Tellier is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409654" title="Enhanced Avionics System">
Enhanced Avionics System

Enhanced Avionics System (or EASy) is an Integrated Modular Avionics suite and Cockpit display system used on Dassault Falcon business jets since Falcon 900EX, and later used in other newer Falcon aircraft such as Falcon 2000EX and Falcon 7X.
EASy has been jointly developed by Dassault and Honeywell, and is based on Honeywell Primus Epic.
History.
Dassault Aviation started to develop the EASy flight deck concept in the mid-1990s with a goal to have a much better integration of aircraft systems such as FMS.
EASy was first integrated and certificated on Falcon 900EX. The first EASy equipped 900EX was delivered in December 2003. Honeywell Primus Epic base of EASy was then integrated on other business jets and helicopters.
EASy was certified on the Falcon 2000EX in June 2004 with deliveries starting shortly after. Falcon 7X was developed from the ground-up with EASy avionics.
On October 2008, Dassault announced the launch of EASy phase II program at the annual NBAA meeting in Orlando. EASy phase II include several enhancements to EASy, such as:
Architecture.
EASy architecture is based on Integrated Modular Avionics. The processing modules are called "MAU" (Modular Avionics Units). The core Operating System of EASy is provided by DDCI.

</doc>
<doc id="19409665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409665" title="Gibert">
Gibert

Gibert is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409671" title="Billy Hancock">
Billy Hancock

William C. Hancock Jr. (known as Billy Hancock) (born November 4, 1946) is a singer, guitarist, bassist and multi-instrumental recording artist. He has made numerous recordings, primarily in the rockabilly genre but also has a large body of recorded work in rock 'n' roll, blues, jazz, rhythm & blues, and country music. He performs live primarily in the Washington, D.C., area, but also plays regularly at European roots music festivals.
Early life.
Hancock was born in Washington, D.C. and raised in Alexandria, Virginia, where he has lived most of his life. He attended George Washington High School in Alexandria, graduating in 1964. He came from a musical family. His maternal grandmother Katie sang with Minstrel shows in black face accompanying herself on piano and harmonica. Two of his aunts Eileen and Anita were a singing duo in the 1940's who sang at two or three Washington DC radios stations on a regular basis. His paternal grandfather Mitchell (Mitch) Hancock played mandolin from about 1897 until 1902. He often played on River Boats in New Orleans and recorded for the Edison Label. Billy's father worked for the Southern Railway and his mother worked for Waxie Maxie's, a local record store chain, and other record stores. The records his mother brought home from work, primarily rhythm and blues from the late 1940s, played a large and influential role in his musical development.
Career.
Hancock began his career playing in bands around Washington, D.C., while still a teenager. After graduating from high school, he played with bands in Rhode Island and New York before returning to the Washington area. In 1968, he moved to Baltimore to attend the Peabody Conservatory, and continued to play in bands in the Baltimore area. 
In the early 70's, Hancock began a collaboration with Washington D.C. guitar wizard Danny Gatton and they formed Danny and the Fat Boys with Hancock (bass, vocals), Gatton (guitars), and Dave Elliott (drums, vocals). In 1975, the group released a critically acclaimed album, "American Music" on a label owned by Hancock and his brother. The album's title was taken from a rhythm and blues song Hancock had written. It was later re-issued on CD.
In 1978, Hancock recorded four rockabilly songs under the name Billy Hancock and the Tennessee Rockets for Ripsaw Records, a small independent label. He continued to record rockabilly for Ripsaw under that name for two years. Ripsaw released four singles during that time and licensed those and other titles to larger labels both in the U.S. and France. It is these rockabilly recordings for which Hancock is known internationally. 
In 1983, Hancock recorded another rockabilly record, "Hey! Little Rock And Roller" that was released in France on the Big Beat Label. Later that year, he returned to Ripsaw to record various rock and roll songs, six of which Ripsaw released in 1985. All of the Ripsaw material was later released on CDs.
Throughout his career, Hancock has played in backing bands for prominent musicians, including Fats Domino, Gene Vincent, blues guitarist Roy Buchanan, rockabilly Charlie Feathers, the Clovers, Amos Milburn, and country stars Dottie West and Jean Shepard. He co-produced and played guitar on Tex Rubinowitz's rockabilly classic "Hot Rod Man."
In 2002, Hancock and his brother Television Director, Dale Hancock founded TURKEY MOUNTAIN RECORDS TM (an Indie record label. The label was formed to find and promote talented artists of all genres who, for whatever reasons, have been ignored by other record labels.
Their TURKEY MOUNTAIN RECORDS TM Archival Series is now busy re-releasing material on artists of the past whose works have been unavailable until now. TURKEY MOUNTAIN RECORDS TM roster of artists includes: Danny Gatton, The British Walkers (featuring Roy Buchanan), Bobbie (The kid) Howard with Link Wray and The Ray Men, Rockabilly King Charlie Feathers, The Fallen Angels and Billy Hancock himself.
In 2005, the Washington Area Music Association WAMA awarded Hancock a Special Recognition Award for his 40-plus years as a vocalist, musician, songwriter, producer, promoter, and label owner. In 2006, WAMA presented him two "Wammie" awards for 2005 Roots Rock Vocalist and Roots Rock Recording. In 2012, WAMA presented Hancock as one of "The Fallen Angels" a special recognition award.
In 2010, Hancock was inducted into the Southern Legends Hall of Fame. He is already a member of 3 other International Halls of Fame. Hancock continues to play in his usual diverse and various styles, having released on his own label: jazz, blues, rock, and rockabilly albums and even a country album.
Hancock is also television Host for "American Music" in Arlington, Virginia, where he interviews and showcases songwriters. Mr. Hancock is a renowned music historian.
He is also a member of the resurrected art rock group from the sixties, The Fallen Angels.
As of late, Hancock has returned to one of his old loves (writer, story teller) and will soon introduce a new CD of brand new works entitled "Street Corner Poetry". A single "What's In The Box?", will be released prior to the release of the album.
On November 4, 2012 Hancock was inducted into The Northern Virginia Blues Society, Blues Hall of Fame in Manassas, VA. 
Hancock now splits his time between Nashville, TN and the Washington, DC area. He continues to tour and make records internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="19409676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409676" title="Gordon Collins">
Gordon Collins

Gordon Thomas Collins (26 December 1914 – 3 March 1986) was an English cricketer. Collins was a right-handed batsman who played occasionally as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex.
Collins made his first-class cricket debut for Northamptonshire against Worcestershire in 1937. He represented the county in 2 further first-class matches in 1937, against Derbyshire and Essex. In his 3 first-class matches, he scored 44 runs at a batting average of 8.80, with a high score of 17.
In 1947, he joined Cambridgeshire, where he represented the county in the Minor Counties Championship, making his debut for the county against Norfolk. From 1947 to 1949, he represented the county in 9 matches, with his final appearance coming against Lincolnshire.
Collins died at Manchester on 3 March 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19409677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409677" title="Abram Lufer">
Abram Lufer

Abram Lufer (born in Kiev, August 25, 1905 - died in Kiev, July 13, 1948) was an Ukrainian pianist. 
The Head of the Lysenko Musical Institute's piano department since 1929, Lufer won the Kharkiv'30 All-Ukrainian Piano Competition and was appointed the National Philharmonic Society of Ukraine's soloist. Two years later he was awarded a 4th prize at the II Fryderyk Chopin competition - having tied with Bolesław Kon, he lost at the coin flipping. His disciple Tatyana Goldfarb was awarded a 9th prize at the competition's next edition.
He was appointed a professor at the Kiev Conservatory in 1935. In the post-war he served as the institution's director and resumed his role at the Kiev Philharmonic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19409682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409682" title="Lucy Collins">
Lucy Collins

Lucy Collins is a character in "Brookside" portrayed by Katrin Cartlidge and later Maggie Saunders. The character appeared in the programme from the first episode in November 1982 until June 1990 when Doreen Sloane's death brought about the Collins family being written out in 1990.
Collins family.
The Collins family moved into Brookside Close during the first episode, having bought Number 8. From the start, there was conflict between the middle-class Collins family and the working-class Grants; in fact, the conflict between the families provided much of the early storylines. Upon arrival at Number 8, they found house had been vandalised by Damon Grant and his friends, and somebody had stolen the toilet. An indignant Paul confronted Bobby Grant, accusing Damon of being the toilet thief. Damon admitted to the vandalism, but denied stealing the toilet.
Unlike the Grant family, who had come from a run-down council estate to live on Brookside Close, the Collins family had previously lived in a large, comfortable house on The Wirral, but were forced to downsize to something much smaller after Paul was made redundant. In the early days of Brookside, Paul was unemployed and storylines centred around the family's struggle to cope with their new humbler surroundings and financial hardship, along with Paul's discomfort at having to sign-on alongside people he once looked down on. Lucy resented her father for their reduced circumstances, especially after she was forced to swap her public school for the local comprehensive, where her posh accent and privileged background saw her become the victim of bullying. Eventually Paul found another job, and the family's financial situation improved for a while. However, in 1986 he was again made redundant. This time he decided to take early retirement rather than face the humiliation of having to sign-on again.
Character.
Early episodes.
Early on Lucy was portrayed as a sullen character who resented her father for losing his job. She was close friends with brother Gordon, although she resented the fact that her father allowed him to stay on at public school as it was considered more important for a boy to have a good education. Lucy found herself bullier at her new comprehensive school and ended up attacking her tormentors with a hockey stick.
Lucy Collins contrasted with her counterpart in the Grant household Karen. Unlike Karen, Lucy was straight-laced and conventional. Lucy was one of several politicised characters on the programme, being anti-American pro-Soviet, and anti-nuclear.
Later episodes.
Lucy soon sheded her meek and sullen attitude and started rebelling much to the dismay of her parents. In 1983 she becomes involved with the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, she then leaves for France. After returning she starts an affair with a married man and later with Barry Grant.
Departure.
Lucy Collins was written out of the programme in 1990 after Doreen Sloane (Annabelle Collins) died of cancer. In 1990 the Dixon family were introduced and later moved into the Collins house.

</doc>
<doc id="19409683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409683" title="Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Hispanus">
Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Hispanus

Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Hispanus of the Scipiones branch of the "gens" Cornelia, was a Roman politician.
Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Hispanus was the son of Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Hispallus. He was Decemvir Stlitibus Iudicandis and military tribune before 150 BC, and became quaestor around that date. He then became aedile, probably in 141 BC. He was a praetor in 139 BC. As praetor, he expelled the astrologers (Chaldaeans and Jews) from the city of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19409685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409685" title="Doncaster Pride">
Doncaster Pride

Doncaster Pride is South Yorkshire's biggest Gay Pride event and is now one of the fastest growing Prides events within the UK. The first event was put together in just 3 months in 2007 and attracted 1500+ people; the following year drew a crowd of 5000+. The Patron of Doncaster Pride is Andrew O'Malley.
Doncaster Pride is held in Doncaster’s market place and is funded by local businesses, award foundations, various charitable organizations and donations from the public. The event includes a variety of activities for all ages, such as live entertainment from local bands. Doncaster Pride 2008 started with a parade from the Mansion House and finishing in the market area in which the committee were joined by Mayor Martin Winter, Local Counsellor Andrea Milner and Tim Innes for South Yorkshire Police.

</doc>
<doc id="19409692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409692" title="Congress of Vienna (disambiguation)">
Congress of Vienna (disambiguation)

Congress of Vienna can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19409699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409699" title="Paul Collins (Brookside)">
Paul Collins (Brookside)

Paul Collins was a character in Brookside played by Jim Wiggins between 1982 and 1990.
Collins family.
The Collins family moved into Brookside Close during the first episode, having bought Number 8. From the start, there was conflict between the middle-class Collins family and the working-class Grants; in fact, the conflict between the families provided much of the early storylines. Upon arrival at Number 8, they found house had been vandalised by Damon Grant and his friends, and somebody had stolen the toilet. An indignant Paul confronted Bobby Grant, accusing Damon of being the toilet thief. Damon admitted to the vandalism, but denied stealing the toilet.
Unlike the Grant family, who had come from a run-down council estate to live on Brookside Close, the Collins family had previously lived in a large, comfortable house on The Wirral, but were forced to downsize to something much smaller after Paul was made redundant. In the early days of Brookside, Paul was unemployed and storylines centred around the family's struggle to cope with their new humbler surroundings and financial hardship, along with Paul's discomfort at having to sign on alongside people he once looked down on. Paul's daughter Lucy resented her father for their reduced circumstances, especially after she was forced to swap her public school for the local comprehensive, where her posh accent and privileged background saw her become the victim of bullying. Eventually Paul found another job, and the family's financial situation improved for a while. However, in 1986 he was again made redundant. This time he decided to take early retirement rather than face the humiliation of having to sign on again.
Character.
Paul was a conservative and deeply principled man. However, he was never the most tactful or sensitive of people, and frequently antagonised his neighbours with his high-handed and snobbish attitude towards them. Paul described himself as the 'boss of the Collins household', yet in reality he wife Annabelle and daughter Lucy usually got their way.
Having once served as a captain in the British army, he struggled to come to terms with his son Gordon's sexuality as well as his daughter Lucy's promiscuity. However, Paul could also be a kind and generous man; eventually forgiving wife Annabelle for her affair with fellow JP Brian Lawrence and putting up with her cantankerous and senile mother, Mona. Prior to losing his job in 1982 and again in 1986, Paul had worked as a production manager for a large petrochemical firm; however, by the time he was written out the character had retired. There was a 13-year age gap between Paul and Annabelle, with Wiggins being 60 when he took the role.
Paul was often optimistic that the family would be back in their former lavish circumstances soon, often using phrases like 'this time last year we'll be back in the Wirral'.
Departure.
Following Doreen Sloane's death from cancer, the entire Collins family were written out of Brookside in the summer of 1990, moving to the Lake District to help look after Annabelle's increasingly frail mother and her new husband. At the time of their departure, the Collins were one of the few original families left in the soap, and the only household to have survived since the programme started. By the 1990s the dynamic of Brookside was changing and the show was gradually moving away from the 'gritty realism' that had defined its early years through families such as the Grants and the Collinses.

</doc>
<doc id="19409705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409705" title="Mystus nigriceps">
Mystus nigriceps

Mystus nigriceps, the two-spot catfish, is a species of catfish of the family Bagridae. The species was available in aquarium circles without a scientific name until a connection was made to a description of "Mystus micracanthus" by the ichthyologist Bleeker, in 1846. The artist's impression at that time showed a catfish without any obvious markings, although another researcher in the early 1940s described it with two body spots. "M. micracanthus" is a junior synonym of "M. nigriceps".
In the wild it is found in Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand.
It grows to a length of 19.8 cm and feeds on zooplankton and insect larvae in the wild, and most prepared foods in aquariums. It is not safe to keep them with smaller fish in the aquarium as they will eat them.

</doc>
<doc id="19409706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409706" title="Lepage">
Lepage

Lepage or LePage or Le Page is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409709" title="Lindsey Corkhill">
Lindsey Corkhill

Lindsey Grant (née Corkhill (previously Stanlow and Phelan ) is a character in Channel 4 soap opera "Brookside". She was played by Claire Sweeney from 1991 to 2001 and then again in 2003. When Lindsey Corkhill first came into Brookside, her husband Gary was originally played by Daniel McNamara, but was uncredited. And appeared in several episodes in 1991. In 1992 McNamara was replaced by Andrew Fillis.
Character.
Lindsey Corkhill, like her brother Little Jimmy brought a lot of trouble and anguish to her dysfunctional parents Jimmy and Jackie. As the character develops she becomes involved in a circle of organised crime.
Drug smuggling.
In 1996 Lindsey had an affair with Mike Dixon. In revenge for this her husband Gary Stanlow plants drugs in daughter Kylie's teddy bear before the two head for Australia. The two are arrested en route in Bangkok. At the time Lindsey's father Jimmy and Mike's father Ron had been enemies after Jimmy had accidentally killed Ron's son Tony. The two however fought a campaign to free their respective children, first releasing Lindsey and later Mike.
Split with Mike.
Later in 1997, Mike Dixon decides to publish a book about his experience in Bangkok. In failing to credit Lindsey she decides to break with him.
Engagement to Peter and affair with Barry.
After her break with Mike, Lindsey becomes engaged to Peter Phelan. Soon after however she has an affair with Barry Grant. The two do however marry in spin-off "Brookside: Friday the 13th" but only after her and father Jimmy are pursued by two armed gangsters intent on killing Jimmy.
Harassment from Gary.
In 1998 Gary turns up again and demands a divorce settlement and access to daughter Kylie. Intent on getting these he harasses Lindsey until she threatens him with a gun. Gary backs down and the two divorce on Lindsey's terms, leaving her free to marry Peter.
Return and engagement to Barry Grant.
Lindsey Corkhill returned along with Barry Grant in 2003 for the final episode. Lindsey persuades her father to come and live with her in a house in the grounds of Barry's mansion in Blaydon, Tyne and Wear. Lindsey and Barry finally marry off screen.

</doc>
<doc id="19409725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409725" title="Mercur">
Mercur

Mercur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409733" title="List of film critics">
List of film critics

Film critics analyze and evaluate film.
They can be divided into journalistic critics who write for newspapers, and other popular, mass-media outlets and academic critics who are informed by film theory and publish in journals.

</doc>
<doc id="19409740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409740" title="Tournier">
Tournier

Definition.
Tourné, Tournier, Torner, Torné are names that refer to the trade of turning (Latin "tornator"), but could also be designated to the guardian of a tower, a jailer (old French "Tornier"). "Le Turnier" is a name that could be met in the Morbihan. Tournier seems to be a variant of the job of a turning.
Tournier is a surname, and may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19409744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409744" title="Agi Jambor">
Agi Jambor

Agi Jambor (1909 – 1997) was a Hungarian pianist.
Jambor was born in 1909 in Budapest, Hungary, the half-Jewish daughter of a wealthy businessman and a prominent piano teacher. A piano prodigy, she was playing Mozart before she could read and at age 12 made her debut with a symphony orchestra.
From 1926 to 1931, Jambor studied piano with Edwin Fischer from 1926 to 1931 at the Berlin University of the Arts. In the early 1930s, at the height of her popularity, she fled to Paris and into exile, preferring playing practice piano in a dance studio to performing on the concert stage.
In 1933, Miss Jambor married Imre Patai, a physicist and pianist. In 1937, she won 5th prize at the third International Frederick Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw. 
Trapped with her husband when the Nazis overran Holland, and unable to escape to the United States, she later returned to Hungary, which was still neutral. She had a baby, a son who died within two weeks. A picture of the infant would remain on her bedside table the rest of her life.
The Nazis invaded in 1944 and Miss Jambor participated in the Resistance, often dressed as a prostitute in seductive clothes and heavy makeup, calling herself Maryushka. She refused to return or perform in Germany again.
She and her husband came to the United States in 1947. Her husband died two years later, his health destroyed by the war.
After leaving Baltimore for Philadelphia in 1957, she began performing with the Philadelphia Orchestra, where she became a favorite soloist of Eugene Ormandy and was acclaimed by conductor Bruno Walter. She received rave reviews and made 12 recordings for Capitol Records.
She also became professor of classical piano at Bryn Mawr College, which named her professor emeritus in 1974.
She was married to actor Claude Rains from 1959 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19409753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409753" title="Harry Cross">
Harry Cross

Harry Cross may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409763" title="Lelong">
Lelong

Lelong is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409770" title="Almere Oostvaarders railway station">
Almere Oostvaarders railway station

Almere Oostvaarders is a railway station in Almere, in the Netherlands. It is located approximately 29 km east of Amsterdam and part of the Amsterdam - Almere - Lelystad main line. It is approximately 3 km north east of the Almere city centre. Almere Oostvaarders railway station opened on 12 December 2004. In 1988, when the Almere Buiten - Lelystad section was built, a four track viaduct was built and they planned to build a station called 'Almere Buiten Oost' which translates as Almere Buiten East.
Before the station was built the Stoptrain Amsterdam-Almere Oostvaarders terminated at Almere Buiten. The four tracks at Almere Oostvaarders were used by the driver walking through the train to start a service again at Almere Buiten.
The station is located in the newest polder in the Netherlands, the Flevopolder which is in the Flevoland province. Almere has become a commuter city for Amsterdam. The first house was built in 1976 and on 7 July 2008, it was recorded that there were 184 405 citizens living in Almere. The station lies in the centre of the 'Oostvaarders' development, on the edge of Almere-Buiten. It is situated near the Oostvaarders nature reserve, the Oostvaardersplassen. The station lies on a viaduct with 4 tracks and has 4 platforms, which are island platforms. 
When Almere Oostvaarders opened a new curve was built so trains could go from Almere to Hilversum and Utrecht without the necessary change of trains at Weesp. The curve is between the stations Almere Poort and Naarden-Bussum
Train services.
The following train services call at Almere Oostvaarders:

</doc>
<doc id="19409780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409780" title="Dujardin">
Dujardin

Dujardin is a French surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409786" title="2008–09 Al-Nassr season">
2008–09 Al-Nassr season

In this article, the results of Al Nassr Club of Saudi Arabia in 2008-2009 season is summarized
Team kit.
Al-Hilal qualified by Away goals rule.
Gulf Club Champions Cup.
Semi Final.
Al-Nasr Game against Al-Ahli was supposed to be the semi final. However, FIFA suspended the Kuwait Football Association and Kuwaiti National Teams and clubs were suspended from all international matches and activities because of the government interference in the affairs of the football federation. Therefore, the other semi final between Al Qadisiya and Al Salmiya (both from Kuwait) has been canceled and Al-Nasr and Al-Ahli match was considered as the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19409793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409793" title="Le Bihan">
Le Bihan

Le Bihan, or Bihan, is a surname, and may refer to:
"Bihan" means small in Breton.

</doc>
<doc id="19409794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409794" title="Vlad Mugur">
Vlad Mugur

Vlad Mugur (b. June 22, 1927, Bucharest, Romania; d. July 22, 2001, Munich, Germany) was a Romanian-born German theater director.
He graduated from the Bucharest Theater Institute (directing class) as valedictorian in 1949, but he had already started to direct plays two years earlier, in 1947.
In 1965 he became director of the National Theater in Cluj. He held this job until 1971, when he decided to emigrate to Italy, as he disagreed with the so-called July Theses- the attack on non-compliant intellectuals, initiated by the Romanian Communist Party Secretary General, Nicolae Ceauşescu. Later, he moved to Germany. 
In Romania he staged plays at the theaters in Bucharest, Cluj( Teatrul Naţional Lucian Blaga and Kolozsvári Állami Magyar Színház), Craiova, Târgu Mureş, Galaţi, among others.
In Germany he directed plays at theaters in Munich, Konstanz, Hanover, Esslingen, Münster, among others.
He staged plays by William Shakespeare, Carlo Goldoni, Luigi Pirandello, Konstantin Simonov, Anton Chekhov, Vsevolod Vishnevskiy, Peter Handke, Walter Jens, Alexei Arbuzov, Albert Camus, Radu Cosaşu, Alexandru Andrițoiu, etc.
He was married to Magda Stief, an actress.
The Vlad Mugur Prize- which is awarded by the Cluj-Napoca Hungarian Theatre is named after him.
Prizes.
The UNITER Prize for 1999.
The Theatrical Personality of the Year for 2000, by the Tofan Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19409797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409797" title="Dartington Morris Men">
Dartington Morris Men

Dartington Morris Men are based in Dartington, near Totnes, Devon, England. The side formed in 1968 at Dartington Hall and is a member side of the Morris Ring. They are a very active side and perform throughout the summer months, starting typically with a May Day dance at dawn and finishing around mid-September. The normal venues for dance are in and around the South Hams of Devon, brightening up the local life with fine performances, followed by great music and song. Dartington Morris is particularly well known for their active Young Morris side, with boys aged between 8 and 14 - a great example of keeping the Morris tradition alive.
In the early days the side practised in the 13th Century "Pillar Studio" at Dartington Hall. Whilst practising and contemplating a name for the side, Leonard Elmhirst, a founder of the Dartington Hall Trust, informed the men that he had once danced the Morris. He suggested that the side call themselves The Dartington Morris Men and use the Dartington crest of a white hart on a red rose, the crest of Richard II and his half-brother John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter and 1st Earl of Huntingdon (who was given the manor of Dartington for services rendered in battle.)
Two previous Dartington Morris sides are believed to have danced in the Totnes area; one at the end of the 19th century, the other in the 1930s. One of these sides apparently danced in bare feet.
The side kit is based on the colours red, white and gold, derived from the emblem. Male dancers perform to the music of male and sometimes female musicians, with the horse "Champernowne" and a Fool or two adding to the show. They perform mainly traditional Cotswold morris dances and also uniquely perform dances from the lost Filkins tradition, reconstructed by erudite member Christopher Farr.

</doc>
<doc id="19409809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409809" title="Karakattam">
Karakattam

Karakattam ( or ""karakam" ( 'water pot') dance") is an ancient folk dance of Tamil Nadu performed in praise of the rain goddess Mariamman. The performers balance the water pot on their head very beautifully. Traditionally, this dance is performed in two types - "Aatta Karakam" is danced with decorated pots on the head and symbolizes joy and happiness and is mainly danced for entertainment, while the "Sakthi Karakam" is performed only in temples as a spiritual offering.
Earlier it was performed only with the accompaniment of the "naiyandi melam", but now it also includes songs. In the Karakattam, intricate steps and body/arm movements decides the skill of performer. This dance can be performed individually or in pairs, by both the sexes. Some of the steps that are widely used are similar to the circus acts; dancing on a rolling block of wood, up and down a ladder, threading a needle while bending backwards and many more. Today, the pots have transformed from mud pots to bronze ware and even stainless steel. 
The pots are decorated in many ways with the help of attractive flower arrangements, topped by a moving paper parrot. The parrot rotates as the dancer takes swings along these looks beautiful. When men perform this dance, they balance the pots filled with uncooked rice, surrounded by a tall conical bamboo frame decorated with colourful flowers. Drums and long pipes form the musical instruments that add vigor to the dance. Also they dance standing over a plate i.e. rim of the plate, filled with water, without spilling water out of the plate while balancing the "karakam" on their head.
Most expert artistes are from the regions of Thanjavur, Pudukkottai, Ramanathapuram, Madurai, Tirunelveli, and Pattukkottai and Salem, Tamil Nadu. Karakattam is also very popular in countries with significant Tamil minorities such as Singapore, Malaysia and Sri Lanka.
In 1989, a Tamil movie, Karagattakaran, was made that featured as its central characters practitioners of karakattam. The movie went on to become very popular and an advertisement for the dance form, especially because of the music by Ilaiyaraja and, in particular, the song, "Maanguyilae Poonguyile."

</doc>
<doc id="19409835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409835" title="Augustinus Bludau">
Augustinus Bludau

Augustinus Bludau (6 March 1862 – 9 February 1930) was a Bishop of Ermland () in East Prussia from 1909–1930.
Bludau was born in Guttstadt (Dobre Miasto) as a son of a tailor. After attending the Gymnasium (school) in Elbing, he started to study Catholic divinity at the Collegium Hosianum in Braunsberg (Braniewo). Bludau was ordained in 1887 and worked as a vicar in Marienwerder. He perpetuated his studies in Münster and gained his doctorate in 1891. Afterwards he returned to Braunsberg as a vicar. In 1894 Bludau became apostolic prefect at the bishops seminary and after the death of Andreas Thiel bishop of Ermland. 
In 1895 Bludau was appointed a non tenured professor at the University of Münster and in 1899 a full professor of the New Testament. 
Bludau died in Frauenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19409846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409846" title="Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards">
Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards

The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards UK, also known as the KCAs, is an annual awards show, similar to the American and Australian versions. The show features numerous celebrity guests and musical acts. In recent years slime stunts have come into the show. The KCAs also hosts live musical entertainment.
History.
2007.
The first ever UK awards ceremony took place on 20 October 2007 presented by pop band McFly debuting on air date 27 September 2007.
2008.
The second UK awards ceremony took place on 13 September 2008, presented by "The X Factor" judge Dannii Minogue debuting on air 23 September 2008.
2009.
In 2009 the third UK awards ceremony was supposed to take place on an unknown date, and presented by Hadouken!. It was cancelled because of the more popular BAFTA Children's Awards, and due to the Financial crisis of 2007–2010.
2010.
Nick UK presented the U.S. 2010 Kids' Choice Awards, but due to popular demand, inserts with Teen Nick host Olly Murray were included, along with an added UK category.
2011.
Nick UK screened the U.S. 2011 Kids' Choice Awards on April 3, 2011, the day after the U.S. broadcast. As before, inserts featuring UK hosts were included, which also featured two categories specific to Nick UK.
2012.
Nick UK will screen the U.S. 2012 Kids' Choice Awards on April 1, 2012, the day after the US broadcast. As before, inserts featuring UK hosts were included and will also feature two categories specific to Nick UK.
2013.
The 2013 UK Kids Choice Awards were held on March 24, 2013 at 5:30PM. The show followed a similar format as the one in the United States, with seven unique categories for the UK.
Locations.
The locations for the first two award ceremonies were at ExCel Exhibition Centre, London.
Hosts.
The Nickelodeon channel presenters Mark Felgate, Sy Thomas and Laura Hamilton were also at the ceremony in both 2007 and 2008, they went backstage with celebrities and nominee winners for a spin-off show on the channel and online.
Hosts.
There was no host in 1987 because by this time, it was The Big Ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="19409855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409855" title="Rhostryfan railway station">
Rhostryfan railway station

Rhostryfan Station was the intermediate station on the Bryngwyn Branch of the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways (NWNGR) and its successor the Welsh Highland Railway (WHR). At some time since closure, the station itself has been demolished.
Although the line has been purchased by the Festiniog Railway Company, the branch to Bryngwyn there are no immediate plans to reopen the railway. In 2011 the trackbed of the line became a public footpath, although with the condition that this will not impede any reopening of the branch line in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19409870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409870" title="Callum Finnegan">
Callum Finnegan

Callum Finnegan is a fictional character in the British soap opera "Brookside", portrayed by Gerard Kelly. The character made his first onscreen appearance on 11 April 1997, as a guest star, before departing again on 7 May the same year. The character returned on 17 June 1999, and remained in the soap until the character was locked in a container and transported to Kenya by nemesis Barry Grant in an episode that aired on 1 September 2000.
Background.
The character of Callum Finnegan, it was later revealed, was born in 1962, and that his father was a chronic and abusive alcoholic named Gerry while his mother was the victim of his abuse Harriet. Callum was the eldest of four brothers, his three younger brothers being Alistiar. 
Later in his childhood life, Callum was driven mad when he witness the horrible murder of his cousin at the hands of his father, after his father attacked him with a knife. Callum then witnessed more horror when his father then committed suicide by stabbing himself.
1997.
Introduction.
Callum was introduced into the show when he into rented No 4. At the time Callum had a girlfriend named Patricia Lennox, whom he treats badly. Eventually, Patricia attempts to flee Callum by running down the street. Callum pursues her in a car, and accidentally runs her over at a junction. Patricia later dies in hospital.
War Against Lindsey Corkhill.
Callum attempted to get a job as a barman at Lindsey Corkhill's bar. However, Lindsey turned him down after she discovered he accidentally killed his wife. Callum, upon hearing his qualification got turned down, sneaks into Lindsey's bar at night and vandalises it, stealing the money from the till.
The next day, Callum stores all the stolen money in his car and drives it out of Liverpool, where he burns it and blows it up.
Departure.
In May 1997, Callum's brother Stuart turns up and informs Callum that his mother Harriet had died. Callum attends a party at Lindsey's bar, and tells her he is leaving but vows revenge on her.
Callum then departs.
1999-2000.
Re-Introduction.
Callum turns up back in Liverpool when he walks straight into the living room of enemy Lindsey Corkhill's home. Lindsey is shocked to see him, and he tells her that he vandalised the pub, but then taunts her about how she can't get him locked up due to a lack of evidence. Lindsey then orders Callum to leave.
Revenge on Lindsey.
Having vowed to get revenge on Lindsey, Callum phones his brothers Terry and Stuart and invites them over to stay. When Terry and Stuart arrive Callum informs them why he really called them, so that they could help him get his revenge on Lindsey.
The three begin Callum's revenge by bursting the tires of Lindsey's car and Terry throws a brick through her bedroom window. Lindsey then storms into Callum's flat demanding an explanation. Callum then begins his real revenge by, after having a heated argument with her, seduces Lindsey, and she ends up having sex with him while she is in a relationship with Barry Grant.
Callum then blackmails Lindsey, threatening to tell Barry of their encounter unless she pays him to mow her lawn. Lindsey accepts this, and Callum introduces himself to the Corkhill family who respect him as a kind and gentle man.
Drug Addiction.
During his time in Liverpool, Callum and his brother Stuart both became addicted to drugs, and were encouraged to do so by their brother Terry, who was already a drug addict. It is later revealed that Callum had had a previous encounter with drugs at the age of fourteen.
Vendetta with Barry Grant.
Eventually Lindsey told Barry about her encounter with Callum. Barry, wanting revenge on both Callum and Lindsey, revealed to the whole Corkhill family about Lindsey's relationship with Callum. The family, horrified, cast out both Callum and Lindsey and they are forced to live together, in which time Callum terrorises Lindsey and forces her to take drugs.
Callum then begins planning his revenge on Barry, first vandalising his brand new car with spray paint, throwing a brick through his living room window, setting his garden shed on fire and painting "barry grant will die" on his garden fence. Eventually, Callum begins his real plot for revenge: when Barry is out one night, Callum breaks into his house and takes his wallet and next thing Barry is being arrested for fraud.
Barry knows he had been framed, and instantly suspects Callum.
Departure.
After Barry is released on bail, he stalks Callum to find him holding Lindsey at gun point in his flat. Barry takes out his own gun and threatens to shoot Callum, but Callum tells Lindsey that he doesn't plan to do anything to her, but just to Barry. Callum and Barry then point their guns at each other as the final showdown commences. Lindsey flees and as she does she hears a gunshot,
but doesn't go back and see who was killed.
The same night Lindsey has a dream of a hooded man locking a man with a bag over his head in a container. The next day Lindsey sees Barry with a gunshot wound, and he tells her that Callum shot him but Barry managed to knock him unconscious. He then tells Lindsey that he stored Callum in a container.
Terry then arrives and tells Lindsey that he got a phonecall from Callum that he had been transported to Kenya, after no-one had notcied he was in the container, and that Callum now has to get a kidney transplant. It is later revealed that Callum had decided to live in Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="19409875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409875" title="Tamara Guseva">
Tamara Guseva

Tamara Nikolayevna Guseva (born in Baku, 15 August 1926) was a Soviet classical pianist and People's Artist of Russia.
After graduating from the Moscow Conservatory under Heinrich Neuhaus, she took part at the IV Fryderyk Chopin competition, where she was awarded the 9th prize. That same year Guseva won, ex-aequo with Yevgeny Malinin, the International Youth and Students Festival in Budapest. She had previously been awarded a 4th prize at the 1945 All-Soviet Music Performance Competition. 
Guseva served as Lev Oborin's assistant before being appointed a teacher at the Moscow Conservatory (1959–66). During the 1950s she was a soloist at the newly founded Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19409881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409881" title="Postcard To Brooke">
Postcard To Brooke

Postcard To Brooke is a film based artwork by British artist and writer Oliver Guy-Watkins that began in April 2008
Outline.
Since April 2008, Oliver Guy-Watkins has undertaken to film an unlimited amount of individuals reading the poem Doubts by Rupert Brooke. Guy-Watkins describes the work as a quest, and filmed near two hundred people in the projects first six months.
Exhibitions and screenings.
The first public event associated with Postcard To Brooke took place on June 6, 2008 at The Art Car Boot Fair at The Truman Brewery on Brick Lane in London. Oliver Guy-Watkins filmed fifty-six people during the six hours, and also instigated The Box Of Doubts for the first time. This would entail individuals writing their own doubts on a blank postcard.
On June 24, 2008, Oliver Guy-Watkins would screen the eighty-nine readings recorded up until that date, at the newly opened Miss Micks venue in Berlin. He would also be joined by the artist Tom J Mason to host a Discussion Of Doubts, relating to the postcards which had been used at the Art Car Boot Fair.
Over the weekend of August 23/24 2008, Oliver Guy-Watkins would attend the Flat Lake Festival in Clones, Ireland where he would film a further 52 individuals, before screening two short edits in the cinema tent on Sunday evening. He would also give a talk regarding the quest.
In March 2009, Guy-Watkins held the first of two 'Evening Of Doubt' events at Shoreditch House in East London, where he was joined by Art Car Boot Fair Founder Karen Ashton, artists Boo Saville and Jessica Voorsanger and gallerist Hannah Watson of Trolley Gallery to discuss the contents of the postcards that have been contributed with individuals person doubts written on. The second event is due to take place on April 19, 2009 where the guests will include writer Damian Barr and comedians Charlotte Reather and Paul Foot
Readers.
Notable individuals who have contributed to Postcard To Brooke include -
Nobel prize winner, Seamus Heaney; comedians Dylan Moran, d Byrne, Tim Key, Richard Herring, Chris Neill, Tony Allen, Angus Lindsay, Tony Green, John Seagrave; authors Patrick McCabe, Damian Barr, Victoria Mary Clarke, Karen Ashton, Ciarán Carson; Lady Mary Archer; Jodie Harsh; actors Ryan Sampson, Adrian Barnes, Cecilia Colby, Glen Conroy; artists Marc Horowitz, Jessica Voorsanger, Adham Faramawy, Patrick Brill; photographer Craig Cowling; and Brooke Society chairman Lorna Beckett.
Alongside the notable names are individuals from many walks of life, including firemen, doctors, care workers and the homeless. 
Guy-Watkins has stated that the first section of the quest was autobiographical with him filming friends, family and work associates. The second part would be based around researching the life of Rupert Brooke, and the third would be to document a number of social groups and stereotypes that exist in the early 21st Century.
Social documentation.
As well as having filmed a number of individuals who belong to certain social groups on a one of basis, Oliver Guy-Watkins has recently announced a series of events in association with organizations that represent those who are governed by specific social restrictions. The first of these events runs in conjunction with GEAR projects, Gloucestershire's only homeless shelter. Guy-Watkins intends to document both the staff and patrons of the charity by filming the reading Doubts, as well as inviting them to contribute their own doubts on blank postcards.

</doc>
<doc id="19409898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409898" title="DP2">
DP2

DP2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409913" title="Philip Goldberg">
Philip Goldberg

Philip S. Goldberg (born August 1, 1956) is a senior United States diplomat and government official, currently serving as the United States Ambassador to the Philippines. He served previously as "Charge d'Affaires" and Deputy Chief of Mission (DCM) at the U.S. Embassy in Santiago, Chile, Chief of Mission in Pristina, Kosovo, and as Ambassador to Bolivia. He was nominated on October 23, 2009 to be INR Assistant Secretary and confirmed by the Senate on February 9, 2010.
Early life and education.
Goldberg is a native of Boston, Massachusetts and is a graduate of The Rivers School and Boston University. Before joining the Foreign Service, Goldberg, who speaks Spanish, worked as a liaison officer between the City of New York City and the United Nations and consular community.
Department of State appointments.
Goldberg is a Career Minister in the U.S. Senior Foreign Service. Goldberg has served overseas as a consular and political officer at the U.S. Embassy in Bogota, Colombia, and political-economic officer in Pretoria, South Africa. From 1994 to 1996 Goldberg served as the State Department's Desk Officer for Bosnia and a Special Assistant to Ambassador Richard Holbrooke. As Special Assistant to Ambassador Richard Holbrooke, Goldberg was a member of the American negotiating team in the lead-up to the Dayton Peace Conference and Chief of Staff for the American Delegation at Dayton. From 1996 to 1999 Goldberg served as Special Assistant to the Deputy Secretary of State. From 1998 to 2000 Goldberg served as Executive Assistant (1998–2000) to the Deputy Secretary of State. In 2001 Goldberg served as a senior member of the State Department team handling the transition from the Clinton to Bush Administrations. From January 2001 to June 2001 Goldberg served as acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs. From 2001 to 2004 Goldberg served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Santiago, Chile. From June 2009 until June 2010, he served as the Coordinator for Implementation of UNSC Resolution 1874 (Sanctions) on North Korea. He has received numerous honors for his work including Presidential Distinguished and Meritorious Rank awards, and the State Department's Distinguished Honor Award.
Assistant Secretary of State.
Goldberg assumed the duties of Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research (INR) February 16, 2010, leading one of 16 elements in the U.S. Intelligence Community (IC). INR's primary mission is to harness intelligence to serve U.S. diplomacy. Drawing on all-source intelligence, INR provides value-added independent analysis of events to U.S. State Department policymakers; ensures that intelligence activities support foreign policy and national security purposes; and serves as the focal point in the State Department for ensuring policy review of sensitive counterintelligence and law enforcement activities around the world.
Ambassador to Bolivia.
President George W. Bush nominated Philip S. Goldberg as Ambassador to Bolivia and his nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 3, 2006. Goldberg presented his credentials to Bolivian President Evo Morales on October 13, 2006.
In August 2007, the United States was accused by Government Minister Juan Ramón Quintana of funding opposition to President Morales by providing opposition leaders and critical think-tanks with millions of dollars. According to Quintana, the US Government Aid agency, USAID, had implied by reference in documents in Bolivia's possession that funding was to help restore democracy to Bolivia. Morales indirectly threatened retaliation against the ambassador for interference with Bolivia's government. Tom Casey, a spokesman for the State Department, denied these allegations.
On September 10, 2008, the Bolivian Government gave 72 hours for Ambassador Goldberg to leave the country, after declaring him persona non grata. The "Telegraph" reported on September 12, 2008 that President Morales had been angered by a meeting between Goldberg and Santa Cruz Governor Rubén Costas. Costas, founder of Autonomy for Bolivia, has pressed for autonomy for Bolivia's regions. Morales had accused Goldberg of plotting against Bolivia's government. 
In an interview with "Newsweek" magazine, Goldberg indicated a belief that several factors had come into play in his expulsion, including the influence of Venezuela, and that "was part of the general policy of the Bolivian government for Morales to attack the United States." Immediately prior to leaving Bolivia, Goldberg had said that Morales' decision would have "serious consequences of several sorts which apparently have not been correctly evaluated". The US State Department issued an official statement saying that Bolivia had committed a grave error and that the allegations against Goldberg were baseless. The statement also indicated that:
President Morales’ action is a grave error that has seriously damaged the bilateral relationship... We regret that President Morales has chosen this course. It will prejudice the interests of both countries, undermine the ongoing fight against drug-trafficking, and will have serious regional implications. 
Ambassador to the Philippines.
In 2013, U.S President Barack Obama appointed Goldberg as the new U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines, replacing Harry K. Thomas Jr. who has been assigned to the country since 2010. Goldberg's nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate, and he was sworn in on 23 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19409932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409932" title="Bobby Grant (Brookside)">
Bobby Grant (Brookside)

Bobby Grant is a fictional character from British soap opera, "Brookside" played by Ricky Tomlinson. Bobby appeared in Brookside from the first episode in 1982 until the character's departure in 1988. Bobby was the first character in the series to have a spoken line after a milkman and then Annabelle Collins had silent appearances.
Character.
The Grant family originally consisted of Bobby Grant, Sheila Grant, Barry Grant, Karen Grant and Damon Grant. The whole family appeared in the first episode and were the first to move into the new houses on Brookside Close, moving into No. 5. 
Prior to moving onto Brookside Close, the Grant family were from a run-down inner-city council estate, however through Bobby and Sheila's thrift and hard work had managed to move to the 'middle class' Brookside Close.
A fourth child, Claire, was born on 8 January 1985 - the very first baby to be born in the series, more than two years after its inception.
Bobby Grant could be a domineering man over his family, and throughout the series was shown to regularly hit his son Damon for minor misdemeanours. Bobby Grant's role as patriarch of the Grant family was tested in 1986 when wife Sheila was raped. The character was a longtime friend of Matty Nolan and also endured a difficult relationship with neighbour, Paul Collins.
Politics.
Bobby Grant was a politicised character, and throughout the early years of the soap was a committed socialist and trade union activist (mirroring Tomlinson's real life prior to his acting career) and the story lines reflected this. The stories of trade union activity were on the Zeitgeist of the early 1980s when unemployment was high - particularly in Liverpool - and there was considerable industrial unrest at the time. In the opening episodes, Bobby is asked to take a pay cut and from here the political beliefs of the character are set out.
Despite being an ardent socialist, Bobby is also a realist and a moderate. As a shop-steward he is seen to liase with his members, often defending management against false accusations. Many of Bobby's co-workers are somewhat more militant than he is but given Bobby's realistic appraisal of the world he realises that Fairbanks management look for any excuse to rid themselves of militants and so he refrains from making ill-considered accusations.
Trade union activities.
Bobby Grant was the trade union shop steward at the factory where he worked, and he was largely involved in the orchestrating of industrial action. In the course of his duties he was accused of abusing his position as a shop steward with regards to the allocation of overtime, in the belief that he was using his power to ensure his shift had all of the overtime. Bobby calls in the Health and Safety inspectors at Billinge Chemicals after he discovers many of the staff suffer from asbestosis. During a strike over unsafe working conditions in February 1987, Bobby loses authority of union members after he refuses to answer whether he is in the Militant tendency.
Breakdown of marriage with Sheila.
After Sheila was raped in 1986 and the death of son Damon in 1987, Bobby and Sheila's marriage began to falter. The two started to attend marriage guidance and Sheila sought advice from her priest. The pair finally split in May 1988 with Bobby taking the decision to leave Sheila. Bobby left the soap, although Sheila remained in it until September 1990 later marrying Billy Corkhill, she also made several one-off appearances in the soap, the final one being in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19409934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409934" title="1996 IIHF European Women Championships">
1996 IIHF European Women Championships

The 1996 IIHF European Women Championships were held between March 12–29, 1996.
The format remained unchanged from the previous year, with promoted Russia replacing Denmark who were relegated from the 1995 tournament
The Pool A tournament was held in Yaroslavl, Russia, while Pool B took place in Trnava and Piešťany in Slovakia. The tournament was the final European Championship ever to be held, with the IIHF revamping the World Championships to create the multiple divisions that still exist today.
European Championship Group A.
Teams & Format.
Six teams completed in Pool A, with Russia joining the group after winning the 1995 Pool B tournament. The teams were:
A single round robin was played between the teams, with the top ranked team winning the championship.
European Championship Group B.
Teams & Format.
The eight teams that competed in Pool B were:
Kazakhstan replaced the Ukraine after they withdrew from the competition.
The teams were split into two groups of four teams as below. At the end of the group stage, the teams would play the team that finished in the same position in the opposite group in a playoff match, i.e. Winner of Group A played Winner of Group B for the Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19409942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409942" title="Karen Grant">
Karen Grant

Karen Grant is a character in "Brookside" portrayed by Shelagh O'Hara from 1982 until 1986 with returns in 1988 and 1990.
Grant Family.
The Grant family consisted of Bobby Grant, Sheila Grant, Barry Grant, Karen Grant and Damon Grant. The family moved onto the Middle Class Brookside Close from a rundown council estate.
Character in early episodes.
Karen Grant was not seen in the first episode; instead, Bobby was heard to be shouting at her through the bathroom door. Karen then appeared in the second episode. 16-year-old Karen represented youth subculture and was moody, keeping herself apart from her parents. Karen had a boyfriend, Duanne, in the early episodes, whom Bobby and Sheila thoroughly disapproved of.
Relationship with family.
Relationship with Damon.
Karen is close in age to younger brother Damon. The two have a love-hate relationship, often engaging in arguments. At the same time, however, they are often allies in rebelling against Sheila's staunch Catholic upbringing (refusing to go to church with her, for example). As Karen became a more settled character, she often tried to calm hot-headed Damon.
Relationship with Barry.
Karen's elder brother Barry was fairly protective of her, even beating up Duanne after he tried to force Karen to have sex with him (something Barry was later stabbed for). Barry also obtained contraception for Karen behind her mother's back.
Relationship with parents.
In early episodes Karen had a typical adolescent awkward relationship with both her parents. After Sheila's rape, when their marriage became strained, she mediated between them.
Character in later episodes.
In later episodes Karen no longer was portrayed as an awkward adolescent, instead becoming the most eloquent member of the Grant family and moving to London at the end of 1986, though she returned briefly in 1988 when she was seen by her mother at Damon's grave, and again in 1990 for her mother's wedding to Billy Corkhill.

</doc>
<doc id="19409943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409943" title="Sheila Grant">
Sheila Grant

Sheila Grant is a fictional character from British soap opera, "Brookside" played by Sue Johnston. Sheila appeared in Brookside from the first episode in 1982 until the character's departure in 1990. Her most famous storyline was in 1986, when the character was attacked, raped and beaten by an unknown assailant. Everyone was a suspect, including family friend Matty Nolan (Tony Scoggo) and most residents of Brookside Close found themselves accused of attacking Sheila. It was later revealed that the taxi driver raped Sheila.
Character.
The Grant family consisted of Bobby Grant, Sheila Grant, Barry Grant Karen Grant and Damon Grant. The Grant family appeared in the first episode (although Karen grant was not shown on screen) and were the first to move into the new houses on Brookside Close. Prior to moving onto Brookside Close, the Grant family were from a run-down inner-city council estate, however through Bobby and Sheila's thrift had managed to move to the 'middle class' Brookside Close.
Sheila was portrayed as a devout Roman Catholic, and as such her views were often to come into conflict with husband Bobby's socialist views.
Early years.
After Bobby had spent his first months of Brookside Close fighting to save his job and 200 others at Fairbanks Engineering, Sheila is the one made redundant in 1983. In an attempt to occupy herself she joined Annabelle Collins' Ratepayers Association and forged an unlikely friendship with her. The two however disagree when Sheila nominated Roger Huntingdon as chairman instead of Annabelle and when they clash over what type of group it should be with Annabelle wanting it to be an apolitical group bringing issues such as hedges and refuse collection to the attention of the council while Sheila wanted to use it to campaign about the poor standard of schooling in the area and the lack of jobs for their children.
Later in an attempt to make a living Sheila establishes a non-registered employment agency, this has the unfortunate result of having friend Matty Nolan prosecuted for benefit fraud.
The rape of Sheila Grant.
In 1986, the most notable story line regarding Sheila was broadcast. The story was written in order to keep Sue Johnston on the soap, who had previously expressed an interest in leaving. In 1986, Sheila was raped while walking home from a pub, following her ordeal she bathed, removing any evidence that could have incriminated her attacker. There were three suspects; former friend Matty Nolan who was furious with her for wrecking his marriage by telling his wife he'd been having an affair, neighbour Pat Hancock who had gotten drunk after a violent argument with this girlfriend and couldn't remember what he'd been up to and lecturer Alun who had unsuccessfully tried to initiate an affair. However it soon emerged that none of them were guilty, and the rape had been committed by the taxi driver who had just dropped Sheila off. 
Late parenthood.
In 1984, Sheila, by now well over 40, became pregnant with her and Bobby's fourth child. Their daughter Claire was born on 8 January 1985 - the very first baby to be born in the series, more than two years after its inception.
However, the downside to this was that parenthood so late in life put pressure of the Grant's marriage.
Break up of the Grant family.
The Grant family started to break-up in 1987, first with Karen leaving to go to university in London. Then in November 1987 Damon was stabbed and died on Lendal Bridge in York. Sheila persuaded Barry not to go after revenge (something he didn't do until 2003 when Damon's murderers were released and he left the Close to track them down) but the strain this put on her caused a rift between her and Bobby. After months of tension Bobby left Sheila and left the soap in 1988.
Repossesion and Relationship with Billy Corkhill.
Despite Barry and Sheila's best efforts, without Bobby's wage they fall behind with the mortgage repayments and their home is repossessed. Sheila is devastated by this as the home represents everything she and Bobby had worked for, as she later confided to a priest "I know we are not supposed to value material things but it's different, it's a home". Barry lived in a Volkswagen camper van while Sheila moved into friend Billy Corkhill's house with Claire.
Christmas 1988.
Sheila spends Christmas with Billy and the two get on well. Later when Debbie McGrath comes around with Simon, Sheila's grandson (whom Sheila thought was miscarried due to a lie from Debbie's father), Sheila, Billy and Debbie take him to the park and Sheila and Billy grow closer. On Christmas evening, Billy gives Sheila her present, some rosary beads which he had bought from the Cathedral, knowing how important her Catholic religion was to her. Billy also buys a set for Claire.
Sheila goes to confide in a priest she does not know about her failed marriage with Bobby, her repossession and meeting Debbie (whom she refers to as Damon's wife) and her grandson Simon. She does not mention Billy to him, although infers his presence. That night Sheila goes missing from Billy's house and he finds her having broken into her boarded up old home, sitting in Damon's old room remembering him and the happy times she had had in that house.
Feeling she is still married to Bobby in the eyes of the church and her growing relationship with Billy is sinful, Sheila insists of leaving, although Billy tells her that his home is her home and tells her she is more than welcome. Nonetheless Sheila is intent on leaving.
On New Year's Eve however Sheila slips out of a party early to be with Claire. Billy follows her and the two kiss, starting a relationship between them.
Departure.
After Bobby's departure, Sheila began a relationship with Billy Corkhill. The couple married in September 1990 and left Brookside to live in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
Return.
Sheila returned without Billy in the straight-to-video specials "The Lost Weekend" in 1997. She returned again the following year once again in the straight-to-video special, "Friday the 13th". She returned to attend the wedding of Lindsay Corkhill and Peter Phelan, however she became caught up in trouble when Jimmy is pursued by drug-dealers intent on killing him. Here she reveals to Jackie Corkhill that she and Billy have split up, although Jimmy mentioned that Billy and Sheila were "still together" in a conversation with neighbour Diane Murray in 2001. This was either a continuity error, or Billy and Sheila are presumed to have reconciled.
Reception.
The character was selected as one of the "top 100 British soap characters" by industry experts for a poll to be run by "What's on TV", with readers able to vote for their favourite character to discover "Who is Soap's greatest Legend?"

</doc>
<doc id="19409944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409944" title="1989 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1989 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19409947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409947" title="1710 AM">
1710 AM

While 1710 kHz appears on many radios, it is unused even by TIS stations, exception being TIS (WQFG689) licensed with a waiver to the County of Hudson. This is because aeronautical radionavigation may use 1708 kHz. It has also been a popular frequency with both Part 15 and North American MW pirate radio station operators especially in the midwest and east coast of the United States of America.
The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1710 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19409977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409977" title="Vienna Conference">
Vienna Conference

Vienna Conference can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19409983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19409983" title="1967 ABC Championship">
1967 ABC Championship

The 1967 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Seoul, South Korea. 

</doc>
<doc id="19410010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410010" title="2008 Thailand Open – Singles">
2008 Thailand Open – Singles

Dmitry Tursunov was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga won in the final 7–6(7–4), 6–4, against Novak Djokovic.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19410019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410019" title="2008 Hansol Korea Open">
2008 Hansol Korea Open

The 2008 Hansol Korea Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 5th edition of the event known that year as the Hansol Korea Open, and was part of the Tier IV Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Seoul Olympic Park Tennis Center in Seoul, South Korea, from September 22 through September 28, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19410023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410023" title="Illuminate (band)">
Illuminate (band)

Illuminate is a successful German Gothic music band from Karlsruhe formed in 1993 by Johannes Berthold.
History.
They played M'era Luna in 2000, 2003 and 2010. Their song "Dunkellicht" was on the German Alternative Charts for 8 weeks in 2000, peaking at #4. Their 2004 album "Augenblicke" was released on Nuclear Blast records as well as Johannes Berthold's "Gallery" label.
Ex-Mystic Prophecy Drummer Stefan Dittrich joined the band in 2009 after Mathias Kurth quit due to personal reasons. Currently they are working on new material for their next record.
Musical Style.
Illuminate's early albums are often associated with Neue Deutsche Todeskunst (literally, New German Death Art), especially their 1996 album "Verfall". Their music has fewer rock elements and much catchier tunes than more typical Gothic and Darkwave bands. Illuminate's melodies often have piano accompaniment, and their later albums included more electro-pop elements. Their songs often have themes such as love, loss, longing and the transience of existence.
Discography.
Albums.
Kapitel 1: Neubeginn
Kapitel 2: Krise
Kapitel 3: Katastrophe

</doc>
<doc id="19410027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410027" title="Cathedral Hill Historic District (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Cathedral Hill Historic District (Baltimore, Maryland)

__NOTOC__
The Cathedral Hill Historic District is an area in Baltimore, Maryland. It lies in the northern part of Downtown just south of Mount Vernon. Roughly bounded by Saratoga Street, Park Avenue, Hamilton Street, and St. Paul Street, these 10 or so blocks contain some of the most significant buildings in Baltimore. The area takes it name from the Basilica of the Assumption which sits in the heart of the district. Despite the number of large religious structures in the area, the district's buildings are primarily commercial in character, with a broad collection of significant commercial structures ranging in date from 1790 to 1940. 
Cathedral Hill contains a mix of architectural styles from Georgian of St. Paul's Rectory to Art Deco along Charles Street. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Cathedral Hill is within Baltimore National Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19410037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410037" title="Tryfan Junction railway station">
Tryfan Junction railway station

A former junction station on the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways for the main line and the Bryngwyn Branch.
History.
Following closure in 1936 by the Welsh Highland Railway the station building fell into disuse. Work began in 2009 on restoration of the station by the Welsh Highland Heritage Group. The first part, re-construction of a platform, was completed in Spring 2010 following which a single "Sponsors Special" had been the only train to stop there in 2010. In 2011 with the commencement of the main season it became a timetabled request stop. Currently, the ex-NWNGR passenger facility is under restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19410042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410042" title="Peter Harrison">
Peter Harrison

Peter Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410050" title="Marie-Geneviève Meunier">
Marie-Geneviève Meunier

Blessed Marie-Geneviève Meunier (28 May 1765 – 17 July 1794), also known as Sister Constance, was a Carmelite novice and one of the Carmelite Martyrs of Compiegne. She took the religious habit on 16 December 1788. She mounted the platform singing Laudate Dominum before being guillotined in Paris.
Marie-Geneviève was beatified on 27 May 1906 by Pope Pius X.

</doc>
<doc id="19410052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410052" title="Jack Ferguson (disambiguation)">
Jack Ferguson (disambiguation)

Jack Ferguson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410055" title="2008 Hansol Korea Open – Doubles">
2008 Hansol Korea Open – Doubles

Chia-jung Chuang and Su-wei Hsieh were the defending champions, and won in the final 6–3, 6–0, against Vera Dushevina and Maria Kirilenko.

</doc>
<doc id="19410074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410074" title="Chamb">
Chamb

The Chamb (; ) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Germany. It is a right tributary of the Regen River.
The Chamb begins south of the Czech village of Kdyně, and flows some westward, crossing into Germany at an elevation of . From there it flows southwestward through Eschlkam, Furth im Wald, and Arnschwang, joining the Regen east of the city of Cham (whose name is of similar Celtic etymology).
The discharge of the Chamb is variable. The highest and lowest recorded flow rates are per second (July 9, 1954) and per second (June 9, 1960).

</doc>
<doc id="19410100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410100" title="Kouba">
Kouba

Kouba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410106" title="Judiciary of Indonesia">
Judiciary of Indonesia

The Judiciary of Indonesia comprises the Supreme Court of Indonesia and the Constitutional Court of Indonesia together with public courts, religious courts, administrative courts and military courts.
The Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court is Indonesia's highest court. It is the final court of appeal for criminal and civil verdicts. It also resolves disputes between courts. It is led by a chairman, currently Hatta Ali. 
The Constitutional Court.
The Constitutional Court rules over disputes concerning the Constitution of Indonesia as well as matters involving elections and political parties. It is headed by Akil Mochtar, who is currently under suspension on suspicion of accepting bribes. 
Public Courts.
The public courts comprise the district courts at the first level and the high courts at the appellate level, after which any appeal goes to the Supreme Court. They can try criminal and civil cases involving Indonesian citizens or foreign citizens.
State courts have authority at the city and regency level, while high courts function at the provincial level.
Religious Courts.
Religious courts are for Muslim citizens to resolve matters such as marriage, inheritance and property donated for religious purposes. Religious Courts are located at the district/municipality (kabupaten/
kota) level and there are 343 of these courts of first instance at the regency or city level across Indonesia, including 19 Syariah
Courts in Aceh. At the appeal level, Religious High Courts now (2010) number 29,including the recently renamed Mahkamah Syariat (Syariah Court) in Banda Aceh 
Administrative Courts.
Administrative courts were established in 1986 as a consequence of a law intended to ensure that people would not be treated arbitrarily by government officials or organizations. They rule in disputes involving the state officials or bodies, both at the center and in the regions.
Military Courts.
These deal with cases involving members of the Armed Forces.
Judges.
Judges decide cases based on written law. If there is no applicable written law, Law No. 14/1970 states that judges must apply unwritten law and decide cases with wisdom and full responsibility to God.

</doc>
<doc id="19410107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410107" title="Arithmeum">
Arithmeum

The Arithmeum is a mathematics museum owned by the Forschungsinstitut für Diskrete Mathematik (Research Institute for Discrete Mathematics) at the University of Bonn.
It was founded by the Director of the Institute, Bernhard Korte, who contributed his private collection of calculating machines.
The building's steel-glass facade - located at Lennéstrasse 2 - is meant to represent the "transparency of science".
Exhibitions.
The permanent exhibit "Calculating in Olden and Modern Times" () shows the progression of mechanical calculating machines through 1,200 pieces.
There are also exhibits on very-large-scale integrated (VLSI) logic chips, historical arithmetic books dating back to Johannes Gutenberg's times, and the relationship between art and science.

</doc>
<doc id="19410108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410108" title="High Society (The Silver Seas album)">
High Society (The Silver Seas album)

High Society is the second studio album by the American rock band The Silver Seas. The album was originally released in May 2006 under the band's previous name, the Bees (U.S.), and was rereleased in October 2007 under their current name. The song "Catch Yer Own Train" was featured in a first-season episode of AMC's Breaking Bad and is included on the soundtrack album "Breaking Bad: Music From the Original Television Series" (2010).
Track listing.
Tracks 1-11 written by Daniel Tashian except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19410132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410132" title="Yogi Ramsuratkumar">
Yogi Ramsuratkumar

Yogi Ramsuratkumar (; ) (December 1, 1918 – February 20, 2001) was an Indian saint and mystic. He was also referred to as ""Visiri samiyar"" and spent most of his post enlightement period in Thiruvanamalai, a small town in Tamil Nadu which is famous for attracting spiritual seekers worldwide and has had a continuous lineage of enlightened souls. He acknowledges the contribution of three of the most well known saints of his time in his evolution to enlightenment. These individuals were Sri Aurobindo, the founder of Integral yoga, Ramana Maharishi, one of the "spiritual superman" of his time, and Papa Ramdas, Yogi's eventual guru.
Pre Enlightenment History.
Yogi Ramsuratkumar was born in a village Nardara, Lalganj, Ballia-277216 (U. P.) near Kashi on December 1, 1918. In his childhood, he loved very much to meet the yogis and monks. He was befriended by a number of holy men who built their huts on the Ganges shore or simply wandered nearby. 
He grew up as a Grihasta but eventually, the tugs of spirituality in his heart took over. In search of his "guru", he visited and spent time in the ashrams of both Sri Aurobindo and Ramana Maharishi. He later moved to Kerala at the ashram of Swami Ramdas. In his own assessment, Sri Aurobindo gave him Jnana, Sri Ramana Maharshi blessed him with tapas and Swami Ramdas gave him the nectar of Bhakti. Swami Ramdas initiated him into the holy mantra : " Om Sri Ram Jai Ram Jai Jai Ram ", by pronouncing it thrice in his ears. Yogi Ramsuratkumar often refers to this instance as his "death", since from this moment on, his ego no longer existed, and he had a profound spiritual experience.
Post Enlightenment History.
Yogiji travelled across the country from 1952 to 1959. Not much is known about the exact whereabouts of the yogi in this period. He finally reached Tiruvannamalai in the Southern India in 1959. He was a "hidden" saint during this early period, with not too many individuals realizing that this "beggar" was someone who would bring riches to the lives of countless many. He was seen near the Temple chariot, at the corners of the Road, under the trees of the Temple. As more and more people started acknowledging the divine presence in him, Swamiji then began living in a small house in Sannadhi Street beneath the Temple. He continued to bless the devotees who thronged at thousands to his house at the Sannadhi Street. At a point, his devotees became too many to be handled in a small house and the devotees wished him to have an Ashram which he gently accepted after much persuasion for the sake of his devotees. The Yogi Ramsuratkumar Ashram is constructed at Agrahara collai with a total area of 3.5 Acres.
Students in the West.
Yogi Ramsuratkumar's most promient Western students were Lee Lozowick, who founded "Western Baul" communities in the United States and Europe, and Krishna Carcelle (Gaurakrishna), who published the Vedantic monthly magazine 'Rama Nama' and created the website of 'Yogi Ramsuratkumar Bhavan' with the blessings of his Master, and publishes free ebooks on Yogi Ramsuratkumar.

</doc>
<doc id="19410139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410139" title="Matthew Concanen">
Matthew Concanen

Matthew Concanen (1701 – 22 January 1749) was a writer, poet and lawyer born in Ireland.
Life.
He studied law in Ireland but travelled to London as a young man, and began writing political pamphlets in support of the Whig government. He also wrote for newspapers including the "London Journal" and "The Speculatist". He published a volume of poems, some of which were original works and some translations. He wrote a dramatic comedy, "Wexford Wells". A collection of his essays from "The Speculatist" was published in 1732. 
His skills attracted the attention of the Whig statesman Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle. In June 1732 the Duke appointed him attorney-general of Jamaica. He held the post for over sixteen years. 
While in Jamaica, Concanen married the daughter of a local planter. After his tenure in Jamaica was completed, he returned to London, intending to retire to Ireland, but died of a fever in London shortly after his return.
He criticised Alexander Pope and was rewarded with a passage in Pope's "Dunciad" ridiculing him as "A cold, long-winded native of the deep" (Dunciad, ii. 299-304). There is also well-known letter about him written by William Warburton, who comments on how Concanen helped him.
Writings.
In 1731 Concanen, Edward Roome, & Sir William Yonge produced "The Jovial Crew", an opera, adapted from Richard Brome's "A Jovial Crew".
His publications included
He was co-author of "The history and antiquities of the parish of St. Saviour's, Southwark".
An Essay Against Too Much Reading.
The 1728 humorous anonymous pamphlet, "An Essay Against Too Much Reading", has been attributed to Concanen, though it has also been identified (probably wrongly) as the work of a certain "Captain Goulding" of Bath. It included the first, though none too serious, direct statements of doubt about Shakespeare's authorship. 
The author proposed "a short account of Mr Shakespeare's proceeding, and that I had from one of his intimate acquaintance..." Shakespeare is described as merely a collaborator who "in all probability cou'd not write English." With regard the Bard's grasp of history, the "Essay" related that Shakespeare "not being a scholar" employed a "chuckle-pated historian" who gave him a set of notes to save the trouble of research. The historian also corrected his grammar.

</doc>
<doc id="19410151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410151" title="Glove Taps">
Glove Taps

Glove Taps is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 151st "Our Gang" short (152nd episode, 63rd talking short, and 64th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Butch explains that he clobbers every kid in school to prove that he is in charge. By a fluke, weak-kneed Alfalfa is chosen to face Butch in the barnyard boxing ring—and he has only one day to train for the big bout.

</doc>
<doc id="19410168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410168" title="Peter Tom">
Peter Tom

Peter William Gregory Tom, CBE (born 1940, Cornwall) is a British businessman. He is Chairman of the Board of Marwyn Materials Ltd.
A former group chairman and chief executive of Aggregate Industries, he made 130 appearances for Leicester Tigers as a lock forward between 1963 and 1968, though he was never capped internationally. He was awarded the CBE in 2006. He is now Chairman of Leicester Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="19410179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410179" title="RSPO">
RSPO

RSPO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410181" title="Thorneywood railway station">
Thorneywood railway station

Thorneywood railway station was a station on the former Great Northern Railway Nottingham Suburban railway in Nottingham, England.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19410188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410188" title="St Ann's Well railway station">
St Ann's Well railway station

St Ann's Well railway station was a station on the former Great Northern Railway Nottingham Suburban railway in Nottingham, England.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19410196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410196" title="Sherwood railway station">
Sherwood railway station

Sherwood railway station was a station on the former Great Northern Railway Nottingham Suburban railway in Nottingham. The station lies within Woodthorpe Grange Park in Woodthorpe.
The NSR was built mainly for the brickworks of Mapperley and Thornywood, however, there were passenger services to Daybrook and Sherwood Station. In 1905, Parry sold the estate to Godfrey Small a Nottingham City Councillor. Meanwhile, the railway was struggling with the opening of the electric tram from Nottingham City Centre to Sherwood. During World War I services were severely curtailed and Sherwood Station closed.
Woodthorpe Grange Park opened to the public in 1922. On 10 July 1928 King George V and Queen Mary visited the park and 17,000 school children travelled to the event on the NSR to Sherwood Station (which had been re-opened for the event). Passenger services were completely stopped in 1931. The line opened once more for an enthusiasts special in 1951, a little while after the good services ended and the track was lifted.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19410197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410197" title="Hearts Are Thumps">
Hearts Are Thumps

Hearts Are Thumps is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 152nd "Our Gang" short (153rd episode, 64th talking short, and 65th talking episode) that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19410199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410199" title="Mamet">
Mamet

Mamet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410201" title="Raid on Souda Bay">
Raid on Souda Bay

The Raid on Souda Bay was an Italian Navy small craft assault on Souda Bay, Crete, during the first hours of 26 March 1941. The Royal Navy heavy cruiser and the Norwegian tanker "Pericles" were disabled by Italian motor launches and eventually lost.
Background.
Souda is a naturally protected harbor on the northwest coast of the island. It had been chosen as a target by the Decima months before because of the almost continuous Allied naval activity there. Air recce had spotted a number of naval and auxiliary steamers at anchor in Souda Bay, Crete.
On 25 March 1941, the Italian destroyers "Crispi" and "Sella" departed from Leros island in the Aegean at night, each one carrying three motor assault boats of the known as ' (MT). Each MT (nicknamed ': "little boats") carried a explosive charge inside their bow. The MTs were specially equipped to make their way through obstacles such as torpedo nets. The pilot would steer the assault craft on a collision course at his target ship, and then would jump from his boat before impact and warhead detonation.
The attack.
At 23:30, the MT were released by the destroyers off Souda. Once inside the bay, the six boats, under the command of Lieutenant Luigi Faggioni, identified their targets: the heavy cruiser HMS "York", a large tanker (the Norwegian "Pericles" of ), another tanker and a cargo ship. At 4:46, two MTs hit HMS "York" amidships, flooding her aft boilers and magazines, and the ship was beached by her own crew to avoid capsizing. Two seamen were killed by the explosions. The oiler "Pericles" was severely damaged and settled on the bottom, while the other tanker and the cargo ship were sunk, according to Italian sources. According to British reports, the other "barchini" apparently missed their intended targets, and one of them ended stranded on the beach. The anti-aircraft guns of the base opened fire randomly, believing that the base was under air attack.
All six of the Italian seamen, Luigi Faggioni, Alessio de Vito, Emilio Barberi, Angelo Cabrini, Tullio Tedeschi and Lino Beccati, were captured.
Aftermath.
HMS "York" was disabled. After a salvage operation involving a submarine dispatched from Alexandria was abandoned, she was wrecked with demolition charges by her crew before the German capture of Crete, while "Pericles", taken in tow by destroyers, sank on 14 April 1941 en route to Alexandria during a gale.
The sinking of HMS "York" was the source of a controversy between the "Regia Marina" and the "Luftwaffe" over credit for her sinking. The matter was resolved by British war records and by the ship's own war log, captured by Italian naval officers who boarded the half-sunk cruiser.
After the war, the hull of HMS "York" was towed to Bari and scrapped there by an Italian shipbreaker in March 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19410211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410211" title="Riqqeh">
Riqqeh

Riqqeh (also known as ar-Riqqeh or Riqqa) is a modern village in Egypt. It is located about 80 km south of Cairo.
Overview.
Close to the village, in the desert, was excavated a series of cemeteries. The cemeteries ranging in time from the Naqada-culture to modern times. Most important are those tombs dating to the Naqada-culture (the relevant cemetery is published under the name Gerzeh) and those of the Middle and New Kingdom. The cemeteries were excavated and published by Reginald Engelbach in 1912 to 1913.
Most of the tombs found were simple shafts, some with one or more chambers at the bottom. Finds include stelae, statues and canopic jars. From the Middle Kingdom some well preserved and decorated coffins are preserved. Most remarkable was in undisturbed tomb containing two skeletons and golden jewellery. A closer look at this burial revealed that one of the skeletons belonged to the person buried here, while the other one belonged to the tomb robber, who died because the roof of the tomb chamber collapsed while he was looting the mummy.

</doc>
<doc id="19410219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410219" title="Hagström H8">
Hagström H8

The Hagström H8 was the world first mass-produced 8-string bass and was produced between 1967 and 1969 for a total of 2199 units.
History.
According to Karl-Erik Hagström the idea for the eight stringed bass came from the American who visited Hagström's American retailer Unicord. Ernie Briefe, who was the head of Unicord, liked the idea and contacted Karl-Erik Hagström in Sweden and in 1966 a first prototype was built and tested both in Sweden and in America. The next year mass production of the H8 began. The H8 was based around a regular four stringed Hagström bass but all strings were doubled much like a 12 string guitar. The lighter string was placed above the standard string and tuned one octave higher than usual. This gave the H8 a unique tone which was very suitable for bass solos. In Hagström brochures the manufacturer also recommended creative tunings based around the major third, the perfect fifth and the major seventh.
The bodies of almost all of the H8s were made out of mahogany, but a few were made out of Finnish Birch, something very rare among guitar and bass manufacturers. The bass was available in Mahogany Sunburst and Cherry Red finishes. There were also a very few all white basses produced. There were a number of prototypes built for a successor to the H8 built with a 32" scale length as well as acoustic eight stringed versions of the Concord bass built but none were ever put in production. Recently the revived Hagström brand announced that they will launch a re-issue of the original Hagström H8 later this year.

</doc>
<doc id="19410220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410220" title="Leo Johnson (Brookside)">
Leo Johnson (Brookside)

Leo Johnson is a character in Channel 4 television soap opera "Brookside". He was played by Leeon Sawyer when the character arrived on the Close in March 1990 until September 1996. Then, Steven Cole took over the role from December 1996 where his character stayed until his departure in April 2001.
The Johnsons.
The Johnsons are first introduced in 1989 when Terry Sullivan asks Mick Johnson to go into partnership with him in his taxi business. Mick moves in to the Close with son Leo and Daughter Gemma in 1990 lodging with Harry Cross and then later renting their house from Harry when he moves to St Helens.
For many years the stories revolved around Mick, his brother Ellis and cousin Jerome, while Leo and Gemma only played incidental roles.
Joining the police.
In 2000 at the age of 18, Leo decided he wanted to join the police force, as Rod Corkhill had done at that age in 1987. His father Mick was proud of his sons career choice and Leo was accepted and got a place in police college in London.
Underage sex with Adele Murray.
Before leaving for police college Leo attended a party held at the Murray's. Fifteen year old Adele had fancied Leo for some time. After he witnessed his girlfriend flirting with his neighbour Jimmy Corkhill, Leo started to drink heavily and then was seduced by Adele and the two had unprotected sex. Leo regretted having done so immediately and worried that if anyone were to find out it could compromise his career in the police.
Leo started dating Adele for a while then shortly afterwards, he finished with her. When Mick found a letter to Leo from Adele, he questioned his son and that's when he discovered that Leo and Adele had sex. Mick was furious and afterwards, told Leo that he should face up to his responsibilities. After realising however that this could end his career in the police he decided the best thing was for Leo to move to London as soon as possible. Shortly afterwards Leo left.
Adele's pregnancy and termination.
Adele decided that she did not wish to continue with the pregnancy and decided to have an abortion. Her catholic stepmother was opposed to this but her father, Marty supported this idea. Mick and Marty eneded up fighting in the Close over the issue. When Mick told Leo however Leo was supportive and said he would bring-up the child and support Adele. Despite Leo's promise Adele was determined to go ahead with the abortion and went ahead and had a termination, later leaving the Close to attend the University of Leeds. Shortly afterwards Mick also left the close for London.

</doc>
<doc id="19410241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410241" title="Three Smart Boys">
Three Smart Boys

Three Smart Boys is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas.It was the 153rd "Our Gang" short (154th episode, 65th talking short, and 66th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Spanky, Alfalfa, Buckwheat, Porky, and Waldo are anxious to get out of school. They overhear the superindendant of the area schools talking with Miss Lawrence who wants to close the school for a week to attend a sister's wedding. She was initially denied stating that only an epidemic would justify closing school. So Spanky decides to stage a phony epidemic. This time, it is the measles, requiring the boys to paint blotches on their faces. The plan comes a-cropper when, while visiting the doctor (Sidney Bracey), the boys are led to believe that Buckwheat has been transformed into a monkey. Until the end of the film, Spanky thinks Buckwheat is still a monkey. That was when he found out that the superintendent changed her mind and decided to let Miss Lawrence to attend the wedding after all and the school would be closed for a week. Then Buckwheat comes out and they all learn that Buckwheat did not become a monkey.
Note.
This episode was the last of the school episodes featuring Rosina Lawrence, known as Miss Lawrence in some episodes and Miss Jones in others. It was slightly edited for perceived racism toward African Americans on the syndicated Little Rascals television package in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19410253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410253" title="Cuts Like a Knife (song)">
Cuts Like a Knife (song)

"Cuts Like a Knife" is a rock song written by Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance for Adams third studio album "Cuts Like a Knife" (1983). The second single released from the album, "Cuts Like a Knife" peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Rock Tracks chart and number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song has appeared on all of Adams' compilation albums with the exception of "The Best of Me".
Writing and recording.
In an interview in 1988 with Vancouver's "Georgia Straight" newspaper, Adams explained how Vallance and he came up with the title for the song:
"I think that I'm one of the world's best mumblers, I can mumble some of the best lyrics, but putting them together is another story. I think that's where Jim is really good -- he can piece a story together. It's just a good thing to have the tape rolling when you're recording me. The best example was when we wrote "Cuts Like A Knife," which was just literally a mumble. We looked at each other, rolled the tape back, and it sounded like "cuts like a knife," so we started singing that."
Adams and Vallance jammed on the chord progression for a while Adams sang "it cuts like a knife" over and over again. Vallance eventually responded with "but it feels so right." As Vallance described it, "There's a long tradition in pop music of songs that employ "na-na-na" choruses: "Hey Jude" by The Beatles, "Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye" by Steam, "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'" by Journey, and more recently "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" by Train. Adams and I tapped into that tradition for the out-choruses of 'Cuts Like A Knife'."
Release and reception.
"Cuts Like a Knife" was released in 1983 and became the highest-charting song from the album "Cuts Like a Knife", peaking at number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song reached the top twenty on the Canadian singles chart and remained in the top twenty for seven weeks. "Cuts Like a Knife" was Adams' highest charting single in Canada while previous single "Straight from the Heart" peaked at ten on the Hot 100. "Cuts Like a Knife" won the Procan Award (Performing Rights Organization of Canada) for Canadian radio airplay in 1983 and was nominated for a Juno Award for Single of the Year in 1984.
Stewart Mason from Allmusic said "More of an anthemic rocker than the previous power ballad hit, "Straight from the Heart," "Cuts Like a Knife" breaks absolutely no new ground lyrically or musically, but as with his previous hit, Adams here proves his worth as both a singer and songwriter."
The B-sides of the singles were tracks from his previous albums, "You Want It You Got It" and his first album, except for the France single which had "Take Me Back" from the same album.
Music video.
The music video for "Cuts Like a Knife" was directed by Irish director Steve Barron and filmed in an empty indoor swimming pool in Hollywood. The pool had been drained and out-of-use for several years. It would also be the location for Adams platinum album party.
The woman in this video is model Raquel Pena. According to her, she was chosen at the audition because "Steve Barron wanted someone with really long legs, and I wore a black bathing suit that he liked. I wore the same suit in the video. That's how low budget it was!" 

</doc>
<doc id="19410254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410254" title="New Basford railway station">
New Basford railway station

New Basford railway station was a former station in Nottingham on the Great Central Railway main line, the last main line to be built from the north of England to London. The station opened with the line on 15 March 1899.
History.
The station was one of the standard island platform design typical of the London Extension, though here it was the less common "embankment" type reached from a roadway (Haydn Road), that passed beneath the line. A short distance to the south was Sherwood Rise Tunnel.
As well as handling local train services on the Great Central line itself, it was also served by Great Northern Railway trains to Ilkeston, Derby, Uttoxeter and Stafford, on their Derbyshire and Staffordshire Extension, these trains branching off the Great Central about half a mile to the north at Bagthorpe Junction. Having running powers over this section of the Great Central line provided the Great Northern with the most direct route out of Nottingham for these trains, better than their own somewhat roundabout route via Daybrook.
Local passenger services on the Great Central line ceased on 4 March 1963 when most local stations closed, but New Basford remained open until 7 September 1964 as the former Great Northern services continued to run until then, although they had stopped operating beyond Derby Friargate railway station on 4 December 1939. Main line passenger traffic on the Great Central ceased on 5 September 1966; goods traffic to New Basford on 2 October 1967 and this section of the line closed completely on 25 March 1968.
Where New Basford station once stood is now a housing development, but the stationmaster's house still remains. 

</doc>
<doc id="19410262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410262" title="Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl">
Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl

Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl (born Dara Moskowitz) is a food and wine writer, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Personal life.
Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl was born and raised in New York City and graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1988. She got her start in the world of food as a dishwasher. She graduated from Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota 1992. She lives with her husband and two children in Minneapolis.
Writing.
Originally focusing on fiction writing, Grumdahl won two Minnesota State Arts Board grants, a fellowship from the Loft McKnight foundation, and won the Tamarack Award in 1994.
Her primary outlet for food writing from 1995 to 2008 was in the "City Pages", a Minneapolis-St. Paul alternative weekly owned by Village Voice Media. Currently she writes for "Minnesota Monthly" and is the editor in chief for the national recipe magazine "Real Food". She has been nominated for eleven James Beard Awards for both her food and wine writing and has won four times. She has also written for "Gourmet Magazine", "USA Today", "Wine & Spirits", "Bon Appetit", and "Saveur". Her writing has been included in five editions of "Best Food Writing".
"Drink This: Wine Made Simple".
In her first book on wine, Grumdahl draws on her own experience to aid the reader into better understanding their own tastes and preferences as a guide to exploring the world of wine. The book presents nine parties one can have at home with friends to discover the reader's own taste when it comes to nine major varieties of wine including Zinfandel, Sauvignon blanc, Riesling, Chardonnay, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Sangiovese, Tempranillo, and Pinot noir. The book also features some wine history and economics of the industry as well as interviews from some of the world’s most renowned critics, winemakers, and chefs, including Robert M. Parker, Jr., Paul Draper, and Thomas Keller. "Drink This: Wine Made Simple" is scheduled for release on November 24, 2009 on Ballantine Books (an imprint of Random House).

</doc>
<doc id="19410263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410263" title="Bulwell Common railway station">
Bulwell Common railway station

Bulwell Common railway station was a former station in Nottingham on the Great Central Railway main line, the last main line to be built from the north of England to London. The station opened with the line on 15 March 1899.
History.
The station was the fourth to serve the northern Nottingham suburb of Bulwell, directly or indirectly, following the Midland Railway (later LMS) station later known as Bulwell Market on their line from Nottingham to Mansfield and Worksop, the Great Northern Railway (later LNER) station called Bulwell Forest on their own route up the Leen Valley and on up to Shirebrook, and that same company's Basford and Bulwell station (later renamed Basford North), on their Derbyshire and Staffordshire Extension to Ilkeston, Derby, Uttoxeter and Stafford. The choice of "Bulwell Common" as the name for the Great Central station is something of a puzzle, as Nottingham City Council have no record of any common land ever having been designated in the Bulwell area.
The station was one of the standard island platform design typical of the London Extension, and here it was the more common "cutting" type reached from a roadway (St. Albans Road), that crossed over the line. Just to the south, a west-to-north connecting curve from the GNR's Basford and Bulwell station joined the GCR at Bulwell South Junction, while to the north, a connecting spur to the GNR's Leen Valley line branched off north-eastwards at Bulwell North Junction; further north still was the lengthy Bulwell Viaduct which crossed over the Midland line and spanned the Leen Valley, while a short distance to the north of this was a fifth station to bear the name Bulwell - the relatively short-lived Bulwell Hall Halt.
Bulwell Common station was closed to passengers and goods on 4 March 1963, the line itself on 5 September 1966 to passengers and completely on 25 March 1968. Where the station once stood is now a housing development, but the stationmaster's house remains.

</doc>
<doc id="19410290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410290" title="Rushin' Ballet">
Rushin' Ballet

"Rushin' Ballet" is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 154th "Our Gang" short (155th episode, 66th talking short, and 67th talking episode) that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19410291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410291" title="Five the Hard Way (Prison Break)">
Five the Hard Way (Prison Break)

"Five the Hard Way" is the 64th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on October 6, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.
Plot.
The episode starts with T-Bag coming to his senses, tied up in a chair. Gretchen, his captor, asks T-Bag what he knows about Scylla. She proceeds to cut his good arm several times before T-Bag asks how he could be of service to her.
At the warehouse the team finds out that the next card holder is in Las Vegas, Nevada. Lincoln, Sucre, Roland, and Sara proceed to Las Vegas. The foursome tails the card holder in a casino to copy his card. Meanwhile, Sara becomes shaken when she learns from Lincoln that Michael may have a brain aneurysm and could die soon like his mother did. Roland's device fails to pick up any signal, and Lincoln deduces that the card holder is keeping his card in his room. At an outdoor swimming pool, Sara is wearing a string bikini with a transparent dress over it and is sent to hit up the card holder by faking that she was on a stagette party and her friends dared her to get a photo in a whale room. However, the card holder refuses and leaves. The bartender tells her that she "isn't his type" and that the card holder asked if he "liked to party." This leads to the team using Sucre instead, who accepts very reluctantly.
Back in Los Angeles T-Bag's assistant calls Bellick and tells the team that she wants to help and wants money. At the meeting, however, Michael, Mahone, and Bellick walk into a trap created by T-Bag. T-Bag has the girl tie up Bellick, Michael, and Mahone, but Mahone makes a run for it and calls Agent Self.
T-Bag forces Michael to help him decode Whistler's bird book by threatening the life of his assistant with a gun until Michael agrees. Gretchen, staying out of view in another room, notices Bellick has an ankle monitor and tells T-Bag they have to get them off. Michael arranges the pages from the book into a blueprint of the GATE office but secretly hides a page under the table. 
In Las Vegas Sucre is seen walking to the pool deck, removing his shirt, and sitting down with a beer beside the card holder. Sucre is invited by the card holder to his room for a better drink. Once inside the room, Sucre secretly copies the fifth card while discovering that Scuderi's aim was to find a one-time bedmate for his wife and not for himself; this due to impotency caused by a Vietnam War wound in Hue City. Sucre then returns after a long time to the hotel room and tells them that the download was successful. Roland is then asking what happened, and Sucre answers, "It stays in Vegas," while Sucre give Roland the device.
Mahone, with a GPS and a gun, breaks into the house where Michael and Bellick are supposedly held but only finds the ankle monitors. Mahone notices a paper crane, which is a page with the word GATE. Meanwhile, T-Bag, Gretchen, and their captives arrive at a new hiding spot, where Gretchen lures a GATE employee and kills him for snooping around. At GATE T-Bag takes Michael to the 8 x 10 closet in his old office, where he uses a screwdriver to remove the carpet and the floor tiles, revealing a metal trap door.
As Lincoln and his team are leaving the casino, Roland trails behind and uses the slot machines while holding the device, which allows him to hit jackpot many times. Unfortunately, this is noticed by the casino employees. The casino security confiscates the device (despite Roland telling him it's a battery pack) and kicks him out, much to the team's annoyance. Roland does say that he can make another device in a month.
After opening the trap door, Michael and T-Bag descend a ladder and arrive at a small underground hallway. Michael states that he is no longer helping T-Bag when Mahone jumps out and knocks out T-Bag. Mahone and Michael then throw T-Bag into a cell and leave him there yelling. Walking out from GATE, Mahone, Self, and Michael hear a cell phone nearby. Michael answers the call and realizes that it is Gretchen, still alive and involved.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 9.2 saying that the episode "is a fine example of what can be done with this new series format". IGN also gave the episode the Editor's choice award.

</doc>
<doc id="19410296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410296" title="Uncial 082">
Uncial 082

Uncial 082 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) α 1024 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, assigned palaeographically to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Epistle to the Ephesians 4:2-18 on one parchment leaf. The text is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page. Original size of the leaves is unknown, because it was cut to reinforce a binding. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed in Category III. 
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Constantin von Tischendorf saw this leaf in 1868 in Moscow. It was examined by Kurt Treu in 1966 and Pasquale Orsini in 2005.
The codex now is located in State Historical Museum (V. 108) in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19410326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410326" title="Bulwell Forest railway station">
Bulwell Forest railway station

Bulwell Forest railway station was a former station in Nottingham on the Great Northern Railway Nottingham to Shirebrook line.

</doc>
<doc id="19410328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410328" title="1965 ABC Championship">
1965 ABC Championship

The 1965 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19410341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410341" title="Lake Fenton (Michigan)">
Lake Fenton (Michigan)

Lake Fenton is a lake in Fenton Charter Township, Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The census-designated place Lake Fenton is named for the lake, which was also known as Long Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19410350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410350" title="Bestwood Colliery railway station">
Bestwood Colliery railway station

Bestwood Colliery railway station was a former station on the Great Northern Railway Nottingham to Shirebrook line.

</doc>
<doc id="19410351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410351" title="List of residents of 10 Downing Street">
List of residents of 10 Downing Street

Number 10 Downing Street is the residence and office of the First Lord of the Treasury and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The headquarters of Her Majesty's Government, it is situated on Downing Street in the City of Westminster in London, England.
Number 10 was originally three houses: a stately mansion overlooking St. James's Park called "the house at the back" built around 1530, a modest townhouse behind it located at 10 Downing Street and a small cottage next to Number 10. The townhouse, from which the modern building gets its name, was one of several built by Sir George Downing between 1682 and 1684.
Below is a list of the residents of Number 10 and the House at the Back from 1650 to the present.
Residents of Number 10 Downing Street and The House at the Back (1650-present).
Prime Ministers are indicated in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19410352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410352" title="Arboretum du Chêne-Vert">
Arboretum du Chêne-Vert

The Arboretum du Chêne-Vert (3 hectares) is a private arboretum located just off the Route de Limoges in Chabanais, Charente, Poitou-Charentes, France. It is open daily by appointment; an admission fee is charged.
The arboretum was established in 1977 beside the Vienne River, with most landscaping and development taking place since 1985. It currently contains more than 2500 species of trees, shrubs and perennials, including birches (40 varieties), pines (60), magnolias (40), maples (102), oaks (60), as well as hybrid roses (75 varieties), lonicera (60), and cornus (40). Plantings also include good collections of Hamamelidaceae, Styracaceae, and Stewartia, as well as herbs, ferns, bulbs, and flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19410369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410369" title="BL 9.2 inch gun Mk IX–X">
BL 9.2 inch gun Mk IX–X

The BL 9.2 inch guns Mk IX and Mk X were British 46.7 calibres naval and coast defence guns in service from 1899 to the 1950s. They had possibly the longest, most varied and successful service history of any British heavy ordnance.
History.
These guns succeeded the 9.2 inch Mk VIII and increased the bore length from 40 to 46.7 calibres, increasing the muzzle velocity from to .
Mk IX was designed as a coast defence gun, with a three-motion breech. Only fourteen were built and the Mk X, introduced in 1900, incorporated a single-motion breech and changed rifling, succeeded them. As coastal artillery, the Mk X remained in service in Britain until 1956, and in Portugal until 1998. Two-hundred and eighty-two of the Mark X version were built by Vickers, of which twenty-eight examples are known to survive today, all except one fitted on barbette mounts. One in Cape Town is on a disappearing mount.
The 9.2 inch Mk XI gun introduced in 1908 increased the bore length to 50 calibres in an attempt to increase the velocity still further, but proved unsuccessful in service and was phased out by 1920. Mk X was hence the final Mark of 9.2 inch guns in British Commonwealth service.
Design.
These were medium-velocity wire-wound guns with Welin interrupted screw breeches.
Naval service.
Royal Navy.
Mark X guns were mounted on :
Greek Navy.
4 guns of 45 calibres (414 inches) bore produced by Elswick Ordnance Company were mounted in 2 twin turrets on the Greek cruiser "Georgios Averof" in 1910, instead of the 10-inch guns mounted on her sisters of the "Pisa"-class in Italian service. These were similar to the 4 Vickers 45-calibre export model guns used by Britain as railway artillery on the Western Front in World War I under the designation BL 9.2 inch gun Mark XIV. They fired the same 380-pound shell using the same 120-pound cordite charge as the British service Mk X gun, and it may be assumed that its performance was very similar.
British coastal deployments.
These were 'counter-bombardment' guns designed to defeat ships up to heavy cruisers armed with 8-inch guns. They were deployed in the fixed defences of major defended ports throughout the British Empire until the 1950s.
Their role was to defeat enemy ships attacking the ships in a port, including warships, alongside or at anchor in the port. However, where guns covered narrows, such as the Dover Straits, the Straits of Gibraltar, or "the Narrows" of Bermuda, they also had a wider role of engaging enemy ships passing through the straits. Normally deployed in batteries of two or three guns, a few major port had several batteries positioned miles apart.
There were several marks of mountings and a battery had extensive underground facilities in addition to the guns visible in their individual gun-pits. Together with the 6-inch Mk VII, they provided the main heavy gun defence of the United Kingdom in World War I. 3 Mk IX and 53 Mk X guns were in place as at April 1918.
Mounting.
The Mounting Barbette Mark V (the original mounting with Mark IX and X guns) gave a maximum elevation of 15 degrees, and maximum range of 21,000 yards. This and some modified to Mark VI (30 degrees and 29,500 yards) were manually powered, the projectile and propelling charge were manually hoisted to loading level, the projectile manually loaded and rammed, and traverse and elevation were by handwheels. There was an elevated platform around the breach area for the gun detachment commander (No 1) and some detachment members, and a gun shield to the front. The ordnance and mounting together weighed some 125 tons, they were well balanced and the handwheels needed very little effort to move the gun.
However, the Mark VII mounting appeared in the 1930s and in 1939 a simplified version, Mark IX. Both were hydraulically powered and the platform was enclosed in a roofed gun house with three sides (and rear with Mark IX). The hydraulics meant that both projectile and propelling charge could be hoisted in a single load. With Mark VII and IX the maximum elevation was increased to 35 degrees to give a maximum range of 36,700 yards.
Installation.
Each gun mounting was installed on a central cast-steel pedestal in an open concrete gunpit 35 feet in diameter and 11 feet deep. The gun and mounting weighed 125 tons. A very narrow gauge rail track was embedded around the gunpit floor. A trolley was manhandled around the track between the two ammunition lifts (one for projectiles, one for propelling charges) and the rear of the gun (this position varied depending on where the gun was pointed).
Below the gun pit were the separate ammunition bunkers for projectiles and shells with direct access to the ammunition lifts. These bunkers had an access road leading to them for ammunition re-supply. The guns presented only a very small target above ground level, guns and gunpits were camouflaged.
Organisation.
Two or three guns comprised a named battery position with the guns manned by a Heavy Battery. For example in 1940 Madalena and Bijemma Batteries, both with 9.2 in Malta were manned by 6 Heavy Battery RA of 4 Heavy Regiment RA.
Increasing range led to new centralised control arrangements. Fortress observation posts, equipped with rangefinders and directors were sited 4000 – 10,000 yards apart to give observation of all the sea area within range. They reported enemy ship bearings and distances to the ‘Fortress Plotting Centre’ (FPC) where the attackers' positions and courses were plotted, converted to coordinates and then assigned as targets to batteries by the fire commander. The details were telephoned to batteries. The battery plotting room used a Coordinate Converter to turn the coordinates into bearings and elevations and transmitted them to the guns where pointers were matched by changing the guns’ traverse and elevations. 
The Observers also reported fall of shot relative to the targets, the FPC used an Encoder to convert these into a Clock Code, which the battery converted to its Left/Right, Add/Drop corrections. Various types of radars integrated into the fire command soon became widespread in WW2 and enabled effective night engagements.
Deployments.
The following table summarises the deployment of 9.2 inch guns. It is possible that some 1914 guns were still the older Marks. * indicates deployment was not completed until after 1940. A third Canadian battery was not completed until after World War II. The three guns in Bermuda remained in battery through the Second World War (and are still in situ), but were not actively utilised.
Portugal has several surviving examples, with live firings as recently as December 10, 1998. The Portuguese refer to these guns as 23.4 cm guns, made by Vickers.
Deployment on railway trucks.
In 1916 Elswick adapted a small number of Mk X guns, 2 Mk X variants originally intended for coast defence in Australia, and 4 45-calibre Vickers export guns (under the designation 9.2 inch gun Mk XIV) and mounted them on Mk 3 railway truck mountings for service on the Western Front in France and Belgium.
Belgian coast.
From 1917 several Mk X guns were deployed ashore on the section of the Belgian coast still held by the Allies, near Nieuport. They were part of the "Royal Naval Siege Guns" under the command of Admiral Sir Reginald Bacon, and were used for attacking German heavy gun batteries.
Other deployments.
In the 1950s, Canadian guns were transferred under NATO auspices, to Portugal (Azores) and Turkey. It is unclear if any UK guns were also transferred.
Surviving examples.
Click on the coordinate links in the following list to view map location and/or satellite image.
There are ten guns in the surrounds of Cape Town, South Africa :
Near Simonstown three 9.2 inch guns in the Scala Battery :
Above Llandudno three 9.2 inch guns in the Apostle Battery :
On Robben Island three 9.2 inch guns in the De Waal Battery :
Near central Cape Town one 9.2 inch gun in a unique “disappearing mount” in Fort Wynyard :
On the Durban Bluff, South Africa, three 9.2 inch guns in the Da Gama Battery :
On Rottnest Island, off Fremantle, Western Australia two 9.2 inch guns in the Oliver Hill Battery :
In Portugal's Bateria da Raposa, near Fonte da Telha, three 9.2 inch guns in good condition :
In Portugal one 9.2 inch gun of the original three of the Alcabideche battery, near Cascais is preserved in place in the grounds of the new Cascais Hospital :
On the Rock of Gibraltar, three 9.2 inch guns :
In Burmuda, two guns survive on St. David's Island, on Mark V Barbette mounts, at St. David's Battery, overlooking the Narrows Channel that leads to St. George's Harbour, in Bermuda, as well as to the Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda, the Great Sound, Hamilton Harbour, and Murray's Anchorage. The battery forms part of Great Head Park, and there is public access. A third at Fort Victoria, on St. George's Island, is being relocated to the Bermuda Maritime Museum at the Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda to make way for a hotel development.:
The official opening of the restored De Waal Battery on Robben Island, near Cape Town, South Africa, took place on 4 March 2011. The ceremony involved the unveiling and demonstration of the No 3 Gun of the battery of three "Ordnance BL 9.2in Coast Defence Guns". The gun in question, an "Ordnance BL 9.2in Coast Defence Gun on a Mk VII mounting", has been restored as a moving display, with all the hydraulics working, enabling the turret to be fully traversed through 360°, the gun being elevated to 25° and the loading/ramming mechanism fully operational. Of the original ninety-eight 9.2 inch guns that did service worldwide during WWII, only about twenty-eight remain. Of these twenty-eight, twelve are in South Africa, the De Waal Battery No. 3 gun being the only gun in the world that has been restored as a moving display. Plans are afoot to restore the nearby Scala Battery at Simon's Town as a static display.
On Western Australia's Rottnest Island the H1 gun and associated underground resources is open to visitors as a static display.
On 10 December 1998 the Portuguese Coast Artillery, fired the last shots from the 6th Battery of their "Fonte da Telha" 9.2 inch (23.4 cm) guns. The fate of the several Coast Artillery Regiment batteries and their weapons has not yet been determined, but it is known that it is the intent of the Army to conserve one future Museum of Coast Artillery.
British ammunition up to World War I.
Shells up to and including World War I were not streamlined, typically having fairly blunt noses of 2 C.R.H..
British World War II ammunition.
World War II ammunition was somewhat streamlined, typically with ballistic caps of 4 or 5/10 C.R.H., but still retained square bases rather than the tapered type base typical of projectiles for more modern guns in use in World War II. "Super" charges of 124 pounds cordite SC 205 were available, which boosted the muzzle velocity to 

</doc>
<doc id="19410377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410377" title="Butler's Hill railway station">
Butler's Hill railway station

Butler's Hill railway station was a former station on the Great Northern Railway's Nottingham to Shirebrook line.

</doc>
<doc id="19410386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410386" title="Roamin' Holiday">
Roamin' Holiday

"Roamin' Holiday" is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 155th "Our Gang" short (156th episode, 67th talking short, and 68th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Upset at being forced to do the household chores all weekend long (and the threat of taking dancing lessons), Spanky, Alfalfa, Buckwheat, and Porky decide to run away from home. Taking a breather in the tiny village of Jenksville, the boys manage to cadge a meal from kindly storekeeper Mrs. Jenks. But when she finds out that the kids are runaways, she passes this information along to her husband, Constable Hi Jenks, who jovially decides to teach the boys a lesson. Pretending to arrest the four youngsters, Constable Jenks dresses them in convict stripes and forces them to work on the rockpile, figuring that after an hour or so they'll be glad to return home. But an unanticipated swarm of bees brings this little morality play to a sudden and painful conclusion for all concerned.

</doc>
<doc id="19410387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410387" title="Matty Nolan">
Matty Nolan

Matty Nolan is a character in "Brookside" portrated by Tony Scoggo between 1982 and 1992.
Friend of Bobby Grant.
Matty was a longtime friend of Bobby Grant and the two worked together at Fairbanks Engineering. The two fell out in 1982 when Bobby refused to misuse his influence as shop steward to get Matty out of a disciplinary hearing.
Affair.
In 1986 Matty Nolan began an affair. Sheila Grant found out and was troubled by this and her staunch Catholic views. Sheila later told Theresa about their affair, leading to a bitterness between the two which Bobby was completely oblivious of. Damon became concerned by the way Matty was behaving towards his mother and ordered Matty from the Grant house.
Accusations of rape.
Sheila is having a drink in The Swan with her lecturer Alun when he makes a pass at her and tells her to leave Bobby. Sheila refuses but Alun will not accept her answer. At that point an intoxicated Matty enters the pub and accuses Sheila of destroying his marriage and seeing them together accuses her of being a hypocrite. Sheila then leaves in a taxi but Matty forces his way in and argues with her. Sheila later gets out of the taxi and sets off walking home at which point Matty tells the taxi driver he can not pay and alights further up the road.
Sheila is then dragged into the bushes and raped. At this time a drunken Pat Hancock is arrested and becomes the main suspect. Matty and Alun also become suspects. It is later revealed that the taxi driver raped Sheila.
Theresa's suicide.
Although eventually cleared of rape, during the accusation his recently estranged wife Theresa committed suicide.
Father to Barry.
In 1988 it was revealed when Bobby and Sheila separated that Matty was in fact father to their eldest son Barry Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="19410388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410388" title="Gérard Dionne">
Gérard Dionne

Gérard Dionne (born June 19, 1919) is a Canadian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and one of oldest Roman Catholic Bishops of Canada.
Dionne was born in Saint-Basile, New Brunswick and ordained a priest in Edmundston on May 1, 1948. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Sault Sainte Marie, Ontario as well as Titular bishop of Garba on January 29, 1975 and ordained a Bishop on April 8, 1975. 
On November 26, 1983 he was appointed bishop of the Edmundston Diocese (installed on January 29, 1984) where he remained until his resignation on October 20, 1993.
In November 2009 a Canadian judge determined that Dionne thwarted a 1983 police investigation into child abuse allegations surrounding Father Bernard Cloutier.

</doc>
<doc id="19410401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410401" title="Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2007">
Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2007

The Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards was first announced in May 2007. It is the first ever Kids' Choice Awards for the UK Nickelodeon. The show was hosted at ExCeL Exhibition Centre, London which took place 20 October 2007 and was presented by pop band McFly.
The Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards is very similar to the Australian and American versions, kids get to vote by clicking on the Nickelodeon website. People who vote on the website have chances to get tickets to see the live show in London. Also, another competition was held about "Nickelodeons Big Green Thing"; people who went online and did what the commercial told them to do could win a family ticket for 4 to the KCA's.
Nominees.
Best Sportsperson.
(Even though after they announced Beckham as the winner, John Cena would not accept it and McFly awarded him the 'Most Injured Wrestler' award).

</doc>
<doc id="19410415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410415" title="Lelystad Centrum railway station">
Lelystad Centrum railway station

Lelystad Centrum is a railway station in the town of Lelystad, Flevoland, Netherlands. The station lies on the Flevolijn and Hanzelijn and the train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was opened on 28 May 1988 after the extension from Almere Buiten was completed. The station was doubled in size to 4 platforms to accommodate the increase in trains following the opening of the Hanzelijn on 9 December 2012.
Train services.
The following train services call at Lelystad Centrum:

</doc>
<doc id="19410423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410423" title="Alan Partridge (Brookside)">
Alan Partridge (Brookside)

Alan Partridge is a fictional character in Channel 4 soap Brookside. He was portrayed by Dicken Ashworth from 1983 until 1984. He was the first resident to live at No. 6 (the bungalow).
Background.
Alan was introduced as a computer expert, which represented for producer Phil Redmond the 'micro-electronic technical revolution' of the early 1980s. At the time he moved in he had a long-term partner, Samantha (Sam, played by Dinah May) who lived elsewhere.
Introduction.
Alan turned up on the close on 5 April 1983; one day before he moves in and measures the outside of his house by striding around much the amusement of neighbours Paul, Annabelle, Roger and Petra.
Relationships.
While other families in Brookside were bringing more socially-observant stories regarding employment, trade-unionism, the black market and other issues of the Zeitgeist, the stories involving Alan principally related to his love-life. After moving onto Brookside Close, he asked his partner Sam to marry him; while she refused his offer, she did agree to live with him.
Later Sam asked Alan to marry her; however, when the day came, she jilted him and left for Los Angeles. Alan then got together with his former partner Liz. After Alan got into trouble for plagiarism after helping Gordon Collins sell one of his computer programmes, he realised Liz was behind it and threw her out. In revenge for this, Liz arranged for Alan to be attacked and he was viciously assaulted.
When Sam returned from Los Angeles, she and Alan got back together. They married on 17 July 1984, being the first 'Brookside wedding' nearly two years into the soap.
After marrying, they left and moved to Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="19410427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410427" title="Gary Parr">
Gary Parr

Gary W. Parr is a vice chairman of Lazard. He is an investment banker who has focused on the financial services industry for more than 30 years. Since 2009, he has also been chairman of the New York Philharmonic. 
Career.
Parr began his career at First Boston Corp., where he worked on insurance industry mergers. In 1988 he was part of a group that formed the advisory firm Wasserstein Perella, co-founded by Bruce Wasserstein and Joseph Perella. In 1993, he moved to Morgan Stanley, where his roles included heading the global financial institutions group and co-heading the global M&A division. He joined Lazard in 2003. 
He has advised clients on many of the largest mergers and acquisitions and strategic investments in the financial services industry, including: the sale of Lehman’s North American investment banking business to Barclays; the sale of Bear Stearns to JP Morgan; Mitsubishi UFJ’s investment in Morgan Stanley; Kuwait’s investment in Citigroup; China Investment Corp.’s investment in Morgan Stanley; the merger of Bank of New York and Mellon; the sale of Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette to Credit Suisse First Boston; Dean Witter Discover’s merger with Morgan Stanley; and Berkshire Hathaway’s acquisition of GEICO. 
Personal.
Parr is from Charlotte, North Carolina. He graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1979 with honors, Phi Beta Kappa and Beta Gamma Sigma, and received an MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. 
He established the Parr Center for Ethics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2004. In 2013 he was awarded the Distinguished Alumnus Award from the University of North Carolina. 
In addition to his role as chairman of the New York Philharmonic, Parr has served on a variety of not-for-profit organizations. He also served on the Board of the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Parr is said to enjoy architectural renovation projects, and has restored an historic property in Tuxedo Park, New York. 

</doc>
<doc id="19410431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410431" title="Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz">
Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz

Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz (11 August 1924, Lima – 21 August 2010, Buenos Aires) was a Peruvian journalist, commentator and radio host, who spent most of his professional career in Argentina.
Life and work.
Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz was born in Lima, Peru, to Lorenzo Guerrero, the son of mestizo-West Indian parents. Politically active during his secondary school studies, Guerrero was forced to go into hiding for a time in 1941; that year, however, he had found his calling in radio broadcasting, and soon became one of Lima's most recognizable radio voices, hosting a news and commentary program on "Radio Programas del Perú".
Guerrero Marthineitz left Lima for Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1955, and later settled in neighboring Montevideo, Uruguay. He returned to Buenos Aires, at the time the World's leading center of Spanish-language broadcasting, in 1964. His successful career in Lima quickly opened doors for him in Argentine radio and he soon hosted "El show del minuto" ("The Show of the Minute"), centering around literary reviews and talk. The show's success earned him his first television show, "Séptima noche" ("Seventh Night"). Enjoying high ratings, a 1967 interview with writer Dalmiro Sáenz resulted in its termination when the outspoken philosopher openly praised Fidel Castro. The same dictatorship that had "Séptima noche" pulled, ordered the suspension of "El show del minuto" in 1970. Guerrero Marthineitz was, however, soon given a prime-time news and commentary program in Buenos Aires' "Radio Belgrano", then among the city's premiere stations. He brought the hitherto declining "Radio Belgrano" record ratings, even after the advent of Argentina's repressive last dictatorship in 1976. His program combined interviews, debate and commentary, as well as his thorough reviews of the day's music, theatre and film. He received a KONEX Award (Argentine broadcasting's highest honor) for his program in 1981.
Guerrero Marthineitz was placed under active surveillance by the military regime and he avoided provocations during his popular programs, preferring instead to leave audiences with subtle asides hinting at the day's climate of fear. His show began to decline in popularity following Argentina's return to democracy in 1983, in part owing to the sudden explosion of variety in local programming. In a bid to rescue falling ratings, he signed a television contract to host "A solas" ("Solo Encounter"); but his no-frills format helped lead to low ratings and the show's cancellation. His career declined steadily afterwards, particularly after a 1992 altercation he involved himself in when television talk show host Mauro Viale baited Guerrero Marthineitz regarding his half-Jewish background, to which he replied: "I need no lectures from you, Mr. Goldfarb" (referring to Viale's real Jewish surname).
He returned to a television talk show format with his "Reencuentro a solas" ("Solo Re-encounter") in 1996, a promising return derailed by his increasing irascibility. A dispute with Mirtha Legrand (arguably the most influential woman in Argentine television) and musician José Larralde led to the show's closure that October. Returning to radio, he hosted "Guerrero de noche" ("Guerrero at Night") on "Radio del Plata"; but, in 1998, the evening program was canceled. The following year, his wife filed for divorce and Guerrero Marthineitz, a long-time smoker, was diagnosed with bladder cancer. The renowned radio host seriously considered returning to his family property in Lima when, in late 2000, he was offered a co-hosting position by popular Buenos Aires television personality Samuel Gelblung ("Chiche"). The show, "Edición Chiche" ("Chiche's Edition"), saw its ratings soar.
His health recovered, Guerrero Marthineitz returned to his classic "Encuentro a solas." He retired from regular broadcasting in 2006, though he returned to the medium amid personal financial problems in 2009 with Radio Rivadavia's "Ahí donde está el silencio", and at the kindness of an erstwhile foe, Mauro Viale. Guerrero continued to host cultural events. His precise, unhurried speech, his carefully timed laughter and silences, attention to detail and intimate narrations recall literary readings (which he still hosted), rather than radio or television programs and made Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz, an immigrant with an unmistakable accent, one of the most influential radio personalities in Argentina.
Death.
Both Guerrero Marthineitz's finances and health deteriorated quickly during 2009 and 2010, when a dearth in radio contracts and his inability to collect back pay resulted in his becoming homeless. Among those the noted emcee alleged to have owed him thousands of pesos were the government of San Luis Province and Mauro Viale, with whom Guerrero was reportedly engaged in a fistfight shortly after his May 2010 eviction. Guerrero was taken to a Buenos Aires psychiatric clinic in July, and died there in August of cardiac arrest at age 86.

</doc>
<doc id="19410436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410436" title="Night 'n' Gales">
Night 'n' Gales

"Night 'n' Gales" is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 156th "Our Gang" short (157th episode, 68th talking short, and 69th talking episode that was released.
Plot.
Though he would rather spend his evening in peace and quiet, Mr. Hood (Johnny Arthur) is forced to endure the offkey harmonizing of "The Four Nightengales", a junior singing aggregation composed of Spanky, Alfalfa, Buckwheat and Porky.
After interminable choruses of "Home! Sweet Home!", the four boys are finally ready to leave, but are forced to stay in the Hood home due to a sudden thunderstorm. Both Darla and her mother are delighted, but Mr. Hood is dismayed, especially when he is told that he must share his bed with the Four Nightengales. Driven crazy by the boys' unintentionally disruptive shenanigans, Mr. Hood escapes to the living room and tries to sleep on the couch, covering himself with a bear rug to keep warm. Naturally, the gang mistake him for a real bear, and comic chaos ensues.
Notes.
Comedian Johnny Arthur, who played Spanky McFarland's absent-minded father in "Anniversary Trouble", returns as Darla's father in "Night 'n' Gales". He was so popular with audiences that he played Darla's father once again in "Feed 'em and Weep".

</doc>
<doc id="19410442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410442" title="2008 Thailand Open – Doubles">
2008 Thailand Open – Doubles

Sanchai Ratiwatana and Sonchat Ratiwatana were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut.
Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes won in the final 6–4, 7–6(7–4), against Scott Lipsky and David Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="19410447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410447" title="Lance Powell">
Lance Powell

Lance Powell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410449" title="Slate operations on the WHR">
Slate operations on the WHR

The original Welsh Highland Railway (WHR) owed its existence to the narrow gauge railways and tramways built to serve commercial slate traffic from slate quarries and other mineral extraction operations along its route.
During the first world war as well as slate other materials such as timber were carried by the NWNGR from the Beddgelert Forest extension, one of the more recent proposals for the re-opened WHR is to again carry timber from the Forestry Commission operation in Beddgelert Forest where the line runs through.
Tramways and railways serving the slate industry.
Croesor Tramway.
The Croesor Tramway was built to take slate traffic from the Croesor and New Rhosydd quarries/mines. The Croesor tramway had run from Portmadoc since 1863 up into the Croesor Valley and the slate quarries in this area. This was a horse worked line laid to a nominal 2 foot gauge. The section of WHR track due for re-opening in 2009 between Pont Croesor and Porthmadog follows the original trackbed of the tramway.
North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways.
The main line of the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways was built to serve the following quarries:
The railway was then extended by a branch from Tryfan Junction to connect with the Hafod-y-Wern quarry branch and Glanrafon where there sidings.

</doc>
<doc id="19410459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410459" title="Jesper Juul">
Jesper Juul

Jesper Juul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410483" title="Super League XIV">
Super League XIV

The 2009 Super League season (known as the Engage Super League XIV for sponsorship reasons) is the fourteenth season of rugby league since the Super League format was introduced in 1996. Fourteen teams competed for the Minor Premiership over 27 rounds (including the Magic Weekend at Murrayfield Stadium) after which, the highest finishing teams entered the play-offs to compete for a place in the Grand Final and a chance to win the Super League Trophy. The previous Top six play-offs are extended to eight teams.
Salford City Reds and Crusaders join the twelve teams from Super League XIII, following the implementation of a licensing system. Additionally, it was the Crusaders' first ever Super League season. The Catalans Dragons played at least one game in Barcelona, Spain, to try to expand their fan base in Catalonia region.
The season officially kicked off on 6 February, at 20:00 GMT, with a Leeds Rhinos defeat of the Celtic Crusaders. It came to a conclusion with Leeds Rhinos beating St. Helens in the Super League Grand Final on 10 October. All clubs also participated in the 2009 Challenge Cup tournament.
Teams.
Super League XIV saw the introduction of a licensed Super League. Under this new system, promotion and relegation between Super League and National League One was abolished, and 14 teams were granted licenses subject to certain criteria. All twelve teams from Super League XIII were given places, as well as former Super League team Salford City Reds and Crusaders, for whom it was their début season in top-flight European rugby league.
Geographically, the vast majority of teams in Super League are based in the north of England, four teams – Warrington, St Helens, Salford and Wigan – to the west of the Pennines in Cheshire, Greater Manchester and Merseyside, and seven teams to the east in Yorkshire – Huddersfield, Bradford, Wakefield, Leeds, Castleford, Hull and Hull KR. Catalans Dragons are the only team outside of the United Kingdom, Crusaders are the only team in Wales, and Harlequins are the only team to be based in a capital city (London).
Rule changes.
Changes to the play-off system:
Play-offs.
The play-offs commence following the conclusion of 27 round regular season and involve the eight sides finishing highest. The play-offs open on Friday 18 September, with the Week 1 fixtures being completed over the weekend.
A media conference is scheduled for Sunday 27 September following the conclusion of Week 2's preliminary semi-finals the day before. During the conference the highest ranked winning team from the qualifying play-offs in Week 1 will in announce which team they have chosen to play in Week 3, the next week.
The play-offs will conclude with the 2009 Super League Grand Final on 10 October.
Club Statistics.
Source: "superleague.co.uk".
Awards.
Awards were presented for outstanding contributions and efforts to players and clubs:
Disciplinary record.
The following table lists all incidents that were reviewed by the Rugby Football League during Super League XIV, which were later deemed "guilty" and resulted in disciplinary action. The offenses were graded, depending on severity, in alphabetical order, "A" being less severe than "B".
Operational rules.
Salary cap:
The 'club trained player rule' entered its second year and made a planned adjustment:
Media.
Television.
2009 was the first of a new three-year broadcasting agreement between the RFL and BSkyB for Sky Sports to screen matches exclusively live within the United Kingdom. The deal for the 2009, 2010 and 2011 season was worth in excess of £50 million, with media speculation that each Super League club would receive £0.9-£1.2 million in 2009.
Sky Sports' continued coverage in the UK sees two live matches broadcast each week - one on Friday Night at 7:30pm and another at 6pm on Saturdays. Regular commentators are Eddie Hemmings and Mike Stephenson with summarisers including Phil Clarke, Barrie McDermott and Terry O'Connor. Highlights are shown on Boots N' All which is shown on Sky Sports and is rebroadcast on the Internet.
BBC Sport broadcast a highlights programme called the Super League Show, usually presented by Harry Gration. The BBC have elected to broadcast this only to the North West, Yorkshire & North Midlands, North East & Cumbria, and East Yorkshire & Lincolnshire regions on a Sunday. A national repeat is broadcast overnight during the week, the BBC Director of Sport, Richard Moseley, commented that this move was in response to the growing popularity and awareness of the sport, and the large number of requests from people who want to watch it elsewhere in the UK. End of season play-offs are shown across the whole country in a highlights package. Super League Show is available for streaming or downloaded using the BBC iPlayer in the UK.
Orange Sport TV in France shows every Catalans Dragons home match live and also some other matches which are broadcast in the UK live on Sky.
Internationally Super League is shown live on Showtime Sports (Middle East), Sky Sport (New Zealand), NTV+ (Russia), SportKlub (Eastern Europe) and Setanta Sports (USA and Canada) show Super League matches live or delayed each week.
2009 was the first of a three-year deal in which the Nine Network in Australia will show up to 70 live games from Super League over the season.
Radio.
Super League XIV is covered extensively by BBC Local Radio:
The competition is also covered on commercial radio coverage:
All Super League commentaries on any station are available via the particular stations on-line streaming.
Internet.
ESPN360 has worldwide broadband rights.
Starting from Thursday 9 April 2009, all of the matches shown on Sky Sports will also be available live online via Livestation everywhere in the world excluding the US, Puerto Rico, UK, Ireland, France, Monaco, Australia and New Zealand. List of Super League games available on Livestation.com
In the United Kingdom, BBC London 94.9, BBC Radio Wales and Radio Warrington cover Harlequins, Celtic Crusaders (home games) and Warrington (home games) respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19410500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410500" title="Yevgeny Malinin">
Yevgeny Malinin

Yevgeny Malinin (November 8, 1930April 6, 2001) was a Russian pianist. 
Malinin was born in Moscow. A disciple of Heinrich Neuhaus, he began his career while a student at the Moscow Conservatory. In 1949 he won (ex-aequo with his fellow student Tamara Guseva) the International Youth and Students Festival in Budapest, and was awarded the 7th prize at the IV International Chopin Piano Competition; four years later he tied with Philippe Entremont for the 2nd prize at the Long-Thibaud Competition. He graduated in 1954, and served as Neuhaus's assistant for three years.
Malinin was active as a concert pianist mainly in the USSR area, but also performed in Japan, USA, Great Britain, Spain and France, where he settled as a pedagogue, founding with Thérèse Dussaut a music institute (1988–91). He was previously a professor (until 1998) and the head of the piano department at the Moscow Conservatory (1972–78). 
He made several recordings for EMI or CBS during the 1960s and regularly for Melodya in USSR.
He died in Hoof (Schauenburg), Germany aged 70. His brother Vladimir is a violinist.
References.
Fryderyk Chopin Information Centre - Yevgeny Malinin
Le Monde, Alain Lompech, May 5, 2001 (obituary notice)
[http://malininpianocenter.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="19410502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410502" title="Fishy Tales">
Fishy Tales

Fishy Tales is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 157th "Our Gang" short (158th episode, 69th talking short, and 70th talking episode) that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19410519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410519" title="Nenad Todorović">
Nenad Todorović

Nenad Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Toдopoвић ;born 26 May 1982) is a Serbian football defender currently playing for FK Bačka Topola.
Career.
Before moving to Hungary in summer 2009 to play with Zalaegerszegi TE Nenad has played with Serbian SuperLiga clubs OFK Beograd and FK Hajduk Kula.

</doc>
<doc id="19410524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410524" title="Ian Payne (newsreader)">
Ian Payne (newsreader)

Ian Payne is a British presenter employed by ITV. He is originally from Ipswich.
Career.
Prior to his TV work he studied sport at Newcastle University and did a placement with TV Sport and Leisure (TSL) in 1998.
He appeared on an edition of Blockbusters in the early 1990s.
In 1992 he joined ITV Tyne Tees as a sports assistant and trained alongside Roger Tames. Ten years later he became the senior sports presenter. On 25 September 2006, Payne was promoted to a news presenter on the now defunct South edition "ITV News Tyne Tees". On 13 February 2009 the final North and South editions of the programme aired. On 25 February 2009, ITV Tyne Tees and ITV Border merged news output whilst the respective programme titles were retained, Payne now presents both "ITV News Tyne Tees" and "Lookaround".
Awards.
In 2008 Ian was honoured by Northumbria University for ‘Distinguished Services to Sport’ and in 2009 he was named ‘Best Presenter’ by the Royal Television Society North East and Cumbria.
Personal life.
He has two sons. In an interview Payne said the aspect of his job he enjoys the most is current affairs, sport and the passion he has for the North East.

</doc>
<doc id="19410530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410530" title="USNS Short Splice (T-AK-249)">
USNS Short Splice (T-AK-249)

USNS "Short Splice" (T-AK-249) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. However, the war ended, and she was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT "Short Splice" who kept her in service until transferred to the U.S. Navy in 1950.
Built in Wilmington, California.
"Short Splice" (AK-249) was laid down as MC hull 2464 on 15 January 1945 by Consolidated Steel Corporation, Wilmington, California; launched on 3 March 1945; sponsored by Mrs. A. 0. Wiese; and delivered to the United States Steamship Lines on 18 May 1945.
U.S. Army service.
She was acquired and operated by the U.S. Army which commissioned her on (date unknown) as USAT "Short Spice". She was retained by the U.S. Army until she was transferred to the U.S. Navy 1 March 1950.
U.S. Navy service.
She operated with the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), carrying cargo for military bases. Until 5 March 1959, she called at almost every European port as well as ports along the Atlantic western coast from Goose Bay, Labrador, to the Panama Canal Zone. She then operated from New Orleans, Louisiana, carrying supplies, ammunition, and vehicles to Panama; Key West, Florida; San Juan, Puerto Rico; and Kingston, Jamaica.
On 3 November 1966, "Short Splice" moved to the Far East, and a crew of Koreans was assigned to man her. She made supply runs to Vietnam, Korea, Japan, and the Philippine Islands. On 30 March 1973, the Korean crew was replaced by American merchant seamen, but her area of operations did not change.
Final inactivation.
On 20 June 1973, while at Sasebo, Japan, she was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration for disposal. "Short Splice" was sold to Fuji Marden & Co. Ltd., Hong Kong, British Crown Colony, on 31 July 1973 and scrapped.
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19410541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410541" title="Framing Youth">
Framing Youth

Framing Youth is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 158th "Our Gang" short (159th episode, 70th talking short, and 71st talking episode) that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19410544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410544" title="Five Golden Hours">
Five Golden Hours

Five Golden Hours is a 1961 Italian-British comedy film directed by Mario Zampi and written by Hans Wilhelm, starring Ernie Kovacs, Cyd Charisse and George Sanders, and featuring Dennis Price and John Le Mesurier.
Plot.
Aldo Bondi (Kovacs) is a professional pallbearer and mourner in Rome who lives well off the extravagant gifts given to him by the rich widows he comforts. When he falls for the supposedly penniless Baroness Sandra (Charisse) – who is actually a rich "black widow" whose husbands all die – he concocts a Ponzi scheme to bilk three widows by taking money from them, telling them that he will invest it during the "five golden hours" between the closing of the stock exchange in Rome, and the opening of the New York Stock Exchange. However, the Baroness absconds with the cash, leaving Bondi in hock to the widows. He attempts to kill them, but the scheme fails and he pretends to have gone insane. In the sanatarium, his roommate is another debtor feigning madness, Mr. Bing (Sanders).
One of the three widows dies, leaving Bondi a fortune, which he can only have if he continues to be insane, otherwise the inheritance is to go to a monastery – so Bondi makes a deal with the brothers to split the money. He returns to Rome, where Mr. Bing makes contact with Baroness Sandra and, for a fee, tells her that Bondi is now rich. Sandra and Bondi get married, and soon he is her seventh dead husband.
Production.
"Five Golden Hours" was filmed in two versions, one for English-language release, and another, released as "Cinque ore in contanti", for Italian consumption. In the Italian version, some of the smaller roles were taken by Italian actors. Location shooting for the film took place in Bolzano, Italy and the surrounding area.
Kovacs cited the picture as his favorite among his own films.
The film was the last directed by Mario Zampi.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19410590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410590" title="David Boone (disambiguation)">
David Boone (disambiguation)

David Boone (1951–2005) was an American-born former Canadian Football League player.
David Boone or Boon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410591" title="Mohammed Shah">
Mohammed Shah

Shah Mohammed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410595" title="Jacky Trevane">
Jacky Trevane

Jacky Trevane is the pseudonym of Jennifer Anne, a British woman who ran away from her Egyptian husband in 1992. With the help of ghostwriter Clifford Thurlow she published the book "Fatwa: Living with a Death Threat", describing her version of her life with her Egyptian Muslim husband Maged (in her book called Omar). Jacky was twenty-three when she arrived in Egypt for a holiday with her boyfriend, Dave. Separated from Dave in a bustling street, she fell and twisted her ankle, only to be swept up by a young handsome, chivalrous Egyptian. It was, she says in her book, love at first sight. She married him, converted to Islam and lived with him in a poor suburb of Cairo. The couple bore two daughters. Their marriage, however, turned sour and Jennifer decided to return to England. She says a fatwa was issued against her and is thus "living in the shadow of a death threat." The Egyptian publication Al-Fajr spoke with Jennifer's husband, providing a different story and denying many of the claims Jennifer made.
After many women read "Fatwa" they contacted Jacky Trevane and told her their own stories which resulted in a book, "Invisible Women: Living in Secrecy to Survive", published in 2005. In this book she shares eight of the stories told to her by different women.

</doc>
<doc id="19410603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410603" title="The Pigskin Palooka">
The Pigskin Palooka

The Pigskin Palooka is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 159th "Our Gang" short (160th episode, 70th talking short, and 71st talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Having written of his football heroics in military school, Alfalfa returns home to a hero's welcome. But the fact is that Alfalfa never played a game in his life and borrowed Rex's, a classmate and football player's uniform to take a picture, angering him as well. No sooner has he stepped off the train than his old pal Spanky, manager of the gang's football team, informs Alfalfa that he's been slated to be star player in an upcoming gridiron battle—which is to be staged within the next few hours. Alfalfa winds up winning the game in a total fluke, which Buckwheat and Porky helped cause.

</doc>
<doc id="19410629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410629" title="Petra Taylor">
Petra Taylor

Petra Taylor (née Jones) is a fictional character portrayed by Alexandra Pigg in the soap "Brookside" from 1982 until 1983.
Background.
Prior to Petra and Gavin's arrival on Brookside Close, the neighbours were already finding conflict with Roger Huntingdon looking down his nose at the working class Grant family and inevitable conflict between the Grant and Collins families.
The arrival of the Taylors on a meat wagon however made it worse. The neighbours had already formed an impression of them before their arrival when gas cookers turn up of their lawn sometime before they move in. These gas cookers are in fact stolen and being sold by Gavin. Phil Redmond intended the Taylors to represent the black market economy.
Petra came from a working-class Liverpool family, her mother died when she was young and she was brought up by her father, Davy Jones.
Character.
From her arrival until Gavin's death, Petra is trying for a baby. Petra and Gavin argue somewhat during their stay. In February 1983 however Petra finds Gavin has died in his sleep, and is consoled by her and Gavin's brother-in-law, George Jackson.
After Gavin's death.
Following Gavin's death, Petra discovers she's pregnant. Petra also strikes up a friendship with Barry Grant who lays her a patio using flags he has stolen from Paul Collins. Petra and Barry later go on holiday to the Isle of Man together and during their holiday Petra miscarries. After the loss of her husband and unborn child Petra becomes sullen, this irritated Barry Grant and he leaves for London with money his mother Sheila has been collecting for charity. When Petra returns home in August 1983, she packs a suitcase and leaves.
After her death.
Petra was found to have committed suicide in a hotel room in Llandudno, Wales, in January 1984. In her will she left everything to her sister and her brother-in-law, George Jackson. The Jacksons then moved into No 10.
Trivia.
Gavin and Petra drove a BMW 320 with their names written over the windscreen.

</doc>
<doc id="19410654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410654" title="Mail and Female">
Mail and Female

Mail and Female is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer. It was the 160th "Our Gang" short (161st episode, 71st talking short, and 72nd talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
The Gang's male members, headed by George "Spanky" McFarland, decided to create the "He-Man Woman Haters Club" in reaction to not being invited to one of the girl's parties. When the kids ask for a president, Spanky elects his pal Carl "Alfalfa" Switzer without his authorization, under the notion that Alfalfa "hates women". Yet, Alfalfa's absence to the meeting was due to the fact that he was writing a letter to his sweetheart Darla Hood. 
Alfalfa is informed by Billie "Buckwheat" Thomas and Eugene "Porky" Lee that he has been unanimously elected president of Spanky's new club. Before Alfalfa proceeds to the barn, he requests that Buckwheat and Porky are to deliver the note and he requests it be "under the hat". Misunderstanding the phrase "Under the hat", Buckwheat puts Alfalfa's letter under his hat. 
Upon arriving at the club, Alfalfa is greeted with cheers. Unknowing what the club is, Alfalfa commands the members to follow the rules, if failed to do so, they would suffer a paddling from the "sergeant-at-arms" Henry "Spike" Lee. When asking Spanky what the club is about, Spanky delivers the news that he is the head of the "He-Man Woman Haters Club" and is forbidden look,talk, walk or send letters to girls. Upon figuring this out, Alfalfa says that he has important business to attend to, and leaves the club to look for Buckwheat and Porky. Upon finding Buckwheat and Porky, they inform him that they did what they were told. 
Alfalfa proceeds to Darla's house to retrieve the note before his fellow members discover that he has broken the rules he's enforced. When asking Darla to give back the note, she responds that she does not know what note he is talking about. At this time, Buckwheat and Porky inform Spanky that Alfalfa is going to Darla's house. Spanky, Spike, Buckwheat and Porky decide to investigate.
Alfalfa spots Spanky, Spike, Buckwheat and Porky coming toward Darla's house, where he is still visiting. In desperation, Alfalfa hides in a closet and asks Darla not to give away his hiding spot. When the members arrive, they ask Darla if Alfalfa has been over. Upon denying that she saw him that day, the members search the house in order to find Alfalfa. After giving up, Alfalfa makes a noise in the closet he was in, giving away his position. When the members open the closet, they find "Darla's cousin" Amelia who was from New York, whom was just Alfalfa dressed in woman's clothing. "Amelia" offers the members some Ice Cream which they accept. The boys begin to like Amelia and admit to liking her when she asked. When "Amelia" steps out to bring back Lemonade, Alfalfa comes back angered at his members and proceeds to order the boys to bend over to receive their paddling. As Buckwheat bends over, his hat falls off exposing Alfalfa's love letter, which Spanky picks up. In anger, Spanky tells the boys to get Alfalfa. In fear, Alfalfa jumps out the window into a well, where he is humiliated.

</doc>
<doc id="19410676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410676" title="Sérézin">
Sérézin

Sérézin may refer to several communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="19410699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410699" title="God's thumb">
God's thumb

God's thumb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410704" title="Joe Vannelli">
Joe Vannelli

Joe Vannelli (born Montreal, 28 December 1950), is a Canadian musician, composer and record producer. He was credited on most records of his brother, Gino Vannelli, and in collaboration with youngest brother Ross Vannelli, the three have won many awards. 
Vannelli studied music theory in Montreal, and learned to play piano. He was influenced by artists like Bill Evans, Oscar Peterson, Dave Brubeck and Errol Garner. During the seventies he developed an interest in electronic instruments; he was one of the early synthesizer players. He contributed to most of Gino's albums as a composer, producer, arranger, programmer and engineer. 
Apart from his work with Gino and Ross, he has been credited by many artists like Chaka Khan, Eartha Kitt, Gary Morris, David Meece, Kudasai, Marilyn Scott, Jimmy Haslip, Brenda Russell, Pat Thomi, Don Sebesky, Kit Chan, Bill Meyers, Gianni Bella and Glenn Jones.
Vannelli has won six Juno Awards and was nominated for several Grammy Awards, including one for best arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="19410705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410705" title="Annadale">
Annadale

Annadale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410711" title="Fox Hills">
Fox Hills

Fox Hills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410713" title="1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Jay Berger was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
David Wheaton won the title, defeating Mark Kaplan 6–4, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19410714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410714" title="Graniteville">
Graniteville

Graniteville may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19410719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410719" title="Animal Planet Report">
Animal Planet Report

Animal Planet Report was a reality television series about reports on animals all over the United States. The series aired on Animal Planet and was hosted by Michelle Beadle. It has not currently aired since some time between 2006 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19410722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410722" title="Lighthouse Hill">
Lighthouse Hill

Lighthouse Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410727" title="Progon">
Progon

Progon may refer to:
__NOTOC__
People.
As a personal name it may refer to:
Toponyms.
As a toponym it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410753" title="Canned Fishing">
Canned Fishing

Canned Fishing is a 1938 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 162nd "Our Gang" short (163rd episode, 74th talking short, and 75th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Again concocting an elaborate hooky-playing scheme, Spanky places a block of ice on the chest of his pal Alfalfa, who spent the night with him at his house. The strategy this time is to convince their mothers that Alfalfa has a bad cold or the flu, and that Spanky must remain by his side to nurse him back to health. In fact, the boys plan to go fishing the moment their mothers' backs are turned—and the scheme might have worked, had Buckwheat and Porky not spilled the beans to Spanky's mother.
Vowing to teach the boys a lesson, she orders Spanky and Alfalfa to remain in the house all day and look after Spanky's kid brother Junior. This turns out to be a major mistake when, while trying to clean Junior's clothes, the boys end up locked in a steam cabinet, while poor Buckwheat finds himself stuck in the washing machine's rinse cycle. When Spanky's mother returns, the two boys run to school.

</doc>
<doc id="19410762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410762" title="Wanted (Shimei Tehai)">
Wanted (Shimei Tehai)

"Wanted" (ウォンテッド, "Uonteddo") is the fifth single released by Pink Lady, on September 5, 1977. The single topped the Japan charts at number one, having sold 1,650,000 copies, and spent twelve weeks at the top.
With "Wanted" they made their first appearance on Kōhaku Uta Gassen, in 1977.
According to Oricon this was the 3d best selling single from 1977.
Track listing (7" vinyl).
All tracks composed by Shunichi Tokura, lyrics written by Yū Aku.

</doc>
<doc id="19410770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410770" title="Norm Jacobson">
Norm Jacobson

Norm Jacobson was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1940s. A New South Wales representative three-quarter back, he played his club football career in the NSWRFL Premiership for the Newtown club.
Jacobsen was selected to captain Western Districts when they hosted the 1951 French touring side and lost. After retiring from playing football, he coached Condobolin's rugby league side.

</doc>
<doc id="19410788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410788" title="West Shore">
West Shore

West Shore may refer to:
In Canada
In the United Kingdom:
In the United States:
Non Geographical

</doc>
<doc id="19410823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410823" title="Bear Facts (film)">
Bear Facts (film)

Bear Facts is a 1938 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 163rd "Our Gang" short (164th episode, 74th talking short, and 75th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
In an effort to impress Darla (Darla Hood), Alfalfa (Carl Switzer) tells her that he's a famous bear trainer. Little does he know that Darla's father owns a circus - and a bear costume. It's time for everyone to uncover the "bear facts".

</doc>
<doc id="19410828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410828" title="Adrian Brooks">
Adrian Brooks

Adrian Brooks (born 2 October 1957 in Derby, England) is a retired English-American soccer midfielder who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League. He was a 1977 and 1978 first team All American, coached at the collegiate level and is a sales representative for Adidas.
Brooks attended Philadelphia Textile, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1975 to 1978. He was a 1976 second team and 1977 and 1978 first team All American and graduated with a bachelors degree in business management in 1978. In 1979, the Atlanta Chiefs selected Brooks in the first round of the North American Soccer League draft. He played 29 games in 1979, but only one in 1980. In 1980, he moved to the Denver Avalanche of Major Indoor Soccer League where he was named the 1980-1981 All Star Game MVP. In 1982, he moved to the Baltimore Blast, playing two seasons with the Blast. In 1984, Brooks and his team mates won the MISL championship.
He left professional soccer after the championship series. He moved to Atlanta where he played for the Soccer City amateur club for several years. He then moved to Atlanta Datagraphic for several years. In September 1989, Brooks signed with the expansion Atlanta Attack of the American Indoor Soccer Association. He also served as an assistant coach to head coach Keith Tozer. In March 1990, Brooks led the team while Tozer served a game ban after being ejected from a game.
In 1987, Kennesaw State University hired Brooks as the school’s head soccer coach. He took the team to a
7-8 record, but the school dropped the soccer program two months later. In 1992, he coached Clayton State University to an 11-5-1 record.
His brother John played professionally in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19410831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410831" title="National Council for Human Rights">
National Council for Human Rights

The National Council for Human Rights (NCHR) is an Egyptian human rights organization established in 2003 with a mission of promoting and maintaining human rights in Egypt. The President of the NCHR is former UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, who has held the position since the organization's founding. The NCHR publishes annual reports concerning the current human rights situation in Egypt.
While the NCHR maintains that it operates independently, other organizations, such as the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies, have expressed skepticism for the NCHR's affiliation with the Shura Council and the government's role in selecting members in the organization. In its 2009 Human Rights Report on Egypt, the United States State Department described the NCHR as a "consultative subsidiary of the Shura Council," but recognized that the NCHR's 2008/2009 annual report highlighted the human rights abuses by the Egyptian government, such as the imposition of a state of emergency, mistreatment of arrested citizens, weak counterterrorism laws, and restrictions on political parties and NGOs.
In 2007, the NCHR accused the Egyptian government of fraud during a national referendum. With Egyptian opposition groups urging citizens to boycott the referendum, the NCHR reported that the Egyptian government forced public workers to vote and restricted access to polling station from outside monitors. The Egyptian government reported that 75.9% voted for the constitutional amendments, although only 27% of voters participated in the referendum.
In 2008, the NCHR investigated the incidents at the Monastery of Saint Fana and highlighted the event in a report focused on the increase in sectarian violence in Egypt. 
In the aftermath of the ouster of former president Hosni Mubarak, a committee organized by the NCHR found Mubarak, former interior minister Habib el-Adly, and others in the National Democratic Party responsible for the deaths of peaceful protesters during the uprisings preceding Mubarak's resignation. However, this report was met with criticism from those who believe that Mubarak should be held criminally, in addition to politically, responsible for violence against protesters
In September 2012 the Shura Council announced the appointment of 27 new members to the NCHR, including Hossam El Gheriany as President and Abdul Ghaffar Shukr as vice-president. The other new appointments were: Ahmed Seif El-Islam, Ahmed Harara, Amira Abul-Fotouh, Ehab El-Kharrat, Hanna Gereis, Safwat Hegazi, Tareq Moawad, Talaat Marzouk, Abdel-Khaleq Farouq, Abdullah El-Ashaal, Abdullah Badran, Abdel-Moneim Abdel-Maqsoud, Mohamed El-Beltagy, Mohamed Azab, Mohammad Zarei, Fahmi El-Damat, Mahmoud Ghozlan, Mona Makram Ebeid, Hani Abdel-Aal, Hoda Abdel-Moneim, Wael Khalil, Wagdi El-Arabi and Mohamed Toson.

</doc>
<doc id="19410848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410848" title="Pyrenair">
Pyrenair

Pyrenair was a charter airline based in Huesca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19410850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410850" title="Phoenixville Historic District">
Phoenixville Historic District

The Phoenixville Historic District is a national historic district located at Phoenixville, Chester County, Pennsylvania. The district consists of the older part of Phoenixville, especially the former Phoenix Iron Works site and its employee and owner housing.
At the time of nomination (c. 1987), the district contained 908 contributing building, 52 non-contributing buildings and one contributing structure (bridge). The district is "roughly bounded by Penn St., RR tracks, Fourth Ave., and Wheatland St." This historic district is the largest in Chester County.

</doc>
<doc id="19410875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410875" title="New York State Route 219">
New York State Route 219

New York State Route 219 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410878" title="Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark">
Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark

Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark () (27 April 1912 – 12 December 1995) was a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of King Frederick VIII of Denmark. As the wife of Knud, Hereditary Prince of Denmark, she became Hereditary Princess of Denmark by marriage.
Early life.
The princess was named for her maternal grandmother, and was known as 'Calma' to her family.
Marriage and children.
-Mathilde married her first cousin Prince Knud of Denmark, second son and youngest child of Christian X of Denmark and Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin on 8 September 1933 at Fredensborg Palace, Zealand, Denmark. The couple were given Sorgenfri Palace in Kongens Lyngby north of Copenhagen as their residence. The couple had three children:
Later life.
From 1947 to 1953, Prince Knud was heir presumptive of his older brother King Frederick IX. Knud would have become king and Caroline Mathilde queen in their turn, but a change in the constitution in 1953 caused Knud to lose his place in the succession to his niece, Margrethe II. After the change, Prince Knud was given the title of Hereditary Prince and Caroline Mathilde became Hereditary Princess.
Hereditary Prince Knud died on 14 June 1976. Hereditary Princess Caroline Mathilde survived her husband by 19 years and died on 12 December 1995 at Sorgenfri Palace. She was buried at Roskilde Cathedral next to her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19410879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410879" title="Rosebank, Auckland">
Rosebank, Auckland

Rosebank (or the Rosebank Peninsula) is a peninsula and industrial suburb of Auckland City, New Zealand, forming the westernmost part of the city at the edge to Waitakere City, and jutting out into the Waitemata Harbour. The peninsula runs from the southeast in a northerly direction, with the Whau River on its west. Pollen Island and Traherne Island lie nearby in the harbour on the north-eastern side of the peninsula. Traherne Island is connected to the peninsula by a causeway that is part of the Northwestern Motorway. 
The Northwestern Motorway cuts across the top of the peninsula, with flyover ramps connecting at Rosebank Road and Patiki Road. The Northwestern Cycleway also runs across it, parallel to the motorway.
The suburb is a large employment area mainly composed of industrial (manufacturing, with some office) properties off Rosebank Road (with 813 businesses operating here in 2009). There is one "open space" area, the Rosebank Park Domain in the northwest of the peninsula, almost solely used for go-karting and as a speedway (leased from Council).
A number of archeological remains exist along the northern part of the peninsula, including old Maori middens, a tramway and remnants of a limeworks and early housing sites. However, most of these have been destroyed by development and past motorway construction.
The Motu Manawa (Pollen Island) Marine Reserve covers all of the harbour adjacent to the north and east of the peninsula, including Pollen and Traherne Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19410881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410881" title="Beatrice, Countess of Montfort">
Beatrice, Countess of Montfort

Beatrice de Montfort, Countess of Montfort-l'Amaury (c. December 1248/1249 – 9 March 1312) was the wife of Robert IV of Dreux, Count of Dreux (1241 – 12 November 1282), and the ancestress of the Dukes of Brittany from the House of Montfort-Dreux which derived its name from her title.
Family.
Beatrice was born sometime between December 1248 and 1249, the only child of Jean I de Montfort, Count of Dreux and Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun. Her paternal grandparents were Amaury VI, Count of Montfort and Beatrice of Burgundy, and her maternal grandparents were Geoffrey VI, Viscount de Chateaudun and Clémence des Roches. Her great- grandfather Simon de Montfort, 5th Earl of Leicester was a prominent leader of the Albigensian Crusade.
In 1249, Beatrice's father died in Cyprus, while participating in the Seventh Crusade, leaving her mother a widow. In 1251, Jeanne married her second husband, Jean de Brienne, Grand Butler of France. Jeanne and Jean had a daughter Blanche de Brienne, Baroness Tingry (1252–1302); Blanche married William II de Fiennes, Baron of Tingry. Jeanne died sometime after 1252, leaving her Beatrice and her half-sister Blanche as her co-heiresses.
Marriage.
Beatrice was married to Robert IV of Dreux, Count of Dreux, Braine and Montfort-l'Amaury in 1260, when she was about eleven years old. He was the son of John I of Dreux, Count of Dreux and Braine, and Marie de Bourbon. The marriage produced six children. Robert inherited the titles of Dreux and Braine following the death of his father in 1249, and after his marriage succeeded to the title of de Montfort by right of his wife.
Death.
Beatrice died on 9 March 1312 at the age of sixty-three. She was buried in the Abbaye de Haute- Bruyère. Duke John V of Brittany and French Queen consort Anne of Brittany, French Queen Claude and several other French monarchs were among her notable descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="19410890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410890" title="Mart Duggan">
Mart Duggan

Mart Duggan (1848 – April 9, 1888) was a gunfighter of the American Old West who, although mostly unknown today, was at the time one of the more feared men in the west. He is listed by author Robert K. DeArment, in his book ""Deadly Dozen"", as one of the most underrated gunmen of the Old West.
Early life.
Duggan was born Martin J. Duggan, in County Limerick, Ireland. He immigrated to the United States as a child, with his parents, and was raised in the Irish slums of New York City. In July, 1863, following the New York Draft Riots, Duggan left New York headed west. He drifted through the mining camps of Colorado, finding work as both a miner and a mule skinner. It is known that during this period, he was involved in numerous fights with Indians, alongside other miners and cowboys, although details of those events are sketchy at best. In 1876, having seen little success as a miner, and having developed into a strong man, Duggan began working as a bouncer in the Georgetown, Colorado saloon "Occidental Dance Hall & Saloon".
Not long after accepting the position, Duggan disarmed a drunk who was brandishing his pistol, beating the man over the head with his own gun. The man threatened to Duggan that had it been a standup gunfight, Duggan would not have fared so well, Duggan accepted the challenge. Duggan threw the mans revolver into a corner, then walked outside and across the street to await the man joining him in the street. The man walked outside, and the two faced one another many saloon patrons standing by to witness. In the gunfight that followed Duggan killed the man, who had not been in town long enough to even pass his name along to others, thus it being unknown as to what his name was. Duggan was cleared in the shooting, it being ruled self defense.
Life as a gunman and lawman.
In the Spring of 1878, Duggan entered Leadville, Colorado, then a bustling mining town. At first, Duggan was mistaken for having been Sanford "Sam" Duggan, a bully who had terrorized several mining towns a decade earlier, due to the similarity in names. However, there were some present in town who were aware that Sam Duggan had been lynched in 1868, in Denver, Colorado, thus the confusion was cleared up.
On February 12, 1878, Horace Austin Warner Tabor, destined to later be one of America's wealthiest men, was elected mayor. At its founding in 1877, Leadville had some 300 residents, mostly miners. A mere one year later, by the time Duggan arrived, the town boasted a population near to 15,000. T. H. Harrison was appointed as the towns first Marshal, to quell the towns rising violent crime rate. Harrison, although thought to have a fearsome reputation, was beaten and ran out of town a mere two days after his appointment.
Mayor Tabor then appointed George O'Connor as Marshal, and for one months time O'Connor did a commendable job. However, he was shot and killed less than five weeks after his appointment by one of his own deputies, Deputy Marshall James M. "Tex" Bloodsworth, on April 25, 1878, after O'Connor reprimanded Bloodsworth for spending too much time in saloons. Bloodsworth then fled on a horse he stole, and was never seen again in Leadville.
Mayor Tabor called an emergency session of the town council, and appointed Mart Duggan to replace O'Connor. Immediately Duggan began to receive threats that he could either leave town, or be killed. That same day, Duggan was called to the "Tontine Restaurant" due to a rowdy crowd of miners. He stood his ground against them, and backed them down. Although his first altercation had been successful, witnesses would later claim that they felt it would be short-lived.
Duggan immediately began ousting any he believed to affect his abilities at policing the town. His first order of business was to fire any deputies he suspected of being too friendly toward the criminal elements. He then walked into the office of the municipal magistrate, said to be too lenient in his judgements, informing him that he also was being "fired". When the magistrate objected, saying the marshal had no authority, Duggan pulled his gun, and escorted the magistrate out of town. Duggan then hand picked a replacement, and held court for six days, passing down sentences. The disposed magistrate later apologized to Duggan, and on his promise to do better in the future, he returned to his post. Although completely illegal and improper, Duggan's tactics were effective, and were tolerated by the townspeople. He killed two men during this period, both in saloon shootings.
In late May, 1878, Duggan arrested August Rische, one of the wealthiest mine owners in Colorado at the time, for drunken disorderly. When Rische resisted, Duggan beat him over the head with his pistol. Rische was a friend to Mayor Tabor, who came to the jail to protest his arrest. However, Duggan did not back down, and Rische remained in jail until Duggan saw fit to release him. Later that same month, Duggan was called to the "Pioneer Saloon", due to a disturbance in progress.
Miners John Elkins (a Black man) and Charlie Hines were quarrelling over a pot at a poker game. A fight ensued, and Elkins stabbed Hines with a knife, then fled. Two of Duggan's deputies quickly located Elkins and arrested him without incident. However, when word spread that Hines was dying, racial hatred began to spread throughout the town, and a lynch mob was formed. Duggan ran to head off the mob, who was headed for the jail. Cocking a revolver in each hand, he informed them he would kill the first man who took another step forward. The mob, numbering no less than 100 men, dissipated. Hines eventually did recover from his wound. Elkins was found to have acted in self-defense, and fled town immediately upon his release.
Duggan was dismissed from duty as Marshal after a February, 1879 drinking binge. But was quickly reinstated when it became obvious no one could replace him at that time, given the towns rowdy status. On March 10, 1879, Bill and Jim Bush, businessmen and also friends to Mayor Tabor, became involved in a dispute on a vacant lot with Mortimer Arbuckle, another businessman who had evidently set up his small shanty shack business on a lot belonging to the Bush brothers. In the heat of a physical exchange, Jim Bush pulled a pistol and shot Arbuckle, killing him. Arbuckle was unarmed, and was well liked in town. Another mob formed, intent on burning the hotel owned by Bill Bush, and hanging Jim Bush. Duggan again backed down the mob, and arrested Jim Bush for murder. By dawn the next day, it was apparent that trouble was again brewing, so Duggan took Jim Bush, under guard, to Denver, for safe keeping until trial. Leadville businessman G. W. Bartlett would later claim years later, "There was not a braver man in camp", speaking of Duggan.
Duggan left the Marshal's position for Leadville in April, 1879, when his term expired, stating he wished to move to Flint, Michigan with his wife. He was replaced by Pat Kelly, another Irishman, but Kelly lacked the abilities and raw aggression that Duggan possessed, and within months the town of Leadville had reverted to its former rowdy state. Gangs of hoodlums began taking over businesses and city property at gun point, led by Edward Frodsham, from Brigham, Utah. Frodsham was known to have killed a man named John Peasley in Wyoming, after Peasley became involved in an affair with Frodsham's wife. Sentenced to ten years in prison, he was released after only two.
Frodsham was a jeweler by trade, but had a fearsome temper, and was good with a gun. On August 8, 1879, Frodsham and friend Lee Landers, the latter an escaped convict, became involved in a gunfight in Laramie, Wyoming with two men inside Susie Parker's brothel, killing a cattle dealer named Jack Taylor. Frodsham was wounded by two bullets in the gunfight, and was arrested, but posted bail. Frodsham then moved to Leadville, and the same month of his arrival, on December 29, 1879, he shot and killed Peter Thams, a Laramie resident, after the latter argued with him over the Taylor shooting. Marshal Kelly, perhaps out of fear, refused to arrest Frodsham for the murder. Lake County, Colorado Deputy Sheriff Edmund H. Watson, however, stepped in and did arrest Frodsham. Vigilantes stormed the jail and took both Frodsham and outlaw Patrick Stewart out of the jail two days later, and lynched them.
With the town totally out of control, the council fired Pat Kelly, and sent for Mart Duggan once again. Duggan returned in late December, 1879, and immediately fired all of Kelly's deputies, hiring men of his own choosing. He then went about arresting any he believed to be causing problems, including local thugs "Big Ed" Burns, "Slim Jim" Bruce, J. J. Harlan, as well as well known gunman Billy Thompson, brother to gunfighter Ben Thompson. By April, 1880, Leadville was again under control and Duggan again refused reappointment. He was replaced by Ed Watson, whose arrest of Frodsham had gained him respect in and around the town.
Later career.
In May, 1880, Duggan led several others in the employ of former mayor Tabor to help end a miners strike over wages, and within a month the strike had ended. On November 22, 1880, Duggan argued with miner Louis Lamb, with whom he'd had previous confrontations. Lamb walked away, but Duggan was still enraged. Duggan continued to verbally yell at Lamb, who walked as far as the front of the "Purdy Brothel", where he turned and pulled his pistol. Duggan drew also, shooting Lamb in the mouth, killing him instantly. He turned himself in following the shooting and was later cleared on grounds of self-defense. Lamb's widow, however, swore an everlasting hatred toward Duggan, and swore she would wear her widows weeds until Duggan's death, and that she would dance on his grave.
Although cleared in the shooting, Duggan lost a lot of his popularity over the shooting of Lamb, who was well liked in the community. Duggan had opened a livery stable, but after the shooting his business failed altogether in 1882. He moved to Douglass City, Colorado, where he became a deputy, and tended bar. In 1887, when a conman tricked several dance hall girls into buying fake jewelry, Duggan hunted the man down, beat him, then made him return all the money he had taken, using the remainder of his money to pay for drinks for everyone present at the dance hall until he was broke. Duggan then escorted the conman out of town.
The salesman immediately went to Leadville, where Duggan was not popular. He filed charges of robbery and assault against Duggan, who appeared in court to face the charges along with a string of dance hall girls as witnesses. The judge acquitted Duggan on the charge of robbery, but fined him $10 for assault. Duggan flew into a rage, demanding that if anyone should pay, it should be the salesman. Seeing Duggan's temper, the salesman dropped the charges and fled town.
Later that year, Duggan returned to Leadville to accept a job as a patrolman. However, Leadville had by this time progressed well beyond the bustling mining camp he had policed a decade earlier, and had become civilized. Duggan and his techniques, however, were unchanged. In March, 1888, Duggan arrested a jewelry peddler, and when the charges were dropped and Duggan was fined $25 for unlawful arrest, he resigned from the police force. Duggan began drinking heavily for the next month and was involved in several disputes.
On April 9, in the early morning hours, Duggan became involved in an argument with two gamblers, William Gordon and gambler and business owner Bailey Youngston, inside the "Texas House". Duggan invited them both outside to settle the dispute with guns, but fearing his reputation they both refused. At around 4:00am, friends were able to calm Duggan and convince him to go home. He left the "Texas House", but had walked only a few steps before someone approached him from behind and shot him in the back of the head, then fled. Duggan did not immediately go down, and staggered next door to the "Bradford Drug Store", where he fell. His wife was called, and she sat with him along with many of his friends until well into the morning.
He opened his eyes some hours later and asked for a drink of water. When asked who had shot him, and had it been Bailey Youngston, he replied, "No. And I'll die before I tell you". Duggan died at 11:00am on April 9, 1888. It has never been discovered why he chose to withhold the name of his killer. Despite some of the problems he'd had, Duggan was still highly respected and his death was mourned by the whole of Leadville, with a large attendance at his funeral. Bailey Youngston, along with his business partners Tom Dennison and Jim Harrington and employee George Evans, were arrested for his murder, tried, but acquitted due to a lack of evidence. The widow of Louis Lamb danced where Duggan had been shot down, and presented her widows weeds to Duggans wife.
Although no one was ever convicted in his murder, most believed that George Evans had been paid to murder Duggan by a group of men who held grudges against him from years earlier. This could never be proven. Evans left town immediately after being acquitted, and was killed in a gunfight in Nicaragua in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="19410908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410908" title="1991 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup">
1991 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup

The 1991 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 11th edition of the event known that year as the Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup, and was part of the World Series of the 1991 ATP Tour. It took place at the Hamlet Golf and Country Club in Commack, Long Island, New York, United States, from August 19 through August 25, 1991.
The singles featured ATP No. 2, Australian Open and Wimbledon semifinalist, Stuttgart, Tokyo indoor and Queen's Club winner, Long Island defending champion Stefan Edberg, Australian Open runner-up, Philadelphia and Memphis champion Ivan Lendl, and Wimbledon semfinalist, Miami finalist David Wheaton. Also present were Chicago titlist John McEnroe, Manchester winner Goran Ivanišević, Jonas Svensson, Alberto Mancini and Omar Camporese.

</doc>
<doc id="19410909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410909" title="Three Men in a Tub">
Three Men in a Tub

Three Men in a Tub is a 1938 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Nate Watt. It was the 164th "Our Gang" short (165th episode, 76th talking short, and 77th talking episode) that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19410925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410925" title="Rokas Zubovas">
Rokas Zubovas

Rokas Zubovas is a Lithuanian pianist. 
Still a student at the Lithuanian Academy of Music, Zubovas won the VI Inter-Republical Čiurlionis competition, ex-aequo with Moldovan pianist Ina Chatipova. He continued his studies in Switzerland and the USA, where he was a teacher at Chicago's Saint Xavier University's Department of Music starting from 1994, a position he combined with the first stages of his international concert career. Six years later he returned to his homeland, where he was appointed a teacher at the Lithuanian Academy of Music. He's known for his dedication to the music of Mikolajus K. Čiurlionis, who was his great-grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="19410936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410936" title="Florin Mugur">
Florin Mugur

Florin Mugur (February 7, 1934, Bucharest, Romania – February 9, 1991) was a Romanian-Jewish poet, essayist, editor, and prose writer. 
Had his literary debut at the age of 13, and published his first book at the age of 19.
He was one of the editors of the Cartea Românească publishing house, and Vice Editor in Chief of the Argeș magazine.
He was a close friend of Norman Manea.
Feeling lonely after his beloved wife Iulia's premature death, and being sick, he committed suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="19410937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410937" title="Pronair">
Pronair

Pronair was a charter airline based in Albacete, Spain. It ceased operations in 2009.
Fleet.
The Pronair fleet included the following aircraft (as of September 2008): 

</doc>
<doc id="19410948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410948" title="Daniel Fernandez (disambiguation)">
Daniel Fernandez (disambiguation)

Daniel Fernandez (1944–1966) was an American soldier and Medal of Honor recipient.
Daniel Fernandez or Fernández may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19410949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410949" title="Came the Brawn">
Came the Brawn

Came the Brawn is a 1938 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 165th entry in the "Our Gang" series
Notes.
"Came the Brawn" marked Spanky McFarland's, Tommy "Butch" Bond's, Sidney "Woim" Kibrick's, and Darwood "Waldo" Kaye's final appearances in the Hal Roach-produced "Our Gang" shorts. Butch, Woim, and Waldo were recurring characters and would not be needed for the last three episodes but would all return for "The Little Ranger", the first "Our Gang" short produced after the series' sale to MGM in mid-1938.
Spanky's contract expired after the completion of "Came the Brawn", and he officially retired from the series at this time. After going on a personal tour, Spanky rejoined "Our Gang" in the late summer of 1938, after its transfer to MGM. He would remain another four and a half years.

</doc>
<doc id="19410956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410956" title="Jim Price (baseball manager)">
Jim Price (baseball manager)

James Lyman Price (September 20, 1847 - October 24, 1925) was a manager in Major League Baseball. In the season, with the New York Gothams he was the club's manager. During his lone season as manager, he led the Gothams to 56 wins, with 42 loses in 100 games. He died in Oak Park, Illinois in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19410960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410960" title="Boulevard des Italiens (film)">
Boulevard des Italiens (film)

Boulevard des Italiens is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by French magician Georges Méliès. The film consists of a short sequence recording life on the streets of Paris. It is believed to be lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19410961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410961" title="Marcel Lalu">
Marcel Lalu

Marcel Lalu (March 24, 1882 – 1951) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics, in the 1908 Summer Olympics, and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Limoges.
In 1900 he finished eighth in the combined exercises competition which was the only Olympic gymnastic event.
Eight years later he finished seventh in the 1908 all-around competition and at the 1912 Games he finished again seventh in the all-around contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19410977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410977" title="Salzburg 1942 chess tournament">
Salzburg 1942 chess tournament

The main organiser of Salzburg 1942, Ehrhardt Post, the Chief Executive of Nazi "Grossdeutscher Schachbund", intended to bring together the six strongest players of Germany, the occupied and neutral European countries; world champion Alexander Alekhine, former champion Max Euwe, challenger Paul Keres, former challenger Efim Bogoljubov, winner of European tournament at Munich 1941 Gösta Stoltz, and German champion Paul Felix Schmidt. Euwe withdrew due to "illness". Actually, Euwe refused to participate because Alekhine was invited (Alekhine had written about the "Jewish clique" around Euwe in World Chess Championship 1935). His place was occupied by German sub-champion, the eighteen-years-old Klaus Junge. They made Salzburg 1942 the world's second, after a tournament purporting to be the first European Championship ("Europameisterschaft") in Munich, strongest tournament in 1942.
The event took place in the rooms of Mirabell Palace in Salzburg from 9 to 18 June 1942. The players had to make 32 moves in two hours. Thereafter, the tempo became 16 moves per hour.
The final results and standings:
Aftermath.
Klaus Junge was a lieutenant of the 12th SS Battalion defending Hamburg. Refusing to surrender, he died – shouted "Sieg Heil!" – in combat against Allied troops on 17 April 1945 in the battle of Welle on the Lüneburger Heide.
The first Junge Memorial was held in Regensburg in 1946 (Fedor Bohatirchuk won). According to Dr Robert Hübner, Klaus Junge was the greatest German chess talent in the 20th century. 
Alexander Alekhine moved to Spain in 1943. The chess world did not forget his Nazi articles published in 1941, although negotiations with Mikhail Botvinnik for a world title match were proceeding in 1946 when Alekhine died in Estoril, Portugal, in unclear circumstances. Some have speculated that he was murdered by a French "Death Squad". A few years later, Alekhine's son, Alexander Alekhine Junior, said that "the hand of Moscow reached his father".
Efim Bogoljubov lived in West Germany and remained active in the German chess world. After World War II, he won – among others – at Bad Pyrmont 1949 (Western zone championship), played at Southsea 1950, Birmingham 1951, and Belgrade 1952. Bogoljubov was awarded the title International Grandmaster by the World Chess Federation FIDE in 1951. He died from a heart attack in Triberg in 1952. 
Paul Keres travelled to Spain in 1943 and moved to Sweden in 1944. At the end of World War II, he returned to Estonia in Autumn 1944. He was harassed by the Soviet authorities (KGB) and feared for his life. Fortunately, Keres managed to avoid deportation to Siberia or any worse fate (e.g., that of Vladimirs Petrovs) – a letter to Viacheslav Molotov spared his life – but his return to the international chess scene was delayed, in spite of his excellent form. He returned to international play in World Chess Championship 1948 but, as some historians argue, had to lose to Mikhail Botvinnik. Keres died from a heart attack in Helsinki in 1975.
Gösta Stoltz returned to Sweden in 1942. The chess world held no grudge against him and he was invited for Groningen 1946 chess tournament. Stoltz was awarded the International Master title in 1950, and the Grandmaster title in 1954. He died in his country in 1963.
Paul Felix Schmidt remained active in the German chess world. He was awarded the International Master title in 1950. Paul F. Schmidt earned a PhD in chemistry from Heidelberg University in 1951, and moved to Canada, then to the United States, settling in Philadelphia, where he took a job as a professor. He died in Allentown in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19410998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19410998" title="2005 UAB Blazers football team">
2005 UAB Blazers football team

The 2005 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 2005, and was the fifteenth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his eleventh season as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their tenth season at the I-A level, and seventh affiliated with a conference with a record of 5–6 (3–5 C-USA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19411001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411001" title="Feed 'em and Weep">
Feed 'em and Weep

"Feed 'em and Weep" is a 1938 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 166th "Our Gang" short (167th episode, 78th talking short, and 79th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
It's Mr. Hood's birthday, and he has been eagerly anticipating a quiet dinner at home with his family. Alas, Darla has invited a "few friends" to the celebration: Alfalfa, Porky, and Philip. The well-meaning trio drive poor Mr. Hood to distraction with loud and interminable choruses of "Happy Birthday, Mr. Hood", but this is nothing compared to the presents they've brought: a frog, a duck, and a cat, all of which get into a noisy confrontation with the family dog. When the kids aren't arguing over their favorite comic-strip characters, they're busily devouring Mr. Hood's birthday dinner; the poor fellow doesn't even get a slice of his own cake! That is given to Percy, when he stops in to tell Alfalfa that he needs to come home. Mr. Hood, disgusted over the whole affair, declares he's going out to get a bite to eat, and leaves. So does the Gang, as they resume arguing over whether Tarzan or Flash Gordon is the strongest...

</doc>
<doc id="19411032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411032" title="Stoned Soul Picnic">
Stoned Soul Picnic

Stoned Soul Picnic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19411046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411046" title="Bona, Sweden">
Bona, Sweden

Bona is a town in Sweden located near Motala in Östergötland County.

</doc>
<doc id="19411049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411049" title="Johor Bahru City F.C.">
Johor Bahru City F.C.

Johor Bahru City F.C. or Majlis Bandaraya Johor Bahru F.C. (often shortened to MBJB F.C.) is a Malaysian football club based in Johor Bahru, Johor. The club represents Johor Bahru City Council in Malaysia football.
In 2009, MBJB FC was booted out from Malaysia Premier League after only playing five matches citing its failure to settle insurance dues before the given date.
The team were promoted back to Premier League for the second time in 2012, having finished 2011 Malaysia FAM League as runners-up. This time, their campaign lasted only a season when they finished last in the 12-team league and relegated straight back to FAM League, garnering only 5 points, scoring only 18 goals while conceding 79 goals.
Officials.
Senior Officials
Team Officials
Players.
President's Cup team.
"For recent transfers, see List of Malaysian football transfers 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19411053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411053" title="Juan Ramón Jara">
Juan Ramón Jara

Juan Ramón Jara Martínez (born 6 August 1970 in Asunción) is a retired football defender from Paraguay.
Club career.
Jara started his career with Olimpia in Paraguay before moving to Argentina to play for clubs such as Rosario Central, Independiente and Colón de Santa Fe. He spent his best years playing for Rosario Central, where he earned than 100 caps, and was part of the team that finished as runners-up in the 1998 Copa CONMEBOL. Jara then returned to Paraguay to play again for Olimpia and then had brief stints at Nueva Chicago (Argentina), Emelec (Ecuador), Nacional and 3 de Febrero (Paraguay) before finally playing for Portuguesa Fútbol Club of Venezuela in 2007.
International career.
Jara made his international debut for the Paraguay national football team on 10 June 1993 in a friendly match against Mexico (3-1 loss), substituting Carlos Gamarra in the 75th minute. He obtained a total number of 17 international caps, scoring no goals for the national side.
Jara was part of the Paraguay national football squad that competed at the 1992 Olympic games. Be also participated in a few matches for the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19411069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411069" title="All of the Good Ones Are Taken">
All of the Good Ones Are Taken

All of the Good Ones Are Taken is sixth solo album of Ian Hunter. The album contains a mix of several styles. Longtime collaborator Mick Ronson was mostly absent (he only played guitar on one track), because he was seriously considering quitting the music business.
In 2007, the album was reissued with a single bonus track.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ian Hunter except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19411089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411089" title="The Awful Tooth">
The Awful Tooth

The Awful Tooth is a 1938 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Nate Watt. It was the 167th "Our Gang" short (168th episode, 79th talking short, and the 80th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Alfalfa, Buckwheat, Porky, and Spike in need of money to purchase baseball equipment, devise a scheme: they will have all their teeth pulled out, which they calculate will earn them one dime per tooth from the tooth fairy. Their dentist hears of their plan, and takes steps to dissuade the kids—beginning with a terrified Alfalfa. In the end, Alfalfa decides to keep his teeth, but the dentist does give them some baseball equipment as a reward for 
learning a valuable lesson about dental health.

</doc>
<doc id="19411110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411110" title="Leroy Foster (musician)">
Leroy Foster (musician)

"Baby Face" Leroy Foster (February 1, 1923 - May 26, 1958) was an American blues singer, drummer and guitarist, active in Chicago from the mid-1940s until the late 1950s. He was a significant figure in the development of the post-war electric Chicago blues sound, most notably as a member of the Muddy Waters band during its formative years.
Life and career.
Foster was born in Algoma, Mississippi, United States. He moved to Chicago in the mid-1940s, and by 1946 was working with pianist Sunnyland Slim and harmonica player John Lee "Sonny Boy" Williamson. He was introduced to singer and guitarist Muddy Waters by an acquaintance Waters met at a recording session in 1946, and was soon playing guitar and drums in Waters’ band, along with guitar and harmonica player Jimmy Rogers, with the band later joined by Little Walter on harmonica. Calling themselves the Headhunters, the trio were known for going from club to club and “cutting” (i.e. engaging in musical duels with) other bands.
Foster’s first recordings were made with pianist Lee Brown in 1945 for J. Mayo Williams' Chicago label. In 1946, he appeared on another session with Lee Brown and recorded with James "Beale Street" Clark for Columbia. He also accompanied Sunnyland Slim on a 1947 or 1948 session for the Opera label. Further recordings followed, both under his own name and backing Sunnyland Slim, Muddy Waters, Little Walter and pianist Johnny Jones, before his most notable session, for the Parkway label in 1950. 
This session featured the personnel of Muddy Waters' band of the time: Foster, Waters, Little Walter and (on two tracks only, since he was late for the session), Jimmy Rogers. Four singles were released from the session, two by Foster and two by Little Walter. One of the singles, the two-part "Rollin' and Tumblin'" was notable enough to be reviewed, unusually for a down home blues release, in the "Chicago Defender" by Edward Myers, who described it as having "the sound and beat of African chant". The track featured only Foster’s drumming and singing, Walter’s harmonica and Waters’ slide guitar, with hummed ensemble vocals on one side. Unfortunately, Waters’ guitar playing and backup singing were distinctive enough for it to come to the attention of Leonard Chess of Chess Records, who had Waters under an exclusive recording contract. As a result, Waters was made to record his own version of the song for the larger Chess label in order to "kill" the Parkway recording.
After the Parkway session, Foster left Waters’ band, possibly in the hope of a solo career resulting from the releases on Parkway, but unfortunately the label soon folded. Afterwards, Foster recorded a further three sessions under his own name for the JOB label between 1950 and 1953, but died from a heart attack, possibly as a result of alcoholism, at the age of 35 in 1958.
Foster was buried at Fern Oak Cemetery in Griffith, Indiana. In 2012 the Killer Blues Headstone Project, a nonprofit organization, placed a headstone on Foster's unmarked grave.
Foster sang in a style influenced by Sonny Boy Williamson and Dr. Clayton, and while he played guitar and drums competently, the talents for which he was popular have been described as “drinking, singing and clowning”.

</doc>
<doc id="19411127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411127" title="Hide and Shriek">
Hide and Shriek

Hide and Shriek is a 1938 "Our Gang" short subject directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 168th "Our Gang" entry in the series, and the last to involve series creator Hal Roach.
Plot.
Opening his own detective agency, Alfalfa dons a deerstalker cap and rechristens himself "X-10, Sooper Sleuth." His first assignment: to find out who stole a box of candy from Darla. Suspecting that Leonard and Junior are the alleged culprits, Alfalfa and his chief (and only) operatives Buckwheat and Porky put a tail on the two youngsters. Unfortunately, the three junior gumshoes are sidetracked to a seaside amusement pier, where they find themselves trapped in a spooky-themed fun-house. Darla eventually discovers her candy was right where she left it- in her doll carriage. But it's too late: scared out of their wits by various ersatz ghosts, monsters and spooky moans and groans, our heroes vow to give up the detective business forever (as Alfalfa's "Out of Bizzness" sign on the door notes).
Notes.
"Hide and Shriek" was the final entry in producer Hal Roach's "Our Gang" series. He had another year to go to produce episodes for MGM, but his distribution deal with other properties expired earlier that year. Roach switched to another studio (United Artists) to distribute his produced feature films. "Our Gang" was his only property left doing short subjects. As a result, MGM opted to purchase the unit outright. "Our Gang" was still popular and MGM wanted to keep getting the films for the theatres along with MGM's feature films.
Upon arrival at MGM, "Our Gang" would be revamped and based in the fictitious town of Greenpoint. The entries were initially well made but evolved into morality lessons. Film critic Leonard Maltin stated that the MGM "Our Gang" episodes were inferior to the Roach produced episodes. MGM continued producing the 10-minute shorts of "Our Gang" until 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="19411136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411136" title="Stoned Soul Picnic (song)">
Stoned Soul Picnic (song)

"Stoned Soul Picnic" is a 1968 song by Laura Nyro. The best-known version of the song was recorded by The 5th Dimension, and was the first single released from their album of the same title. It was the most successful single from that album, reaching #3 on the U.S. Pop chart and #2 on the "Billboard" R&B chart. The song was also recorded by its composer, Nyro, and released on her "Eli and the Thirteenth Confession" album in the same year.
The word "surry", used frequently in the lyric (e.g. "Surry down to a stoned soul picnic"), is a neologism by Nyro; its meaning is unclear. The verb "surry" is spelled differently from the noun "surrey" (an old-time carriage). When asked by producer Charlie Calello what the word meant, Nyro told him, "Oh, it's just a nice word."
The British pop group Swing Out Sister recorded a cover version on their 1997 album, "Shapes and Patterns". It was covered by Julie London on her 1969 album "Yummy, Yummy, Yummy"; and by the New York Voices on their 2007 album "A Day Like This". It also appeared on the 2004 album Don't Talk, recorded by British jazz singer Claire Teal.

</doc>
<doc id="19411139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411139" title="The Storm (play)">
The Storm (play)

The Storm (, sometimes translated as "The Thunderstorm") is a drama in five acts by the 19th-century Russian playwright Aleksandr Ostrovsky. As with Ostrovsky's other plays, "The Storm" is a work of social criticism, which is directed particularly towards the Russian merchant class.
History.
Ostrovsky wrote the play between July and October 1859. He read it in Lyubov Nikulina-Kositskaya's Moscow flat to the actors of the Maly Theatre to a great response. To make sure the play makes it through censorship barrier the author made a trip to the capital where he had hard time convincing censor Nordstrom that in Kabanikha he hadn't shown the late Tsar Nikolai I. It was premiered on November 16, 1859, as actor Sergei Vasiliev's benefice to a great success.
In Saint Petersburg the play was being produced, as in Moscow, under the personal supervision of its author. Katerina there was played by young and elegant Fanny Snetkova who gave lyrical overtones to the character. In both cities the play angered most of the theatre critics but appealed to audiences and was a tremendous box office success.
Reception.
"The Storm" provoked fierce debate in the Russian press of the time concerning moral issues. While Vasily Botkin was raving about "the elemental poetic force emerging from secret depths of a human soul... for Katerina's love is a woman's nature thing exactly in the way that any of climactic cataclysm is a thing of physical nature", critic Nikolai Filippov lambasted the play as an "example of vulgar primitivism", calling Katerina "shameless" and the scene of rendezvous in Act III "scabrous". Mikhail Shchepkin was highly skeptical too, especially about "those two episodes that take place behind the bushes". Stepan Shevyryov wrote about the decline of a Russian comedy and drama, which was "sliding down the ranking stairs" to the bottom of social hierarchy.

</doc>
<doc id="19411150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411150" title="1963 ABC Championship">
1963 ABC Championship

The 1963 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Taipei, Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19411164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411164" title="HLA-Cw4">
HLA-Cw4


</doc>
<doc id="19411192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411192" title="Get Dead or Die Trying">
Get Dead or Die Trying

Get Dead or Die Trying is the debut studio album by British death metal band The Rotted (formerly known as Gorerotted). "28 Days Later" is a cover of the soundtrack song "In the House - In a Heartbeat" from the film of the same name, composed by John Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="19411201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411201" title="Egret-class sloop">
Egret-class sloop

The "Egret" class sloops were a three ship class of a long-range escort vessels used in the Second World War by the Royal Navy. They were an enlarged version of the Bittern class sloop with an extra twin 4 inch gun mounting. They were fitted with Denny Brown stabilisers and the Fuze Keeping Clock anti-aircraft fire control system.
Ships.
Three ships were built; HMS "Auckland", HMS "Pelican" and HMS "Egret". "Egret" was lost to a guided missile. While patrolling in the Bay of Biscay, she was attacked by 18 Do 217 aircraft, one of which carried the Henschel Hs 293 guided bomb. "Auckland" was lost on 24 June 1941, to 48 Junkers 87 aircraft dive-bombing both her and HMAS "Parramatta", off the coast of Tobruk. "Pelican" survived until the end of the war, and was broken up in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19411212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411212" title="2006 UAB Blazers football team">
2006 UAB Blazers football team

The 2006 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 2006, and was the sixteenth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his twelfth season, and subsequently final as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their eleventh season at the I-A level, and eighth affiliated with a conference with a record of 3–9 (2–6 C-USA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19411221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411221" title="Soviet Union stamp catalogue">
Soviet Union stamp catalogue

Soviet Union stamp catalogue (or CPA catalogue) is a national catalogue of the RSFSR and USSR postage stamps and miniature sheets, which was being published in the USSR by the “Soyuzpechat” Central Philatelic Agency (CPA) and some other publishers by the Ministry of Communications. The catalogue usually republished in corpore around once in a 10–15 years. In between republications, additional issues came out every year. These issues contains descriptions of stamps and miniature sheets issued in USSR last year.
History.
Early Issues.
The first Soviet catalogue appeared in 1923 under the editorship of Fyodor Chuchin. In what follows, several more catalogues
were published under his editorship in 1920s.
Fourth edition of the Soviet Philatelic Association catalogue published in 1933 under the editorship of also included a listing of the USSR advertising stamps as well.
Postwar Issues.
In 1948 and 1951, two more catalogues of the USSR postage stamps were published by the Philatelic Office under the Book-selling Association of State Publishers (KOGIZ).
This first postwar catalogue included all the RSFSR and USSR postage issues, which appeared from 1921 to 1948, and stamps of the previous issues (circulated in 1918–1921) as well as special purpose stamps.
In 1955 in Moscow the next edition of the Soviet Union stamp catalogue was published. It was compiled by a team of authors including , , , and . It was printed by the Main Philatelic Office of the Ministry of Culture of the RSFSR.

</doc>
<doc id="19411235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411235" title="La Villette, Seine">
La Villette, Seine

La Villette was a French commune (municipality) in the Seine "département" lying immediately north-east of Paris. It was one of four communes entirely annexed by the city of Paris in 1860. Its territory is now located in the XIXe arrondissement, but a neighborhood has retained its name: the "quartier de La Villette" and the "Parc de la Villette".
A Gallo-Roman village stood here along the Roman road that led north from Lutetia. About 1198 the district was named the "Villa Nova Sancti Lazari", in French "Ville Neuf Saint-Ladre", the "new village of Saint-Ladre", which referred to the leper hospice dedicated to the lepers' patron Saint Lazare (Ladre); it became "Villette-Saint-Ladre-lez-Paris" in a document of 1426.
In 1790 the Constituent Assembly of Revolutionary France raised the hamlet to the status of a commune.

</doc>
<doc id="19411279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411279" title="The Boxing Kangaroo">
The Boxing Kangaroo

The Boxing Kangaroo is an 1896 British short black-and-white silent documentary film, produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul's peep show Kinetoscopes, featuring a young boy boxing with a kangaroo. The film was considered lost until footage from an 1896 Fairground Programme, originally shown in a portable booth at Hull Fair by Midlands photographer George Williams, donated to the National Fairground Archive was identified as being from this film.
It was one of at least four boxing-themed films Acres produced in 1896, the others being "Boxing Match; or, Glove Contest", "A Boxing Match in Two Rounds by Sgt. Instructor F.Barrett and Sgt. Pope" and "A Prize Fight by Jem Mace and Burke". The following year, German filmmaker Max Skladanowsky made a similar film depicting a man boxing with a kangaroo, entitled "Das boxende Känguruh". 

</doc>
<doc id="19411289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411289" title="New York State Route 194">
New York State Route 194

New York State Route 194 (NY 194) was a state highway that was located in Lewis County, New York. It began at an intersection with NY 177 in Barnes Corners, a hamlet within the town of Pinckney, and progressed northeast to its northern terminus at a junction with NY 12 in Copenhagen.
When NY 194 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, it extended northeast through Copenhagen to NY 26 in Denmark. It was truncated to NY 12 in the late 1930s. On April 1, 1980, ownership and maintenance of NY 194 was transferred from the state of New York to Lewis County as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government. NY 194 was the only highway transferred to the county as part of the swap. The NY 194 designation was removed just over one month later. Most of its former routing is now County Route 194 (CR 194).
Route description.
NY 194 began at an intersection with NY 177 in the hamlet of Barnes Corners within the town of Pinckney in Lewis County. The route first went northward, intersecting with CR 21, where it turned to the northeast. NY 194 continued to the northeast, entering the Pinckney State Reforestation Area. McDown Road, a dirt road, intersected with NY 194 just before the main highway entered the hamlet of Forks Number Two. NY 194 left Forks Number Two and went on towards Copenhagen. Now in the town of Pinckney, NY 194 made several turns in direction until entering the hamlet of Pinckney Corners. At this point NY 194 was edging ever closer to Copenhagen, the largest municipality along the highway.
NY 194 left the town of Pinckney and entered the area of Copenhagen about north of Pinckney Corners. The route downgraded in elevation and entered Copenhagen. In the heart of the village, NY 194 passed a few businesses and the central school before terminating at an intersection with NY 12.
History.
NY 194 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to an alignment extending from NY 177 in Barnes Corners in the southwest to NY 26 in the northeast via Copenhagen. It was truncated to NY 12 . On April 1, 1980, ownership and maintenance of NY 194 was transferred from the state of New York to Lewis County as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government. It was the only highway transferred to the county as part of the swap. The NY 194 designation was removed on May 12 of that year. Its former routing from Whitesville Road to NY 12 is now CR 194 while the small portion that was on Whitesville Road is now part of CR 21.

</doc>
<doc id="19411292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411292" title="1991 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1991 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

David Wheaton was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Jaime Yzaga won the title, defeating Jimmy Arias 6–3, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19411306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411306" title="John Steven Sutherland">
John Steven Sutherland

John Steven Sutherland (born 11 March 1983) is an American pop singer signed with Fearless Management. Formerly he was a member of an American boy band project called B3.
Beginnings.
John Sutherland was discovered Mickey Mouse Club casting director Matt Casella, as John shined through thousands of hopefuls throughout the United States to land a role on a Disney Channel television show. John relocated to New York City after performing and training in over 15 regional theater productions in Ohio. John was cast for a feature role in episodes of NBC crime drama “Law and Order”.
In the boy band B3 (2001-2004).
In 2001. John Sutherland became a founding member of the boy band B3 alongside Timothy Andrew Cruz (Tim Cruz) and Rod Michael. When Michael left by end of 2002, he was replaced by Blair Madison Late. B3 was successful in Europe particularly Germany and were signed to BMG (in Germany). Their biggest hit was "I.O.I.O.", a cover of a Bee Gees song that was #4 in Germany in 2002 and was in charts in many European and Asian countries (including Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Thailand). Their first album "First" went gold in Germany.
Discography with B3:
Solo career (2005-present).
When B3 disbanded in December 2004, John Sutherland continued with a solo career with Fearless Management. 
John has also worked with producer/songwriter/composer Peter Wolf creating a duet for the title track of the animated feature film "The Nutcracker and Mouse King". He sang the lead male vocals alongside American artist Sophie B. Hawkins. 
Wolf also organized for him a series of concerts in Austria. The project was called "Sound Cloud" and the music was released on the album "Sense-ation" distributed by Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19411309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411309" title="Charles de Salis (bishop)">
Charles de Salis (bishop)

Biography.
Born in Fringford, Oxfordshire on 18th or 9 March 1860 into an occasionally clerical family, he was educated at Eton and Exeter College, Oxford. Ordained in 1883 he was Curate at St. Michael's, Coventry, Vicar of Milverton, then East Brent and Prebendary of Coombe before a 19 year stint as Suffragan Bishop of Taunton. He died on 24 January 1942 and is commemorated in a memorial on the west wall of Wells Cathedral. His paternal grandfather (a pre-Tractarian) was Jerome, 4th Count de Salis-Soglio. William Fane de Salis was an uncle, Lord Bishop Foster a great-grandfather, and John Francis Charles, 7th Count de Salis-Soglio was a first cousin once removed. His names Charles and Fane were derived from his ancestor Charles, 1st Viscount Fane.
Family.
He was the fourth and youngest son of Rev. Count Henry Jerome Augustine Fane de Salis, (born Pisa 16.2.1828, died Virginia Water 18.2.1915), of Portnall Park. He was educated at Eton c1841 and then Exeter College, Oxford (M.A.). Later he was a JP (for Surrey), and sometime chairman of Egham's Holloway Sanatorium, and of the Old Windsor Board of Guardians. Henry was Rector of Fringford, Bicester, Oxfordshire from 1852 until 1872 when he inherited Portnall Park, Virginia Water, Staines, Surrey from his brother-in-law, Colonel Thomas-Chaloner Bisse-Challoner (1788-1872) (High Sheriff, Surrey, 1838). He had married, on 29.3.1853, (Minnie) Grace Elizabeth Henley, (born 8.7.1823, died Virginia Water 28.8.1898), daughter of the Rt. Hon. Joseph Warner Henley, MP (he was part of Lord Derby's capable but infamous Who? Who? Ministry), of Waterperry House, Oxfordshire, by his wife Georgina (d.1864) (married 9 Dec. 1817), fourth daughter of John Fane (d.1824) of Wormsley, MP, by his wife Lady Elizabeth Parker (d.1829), daughter of Thomas, 3rd Earl of Macclesfield. Joseph Warner Henley's great-grandfather (Francis) came to England from Cork as a cabin boy and became a London waterman.
Wife.
Bishop Charles married, on 21.7.1896, Lady Mary Alice (28.6.1863 - 11.1.1930) daughter of Thomas Augustus Wolstenholme Parker, 6th Earl of Macclesfield, by Lady Mary Frances, daughter of Richard Grosvenor, 2nd Marquess of Westminster. They had two daughters and a son who died in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19411313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411313" title="Bagljaš">
Bagljaš

Bagljaš () is a part of the city of Zrenjanin. It is named after a Slovakian family named Bagljas which used to have vineyards in that area. The family still has descendants in the village of Aradac. One part of the area was a graveyard that during the Second World War became a place where fascist occupiers systematically killed partisans and patriots, among whom was the famous Sonja Marinković. A monument has been erected and the graveyard removed. 
Bagljaš was urbanised after the Second World War as a "city inside a city" so that it has a particular urban wholeness. It consists of the New and Old Bagljaš, which are separated by the Boulevard of Veljko Vlahović.
Bagljas has more than 20,000 inhabitants and is the biggest part of Zrenjanin. There is a primary school, "Petar Petrovic Njegoš", a health center, and a new secondary medical school is currently being built. It lies on the exit from Zrenjanin towards Novi Sad. West of Bagljas, a new urban industrial zone being built. Administratively, Bagljas is split into two: the North, called after the Sonja Marinković and the South, Veljko Vlahović.
There is also a Zrenjanin sport airport, where famous competitions of scooter such as European Championship in free flying.

</doc>
<doc id="19411320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411320" title="Andreas Horvath">
Andreas Horvath

Andreas Horvath (born 25 August 1968 in Salzburg, Austria) is a photographer and filmmaker. He studied photography at the "Graphische Bundes- Lehr- und Versuchsanstalt" in Vienna (1990-1992) and film at the Multimedia Art School "Techno-Z" in Salzburg (1996-2000).
His photo albums include Cowboys and Indians (1993), Yakutia - Siberia of Siberia (2003) and Heartlands - Sketches of Rural America (2007).
His filmography includes the documentaries "This ain't no Heartland (AT, 2004), Views of a Retired Night Porter (AT, 2005), Arab Attraction (AT, 2010) and Earth´s Golden Playground" (AT, 2013). His films won first prizes at festivals like the Chicago International Documentary Festival, the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival or the Max Ophüls Preis Festival. In 2013 Horvath received the "Outstanding Artist Award" of the Austrian Ministry of Culture.
In the years 2007 and 2008 Andreas Horvath also directed four music videos for the British singer and songwriter Sarah Nixey.
Books.
Heartlands - Sketches of Rural America (Fotohof, Salzburg 2007 - ISBN 978-3-901756-90-0)
Yakutia - Siberia of Siberia (Benteli, Bern 2003 - ISBN 3-7165-1295-8)
Cowboys and Indians (Edition S, Vienna 1993 - ISBN 3-7046-0358-9)
Filmography.
2013 - Earth´s Golden Playground (documentary - 106 min.)
2011 - Postcard from Somova, Romania (documentary - 20 min.)
2010 - Arab Attraction (documentary - 118 min.)
2009 - The Passion According to the Polish Community of Pruchnik (documentary - 30 min.)
2006 - Views of a Retired Night Porter (documentary – 38 min.)
2004 - This ain't no Heartland (documentary – 105 min.)
2002 - The Silence of Green (documentary – 48 min.)
1999 - Poroerotus (documentary – 45 min.)
1999 - Adam and Eve (AIDS public awareness cinema spot – 1 min.)
1998 - Clearance (short – 17 min.)
1995 - Wienzeile (six cinema ads for the literary magazine WIENZEILE)

</doc>
