<doc id="19324123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324123" title="Old Traditions, New Standards">
Old Traditions, New Standards

Old Traditions, New Standards is the debut album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. It was produced by Pat Maley. Tracks were recorded at Avast Studios in Seattle, WA and mixed at Yoyo Studios in Olympia, Washington. The album was originally released on Harriet Records out of Cambridge, MA. Perhaps the band's best known song "Pop Songs Your New Boyfriend's Too Stupid To Know About" first appeared on this LP. Robynn Iwata from the band cub provided guest vocals on the song "Josie," and Chris Munford from the band Incredible Force of Junior provided guest vocals on the song "Mental Obsession." The album reached #22 on the CMJ Top 200 chart. The song "Pop Songs Your New Boyfriend's Too Stupid to Know About" was listed as essential listening in Pitchfork Media's 2005 article on Twee Pop entitled "Twee as Fuck."
Track listing.
1. "Willie Goes To The Seashore"
2. "Josie"
3. "Mental Obsession"
4. "Wish I'd Kept A Scrapbook"
5. "Superboy & Supergirl"
6. "Sweet"
7. "Dollywood"
8. "Pop Songs Your New Boyfriend's Too Stupid To Know About"
9. "Then Again, Maybe I Don't"
10. "Meet Me In Las Vegas"
11. "Cammy & The Count"
12. "Miracles Are Hard To Find"
Controversy.
In 2007 the song "Sweet" was used in a television commercial for the hot-dog chain Wienerschnitzel. The song was licensed without the band's knowledge or permission. The licensing was handled by Darla, the California-based record label that had reissued the album "Old Traditions, New Standards". Needless to say, the band was upset when they learned of the commercial, and a dispute between Tullycraft and Darla ensued.

</doc>
<doc id="19324134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324134" title="Bobô (footballer born 1962)">
Bobô (footballer born 1962)

Raimundo Nonato Tavares da Silva, commonly known by the nickname Bobô (born November 28, 1962), is a retired Brazilian professional football right midfielder and head coach, who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs.
Playing career.
Born on November 28, 1962 in Senhor do Bonfim, before becoming a professional player, Bobô played for local amateur club Bahia Jovem, then he joined Catuense's youth squad after the club's head coach, João Correia, observed him playing. In 1982, he started his professional career playing for Catuense, where he stayed through 1984. In 1985, he joined Bahia, where he won three times the Campeonato Baiano (in 1986, in 1987 and in 1988), and also won the 1988 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, scoring six goals in the competition, including two in the first leg of the final, and winning that year's Placar magazine's Bola de Prata award. He stayed at Bahia until 1989, when he was signed by São Paulo for US$1 million. He scored three goals in the 18 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A games that he played for São Paulo, winning the 1989 Bola de Prata, and that year's Campeonato Paulista. After leaving São Paulo during the 1990 season, he played for Flamengo, winning that season's Copa do Brasil, joining Flamengo's rivals, Fluminense in 1991, leaving the club in 1992, and playing for Corinthians and Internacional in 1993. In 1994, due to a judicial dispute with Corinthians, he ended the year without playing a game, but in the following year, he resumed playing, after returning to Catuense. In the same year, he returned to Bahia, retiring in 1997. Bobô played his farewell game on July 1, 1997 in a friendly tournament game between Bahia and Palmeiras.
National team.
Bobô played three games for the Brazil national team in 1989, the first against Paraguay on April 12, while the other two against Peru, on May 10 and on May 24, winning the first two games, the results were, respectively 2–0, 4–1 and 1–1.
Non-playing career.
After retiring from playing football, Bobô worked as a sports commentator for Rede Bandeirantes. He worked as Bahia's youth squad head coach in 2000, then was promoted as the main team's head coach in 2002, winning the Campeonato do Nordeste in that year. He resigned as Bahia's head coach in April 2003, after his club was defeated by Paraná 3–1, a result that left the club in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A's penultimate position. He was appointed as the club's director of football on March 4, 2005, resigning from the job in July of the same year. In 2006, Bobô worked as the host of Rede Bandeirantes' sports news show Esporte Total Bahia, before being appointed in December by Bahia state's Governor Jaques Wagner as general director of SUDESB (Superintendência dos Desportos do Estado da Bahia, meaning Bahia State's Sports Superintendency).
Honors.
Besides winning the Bola de Prata in 1988 and in 1989, Bobô won the following honors during his playing career:

</doc>
<doc id="19324152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324152" title="Sebastian Ruthenberg">
Sebastian Ruthenberg

Sebastian Ruthenberg (born 6 February 1984 in Hamburg) is a German professional poker player who is both a World Series of Poker bracelet and a European Poker Tour title winner.
World Series of Poker.
Ruthenberg has six cashes at the World Series of Poker, two of them were at the 2008 WSOP, In his first cash he finished in 68th place in the $2,500 No Limit Hold'em event. In his second cash he won the $5,000 Seven Card Stud Hi-Low World Championship, the bracelet and $328,762 after defeating professional poker player Chris Ferguson during heads-up play.
European Poker Tour.
Ruthenberg has cashed eight times at the European Poker Tour (EPT) and was the winner of fifth season of the 2008 PokerStars.com EPT Barcelona Open, earning €1,361,000 (US$1,941,401), but the last three Players decided to make a deal. He also made another final table earlier at the 2007 EPT Dortmund event earning €220,000 ($288,283) for third place. In December 2008 he nearly made another final table at fifth season EPT Prague where he finished in ninth place, earning €42,800. 
As of 2011, his total live tournament winnings exceed $3,400,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19324160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324160" title="Who Are They, These Rock Stars?">
Who Are They, These Rock Stars?

Who Are They, These Rock Stars? is a live music video by the rock band You Am I, with the video recorded by Triple J at the launch of their seventh album, Convicts. The launch took place at the Sydney Royal Mint and was a themed event, with the crowd invited to attend in Victorian clothing. It was hosted by Triple J's Robbie Buck with a band introduction by 'Governor' Tex Perkins, both of whom were also suitably attired. The DVD also features the two film clips released after the band's previous DVD, The Cream & The Crock, as well as two photo galleries and an exclusive interview shot on the set of the 'It Ain't Funny How We Don't Talk Anymore' video.

</doc>
<doc id="19324173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324173" title="List of Nature Conservation Act endangered flora of Queensland">
List of Nature Conservation Act endangered flora of Queensland

This is a list of the flora of Queensland listed as "Endangered" under the Nature Conservation Act 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19324191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324191" title="William Lindsay Everard">
William Lindsay Everard

Sir William Lindsay Everard (13 March 1891 – 11 March 1949) was a brewer, politician, and philanthropist from Leicestershire, United Kingdom. As the founder and supporter of the Ratcliffe Aerodrome, Sir Lindsay was a pioneer aviator, knighted for his crucial efforts in World War II with the Air Transport Auxiliary (ATA). He controlled Everards Brewery for nearly 25 years and was a member of parliament.
Pioneer Aviator.
Wartime aviation has changed the course of history and Sir Lindsay Everard is an important contributor to its development. In 1930, Sir Lindsay opened Ratcliffe Aerodrome on near his estate and Ratcliffe College. He had become President of the Leicester Aeroclub in 1928, purchasing the club a de Havilland Gipsy Moth in 1929. Named "The Quorn", the club used Carts Field at Desford. A large air show brought 30,000 spectators to the site. Sir Lindsay purchased a de Havilland Puss Moth that he named "The Leicestershire", and sold in July 1932. He also favoured the Percival Gull Four P.1.B Mk. IIa.
Ratcliffe Aerodrome opened with a 'Grand Air Pageant' on 6 September 1930. Famed aviator Amy Johnson made an unexpected trip from London to participate with Sir Sefton Brancker, Director of Civil Aviation. Some 5000 spectators were treated to a show with 100 planes and staged bombings of Chinese pirates. There was one crash, but no one was killed. Ratcliffe Aerodrome was one of the finest in civil aviation with a comfortable clubhouse and an outdoor pool. The hangars were first class and the many air shows and displays had the atmosphere of a garden party.
Sir Lindsay was not a pilot himself, but hired personal pilots to travel throughout the world and participate in air racing events. He owned a de Havilland Dragon, an 8-seat aircraft, with which they won the Oasis Trophy in Cairo. With pilot Lt. Com. Phillips he won the Grosvenor Cup Air Race. Among his personal pilots were Winifred Spooner, a celebrated woman aviator, and Albert Codling, Sir Lindsay's Chief Inspector responsible for the maintenance of all his aircraft. Sir Lindsay was supportive of every aspect of aviation, including gliders. He was the first president of the Model Aero Club. His airmail postage stamp collection was sold by H.R. Harmer of London on 19 and 20 October 1953 in 530 lots.
The County Flying Club was formed at Ratcliffe and in 1938 moved to a field at Rearsby on land owned by Sir Lindsay. Another member of the County Flying Club, Alexander Lance Wykes, was the managing director of Crowthers Limited, a Thurmaston company, that manufactured textile machinery. In 1938, Wykes negotiated a license agreement with American manufacturer Taylorcraft to build a light aeroplane in England. It was designated the Taylorcraft "Plus C" model and the first one built was brought by road to Sir Lindsay's Aerodrome where it made its maiden flight on 3 May 1939. This aircraft became an important part of the war effort in World War II and a production order of 100 aircraft designated the Taylorcraft-Auster Mk 1 was placed in 1942. The Auster continued to be an important and popular plane long after the war.
With the onset of World War II, civil flying was suspended on 31 August 1939. Ratcliffe Aerodrome had a central location that made it an important field for the ATA, a network of civilian pilots that ferried new aircraft from the factories and those that needed repair. Ratcliffe Aerodrome was ferry pool no. 6 of the original 14 started in 1942. The Aerodrome grew larger during the war, adding new facilities. Some 50,000 ferrry flights passed through this ideal staging ground.
When the ATA was disbanded, the event was commemorated by an air show on 6 October 1945 that included Geoffrey de Havilland. Sir Lindsay was knighted during the war for services to aviation and commerce. The Leicester Aeroclub reformed in 1947 and drew a crowd of 10,000 for an event in 1949. Sir Lindsay died that year and his estate was sold to non-flyers. Ratcliffe Aerodrome closed on 25 March 1950. It fell into disrepair with some of the buildings being used as barns for the surrounding farms.
Career and Philanthropy.
Sir Lindsay took over the business of Everards Brewery in 1925 and remained in that position until his death in 1949. Everards was founded in 1849 by William Everard, was managed by his son Thomas, and then Sir Lindsay. The brewery specialises in ales and has more than 150 pubs around Leicestershire. The brewery was in Burton upon Trent when Sir Lindsay was in control. His son Tony Everard ran the business from 1949 to 1988 and saw the business move back to Leicester.
Sir Lindsay was elected High Sheriff of Leicestershire in 1924. That same year (and in 1929, 1931, and 1935) Sir Lindsay was elected the Member of Parliament for Melton as a Conservative. In 1924 he also played a first-class cricket match for Leicestershire.
Sir Everard offered wide support to the community of Leicestershire. His contributions of land and resources to the nascent civil flying clubs in the area are detailed above. In 1927, Sir Lindsay acquired Ulverscroft Priory, a mid-13th century Augustinian house, preserving the decaying ruins from total destruction. In 1930, Sir Lindsay built Bradgate Hall to replace the wooden restaurant used for village events.
Personal.
Sir William Lindsay Everard was born on 13 March 1891 in Knighton, Leicester and attended Harrow School and Trinity College Cambridge.
He resided in Ratcliffe Hall in Ratcliffe on the Wreake. Sir Lindsay married Cornelia Ione Kathleen Beresford-Armstrong, Lady Everard, daughter of Captain Marcus Beresford-Armstrong. Their children included Patrick Anthony William Beresford Everard and Bettyne Ione and granddaughters Lady Denyne Butler & Katherine Elizabeth Everard Bell Sir Lindsay died on 11 March 1949 in Torquay, Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="19324207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324207" title="Antirrhinum virga">
Antirrhinum virga

Antirrhinum virga (syn. "Sairocarpus virga") is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name tall snapdragon. 
It is endemic to the North Coast Ranges of northern California, where it grows in rocky chaparral, sometimes on serpentine soils. This is a hairless perennial herb producing erect, non-climbing stems from a woody caudex. The inflorescence is a raceme atop the stem filled loosely with pink snapdragon flowers. Each flower is between one and two centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="19324213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324213" title="Mai Fujii">
Mai Fujii

Mai Fujii (藤井 舞 "Fujii Mai", born 12 April 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.

</doc>
<doc id="19324215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324215" title="Hits Now!">
Hits Now!

Hits Now! is a 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global. Its playlist is composed of mostly Top 40 (CHR) music from artists such as Rihanna, Katy Perry, Taylor Swift, Bruno Mars, Ke$ha, The Black Eyed Peas, and Usher among others, that mainly targets listeners ages 18–49. Hits Now! is the only 24-hour CHR/Top 40 music format currently offered via satellite in the United States; Cumulus Media offers a Hot AC format, and Dial Global offers two (one Total and one Local). However, ABC Radio offered a satellite-delivered CHR format in the early 1990s called "The Heat." 
The "Hits Now!", Jack FM, and KPIG formats were new to Dial Global in 2008 (KPIG has since been discontinued). From 2007 to 2008, a format known as "Rhythm Mix AC" aired in Hits Now!'s slot; Rhythm Mix AC was a rhythmic adult contemporary format inspired by formats such as MOViN. Prior to 2007, the slot was held by a soft adult contemporary music format, which had originated with Transtar.
Hits Now! is now available only in a Local version from Dial Global; it is no longer available as a Dial Global Total offering as of June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19324218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324218" title="OutWrite">
OutWrite

OutWrite is University of California, Los Angeles' lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, (LGBT) intersex, queer, pan-sexual, fluid, and ally newsmagazine. "OutWrite", formerly called "TenPercent", was established in 1979 and was the first LGBT collegiate newsmagazine in the nation.
"OutWrite" provides coverage of political and social issues and events that occur in the LGBT community at UCLA and beyond.
"OutWrite" was started by Clay Doyle, a UCLA student. The original name, "TenPercent", was inspired by the research study Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (Alfred Kinsey, 1948), which found that 10% of males were predominantly homosexual. The name was later changed to "OutWrite" through a staff petition in 2005, claiming that the title was connected to a legacy of white, gay-male-centricity within the magazine.
"OutWrite" is one of UCLA Student Media's seven student-run newsmagazines on UCLA's campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19324221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324221" title="Heavy Nova (video game)">
Heavy Nova (video game)

Heavy Nova is a video game for the Sega Mega-CD, Sega Mega Drive/Genesis, and Sharp X68000 that combines elements of fighting games with platform games and mission elements. It was released in 1991 and distributed to Japan and the United States and quickly became known as kusoge. Players assume the role of a robot operator destined to earn the highest operator rank. To do so, the robot – known in the game as a Heavy DOLL – must complete a combat training camp which prompts the 2D Platformer stages. The player then must combat other Heavy DOLLs as the end-level bosses which prompts the 2D fighting elements.
Story.
Sometime in Earth's future, it came to mankind's realization that the Earth's natural resources were starting to decline, but despite every nation's attempts, the Earth's environment and resources continued thin. Suddenly, an alien race appeared in the Solar System. Hailing from the planet Akirov, the aliens had been observing Earth for centuries and arrived in order to save it. With their technological help, Earth's environment was replenished and Human's were able to travel deeper into space. By the year 2102, mankind was finally at peace thanks to the Akirovians. 
Ten years later, a plot to enslave mankind was discovered to be a part of the Akirovian's plans and a war waged between the two. Eight years later, the Akirovians lost and left the Solar System. The primary machines for Earth's victory came from original Akirovian designed machines: giant remote controlled robots first used to design and repair Earth's satellite and colony structures. The robots were favored as Earth's primary line of defense and were dubbed the Heavy D.O.L.L's (Defensive Offensive Lethal Liberator).
Now taking place in 2120, the prospect of earning the highest combat ranking for a Heavy D.O.L.L, the rank of Heavy Nova, has become a long desired military rank. The player assumes the role of such a person attempting to earn that rank who must go through training and combat situations to prove their abilities.
Gameplay.
Heavy Nova's Single Player game play is separated into two sections: a Platformer section and a Fighting Game section. The player has to destroy every possible enemy robot in the Platformer sections and make it to the end in order to fight the boss awaiting them. The player has various attacks at their disposal with the Idar, most of which they were able to use during combat with the bosses in the Fighting Game stages. During the Fighting Game Stages/Boss Fights, the player had to defeat the boss using various Fighting Game attacks such as a button command that allowed missiles to launch from the Idar's hand. However, both Heavy D.O.L.L robots, player and enemy, has an energy bar under their health meter; the energy bar measures how much strength the player or enemy has in order to move their robot. Taking too much damage results in energy depletion. Once the player's energy was depleted to two bars, the player robot cannot move, leaving the player completely vulnerable to enemy attacks. 
Alternatively, the 2 Player mode pitches two players against each other using all of the enemy robot models encountered in the game.
Reception.
Heavy Nova received very poor reviews. "Mega" said that "badly animated robots, appalling music and terribly unresponsive controls as much fun as colouring in each square on a piece of graph paper with a different pen... with a headache... listening to Max Bygraves." Classic Game Room's Mark Bussler praised its intro cutscene, but called it "possibly the worst video game I've ever played", criticizing the clumsy controls, uninspired level design, and flawed collision detection that turns the boss fights into a matter of "simply mashing buttons and hoping for the best". 

</doc>
<doc id="19324225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324225" title="Cannon Rocks">
Cannon Rocks

Cannon Rocks is a small seaside town on the Indian Ocean in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, between Boknes and the boundary of the Greater Addo Elephant Park. It is situated 135 km to the east of Port Elizabeth and 180 km west of East London approximately 15 minutes from the town of Kenton-on-Sea. Port Alfred is approximately 30 km to the East of Cannon Rocks. Cannon Rocks is part of the Ndlambe Local Municipality in the Cacadu District of the Eastern Cape.
The town is named after two cannons of historical importance and is close to the Diaz cross, erected five centuries ago by Bartholomew Diaz, the first Portuguese ocean explorer to sail along the eastern coast of South Africa.
Cannon Rocks is a major marker for weather forecasts for the coastal belt. It divides two coastal sections: Plettenberg Bay to Cannon Rocks; and Cannon Rocks to Kei Mouth.
Geology.
There are outcrops in the sea close to Cannon Rocks of a coastal marine formation, the Salnova Formation. This formation occurs about 20 metres above sea level and comprises calcrete with quartzitic sandstone boulders and shell material.
Activities.
Cannon Rocks provides one of the best kitesurfing locations anywhere in the world. The town plays host every year to the Cannon Rocks Kiteboarding Classic competition.
And is regularly visited by some top Kiteboarders.
The major attraction is the unspoilt and uncrowded nature of the beaches, coupled to a stable and predictable south westerly and easterly wind which are both cross shore. These conditions are also enjoyed by Windsurfers.
The town is a premier rock and surf angling destination with the site of lone anglers making their way down the unspoilt beaches a beautiful sight. 
There is a charter company (Big Blue) in town that takes visitors on deep sea angling, snorkeling or scuba diving excursions. 
There is a two-hour drive that takes visitors through the Golden Mile dairy farms on the spectacular cliffs overlooking Bird Island and the world's biggest coastal dune field. The road turns into the state forest where century old trees form a dense canopy over the road. The road ends in Alexandria, where it branches back over the mountain to Cannon Rocks.
Two hiking trails begin in Cannon Rocks. The first (7 km) starts right at the western end of town at the Cannons and winds through the bush to a look-out over the coastal dunefield. It then goes back on the beach. It is advisable to wear a sun-hat and take water. 
The second trail is a two-day trail that can be booked through the Addo Elephant Park offices.
Economy.
Cannon Rocks is close to an area called "The Golden Mile" of dairy farming. It is a strip of land between the sea and the Woody Cape forest that is very well suited to dairy farming. This historically drove the development of the area.
Recent price collusion between major milk-buying companies Clover, Parmalat and Woodlands have left the once prosperous farmers facing bleak futures, with herds reduced and many farmers opting for beef cattle.
The economy of Cannon Rocks is primarily retirement housing, holiday houses and weekend visitors. The beaches are immaculately clean and safe due to the very low number of visitors and the fact that there is approximately 100 km of untouched bush and beaches to the west.
Cannon Rocks does not have a retail outlet and residents and visitors buy basic commodities in Boknesstrand or Kenton-on-Sea. Basically the only commercial activity is the Post Office Agency. Kenton-on-Sea also provides several banks and associated commercial activities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19324245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324245" title="Indo-Portuguese Museum">
Indo-Portuguese Museum

The Indo-Portuguese Museum is a museum in Fort Kochi, Kerala, India.
History.
The museum was established by the efforts of the late Dr. Joseph Kureethra, Bishop of Kochi, in a bid to protect and showcase the rich cultural heritage and Portuguese influence. This museum now showcases the Portuguese influences on Fort Kochi and the surrounding areas, especially, the western parts of Kochi. 
Features.
The museum has five main sections: Altar, Treasure, Procession, Civil Life and Cathedral. Among the pieces on display are a piece of the altar made in teak (16th century) from the Church of Our Lady of Hope, Vypeen, a chasuble (19th century) from Bishop's House, Fort Kochi, processional cross, which is a combination of silver and wood (17th century) from Santa Cruz Cathedral, Fort Kochi, Indo-Portuguese Monstrance (18-19th century), from The Church of Our Lady of Hope, Vypeen. 
The Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation has also contributed to the collection at the Indo-Portuguese Museum and has to its credit sculptures, precious metal objects and vestments, among others from the Cathedral of Santa Cruz and other churches of the Kochi diocese.
Location.
The museum is located inside the compound of the Bishop's House at Fort Kochi, geographic co-ordinates being . 

</doc>
<doc id="19324271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324271" title="Bryan Edward Quarles van Ufford">
Bryan Edward Quarles van Ufford

Bryan Edward Quarles van Ufford (27 May 1920, Semarang, Dutch East Indies — 21 September 1975 Leiden) was a diplomat from the Netherlands. He was Dutch ambassador to Luxembourg. Later he served as the leader of the Dutch delegation to the Mutual and Balanced Force Reductions (MBFR) exploratory talks in Vienna in early 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19324277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324277" title="The Holyland (Wisconsin)">
The Holyland (Wisconsin)

The Holyland is an American region located mainly in northeastern Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin and southern Calumet County. The area is known for its distinctive agricultural landscape, a close-knit community life, and deep Roman Catholicism brought by Germans who began settling the region in the 1840s. The area has been studied as an example of chain migration. It has been called "The Holyland" since at least 1898.
Location.
The Holyland area is located in the region east of the southern end of Lake Winnebago and it crosses political boundaries. It is primarily in Fond du Lac and Calumet counties, with a small area in the northwest corner of Sheboygan County. Towns include Taycheedah, Calumet, and all of Marshfield in Fond du Lac County and Brothertown and New Holstein in Calumet County. Communities include Calvary, Charlesburg, Jericho, Johnsburg, Marytown, Mount Calvary, St. Anna, St. Cloud, St. Joe, and St. Peter. Eden, Wisconsin is not considered part of this region.
History.
Origin.
Reverend Casper Rehrl was a missionary who founded Roman Catholic churches in the area. Between 1841 and 1870, ten German Catholic parishes were established in the Holyland. The church sites, which were mostly named after saints, eventually grew into communities. German-speaking Roman Catholics immigrated to the Holyland from the Vulkaneifel region of Rhenish Prussia in the late 19th century. Many of the immigrants came from the municipalities of Daun and Adenau. Smaller communities and hamlets in that area include Kaperich, Nitz, Kirsbach, and Mürlenbach. Because the area had limited land available, experienced periodic crop failures, and was undergoing changes to its industry, immigrants left to find better economic conditions. According to M. Beth Schlemper's translation of Joseph Mergen's work "Die Amerika Auswanderung aus dem Landkreise Daun", "1838, the yield of potatoes was only average in quantity. The wine harvest hardly reached a fourth of a usual, average year and was at the same time of poorer quality. The fruit completely failed". Land had been divided among heirs for so many generations that farms were too small to be viable.
In another region of Prussia, Schleswig-Holstein, Denmark to the north was battling Prussia to the south in the 1840s. Emigrants from that area also found their way to the Holyland, especially in the area around New Holstein.
Settlement in Wisconsin.
Immigrants began settling in Wisconsin in the 1830s. To get to Wisconsin, they typically traveled across the Atlantic Ocean to New York City, then up the Hudson River to the Erie Canal, and followed the Erie Canal across New York state to Buffalo. From Buffalo they traversed the Great Lakes to Wisconsin. Those who settled the Holyland traveled across forested land to a settlement in Calumetville. Calumetville's hotel had been established by George White in 1835. It was on the only road through the region, a north-south military road. White became friends with immigrant Ferdinand Ostenfeld, who described the poor conditions in his original homeland. White asked Ostenfeld to return to his original homeland with him in late 1847 to convince others to come to America. White later sold land to some of these immigrants.
A ship left Prussia on April 2, 1848 carrying 198 passengers, with almost every passenger an immigrant from Prussia or Schleswig-Holstein. The group arrived in New York on May 12. Their Great Lakes vessel arrived in Sheboygan on May 22 and they arrived at Calumetville on May 25.
A second settlement formed at Johnsburg, and within two years the group had founded a church called St. Johannes Gemeinde (German for "St. John's Congregation," now St. John the Baptist). Johnsburg church historian Benjamin Blied said, "Most of immigrants, more or less antagonistic to being governed by Protestant Prussia ever since the defeat of Napoleon, left their homes along the Mosel River between Trier and Koblenz hoping primarily to better their economic condition in the new world." Over the next few years, Johnsburg became the core for the growing area. A second wave of immigrants arrived in the 1860s and 1870s, some with families and friends from the first wave. The Capuchin religious order selected the Holyland for its first permanent American settlement. They founded a seminary (now St. Lawrence Seminary High School) in 1856 to train young men to become priests. Between 1841 and 1870, eleven parishes were founded in the Holyland. They were built as territorial churches to serve the people in the vicinity, not as national churches to serve immigrants of a particular ethnicity.
The introduction of the Sheboygan-Fond du Lac Railroad helped develop the communities, but the railroad declined after trucking became more cost effective.
Chain migration.
Chain migration is a process whereby early immigrants to an area send back information encouraging their relatives and friends to immigrate. An example is this letter from Michael Rodenkirch from December 26, 1846, 
Another influential item was Carl de Haas's 1848 report "Nordamerika, Wisconsin, Calumet: Winke für Auswanderer" ("Calumet, Wisconsin, North America: A Prospect for Emigrants") which was published in Elberfeld, Germany. After living in Calumet (now Calumetville) for six months, he prefaced the report, "Upon my departure from Germany I faithfully promised friends and acquaintances that I would send them within the year, a complete report of my observations during the journey from Elberfeld, Germany to Calumet, Wisconsin, and particularly of my experiences here." His account included detailed information for those considering immigrating, including provisions to bring along, conditions in Wisconsin, travel advice, and description of the land and wildlife. He described which ships to take from Germany and how to purchase and use farmland after arrival in Wisconsin.
Museum.
The history of the Holyland region is preserved in the Malone Area Heritage Museum. The museum is located in two buildings in Malone. One of these buildings was the train depot for the community; it is the only remaining depot left from the railroad that is not being used as a commercial structure. Malone, originally named St. John, was renamed after railroad official H. T. Malone.

</doc>
<doc id="19324278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324278" title="Massachusetts Route 145">
Massachusetts Route 145

Route 145 is a circuitous south–north urban state highway in Massachusetts. It is entirely within Suffolk County and primarily serves the peninsular town of Winthrop from East Boston and Revere.
Route description.
Although it is officially a south–north highway, Route 145 travels in each of the four main compass directions at some point along its route. Route 145 begins at the intersection of Neptune Road and Bennington Street in East Boston, just after the point where the Mass Pike/I-90 ends and becomes Route 1A. An access road from the Mass Pike/Route 1A junction travels a short distance on Neptune Road to Bennington Street, with a right turn onto Bennington Street marking the beginning of Route 145. Route 145 travels northeast along this major arterial street to the Orient Heights neighborhood and then bears right along Saratoga Street at Orient Heights Square. The route continues along Saratoga Street east until crossing into Winthrop over a bridge at Belle Isle Inlet. 
Route 145 travels a short distance down Main Street in Winthrop before turning right and traveling nearly due south along Pleasant Street. This residential section of Winthrop features Donovan's Beach which offers a view of the Boston skyline looking west-southwest across Logan Airport. Pleasant Street continues south then bears left a few times before becoming Washington Avenue, where Route 145 travels east to meet Veterans Road. At this intersection, Route 145 heads north along Veterans Road while traffic heading for Point Shirley and Deer Island continues to Shirley Street. Along Veterans Road the route heads north through Winthrop and then bears left at the intersection with the north end of Winthrop Shore Drive to become Crest Avenue and then Revere Street, heading generally northwest. 
Leaving Winthrop, Route 145 enters Revere and is called Winthrop Parkway, which travels north along the Atlantic Ocean past Revere's Beachmont neighborhood and meets Revere Beach Parkway at Eliot Circle. From the circle Route 145 travels south then west as the beginning of the westbound parkway. Technically the route ends as the parkway crosses under Route 1A after passing the Suffolk Downs area and travels less than to meet Route 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19324291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324291" title="Nanami Inoue">
Nanami Inoue

Nanami Inoue (井上 奈々朱 "Inoue Nanami", born 19 June 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.

</doc>
<doc id="19324295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324295" title="List of Nature Conservation Act vulnerable flora of Queensland">
List of Nature Conservation Act vulnerable flora of Queensland

This is a list of the flora of Queensland listed as "Vulnerable" under the Nature Conservation Act 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19324323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324323" title="Melina Merkouri Indoor Hall">
Melina Merkouri Indoor Hall

Rethymno Municipal Indoor Hall, AKA Melina Merkouri Indoor Hall is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in the city of Rethymno, on the Greek island of Crete. The seating capacity of the arena is 1,600 people. The arena is owned by the municipality of Rethymno. The arena is currently home to the Greek professional basketball team AGO Rethymno of the Greek A2 League.
History.
The hall was opened in the year 1992. The arena is named after the famous Greek actress and politician Melina Mercouri. In recent years, the arena's seating capacity has been increased from 1,100 to 1,600. This was done because of the fact that AGO Rethymno was going to compete in the Greek A1 League during the Greek League 2007-08 season. 
The final phase of the 2007 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship was held at the arena.

</doc>
<doc id="19324334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324334" title="Anulocaulis annulatus">
Anulocaulis annulatus

Anulocaulis annulatus is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name valley ringstem. It is endemic to the Mojave Desert of California, especially in the vicinity of Death Valley. This is a perennial herb growing a number of thin, erect stems sometimes exceeding a meter in height from a thick caudex. 
The smooth stems have darkened internodes at intervals which are glandular and sticky. The leaves are mostly located at the base of the plant. Each has a short petiole and a thick, bumpy blade up to 10 centimeters wide. The leaf is coated in large, stiff hairs with glandular bases. The branching inflorescence bears clusters of very hairy, tubular flowers. Each flower is just under a centimeter long with a greenish throat and a striped pink face. The fruit is a small, hard body about half a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="19324343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324343" title="Manning Innovation Awards">
Manning Innovation Awards

The Manning Innovation Awards are awarded by the Ernest C. Manning Awards Foundation to recognize and encourage innovation in Canada. By means of a nomination, Canadian resident citizens, who have demonstrated recent innovative talent in developing and successfully marketing a new concept, process or procedure, may be eligible for a Principal Award ($100,000), Award of Distinction ($25,000), or Innovation Award (2 at $10,000). 
The Manning Innovation Awards have been granted since 1982. The awards were the idea of David Mitchell, former CEO of Alberta Energy Company (a predecessor of the company now called Cenovus Energy). The awards are named for former Alberta Premier Ernest Manning. As of 2012, almost 250 people have received Manning Awards and almost $4,500,000 has been awarded Since 1992, the foundation has also handed out the Young Canadian Innovation Awards, honoring exceptional student projects from the Canada-Wide Science Fair.
The first winner of the Principal Award in 1982 was Phil Gold for his discovery of carcinoembryonic antigen, now widely used for cancer blood testing. Other notable winners include cardiology researcher Adolfo J. de Bold (1986) for his discovery of the heart hormone atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP); endocrinologist Jean Dussault (1988) for developing a test for congenital hypothyroidism; biologist Yoshio Masui (1990) for work on cell division; physicist Kenneth O. Hill (1995) for his work on photosensitivity in optical fiber; engineer James McEwen (1997), inventor of the microprocessor-controlled automatic tourniquet system for surgeries; and educational technologist Murray Goldberg (2004) for his development of the WebCT course management system.
The Young Canadian Award Program.
The Young Canadian Program, introduced in 1992, recognizes eight innovative projects selected by a team of judges at the annual Canada-Wide Science Fair. Each project receives $500, which is presented at the Science Fair award ceremonies. A further judging process then selects four projects from the eight to receive $4,000 Manning Young Canadian Innovation Awards at the annual awards dinner.

</doc>
<doc id="19324347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324347" title="Sex and Drugs and Jesus Christ">
Sex and Drugs and Jesus Christ

Sex and Drugs and Jesus Christ is the sixth album for Christian Death.
Album cover.
The cover for Sex and Drugs and Jesus Christ is an image of Jesus Christ in a self-made tourniquet, using heroin, an implicit attempt to incite controversy. The cover had an impact on the band, leading to a cancellation of shows in Boston. It was also censored in "NME" and "Melody Maker" magazine, with the "NME" rating it a 1 out of 10, saying "may the good lord strike them down." The controversy surrounding the cover art helped make "Sex and Drugs and Jesus Christ" Christian Death's highest selling album from the 1980s.
Track listing.
CD version contains the additional song "Tragedy" as track 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19324350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324350" title="Angela Calina">
Angela Calina

Angela Calina is a Filipino TV personality. She was a contestant and the first housemate to voluntarily exit the house in ABS-CBN's hit reality show . She is a local news anchor and TV host in Cebu City.
She was born in 1976 in Cebu City and currently a single mother to a one daughter named Aira. Angela's decision to leave the Big Brother house followed a TV Patrol World report that said burglars broke into her apartment unit in Barangay Mabolo, Cebu City and for the safety of her family.
She was recently seen in the PBB Celebrity Edition Victory Reunion Party along with the complete housemates for that season.

</doc>
<doc id="19324369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324369" title="CSS Alabama's Indian Ocean Expeditionary Raid">
CSS Alabama's Indian Ocean Expeditionary Raid

The CSS "Alabama's" Indian Ocean Expeditionary Raid commenced shortly after the CSS Alabama left the Cape of Good Hope and cruised across the Indian Ocean ultimately exiting via the Sunda Strait into the Java Sea from where she proceeded through the Karimata Strait past the west coast of Borneo before turning west towards Singapore. The raid lasted from about the end of September, 1863 to the end of November, 1863.
The primary area of operation during this expeditionary raid, was the central Indian Ocean, across the Tropic of Capricorn, steaming east toward the Dutch East Indies Indonesia.
Raid overview.
The CSS "Alabama" worked its way east from the Cape of Good Hope through rough weather, passing the islands of St. Peter and St. Paul in the Indian Ocean, which are about half way to the Strait of Sunda. The "Alabama" crossed the Tropic of Capricorn and conferred with the captain of an English bark, learning that the USS "Wyoming", a Yankee steamer, was patrolling in the Strait of Sunda with a tender, and anchorered nightly at Krakatoa Island.
Many of the ships intercepted during this period were English or Dutch ships. However on November 6, the "Alabama's" luck changed as Semmes learned from an English ship out of Foochow that the "Winged Racer", escorted by the USS "Wyoming" was coming out of the strait. The "Alabama" pursued and overhauled two English ships before coming upon the "Amanda", out of Boston, laden with sugar and hemp. Semmes and crew set the "Amanda" well alight by 10:00 pm.
Getting underway for the Strait of Sunda, "Alabama" sailed past Keyser Island, Beezee island and Sowbooks island, and then passed through the strait, on to Thwart-the-Way island and Stroom Rock, not finding the USS "Wyoming". However, on November 8, amidst a rain squall, the "Alabama" sighted sail and chased down the unescorted "Winged Racer". The crew and master were put in boats to row ashore to nearby land at North Island, and the "Racer" was burnt.
CSS "Alabama" then proceeded toward the China Sea, passing Sumatra and Java, and arrived in Gasper Strait. Around daylight, new sail was sighted, and a Yankee clipper headed toward the "Alabama" only to find the Confederate flag unfurled when Captain Semmes hoisted a change of colors. The clipper added topsails, and opened chase. Unfortunately for the clipper "Contest", a slack in the wind during the midday qualms allowed the "Alabama" to bring her within gun range. To the regret of Captain Semmes, he could not capture the new prize and outfit her for service in the Confederate Navy, and so he reluctantly burnt her.
From this raiding area in the Dutch East Indies, the CSS "Alabama" returned, via Singapore, to the Strait of Malacca.

</doc>
<doc id="19324386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324386" title="Communist Party of Canada candidates, 2008 Canadian federal election">
Communist Party of Canada candidates, 2008 Canadian federal election

This is list of Communist Party of Canada 2008 federal election candidates by riding and province.
Ontario.
Brampton—Springdale: Dimitrios (Jim) Kabitsis.
Kabitsis was 76 years old at the time of the election, and was a retired real estate salesman. He joined the Communist Party of Canada in 1962. Kabitsis ran for a seat on the Toronto City Council in 1980, calling for a reduction in the cost of the Toronto Transit Commission's Metropass, a shorter term of the Metro Toronto Chairman, and the recognition of day care as a right. His 2008 election biography also indicates that he has been a municipal candidate in Orillia. He is a member of Fair Vote Canada, a group advocating electoral reform.
Note: The results from 1980 are taken from the "Toronto Star" newspaper, 11 November 1980, A12 (146 out of 148 polls reporting).

</doc>
<doc id="19324400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324400" title="Xanthi Arena">
Xanthi Arena

Xanthi Arena, AKA Philippos Amiridis Arena is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the city of Xanthi, in the region of Western Thrace, Greece. Its capacity is 5,000 people. Named after Philippos Amiridis, a popular mayor of Xanthi who died in 1999, the arena is owned by the municipality of Xanthi and is home to the professional basketball team Xanthi BC of the Greek A2 League. It hosted games of the Greek National Team both in basketball and volleyball. The 2001 Greek Volleyball Cup Final-four and the 2008-09 Greek Basketball All Star Game took place there.

</doc>
<doc id="19324418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324418" title="Kōji Kiriyama">
Kōji Kiriyama


</doc>
<doc id="19324419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324419" title="Bauya">
Bauya

Bauya is one of a number of places in Sierra Leone with this name. This is the one that was a former railway junction.

</doc>
<doc id="19324434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324434" title="Almamy (disambiguation)">
Almamy (disambiguation)

Almamy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19324471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324471" title="Mercedes-Benz F700">
Mercedes-Benz F700

The Mercedes-Benz F700 is a concept car produced by Mercedes-Benz. It was first revealed to the public at the 2008 Frankfurt motor show.
DiesOtto engine.
The F700 is powered by Mercedes' DiesOtto engine, so called because it combines elements of diesel and petrol (Otto cycle). The concept 4-cylinder engine displaces 1.8-litres, and features twin sequential turbochargers, generating 177 kW and 400Nm at unspecified engine speeds. As a result, the F700 has performance equivalent to the Mercedes-Benz S350, with a fuel consumption rating of 53 US MPG or 4.43L/100 km.

</doc>
<doc id="19324505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324505" title="Peristeri Indoor Hall">
Peristeri Indoor Hall

Peristeri Indoor Hall (also known as Peristeri Arena and Andreas Papandreou Arena) is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Peristeri, a western borough of Athens, Greece. The arena is named after Andreas Papandreou, the former Prime Minister of Greece, who died in 1996. It is located next to Peristeri Stadium. It is owned by the municipality of Peristeri. The seating capacity of the arena is 4,300.
History.
The arena was opened in the year 1989. It has been the long-time home arena of the Greek Basket League professional basketball team Peristeri. Other basketball teams, like Panellinios (for Eurocup games) and Panelefsiniakos, have also used the arena in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="19324507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324507" title="Kangaroo industry">
Kangaroo industry

The kangaroo industry is based on the harvesting of the large species of kangaroos, which are abundant and are sustainably harvested in Australia under strict government control. Many professional ecologists support this industry on the basis that it delivers significant environmental benefits. Many argue kangaroos, which are native to Australia, are a more environmentally friendly livestock option than introduced sheep and cattle.
Products.
Kangaroo meat is consumed in Australia and available in some Australian supermarkets. It is also exported to over 55 countries. Kangaroo leather is recognised as the strongest lightweight leather throughout the world and extensively used in first class sporting shoes and gloves.
Kangaroo populations.
Of the 48 species of macropods (kangaroos) in Australia, only six can be commercially harvested.
Over 99% of the commercial kangaroo harvest occurs in the arid grazing rangelands. The populations of kangaroos in these areas are estimated every year in each State by well-developed aerial survey techniques. These are sparsely timbered, type ecosystems; hence, it is possible to fly over them and count the large animals, such as kangaroos, seen. Using either low-flying fixed-wing aircraft or helicopters, flying at heights of two to 300 meters, the National Parks authorities count the numbers of kangaroos seen over fixed transects. Thirty years of such monitoring have allowed them to develop sophisticated and accurate techniques of extrapolating out to total population numbers. Kangaroos are one of only a very few species (including humans) which have an annual census of their populations. 
Current populations stand around 25 million. This means the numbers of kangaroos in Australia are similar to cattle numbers.
It is widely accepted that within the rangelands kangaroos are now more common than prior to European settlement. This situation has arisen due to the increased food and water supply generated by the activities of the sheep and cattle industry. Prior to European settlement, these areas had very few places of surface water from which kangaroos could drink. The pastoral industry has tapped into below-ground water supplies to the point where now very few points in the rangelands are further than 3 km from a permanent water source and no point is further than 10 km.
The harvest quota setting process.
For any kangaroo species to be harvested, the State's National Parks authority must have a detailed management plan approved by the federal conservation department. These plans must detail the population monitoring and quota-setting controls and the controls over the take, and they must be renewed every five years.
Each year after the population estimate is obtained, each management plan will set a maximum allowable take (quota) of between 10 and 20% of total population. The populations fluctuate depending on seasonal conditions; during droughts they can decline, or they can increase dramatically during good seasons. The State's authority will then issue individually and sequentially numbered plastic lockable tags. These tags are designed to ensure, once properly applied, any tampering with them will be perfectly obvious. 
Each kangaroo taken by licensed harvesters must have such a tag fixed to it and the harvester and processor must report back to the authorities on a monthly basis the details of the exact number of the tags they have used, where the tags were used, and what species, sex and weight of animal to which they were attached. The authority monitors the release and use of tags to ensure the harvest in any one area does not exceed the quota. 
The complexity and detail of the controls in the management plans can be indicated by a brief examination of the NSW plan. It divides the State into 15 different zones, 14 in which commercial kangaroo harvesting is allowed and one comprising over one-third of the State in which no harvesting can take place. The population is estimated in each individual zone and a harvest quota allocated to it. An appropriate number of tags are then issued to the conservation authority managers in each zone, and these can only be obtained by kangaroo harvesters on two days of each month. The harvester must use and submit reports for all tags issued before more can be obtained, and the issue of tags by zone is closely monitored. As soon as the harvest in any one zone approaches the quota, it is closed to commercial activity for the rest of the year.
Licensing controls over kangaroo harvesters.
To purchase the tags issued by the authorities, kangaroo harvesters must be licensed as such. To do so, they must undergo training delivered by government-accredited agencies and approved by the Australian Tertiary and Further Education agency in the appropriate State. This training covers the regulatory controls and compliance requirements, the animal welfare controls, and the hygiene controls to which each harvester must adhere. They must then pass assessment in their knowledge and practices relating to these controls by two separate government departments. This will include assessment of their competency with their firearms. Only then will they be able to obtain the required licenses from the two authorities concerned.
The kangaroo harvesters' licenses are conditional on adherence to the guidelines laid out in the federal ‘Code of Practice for the Humane Shooting of Kangaroos’. This specifies the minimum high-caliber firearms which can be used, and requires all animals to be head-shot, and documents procedures for the humane dispatch of any pouch young.
Any kangaroo or kangaroo product accepted by processors, be it for meat or skins, must have an approved tag applied to it and be supplied by a licensed harvester. Each processor must report on a monthly basis to the State authority the numbers of kangaroos purchased, from whom, and the relevant tags numbers.
Environmental effects of using kangaroos.
The kangaroo management plans have been operating under strict and intensive supervision for almost 30 years. Over this period, the average harvest per year has been in excess of 2 million animals.
Population sustainability.
Despite long-term harvests in excess of 2 million animals per year, the kangaroo population has consistently increased. Even following the worst drought on record (2005–07), numbers in 2008 are still at what could be considered historically typical levels. Their current population of 25 million is only marginally lower than the 25-year average of 26.7 million (which is skewed by the very high levels reached during a run of highly favorable years in the late 1990s). 
A project conducted by NSW Department of Agriculture, which employed extensive field study and highly sophisticated computer modeling techniques, has cast light on why kangaroo populations are so resilient to harvesting. The project examined harvester activity and modeled it in response to terrain and prices paid for kangaroos harvested. It demonstrated, in the areas investigated and at current prices, 20-40% of any one property will rarely be visited by a kangaroo harvester because the terrain is too rough or other limitations make it not economic to do so. These areas then become ‘refugia’, areas in which the resident kangaroo population is never harvested and from which the population expands to repopulate areas which are harvested. 
The authors conclude:
“Models presented here suggest that kangaroo populations may be more resilient to harvesting than we had previously thought”.
Effects on the species.
The argument is often mooted that kangaroo harvesting selects the largest animals and will therefore affect the genetic fitness of the species. The scientific data strongly refute this argument. Four separate reports have recently provided considerable evidence to discount these claims.
Environmental impacts of not using kangaroos.
Several trials have indicated uncontrolled kangaroo numbers present a risk to plant biodiversity. Kangaroos can not be commercially harvested in National Parks; as a result, their numbers often rise to excessive levels which sometimes require culling programs to be used. In biodiversity monitoring done following a cull at Hattah-Kulkyne National Park in Victoria, increased abundance of 20 rare or threatened plant species was recorded in areas where kangaroo were culled compared with control areas (Sluiter et al. 1997).
Animal welfare.
All kangaroos taken for commercial use are harvested by professional shooters. State and federal government controls ensure that no kangaroo can enter the commercial industry unless it has been taken by a licensed kangaroo harvester who has passed an accredited training course, which includes training in the animal welfare aspects of kangaroo harvesting. In addition, anyone wishing to harvest kangaroos for human consumption must undergo assessment of their accuracy with their firearms. The accreditation and competency assessment are controlled by state government regulations in each State.
Kangaroo use and a new ecological model.
To date agricultural development in Australia has largely been based on modified European systems, using European animals. In recent decades this Eurocentric view has come under considerable academic question. A ground swell of opinion is developing that Australians should develop management systems adapted to the specific environmental conditions, not impose systems adapted to Europe. Under this philosophy use of free ranging populations of native animals adapted to the environment makes environmental sense. 
To this end the University of New South Wales has implemented a major new project aimed at encouraging the development of farm enterprises based on using native plants and animals and specifically kangaroos. The project intends to monitor the environment benefits that accrue from doing so.
Kangaroos and global warming.
Kangaroos emit small amounts of methane compared to domestic livestock. Cattle and sheep do so in large volumes, and methane is 21 times worse than carbon dioxide as a global warming gas. The beef industry alone is estimated to account for 11% of Australia’s carbon emissions. Many ecologists are now suggesting changing production systems to grow kangaroos for meat rather than cattle or sheep can help reduce Australia’s greenhouse gas emissions.

</doc>
<doc id="19324513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324513" title="Comendite">
Comendite

Comendite is a hard, peralkaline igneous rock, a type of light blue grey rhyolite. Phenocrysts are sodic sanidine with minor albite and bipyrimidal quartz. Comendite occurs in the mountains Tibrogargan, Coonowrin, Tunbubudla, Coochin, Saddleback, Tibberoowuccum and Ngungun in the Glass House Mountains, South East Queensland, Australia. The blue colour is caused by very small crystals of riebeckite or arfvedsonite. Comendite also occurs in Sardinia, Corsica, Ascension Island, Ethiopia, Somalia and other areas of East Africa.
The 1903 eruption of Changbaishan volcano in north-east China erupted comendite pumice.
Comendite derives its name from the area of Le Commende on San Pietro Island in Italy, where the rock type is found. 

</doc>
<doc id="19324521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324521" title="CSS Alabama's South Pacific Expeditionary Raid">
CSS Alabama's South Pacific Expeditionary Raid

The CSS "Alabama's" South Pacific Expeditionary Raid commenced shortly after the CSS Alabama left the Karimata Strait between Borneo and Sumatra heading east into the south Pacific Ocean on the most easterly extent of her voyages. The raid lasted from the beginning of December, 1863 to Christmas, when Semmes made a decision to turn west back toward Europe for a planned overhaul and refit.
The primary area of operation during this expeditionary raid, was the southern Pacific Ocean, steaming east and then turning back west toward the Strait of Malacca.
Raid overview.
The CSS "Alabama" passed the Karimata Strait and reached Pulo Condore, anchoring in the western harbor north of White Rock on December 2, 1863. After a few weeks of steaming, she headed back toward Singapore, anchoring at Pulo Aor on December 19. Arriving in the Strait of Malacca on December 24, Captain Semmes overtakes the English "Martaban" before being blessed with an early Christmas gift in the form of the "Texan Star", which is promptly burned. Christmas Day, December 25, 1863, Captain Semmes puts the "Texan Star" prisoners on Malacca Island, and proceeds to turn down invitations for Christmas dinner from adoring British colonist fans, grateful for the riddance of competitive yankee commerce vessels.
Having spent Christmas Day in peaceful respite, divine providence commences the next day, December 26, 1863, as the provision of bounty includes two enemy vessels, the "Sonora" of Newburyport and the "Highlander" of Boston. Both ships are given the usual burning, and Captain Semmes calls it a year, deciding to use 1864 as a time to refit and repair back in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19324525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324525" title="Peter Kam">
Peter Kam

Peter Kam Pui-Tat () is a music composer for Hong Kong films including "The Warlords","Bodyguards and Assassins" and "Wu Xia".
Kam is an eight-time winner at the Hong Kong Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19324529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324529" title="Trawsgoed">
Trawsgoed

Trawsgoed Estate is an estate located eight miles (13 km) east of Aberystwyth in Ceredigion, Wales that has been in the possession of the Vaughan family since the year 1200. The family are descended from Collwyn ap Tangno, founder of the fifth noble tribe of North Wales, Lord of Eifionydd, Ardudwy, and part of Llŷn, who had his residence on the site of Harlech Castle. 
The land falls within the ancient parish of Llanafan, in the upper division of the hundred of Ilar. In Wales an ancient parish was a village or group of villages or hamlets and the adjacent lands. Originally they held ecclesiastical functions, but from the sixteenth century they also acquired civil roles. The parish may have been established as an ecclesiastical parish. Originally a medieval administrative unit, after 1597 ecclesiastical units were separated from civil parishes to serve the ecclesiastical needs of the local community. The Trawsgoed estate extended over 22 Cardiganshire parishes, including Llanafan.
History of ownership.
The estate and mansion of Trawsgoed came into the Vaughan family by the marriage of Adda Fychan with Tudo, daughter and heiress of Ifan Goch of Trawsgoed, ‘Evan the Red'.
The founder of the modern estate was the parliamentarian and lawyer, Sir John Vaughan, who was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas by Charles II. It was Sir John Vaughan who acquired from the Earl of Essex much of the former monastic lands of the Cistercian abbey Strata Florida. At the same time further land was added to the estate through his marriage to Jane Stedman, daughter of John Stedman of Ystrad Fflur and Cilcennin.
The estate has been passed down in the landed family from father to son in a direct line since it was acquired by marriage in 1200. Like the Fulfords in Devon, the Vaughans are one of the few aristocratic families who have retained possession of a house since first taking it on in the Middle Ages.
Trawsgoed became an estate in the English sense of the word in the 16th century. Strata Florida Abbey, in the centre of Wales, was given to the 1st Earl of Essex to broker during the English Reformation and dissolution of the monasteries, and he sold much of it to the Stedman family. Sir John Vaughan married the Stedman heiress and his brother, Henry, her sister. So almost all the abbey estate was taken over by the Vaughans. In 1695, John Vaughan of Trawsgoed, the grandson of Sir John Vaughan, was created Viscount Lisburne in the peerage of Ireland. during the Civil War he married Malet, daughter of the poet and courtier, the Earl of Rochester, and granddaughter of the Cavalier, Sir Henry Wilmot, 1st Earl of Rochester, the victor of the Battle of Roundway Down.
The Vaughan family was granted the title Earl of Lisburne in 1776 and remained at Trawsgoed mansion over successive generations. The family at one time owned estates in Northumberland and at Mamhead in Devon. In 1947 the mansion house became the headquarters of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in Wales, and the home farm is still occupied by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC) and managed by the Institute of Grassland and Environmental Research (IGER).
Grounds.
In 1873, the Vaughan's estate acreage at Trawsgoed was the largest in Cardiganshire at as listed in the government return of landowners. Sir Pryse Pryse of Gogerddan held 28,684, W.T.R. Powell of Nanteos held 21,933, John Waddingham of Hafod held . The Vaughan family has for many years worshiped at St Afan's Church, Llanafan that lies within the estate.
Present day status.
The mansion house at Trawsgoed was sold in 2007. The new owners seek to restore the oldest parts of the house. However, the Vaughan family own over of the original estate that includes farmland, uplands and Common Land and they retain the use of an apartment in the mansion house at Trawsgoed. Shooting rights on adjoining Forestry Commission woodlands and fishing rights on the River Ystwyth have also been preserved. The house is set in listed parkland and gardens and is some eight miles (13 km) inland from Aberystwyth.
The last remaining Vaughan member to be in residence at the house was the Honourable John Edward Malet Vaughan, born 3 Oct 1952. He is the youngest child of John David Malet Vaughan, 8th Earl of Lisburne and Shelagh Macauley. Formerly a Director of Savills, John Vaughan acts as land agent to the Trawsgoed Estate. The estate manager is Mr. M.C. Lewis.
Lisburne Mines.
The Trawsgoed estate was home to the Lisburne (Lead) Mines, one of the most profitable in all of Wales. In the 1880s, Trawsgoed had the second largest lead mine in Britain. The mineral rights over an extensive area are still owned by the estate.
Trawsgoed Mansion.
Trawsgoed Mansion is a 17th-century country house, also known as Crosswood Park, formerly the seat of the Earl of Lisburne. 
It was Ernest George Henry, the 6th Earl of Lisburne, who added the 50-room Victorian wing to the old Georgian mansion and built the summerhouse, squash and tennis courts and the ornamental fountain. He also had the library ceiling painted in the style of those at Windsor Castle. The house eventually included seventy rooms, a summerhouse, gardens with rare Chilean and Himalayan tree species that thrive in the mild moist climate of coastal Wales, the remains of a small Roman fort adjoining the grounds, fountain, stable block, lodge house, and unencumbered view of the Cambrian Mountains. 
Notable neighbours.
The estate shares a border along the River Ystwyth with that of the Hafod estate and Nanteos.
Climate.
The MetOffice operates a Weather Station at Trawscoed, providing climate data for the surrounding area.
Trawscoed experiences an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfb") similar to almost all of Wales and the United Kingdom. This translates to a narrow range of temperatures, rainfall in all seasons and low sunshine levels. Recent temperature extremes vary from during July 2006, down to during January 2010. Typically, just over 48 nights of the year will record an air frost, and at least 1mm of rain will be reported on 169 days.

</doc>
<doc id="19324532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324532" title="M. David Lee III">
M. David Lee III

M. David Lee III (born September 14, 1965, Champaign, Illinois) is an award-winning American film director, producer, writer, editor and director of photography. Lee is noted for his use of a version of the Dogme95 principals originally developed by Lars Von Trier and Thomas Vinterberg in his films. His production company, Triple Sticks Productions, has produced four feature films since 1997 and several short films dating back to the late '70s. Triple Sticks Productions is also distributing their film, "Slow Down… You're Dating Too Fast!". Lee has also spent time as a sports anchor with Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic, SNY, WHBQ, KNTV, KDOC, and KCOY.
In 2009, "Dog Me: Potluck," was selected for distribution on Netflix.
Early life and film career.
Lee is the son of E. Ann Whittington, owner of Ambience Custom Flora design, and M. David Lee, FAIA, principal architect and owner of Stull and Lee Incorporated in Boston, MA. The elder Mr. Lee is also adjunct professor at the Harvard Graduate School of Design.
Lee moved with his family to Philadelphia, then to Watertown, Massachusetts, before settling in Brookline, Massachusetts. As a child, his mother nicknamed him "Scooter." In Brookline, Lee attended Pierce Elementary School and Brookline High School. Lee enrolled in the University of Massachusetts Amherst where he graduated in three years with a B.A. degree in Filmmaking, Japanese and Advertising. At the age of 21, Lee enrolled in Humboldt State University, but left after one semester . He then moved to Los Angeles where he worked for Love Connection as a production assistant and Larry Flynt Publications in the research department.
In 1988, Lee returned to Humboldt County, Arcata, California, and worked for KREQ television, now KAEF-TV as a salesman, and eventually as production manager. It was in this capacity he won a Telly Award for a 1989 commercial entitled "In the Mood." In 1990 Lee moved to Santa Maria, CA, and worked KCOY television, first as a promotions producer and then as weekend sports anchor—in addition to producing commercials and promotions. In 1991 Lee won his second Telly Award for a promotional spot called "Safe and Sound." He also wrote, directed and starred in a short film, "My Law/ Your Order" in 1991. That same year, Lee moved to Anaheim, California, to work for KDOC. He started as a promotional producer and fill -in sports anchor then became the promotional director. During his time at KDOC, Lee shot a film featuring Regan Burns entitled "Black and White Makes: Grey".
In 1993, Lee moved to San Jose, CA, and became the weekend sports anchor at KNTV. He was promoted three years later to Sports Director and stayed in that position until December 1998. While at KNTV, Lee made six films, including two features, "1–900" and "3 Days… 3 Hours… 3 Minutes… 3 Seconds…".
Lee then taught drama and radio at Leland High School in San Jose. In 2001, he co-directed with Johnny DePalma and produced "Enamored" for Picture Show Productions in Los Gatos, CA.
The following year, Lee moved to Memphis, to serve as sports director at WHBQ-TV Fox-13. In Memphis, Lee made two films, "Dog Me: Potluck" and "Slow Down… You’re Dating Too Fast!" 
"Dog Me: Potluck" followed the Dogme95 Principals laid out by Lars Von Trier and Thomas Vinterberg. In his one violation of those rules, Lee used music by such artists as Sofia Sunseri and Aron Ford Lee of "House of Echo" and "DTMG".
With "Slow Down… You're Dating Too Fast!" Lee used a modified version of the Dogme95 principals. Lee's company, Triple Sticks Productions, currently is distributing the completed film, with extras. In 2008, "Slow Down... You're Dating Too Fast" screened at the Washougal International Film Festival.
Personal life.
Married once and divorced, Lee has one daughter. His brother, Aron Ford Lee is a musician and can be heard in two of his brother's films, "Dog Me: Potluck" and "Slow Down… You’re Dating Too Fast!”
Honors, awards and nominations.
1998 Telly Award, "In The Mood"
1991 Telly Award, "Safe and Sound"
1991 Santa Maria Arts Council Award for best film, "My Law/ Your Order"
2004 "Dog Me: Potluck", was selected as the “2004 Bare Bones Script-2-Screen Independent Film Festival” Best Feature Film. In addition to the Grand Jury selection as the festivals top film, Lee was presented with the "Oscar Micheaux Spirit Award" for his work on "Dog Me: Potluck". The Oscar Micheaux Spirit Award is not given annually, but only when the Grand Jury identifies and chooses to honor an exceptional filmmaker.
2009 "Dog Me: Potluck", was included in a collection of dogma films at the Department of Film and Media Studies at University of Copenhagen
Filmography.
This is a table of films that Lee has been involved in.

</doc>
<doc id="19324539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324539" title="Newbrook, Alberta">
Newbrook, Alberta

Newbrook is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Thorhild County. It is located at the junction of Highway 63 and Highway 661, approximately northeast of Thorhild and south of Boyle. It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in census division No. 13 and in the federal riding of Westlock-St. Paul.
The hamlet and surrounding area has a strong Polish and Ukrainian influence, mostly from immigration at the turn of the 20th century. The former Newbrook Observatory, a meteor observatory that was the first facility in North America to photograph Sputnik 1, is located in the hamlet.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Newbrook had a population of 95 living in 48 of its 54 total dwellings, a -18.1% change from its 2006 population of 116. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Newbrook had a total population of 116 living in 51 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="19324562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324562" title="Shōjo Sekai">
Shōjo Sekai

According to Kiyoko Nagai, for the first ten years of its publication it was the best-selling shōjo magazine of the time, with peak circulations somewhere between 150,000 to 200,000 copies per issue. 
The final issue of "Shōjo Sekai" was the December 1931 issue.
Contributors.
"Shōjo Sekai" had a number of well known contributors over the years, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19324604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324604" title="Sumarr and Vetr">
Sumarr and Vetr

In Norse mythology, Sumarr (Old Norse "Summer") and Vetr (Old Norse "Winter") are personified seasons. Sumarr and Vetr, personified, are attested in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. In both, the two are given genealogies, while in the "Prose Edda" the two figure into a number of kennings used by various skalds.
Attestations.
"Poetic Edda".
In the stanza 26 of the "Poetic Edda" poem "Vafþrúðnismál", the god Odin (disguised as "Gagnráðr") asks the jötunn Vafþrúðnir from where warm Sumarr and Vetr come from, stating that they arrived "first among the Wise powers". In stanza 27, Vafþrúðnir responds:
The second half of this stanza is missing from early manuscripts, but some later manuscripts feature the addition of:
"Prose Edda".
In chapter 19 of the "Prose Edda" book "Gylfaginning", Gangleri (king Gylfi in disguise) asks why there's an evident difference between summer and winter. The enthroned figure of High responds, and (after scolding him for asking a question everyone knows the answer to) states that the father of Sumarr is Svásuðr, who is quite pleasant, while the father of Vetr is referred to as Vindsvalr or, alternately, Vindljóni, and that Vetr derives his countenance from his ancestors, as they are "cruel and cold-hearted kinsmen".
Sumarr and Vetr are additionally personified in the "Prose Edda" book "Skáldskaparmál", where they are referred to in kennings. Kennings for Sumarr are given in chapter 30, including "son of Svásuðr", "comfort of the snakes", "growth of men", exemplified in an excerpt given from a work by the skald Egill Skallagrímsson where "Valley-fish's mercy" points to "Snake's mercy", which signifies "Summer". Kennings are given for Vetr in chapter 26; "Son of Vindsvalr", "snake's death", and "storm season". Excerpts of works by the skalds Ormr Steinþórsson (who uses the kenning "Vindsvalr's son") and Ásgrímr (who employs the kenning "snake woe") are then given as examples. Both Sumarr and Vetr are given as terms for "times" in chapter 63.

</doc>
<doc id="19324608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324608" title="List of Nature Conservation Act rare flora of Queensland">
List of Nature Conservation Act rare flora of Queensland

This is a list of the flora of Queensland listed as "Rare" under the Nature Conservation Act 1992. (The "Rare" category is gradually being phased out in favour of the "Near Threatened" category.)

</doc>
<doc id="19324619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324619" title="Apollon Patras Indoor Hall">
Apollon Patras Indoor Hall

Apollon Indoor Hall, also known as "Perivola Indoor Hall", is an indoor sport arena in Patras, Greece. The hall opened in 1992, with a seating capacity of 3,500 people. It is known for its unique roof construction, made entirely out of wood. The arena belongs to the local multi-sporting club A.S. Apollon, and is the home of the club's professional basketball (Apollon Patras) and volleyball teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19324621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324621" title="Highland Mills Fire Company">
Highland Mills Fire Company

The Highland Mills Fire Company was formed in 1890 in the town of Woodbury, Orange County, New York, United States and is currently joined with Central Valley Fire Company to form the Woodbury Fire Department. The company responds with both engine and ladder apparatus. Central Valley is the rescue company, and responds with a rescue to almost all incidents within the town of Woodbury. The Central Valley Station houses Rescue 504, Engine 502, Brush Truck 505, and UTV 501.
Their oldest piece of apparatus is a 1999 Spartan/Smeal tanker with the apparatus number 522. It has a 10-man cab, a 2000 gallon (7,500 L) water tank, a 1250 gpm (80 L/s) pump, and a portable tank. This is the first responding piece of apparatus for the company to a large-scale tractor trailer fire and any structural fire where no water hydrants are present.
Ladder 503, acquired from the Central Valley Fire Company in 2004, is a 2001 Spartan Gladiator/Smeal. This truck replaced an older E-One Ladder Truck from the mid-1980s. It has a rear-mount aerial ladder, a 1500 gpm (95 L/s) pump, tank, and a 6-man cab. It is first due for most commercial structural incidents. In the past, there has been tension on which fire company should have possession of this unit. This truck was taken to Highland Mills because the chiefs of the Woodbury Fire Department stated that the Central Valley Fire Company couldn't man both a rescue truck and a ladder truck at the same time.
The newest edition to is Squad 25, it is a Spartan/Smeal that arrived in April 2008, replacing a 1990 Pierce. It has a 8-man cab, a 1500 gpm (95 L/s) pump, a water tank, and a 8 kilowatt PTO generator. Squad 25 is first engine responding to residential structural fires, accidents, and car fires. 
In November 2009 the company received a 2009 Ford F-350 superduty, gasoline engine, with a bed. The vehicle will be dubbed 524 and shall be used mainly for fire police services, personal transport, brush fires, and water pump outs.
The antique of the Highland Mills Fire Company is a 1964 Mack B-Model Engine with a 707 C.I. gasoline engine, a 750 G.P.M. and a tank. E-523 was fully restored in the year of 2006 and won best antique in the 2008 Orange County Volunteer Fireman's Association parade.

</doc>
<doc id="19324638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324638" title="List of WarCry concert tours">
List of WarCry concert tours

WarCry is a Spanish power metal band that formed in 2001 when vocalist Víctor García and drummer Alberto Ardines were ejected from Avalanch. Since 2002, WarCry has performed throughout Spain, and participated on festivals celebrated in Mexico. WarCry has played with bands like Mägo de Oz, Nightwish, Sepultura, Angra, Saratoga, Los Suaves, U.D.O., Cage among others.
When WarCry released their self-titled debut album, Víctor García stated that they would release another work before giving any tour, in order to have enough songs to perform. The band embarked on a tour supporting their second effort, and made their first ever live performance on a concert in Avilés, Asturias, Spain free of charge just by showing the covers of any of their two CDs. The tour extended for a year. On 2004 they started the tour to support "Alea Jacta Est". It was difficult to overcome the success of the first tour and even more after Alvaro Jardón's departure. The band made a strong bet from the beginning, by adding dates to the tour. On the first concert at "Sala Quattro" in Avilés, the band made the official presentation of Jardón's replacement Roberto García, who had been working for Avalanch as guitarist, but left after the release of "El Ángel Caído" due to personal and professional problems with Alberto Rionda. Roberto decided to handle bass duties to form part of WarCry.

</doc>
<doc id="19324663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324663" title="Australian Multiplex Cinemas">
Australian Multiplex Cinemas

Australian Multiplex Cinemas (often abbreviated as AMC) is a chain of multiple-screen movie cinemas headquartered in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia acquired by Hoyts in November 2010.
Acquisition by Hoyts.
In October 2010, Hoyts announced that it will acquire AMC for an unknown amount. The purchase was completed in November 2010. Hoyts has stated on their website that AMC customers will now have access to a wider variety of films, promotions, competitions and cinema offers. Hoyts have also promised to increase 3D facilities for the cinema chain. The AMC Value Card program was discontinued, with Hoyts promising to recognize these cards until their expiry date. The new rewards program being offered is now Hoyts Rewards.
Locations.
Australian Multiplex Cinemas operate in five locations in three states:

</doc>
<doc id="19324690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324690" title="The Singles (Tullycraft album)">
The Singles (Tullycraft album)

The Singles is a singles, b-sides and rarities compilation CD from the indiepop band Tullycraft. It compiles early seven inch singles & split singles, compilation tracks, and a couple live radio performances. The majority of the songs were recorded during the period between the band’s first two albums, Old Traditions, New Standards and City of Subarus. 

</doc>
<doc id="19324692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324692" title="Purchase (horse)">
Purchase (horse)

Purchase (foaled in 1916, died 1936), an American Thoroughbred racehorse, was called "The Adonis of the Turf." Walter Vosburgh, the official handicapper for The Jockey Club as well as a turf historian for many years (and for whom the Vosburgh Stakes were named), wrote: "…one of the most exquisitely beautiful of racehorses…to describe Purchase would be to exhaust the superlative."
Background.
Purchase was the best son of Ormandale, the only foal in the 1903 crop of Ormonde. Racing, Ormonde went undefeated, an English Triple Crown winner, but as an imported sire he was almost infertile. As for his son, Ormandale (born in Menlo Park, California), he was not the runner his father was, but as a sire, he was much the better horse. Sent to Kentucky in 1912 at the death of his California breeder, he entered the second half of his stud career as an immediate success. The dam of Purchase was Cherryola whose racing career was more than respectable, winning 26 races between the years 1909 to 1913. (On April 15, 1923, along with forty other horses, she died in a barn fire at Harry F. Sinclair's Rancocas Stable, New Jersey.)
Eventually standing 16 hands 1 inch, Purchase was a long-legged golden chestnut, sold as a yearling to the Brighton Stable which was shortly thereafter dispersed. The trainer Sam Hildreth bought Purchase for $12,500. By the end of his racing career, Hildreth said that Purchase was one of the greatest racehorses he ever trained…"and I say that without any strings to it."
Racing career.
Racing at two, he went winless in at least seven races, including the Futurity Stakes (coming in second) basically due to what Hildreth described as a "bad break." But Sam Hildreth thought all that would change with maturity, especially as the colt had injured his leg just before another two-year-old race. And Hildreth was right. Racing at the age of three, Purchase was barely beaten out of winning the three-year-old colt division by Sir Barton even though Purchase had won nine races of 11 that year, including the inaugural running of the Jockey Club Gold Cup. Hildreth would have entered Purchase in the 1919 Kentucky Derby as well as the Preakness Stakes, but just before the Derby, Purchase reared up in his stall and caught a front hoof in a hay rack. This delayed his third year campaign until he beat the first Triple Crown winner Sir Barton by three lengths in the Dwyer Stakes on July 10, 1919.
In the Saratoga Handicap, Purchase bested Eternal who was co-favorite for Sir Barton's Kentucky Derby and had been American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt as well as America's top earner in 1918. Purchase came in second to Eternal in the Brooklyn Handicap and second to Exterminator in the Saratoga Cup. (Exterminator won the Saratoga Cup four years in row: 1918 through 1921 as well as the 1918 Kentucky Derby.) Purchase took the Saranac Stakes carrying 133 pounds and the Huron Stakes carrying 134. In the two races he lost, he came in a good second, and in the race against Exterminator, it was his jockey, claimed Hildreth, who rode Purchase badly, as well as losing his whip. Otherwise, Sam Hildreth was sure he would have won.
Sometime during this streak, Hildreth was offered $100,000 for the colt (or, depending on the source, $300,000), but turned it down.
At the end of his three-year-old season, Hildreth, feeling he had nothing else to beat (and the connections of Man o' War only racing their horse against three-year-olds; by then Purchase was four), still kept Purchase in training. Breezing at Laurel Park, the horse struck a rock on the track, tearing the ligaments loose in his off front leg. He did not race again until he was five years old. In this last season he ran under the colors of Harry Sinclair. Beginning in July 1921, he appeared at the Empire City track in a sprint race, causing a sensation among racing fans. He won that race and the one after, but on his way to Saratoga, New York to continue that year's campaign, once again ill luck struck. On the train he wrenched one of his hind legs, ending his racing career
Stud record.
Produce was retired to stud at Rancocas Stable and stood in the largest box stall next to Zev, Grey Lag and Lucullite.
When Rancocas Stable was itself dispersed in 1930, Purchase was 14 years old. He sold for only $2,000. At stud he had been a disappointment, but like other horses trained by Hildreth it was probably due to Fowler's solution, a concoction Hildreth gave all his horses which contained arsenic and strychnine. Even so, he did get a few winners. His daughter Fire of Orissa won the Fashion Stakes and the Clover Stakes. Sabine, Semba, Miss Purray, and a number of others won lesser races.
Purchase died at William Elder's Merryland Farm in Maryland in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19324774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324774" title="Coleson Cove Generating Station">
Coleson Cove Generating Station

__NOTOC__
The Coleson Cove Generating Station is a 978 MW Canadian electrical generating station located at 4077 King William Road in the community of Seaview on the extreme western boundary of the city of Saint John, New Brunswick.
A thermal generating station, Coleson Cove is situated on a cove of the same name, along the shore of the Bay of Fundy southwest of the mouth of the Saint John River at the city's central core.
The generating station is owned and operated by "New Brunswick Power Coleson Cove Corporation" ("Colesonco"), a wholly owned subsidiary of New Brunswick Power Generation Corporation (Genco), which is itself a wholly owned subsidiary of provincial Crown corporation NB Power.
Coleson Cove opened in 1976 and was designed to burn #6 fuel oil, also known colloquially as "bunker C". Fuel is delivered via the underground Lorneville Pipeline, which runs from Irving Oil's Canaport bulk oil tanker unloading station off Red Head, 4 km southeast of the city's central core, crossing to the city's west side via the Reversing Falls Railway Bridge. The #6 fuel oil is stored in two 1.5 million barrel tanks at Canaport and four 300,000 barrel tanks at Coleson Cove.
The plant features three boiler units powering three 350 MW generators for a total output of 1,050 MW, which is approximately 33% of the utility's generating capacity. To achieve this, Coleson Cove burns 5 million barrels of oil annually and discharges its exhaust through twin smoke stacks. In 1994, Coleson Cove was responsible for discharging 40,500 tonnes of sulphur dioxide (SO2), increasing to 61,000 tonnes of SO2 in 1999; the plant also discharged 17,100 tonnes of nitrogen oxides (NOx) that year.
Refurbishment.
In late 2001, NB Power announced its intention to refurbish Coleson Cove and convert its fuel source to orimulsion, which was sole-sourced from Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA) in a $2 billion 20-year supply agreement. The $2.2 billion refurbishment project involved reconfiguring the boilers, as well as on-land storage tanks, Lorneville Pipeline, and some equipment at Irving Oil's Canaport unloading facility. The project was envisioned to be complete in November 2004 with a cost of $818 million. Part of this refurbishment saw Coleson Cove fitted with low NOx burners and the addition of six flue gas desulphurization (FGD) scrubbers which were designed to also remove hydrochloric acid.
Orimulsion issue.
Political instability in Venezuela in 2003 is believed to have contributed to PDVSA balking at formally signing a contract to implement an orimulsion deal with NB Power for Coleson Cove. By winter 2004 it was apparent that the fuel supply agreement with PDVSA had fallen through and NB Power launched a $2.2 billion lawsuit that was filed simultaneously with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in Manhattan and the Court of Queen's Bench of New Brunswick in Fredericton during the last week of February, naming both PDVSA and its United States subsidiary Bitumenes Orinoco S.A. (Bitor) as defendants and citing the companies' inability to negotiate and sign a contract to deliver orimulsion to Coleson Cove. On March 16, 2004 PDVSA announced that it was phasing out all orimulsion production; since NB Power's Dalhousie Generating Station's fuel supply agreement ends in 2010, it is assumed that that plant will be forced to switch to an alternative.
The failure to secure a fuel supply agreement with PDVSA for the Coleson Cove Generating Station overshadowed the final term of Premier Bernard Lord and is believed to have played a role in his government's subsequent electoral defeat since the publicly owned utility's write-down of the loss added substantially to the provincial long-term debt.
Pollution.
Forced to continue its reliance upon heavy fuel oil, NB Power realized several environmental benefits and plant efficiencies resulting from the refurbishment as the generating station moved ahead 2 generations from its original polluting 1970s technology: SO2 emissions were reduced by 77%, NOx emissions were reduced by 70% and particulate release was reduced by 75%. In addition, the changes in the burners and addition of scrubbers saw the production of a gypsum byproduct which was commercially resold for wallboard through a subsidiary of J.D. Irving Limited.
Despite the improvements reducing emissions, the Coleson Cove Generating Station remains the largest thermal generating station in Atlantic Canada and has been cited by the New Brunswick Environmental Network and the Clean Energy Coalition of New Brunswick as the largest single point source of air pollution and greenhouse gases in the region. Emissions from the station in the form of particulates have been, and remain, a frequent source of pollution complaints in the region.
Possible natural gas conversion.
In May 2011 NB Power announced that it was considering converting Coleson Cove to burn natural gas. The high price of fuel oil in recent years, coupled with the plant's still-high emissions, has meant that it has sat idle for much of the last decade as it has been cheaper for NB Power to purchase imported electricity to replace the generating capacity. The decline in natural gas prices in recent years, increased cost of the mid-life refurbishment of the nearby Point Lepreau Nuclear Generating Station, and the rising cost of replacement imported electricity has provided an economic case for converting Coleson Cove, however, the project must be approved by the Government of New Brunswick and undergo environmental study. Additionally, a natural gas pipeline to supply the plant must be constructed from either the Saint John Lateral of the Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline or the Brunswick Pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="19324804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324804" title="Carlos Turrubiates">
Carlos Turrubiates

A central defender, Turrubiates began his career with León during the 1990–91 season. In the following year, he scored the goal in extra time that won the championship for León against Puebla. He scored three times in the 1992–93 season and then moved to Guadalajara, where he played three years before returning to León. Turrubiates again reached the final with León during the Invierno 1997 campaign, only to lose in extra time on this occasion to Cruz Azul on a penalty from Carlos Hermosillo. Moving to Atlante in 1998, Turrubiates came back for a third stint at León in 1999 and played his final top-division season in 2000.
Turrubiates also earned 7 caps for the Mexican national team. His first international appearance came on 29 June 1993 in an exhibition match against Costa Rica, a 2–0 win in which Mexico fielded a large number of untried players because the starters were at the 1993 Copa América. Turrubiates himself was on the Copa América roster, but did not play. He subsequently appeared for Mexico's victorious team in the 1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup, coming off the bench in the semifinal against Jamaica, but was unable to make the World Cup squad coached by Miguel Mejía Baron. Three years later, Turrubiates returned to the national team under Bora Milutinovic, starting in Mexico's 1–0 loss to Jamaica in a World Cup qualifier on 17 November 1996. His final cap was on 5 February 1997, when he played the first hour in a 3–1 victory over Ecuador before being replaced by the 17-year-old Rafael Márquez, who was making his international debut.
Management career.
After announcing the departure of Sergio Bueno as manager of Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz, the board of directors made it official that Turrubiates will be the interim coach, a former Primera División player and manager for various teams of the two major tiers of Mexican football.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19324813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324813" title="Noel B. Reynolds">
Noel B. Reynolds

Noel Beldon Reynolds (born 1942 in Los Angeles, California) is a political science professor at Brigham Young University (BYU), where he has also served as an associate academic vice president and as director for the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies (FARMS).
Reynolds grew up in Cody, Wyoming and served an LDS Church mission in Uruguay and Argentina from 1961 to 1964. Reynolds earned a bachelors degree at BYU, followed by M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from Harvard University.
Reynolds has been a visiting professor at Harvard Law School, Edinburgh University and Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 
Reynolds was one of the editors of the "Encyclopedia of Mormonism", published in 1992 by Macmillan.
Reynolds is married to the former Sydney Sharon Smith. She was a member of the general presidency of the Primary of the LDS Church from 1999 to 2005. They are the parents of eleven children.
Reynolds has published books and articles in several fields, including: legal and political philosophy (20), American founding (8), authorship studies (11), ancient studies and Dead Sea Scrolls (11), and Mormon studies (18). 
Reynolds edited "On the History of the Idea of Law" authored by Shirley Robin Letwin, which was published by Cambridge University Press in 2005.
Among other callings in the LDS Church, Reynolds has served as a bishop and stake president. From 2005 to 2008, Reynolds was president of the church's Florida Fort Lauderdale Mission. During part of this time, the mission included the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos. In November 2011, he began a three-year assignment as president of the Mount Timpanogos Utah Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19324840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324840" title="Billy Smith (second baseman)">
Billy Smith (second baseman)

Billy Edward Smith (born July 14, 1953, at Hodge, Louisiana) is a retired American professional baseball player and former Major League Baseball second baseman. He played all or part of six seasons in the Majors between and . 
Smith was originally drafted by the California Angels in . He played in their farm system for several years until making his debut early in the 1975 season. That year, he mainly played shortstop, batting just .203 in 59 games. After a brief stint in the majors in , he was let go by the Angels.
Smith was signed by the Baltimore Orioles prior to the season, and in spring training he was chosen to replace Bobby Grich as the Orioles' starting second baseman. As the year went on, however, he lost playing time to rookie Rich Dauer, and he finished 1977 with a batting average of .215 with just 29 RBI in 367 at bats. In , Smith split time with Dauer again, and he boosted his average to .260. After backing up Dauer again during the Orioles' pennant-winning season in , Smith was released by the Orioles the following spring.
In June, Smith signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies, but never made it to the majors for them. He was purchased from the Phillies by the San Francisco Giants in March 1981, but after hitting .180 in 36 games for the Giants his major league career was over.

</doc>
<doc id="19324899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324899" title="Human (The Killers song)">
Human (The Killers song)

"Human" is a song by American rock band The Killers, and was released as the first single from the band's third studio album "Day & Age". 
Musically, "Human" is an upbeat pop rock track that draws influences from New Wave and synthpop.
"Human" has received generally positive feedback from music critics, praising the composition, the New Wave-pop rock-feel and the production.
It became the third song by the band to enter the top 5 of the UK singles chart. It was their first top ten hit in the Netherlands (peaking at #2). The song was released on a 7-inch picture disc throughout the world on various dates in November, with a B-side entitled "A Crippling Blow".
Background.
In an interview with "Rolling Stone" magazine's Smoking Section, Brandon Flowers described "Human" as "Johnny Cash meets the Pet Shop Boys". Flowers stated that the song was created with Stuart Price during their work with him on the "Sawdust" album, and has changed very little since then. He confessed to not putting it on "Sawdust" as "it was too good".
The cover art for the single is a portrait of the band's guitarist Dave Keuning, and is one of the four portraits drawn by Paul Normansell for the album.
The earliest digital release of the song was missing a hi-hat section at the beginning of the song.
Reception.
The song received positive reviews from contemporary critics. An interview in "The Observer" newspaper stated that the track "is a cross between New Order and Bruce Springsteen - that should please fans of 'Mr. Brightside'." Chris Williams of "Billboard" gave a positive review, echoing "The Observer"'s description of "merging a Boss-like melody over a New Order-injected rave-up." He also praised the song for "stretching the soundscape of alternative rock, which has increasingly become difficult to differentiate between mainstream rock". Music Radar complimented the song in their review of "Day & Age", saying "A gentle, phased, clicky guitar riff opens this gorgeous nod to the gentle side of '80s new wave." Caryn Ganz with "Rolling Stone" gave the tune three-and-a-half stars, calling it "delicious."
"Human" was voted the Best Song of 2008 by the readers of "Rolling Stone".
In 2010, a vote by listeners to UK radio station XFM polled the song at #97 in their poll of the Top 1,000 Song of All Time. In December 2009 it was voted the 25th Best Song Of The Decade by listeners of UK music station Absolute Radio. In October 2011, "NME" placed it at number 144 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
Music and lyrics.
There remains confusion and debate over the line "Are we human, or are we dancer?" in the song's chorus due to its grammar. Debate raged across the Internet over whether the lyrics said "dancer", "dancers" or "denser", a misunderstanding which invoked conflicting interpretations of the song's meaning. On the band's official website, the biography section states that Flowers is singing "Are we human, or are we dancer?" and also says that the lyrics were inspired by a disparaging comment made by Hunter S. Thompson, where he stated America was raising "a generation of dancers". 
In an interview with "Rolling Stone", Flowers said that he was irritated over the confusion about the lyrics and also that fans were unhappy with the song's dance beat: "It's supposed to be a dance song, beat goes with the chorus...If you can't put that together, you're an idiot. I just don't get why there's a confusion about it."
Chart performance.
In the US "Human" debuted at number 13 on "Billboard"'s Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart, and peaked at number 6. It is the band's sixth top ten hit on the chart. The song debuted and peaked at number 32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the chart week of October 18, 2008, giving The Killers their third top 40 hit there. It reached number 3 on the UK Singles chart and in 2012 BBC Radio 1 announced that it was the 39th most downloaded song of all time in the country.
On the Canadian Hot 100, the song debuted at number nine. It debuted at number 34 on the New Zealand RIANZ chart, and entered at number four on the Norway Top 20 before reaching number one. "Human" reached the top ten on the Irish Singles Chart and in Sweden. The song debuted at number 48 on the Australian Aria Charts and peaked at number 28.
Music video.
The music video for "Human" was released in mid-October 2008 and directed by Danny Drysdale. It features the band performing the song in Goblin Valley State Park, Utah. The portraits of the band drawn for the album by Paul Normansell are shown in the video, such as when the band members hold the portraits in front of their faces. Various animals are also shown throughout the video, such as a white tiger, an eagle, and a cougar. It's been noted to have heavy similarities to Pink Floyd's "Live at Pompeii" concert film, such as the band playing the song in a desert landscape amongst various amplifiers and other stage equipment and mostly in much of the camera angles. The video ends with the band watching the sun setting in the desert, which turns into the album cover, also drawn by Paul Normansell.
In popular culture.
Media.
The song was used for the Spanish television station Telecinco for the "ad" of the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final. The motto was "Una final no se juega; una final se gana" (A final is not played; a final is won).
On November 25, 2008, the song was available as downloadable content for the game "Guitar Hero World Tour".
Track listings.
7" vinyl single
Limited edition 12" vinyl single
European cardsleeve single
German CD
Digital remixes EP
Remixes promo CD
References.
http://lareishonblog.wordpress.com/2014/02/24/el-porque-de-la-letra-human-de-los-killers/

</doc>
<doc id="19324923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324923" title="Raptr">
Raptr

Raptr is a social networking website and instant messenger, targeted towards video game players. The company was founded by Dennis Fong, co-founder of Xfire, in 2007 and is located in Mountain View, CA. The company has raised 12 million dollars in funding from investors including Accel Partners and Founders Fund.
The client, which is a downloadable application for Microsoft Windows, supports AIM, Yahoo! Instant Messenger, GTalk, Windows Live Messenger, Xfire, ICQ, and Facebook Chat protocols and allows users to import their Xbox Live, PlayStation Network, and Steam accounts. It also includes other features such as game/achievements tracking, in-game overlay, and game management. Raptr offers a few images showing a user's game statistics for use in signatures.
On the website, users add video games to their profile, as well as track game play time and achievements, share reviews, game related information, and game activity. Raptr lets users publish their gaming accomplishments to sites like Twitter, Plurk, FriendFeed, and Facebook.
Raptr launched in a closed beta on February 2, 2008, and launched an open beta to the public on September 3, 2008.
Raptr has partnerships with video game publishers Activision, Ijji and the Raptr client was bundled with the PC release of "". In December 2009, Raptr partnered with Gamespot to provide both communities with extra features.

</doc>
<doc id="19324935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324935" title="Sydney S. Reynolds">
Sydney S. Reynolds

Sydney Sharon Smith Reynolds (born October 22, 1943) was the first counselor to Coleen K. Menlove in the general presidency of the Primary of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from October 1999 until April 2005. 
Sydney Sharon Smith was born in Idaho Falls, Idaho to J. Alvin Smith and his wife, Maurgarite Rees. She grew up in Burbank, California. At age 16 she entered Brigham Young University (BYU) where she met Noel B. Reynolds, whom she married four years later in the Los Angeles California Temple. She earned a bachelor's degree in history and political science from BYU.
The Reynolds are the parents of eleven children.
Reynolds has served in the various LDS Church auxiliaries, as a Scouting leader, as an early-morning seminary teacher, and on BYU's Women's Conference Steering Committee. Prior to serving in the general presidency of the Primary, Reynolds served for five years as a member of the Primary General Board. From 2005 to 2008 she served for three years with her husband as he presided over the church's Florida Fort Lauderdale Mission. In November 2011, she and her husband began a three-year assignment as president and matron of the Mount Timpanogos Utah Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19324939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324939" title="Beliatta">
Beliatta

Beliatta is a town located in Hambantota District, southern province Sri Lanka near but inland from the coast about 7 km away.
it is the home town of the current president of the Sri Lanka Mr. Mahinda Rajapaksa in Hambantota District. the prominent nearest town is Tangalle (7 km). Nearest other towns are Ambalantota (37 km), Walasmulla (14 km) and Matara (33 km).
Sinhalese community (>99%) are almost of population while others are Tamils. Buddhist is the main religion.
This area is famous for the production of coconuts, paddy, pepper and cinnamon.
Beliatta Central College & Dammapala Girl's School are the main two schools in city while Pagngnananda as primary school. Beliatta Central College is located about 0.5 km away from town in Walasmulla road. It was a famous Central College few decades ago which has been converted to boys school in 1994. Dammapala Girl's School is 1.5 km away from city centre in Tangalle road at Puwakdandawa. at the beginning it was a mixed school which is changed to Girl's school same year.
Beliatta Technical college is one of biggest Technical College which opened beginning of Technical College concept that located 0.5 km from the city in Tangalle road. There are wide ranges of courses, with a large number of students training and passing out every year. 
Banks.
People's Bank & Bank of Ceylon are main Government commercial banks available in the town. Seylan Bank is the first private commercial bank established and then Sampath Bank Plc opens their 180th branch at Dickwella road. Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc also open a branch at the town recently.
National Saving Bank (NSB), Cooperative Rural Bank, Regional Development Bank are other licensed banks available at Beliatta.

</doc>
<doc id="19325011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325011" title="Jefferson High School (Los Angeles)">
Jefferson High School (Los Angeles)

"For schools with a similar name, see Jefferson High School (disambiguation)."
Thomas Jefferson High School, usually referred to as Jefferson High School was founded in 1916, it is the fourth oldest public high school in the Los Angeles Unified School District. Located in South Los Angeles (formerly called South-Central), its surrounding communities are Downtown, Florence, Historic South-Central and South Park. Its colors are Kelly Green and Gold and the teams are called the Democrats or Demos.
History.
In 1915, the citizen of Los Angeles voted to sell bonds to raise $4,600,000 to build schools in the Los Angeles area. Approximately $500,000 was appropriated to build Jefferson High School on the "Stadium East Grounds" (The Old Coliseum) which held approximately 25,000 people in a circled amphitheater configuration. The "Stadium" as it was known was the site for hosting and entertaining travelers on the way to both the San Diego and San Francisco world expos in 1915. Numerous rodeos and bicycle races were held at the location.
Architect Norman F. Marsh was hired to design the new Jefferson High School complex, the property front 1235 feet on Hooper Avenue, 1149 feet on Compton Avenue, and 952 feet on 34th Street and 392 feet on 38th street. The buildings of the group would be of brick and concrete construction, being faced with rug tapestry brick and trimmed with artificial stone. All corridors and stairways would be made absolutely fireproof. The classical style would be followed, each of the main structures having a dignified entrance portico with stone pediment and columns.
Jefferson opened its doors on September 11, 1916, with 24 faculty members and two buildings completed. Theodore Fulton was installed as the school's first principal.
On March 10, 1933, a Magnitude 6.4 an earthquake in the city of Long Beach completely destroyed the infrastructure of the six buildings which composed the Jefferson High School Campus. The campus was closed from March 10 until April 6 while the school board assessed the situation. On April 6, tent bungalows provided by the school board were erected on the football fields. Classes were shortened to half day sessions in order to serve the entire student population.
Reconstruction.
In 1933, Architect Stiles O. Clement was hired to build a 45-unit campus with a budget of $353,000. The "Streamline Modern" building structures were completed in 1935. Ross Dickinson was selected and funded by Federal Art Project to paint four 11 feet by 5.5 foot murals with the theme "The History of Recorded Word". The murals were completed in 1937.
As of 1936, several notable alumni such as Ralph Bunche, Woody Strode and Samuel R. Browne had graduated from Jefferson High School. All three men were African American, the first of many Jefferson alumni to break racial barriers in the politics of diplomacy, the art of dance, the art of music and the interpretation of sports. Jefferson produced more jazz musicians and composers than any other high school west of the Mississippi. Many of the musicians were nurtured under the guidance of Samuel R. Browne.
Athletics.
Beginning in 1937, Jefferson won the first of 8 California State Championship in Track and Field (1937, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1956, 1962, and 1964). The four consecutive state championships in California (1949, 1950, 1951 and 1952) have not been surpassed today. Woody Strode is one of two men who broke the color barrier in the National Football League in 1946. Mal Whitfield and Charles Dumas both received Gold Medals in the Olympics. This is a rare instance when two Olympic Gold medalists have come from the same high school.
Music.
Jefferson High has produced more prominent Jazz Musicians / Composers than any public or private high school in California.
Academic configuration.
Jefferson is a traditional calendar school, composed of four Small Learning Communities (SLCs) and the Early College program which is located at L.A. Trade Tech. The goal of each SLC is to offer individualized attention to students. The SLCs are as follows:
The Early College Program (Jefferson/Trade Tech. Incentive) accepts students, based on recommendation and interview, who have "extenuating circumstances" requiring special support to achieve college acceptance.
Academic Performance Index (API).
API for High Schools in the LAUSD District 5 and local small public charter high schools in the East Los Angeles region.

</doc>
<doc id="19325020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325020" title="Law enforcement and society">
Law enforcement and society

The first modern police force, commonly said to be the London Metropolitan Police, established in 1829, promoted the preventive role of police as a deterrent to urban crime and disorder.
Law enforcement however has only ever constituted a small portion of policing activity.
Policing has included an array of activities in different contexts, but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order and the provision of services.
History.
In some societies, in the late 18th century and early 19th century, these developed within the context of maintaining a layered societal structure and the protection of property.
In the United Kingdom in the late 18th century: 
In the United States in the 19th century: 
In 1690 John Locke wrote that:
Similarly, Adam Smith described how:
This close link between property and government (and thus police function) was also noted by John Jay, who repeatedly said that:
According to Monaghan, this: and by US Founding Father James Madison. who declared that government:
Given that the crimes of governments and associated elite institutions have historically been greater than those of the "smaller" criminals they prosecuted, and that such institutional influence has been perceived, by some groups, as a promoter of violence, alienation and socioeconomic disparity which gives rise to crime, the institutional role of police has been criticized.

</doc>
<doc id="19325024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325024" title="Suhad Bahajri">
Suhad Bahajri

Suhad Bahajri () is a Saudi chemist, the first female chemist in Saudi Arabia. She also the first Saudi woman to win an international award in London.
Early life.
Bahajri's genius was apparent from a young age. She was in the Scientific Section at school in Jeddah. In the secondary school certificate exam in 1970 she was rated as the fifth student in the Kingdom. She obtained advanced degrees in English and mathematics Morten Hall School in 1971, and a certificate in English from the University of Oxford. Next she attended the University of Wales, and graduated with a bachelor degree in biochemistry in 1975. She then obtained a doctorate in clinical biochemistry from the same university, with her thesis "The Nucleic Acid Enzymes in Blood Serum During Pregnancy".
Entering the field of chemistry.
Her father was the first chemist in Saudi Arabia. He graduated from Cairo University, which was called Fouad I University at that time. When she began her study in Britain for biochemistry her professor of chemistry encouraged her to study this major.
Achievements.
During the two and a half years she conducted scientific research in the field of nutrition at the King Fahad scientific research laboratory, she studied the influence of chromium in pregnant women through studies on mice. She discovered that treatment with chromium led to a reduction in blood sugar levels to within normal limits for pregnant women, thereby reducing the required daily doses of insulin. This research was approved and registered in King's College in London, one of the world's most prestigious universities. She discussed the results of this study in Spain and she was honored with her scientific team.
Another research topic was a study of the effects of chlorine on the residents of the city of Jeddah, a study of the causes of obesity in Saudi society, and the impact of food on the health of the local community.
In 2002 she was awarded a prize for the best summary of a joint research with King's College, and presented her research at the Global Conference on Health and Nutrition in London.
Bahajri participated in a world conference that was attended by about fifty world experts from the highest levels with attendees from the United States, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Britain, Sweden and others. Dr. Bahajri was the only Arabian participant.

</doc>
<doc id="19325025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325025" title="The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune">
The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune

"The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune" is one of the original short stories about Kull of Atlantis, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in "Weird Tales" magazine circa 1929. It is one of only three Kull stories to be published in Howard's lifetime.
Set in the fictional Pre-Historic Thurian Age, it deals with a disillusioned King Kull questioning the meaning of existence, leading him to seek the council of a two-faced wizard.
Plot.
Kull, King of Valusia, suffers from a severe depression that not even his friend and ally Brule the Spear-slayer can rouse him from. A mysterious woman later whispers to Kull that he should visit Tuzun Thune, a wizard of the Elder Race, who supposedly knows the secrets of life. Kull is intrigued, and set off at once.
Kull arrives at the wizard’s home, known as the House of a Thousand Mirrors, and the two begin to talk. To Kull’s questions regarding the legitimacy of his powers, Tuzun Thune seems to offer evasive answer. Disappointed, Kull says that clearly Thune is just an ordinary man. But Thune points out that all men, from kings to wizards, are just ordinary men.
Tuzun Thune leads the king deeper into his house and shows Kull his mirrors. One, the wizard claims, is that of the Deepest Magic. But when Kull looks in it, all he sees is his own reflection. He then begins to wonder if he himself is only the mirror image, and the man in the mirror the true Kull, and he longs to visit this "truer" world.
Kull leaves, but returns day after day to stare into this mirror. Affairs of the State are being neglected, and the people are beginning to worry about the king. But Kull doesn't care. Finally, Kull begins to feel himself slipping into this mirror realm. But then someone shouts his name, and the mirror shatters. Brule has arrived and killed Tuzun Thune.
Brule reveals that Thune was involved in a plot to kill the king, as was the girl who first suggested Kull visit the wizard. Kull asks why a wizard with power over dimensions would be involved in a play for political power. Brule points out that all men, from kings to wizards, are just ordinary men.
However, Brule says that when he arrived, he could see Kull actually dissolving into the mirror. Kull wonders if Thune actually did place a powerful spell over him, or if he managed to break the bonds of reality all on his own.
Kull and Brule leave Thune’s dead body where it lies, and go. But for the rest of his life, Kull is haunted by questions about what really happened to him in Thune’s mirror, and they leave him even less certain about the nature of reality.

</doc>
<doc id="19325042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325042" title="José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara School of Medicine">
José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara School of Medicine

José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara School of Medicine (JBGdL) is a medical school located in Nueva Ciudad Guerrero, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The school is 1.5 hours northwest of McAllen, Texas. JBGdL began instruction in 2007. It is authorized by the Secretaría de Educación Pública in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas, Mexico to give instruction in English. 
JBGdL is listed in FAIMER's IMED, and is accredited by the Secretariat of Health in Mexico.
JBGdL has a four year medical program, with clinical rotations in either the United States or Mexico for the last two years of the academic program.
The school is named after Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara, the first constitutional governor of the state of Tamaulipas, and a native of Revilla, today known as Ciudad Vicente Guerrero, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19325079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325079" title="Maxime de la Falaise">
Maxime de la Falaise

Maxime de la Falaise (25 June 1922 – 30 April 2009) was a 1950s model, and, in the 1960s, an underground movie actress. She is also remembered as a cookery writer and "food maven" and a fashion designer for Blousecraft, Chloé and Gérard Pipart [http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/2009/may/09/obituary-maxime-de-la-falaise]. In her later years she pursued a career as a furniture and interior designer.
Fashion.
In the 1950s, Maxime de la Falaise worked for Elsa Schiaparelli as a "vendeuse mondaine" which she explained as "a sort of muse who was supposed to encourage sales to the rich English". She modelled for photographers such as Georges Dambier, Jack Robinson, and Cecil Beaton. 
She "dressed with uninhibited chic" and according to "The Independent", Cecil Beaton once called her "the only truly chic Englishwoman".
Writing.
While living in New York Maxime de La Falaise wrote a food column for "Vogue" magazine which she hoped to develop into a television cookery programme. In 1980, she published a collection of these columns, with her own illustrations, under the title "Food in Vogue." In 1973 she published "Seven Centuries of English Cooking: A Collection of Recipes". She also wrote the foreword to "My Kingdom of Books" (1999) by Richard Booth.
Andy Warhol.
Andy Warhol envisioned Maxime de La Falaise as part of "Andy Warhol's Nothing Serious", his 1971 video project designed for television. Warhol included her along with such personalities as Candy Darling and Brigid Berlin in his 1973 black-and-white video "Phoney" (later incorporated into the 1991 "Andy Warhol's Video & Television Retrospective"), and in his 1974 film "Dracula". 
According to the "New York Times" in 1977, Warhol had La Falaise design a menu for Andymat, Warhol's version of the automat, which included onion tarts, shepherds' pie, fish cakes, Irish lamb stew, key lime pie and a "nursery cocktail" of milk on the rocks. Her association with Warhol was such that one source called her "The Factory mother".
Background.
She was born in West Dean, West Sussex as Maxine Birley. She changed her first name to "Maxime" after her first marriage, to Alain R. Le Bailly de la Falaise, Ecuyer, in 1946. She was known as "Maxime de la Falaise McKendry", for a while, after her second marriage to John McKendry, Curator of Prints and Drawings at the Metropolitan Museum.).
Maxine Birley was born into a family of successful artists, businesspeople, and academics. She grew up in Hampstead, and later at Charleston Manor in Sussex. Her father, Sir Oswald Birley, was a celebrated portrait painter known for his portraits of royalty and others. Her mother was Rhoda Vava Mary Lecky Pike of County Carlow, Ireland, a celebrated gardener and successful artist in her own right. Maxine's brother, Mark Birley (1930-2007), became an entrepreneur known for his investments in the hospitality industry.
During the Second World War, she worked as a minor codebreaker at Bletchley Park, before being invalided out after developing kleptomania.
Marriages.
On 18 July 1946, Maxine Birley became the second wife of Alain Le Bailly de La Falaise, Ecuyer (1905—1977); they divorced in 1950, following a series of her infidelities, including an affair with British ambassador Duff Cooper.[http://ww.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/2009/may/09/obituary-maxime-de-la-falaise] A writer and translator, he was a younger brother of Henry de La Falaise, Ecuyer, a film director and third husband of American actress Gloria Swanson, and a son of an Olympic gold medallist in fencing, Georges, Count de La Falaise (1866—1910). They had two children:
Maxime de La Falaise married, as her second husband, John McKendry, curator of prints and photography at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, who died in 1975.(During the marriage he had an affair with photographer Robert Mapplethorpe, while she had one with J. Paul Getty III; her lovers included artist Max Ernst and film director Louis Malle.)name=guard/> La Falaise is said to have aided Robert Mapplethorpe's entry "into high society, European and American."
In the following book "Du Pays de Caux à la Vendée, Histoire et Généalogie des LE BAILLY de LA FALAISE et de leurs alliances, du XVème siècle à nos jours by GEOFFROY GUERRY (2011)"it is reported that Le Bailly de La Falaise do not have the title of Marquis but of Ecuyer. The title of marquis was used in a fancy way by Henry de La Falaise and then picked up by Alain de La Falaise and his descendants.
Death.
Maxime de la Falaise died of natural causes, aged 86, at her home in Provence, on 30 April 2009. Her companion in her last years was an Englishwoman, Sarah St. George, daughter of industrialist Edward St. George.[http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/22/t-magazine/22talk-petkanas-t.html?pagewanted=all][http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/1480049/Edward-St-George.html]
References.
History of the Le Bailly de La Falaise: "Du Pays de Caux à la Vendée, Histoire et Généalogie des LE BAILLY de LA FALAISE 
et de leurs alliances, du XVème siècle à nos jours by GEOFFROY GUERRY (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19325108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325108" title="Fotu La">
Fotu La

Fotu La () or Fatu La is a mountain pass on the Srinagar-Leh highway in the Himalayas Zaskar Range in India. At an elevation of , it is the highest point on the highway, surpassing the famed Zoji La. 
Fotu La is one of two high mountain passes between Leh and Kargil, the other being Namika La.
Moving eastwards, the highway begins to descend towards the town of Lamayuru after Fotu La. There is a Prasar Bharati television relay station serving Lamayuru located on the pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19325128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325128" title="Make or Break TV">
Make or Break TV

Make or Break TV is a Canadian thirteen-episode half-hour documentary television series produced by Make Believe Media Inc. and currently airs on TVtropolis. The first episode premiered on Thursday September 4, 2008 and was repeated in the show's regular time slot on Monday September 8, 2008.
Episode Information.
<br>
Reruns<br>
October 20, 2008 - Episode 3<br>
December 8, 2008 - Episode 4<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19325129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325129" title="John L. Sorenson">
John L. Sorenson

John L. Sorenson (born April 8, 1924) is an emeritus professor of anthropology at Brigham Young University (BYU) and the author of "An Ancient American Setting for the Book of Mormon" as well as many other books and articles on the Book of Mormon and archaeology.
Sorenson first did archaeological work in Mesoamerica while pursuing a masters degree at BYU. From January until June 1953 he was involved in the New World Archaeological Foundation's initial fieldwork (under the direction of Pedro Armillas) in the state of Tabasco in Mexico.
Sorenson holds a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles. He began teaching at BYU in 1963, and he later established the BYU's anthropology department. He also served as head of Social Sciences for General Research Corporation based in Santa Barbara, California, and was the founder of Bonneville Research Corporation.
For a time he served as editor of the "Journal of Book of Mormon Studies". 
Sorenson has authored or co-authored some 200 books and articles including "Mormon's Codex: An Ancient American Book" (2013), "An Ancient American Setting for the Book of Mormon" (1985), "Transoceanic Culture Contacts between the Old and New Worlds in Pre-Columbian Times: A Comprehensive Annotated Bibliography" (with Martin Raish, 1988), "Images of Ancient America: Visualizing Book of Mormon Life" (1998), "Mormon’s Map" (2000), and "World Trade and Biological Exchanges before 1492" (with Carl L. Johannessen, 2004).
While being a proponent of the historicity of the Book of Mormon, Sorenson has also attacked the shoddy scholarship that some have used in defending the Book of Mormon.
Sorenson is the father of 8 children, all boys, has one adopted daughter, 23 grandchildren, and 10 great grandchildren. He has served as bishop of the BYU 99th Ward.

</doc>
<doc id="19325156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325156" title="Tauhoa">
Tauhoa

Tauhoa is a locality in the Rodney District of New Zealand. State Highway 16 runs through it, connecting to Wellsford 15 km to the north-east and Glorit 12 km to the south. Te Pahi Stream flows through the area and into the Tauhoa River, which drains into the southern Kaipara Harbour to the west. 
History.
The Tauhoa block, together with the Hoteo block inland of it, together comprising , were purchased from the Māori chief Te Keene and others in March 1867. Land at Tauhoa was first offered for sale to settlers in 1868, but in 1875 some of the land was still being surveyed for future settlement. Some of the land occupied by settlers in the 1870s was abandoned in the 1880s. 
A tramway operated during the 1880s to bring kauri logs down to Te Pahi Stream, where sailing ships could take them away. The barque "Mary Mildred" was stranded and wrecked in the Tauhoa River with a load of kauri. The small steamer S.S. "Mary Allen" was built at Tauhoa and transported goods between Te Pahi Creek and the northern Wairoa River in the early 1880s. 
A Highway Board operated in the area from 1876 to 1906. A road north to Port Albert was described as "a good summer road" in 1880. By 1886, a route south to Kaukapakapa was complete and bridged, but was still impassable in winter. A small portion of the road at Tauhoa was metalled in 1899. In the late 1920s, the road from Tauhoa to the railway station at Hoteo was designated a highway, and metalled. Other roads in the area were mostly metalled by the mid-1930s.
Gum-diggers were active in the area up before 1910.
Education.
Tauhoa School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 7 and a roll of 53. The school celebrated its 125th jubilee in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19325162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325162" title="Anthony May (judge)">
Anthony May (judge)

Sir Anthony Tristram Kenneth May, PC (born 9 September 1940) is a British judge. 
On 1 October 2008, he succeeded Sir Igor Judge as President of the Queen's Bench Division. He was called to the Bar (Inner Temple) in 1967, became a Queen's Counsel in 1979, and a Recorder in 1985. He was appointed to the Queen's Bench Division in 1991, receiving the customary knighthood. In 1997, May was appointed to the Court of Appeal. 
May was Vice-President of the Queen’s Bench Division from 2002 to 2008, when he was appointed President of the Queen's Bench Division, when the previous president, Sir Igor Judge, became Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales. He was named to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in 1998. May retired in July 2011.
In October 2012 Downing Street announced Sir Anthony May would become the Interception of Communications Commissioner on 1 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19325171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325171" title="Isao">
Isao

Possible writings.
Isao can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19325172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325172" title="Flambeau River">
Flambeau River

The Flambeau River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in northern Wisconsin, USA. The Chippewa is in turn a tributary of the upper Mississippi River. The Flambeau drains an area of and descends from an elevation of approximately to above sea level. The Flambeau is an important recreational destination in the region. It is notable among canoeists in the Midwestern USA for outstanding canoe camping, including excellent scenery, fishing and whitewater. The river and its forks have a variety of possible trip lengths from short day outings, to overnight camping, to voyages of a week or more. 
The name Flambeau means "torch" in French. Many place names in Wisconsin have French origins due to the early French explorers, trappers and traders in the region in the colonial era. A common interpretation is that early explorers saw the local Chippewa Indians fishing at night by torchlight.
The Flambeau River rises in two major forks—the North Fork and the South Fork. Both originate in north-central Wisconsin and flow generally southwest to their confluence, then continue as the main Flambeau, also southwesterly, to the mouth in the Chippewa River near Bruce, Wisconsin. The North Fork is formed by the confluence of the Manitowish and Bear Rivers just above Turtle-Flambeau Flowage (reservoir). The South Fork's source is Round Lake in northeastern Price County, Wisconsin. Major tributaries include the Turtle River, flowing into the North Fork in the Turtle-Flambeau Flowage, and the Elk River, which flows into the South Fork. Swamp Creek is the largest of 23 streams flowing into the Flambeau River. 
The communities of Park Falls (pop. 2,800) and Oxbo are located along the North Fork. Fifield and Lugerville border the South Fork. Ladysmith, Wisconsin (pop. 3,525) is the only town on the main Flambeau. Generally the river flows through remote areas dominated by second-growth forest, with few road crossings or approaches.
While the South Fork is free-flowing below a small dam at the outlet of Round Lake, the North and Main rivers have several dams that impound small reservoirs, known locally as flowages. Below the dam impounding the Turtle-Flambeau Flowage, the North Fork has three dams between Park Falls and Oxbo. On the main Flambeau below the Forks, there are two, at Big Falls and Ladysmith (Dairyland Reservoir).
The Flambeau river is best known as a classic canoeing stream. Both forks are canoeable from their sources, but most trips start at or downstream of access points near Oxbo on the North Fork or Lugerville on the South Fork, and end upstream of the Big Falls Flowage on the Main. For much of the length of these sections of river, the Flambeau and its forks flow through the Flambeau River State Forest. 
The North Fork in this section is rated class I to II on the International Scale of River Difficulty at normal water conditions. Major named rapids are Wannigan and Flambeau Falls. The South Fork is a more difficult whitewater river, with runnable rapids up to class III and a portage at Little Falls. Major named rapids include Stonewall, Big Bull, Slough Gundy, and Scratch. Below the confluence (the Forks), the Main Flambeau is class II down to the Big Falls Flowage. The notable rapids on the Main Flambeau are Cedar and Beaver Dam.
The Flambeau system is considered an important fish habitat and fishing resource, primarily for smallmouth bass and muskellunge (muskie).

</doc>
<doc id="19325197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325197" title="East Tennessee Children's Hospital">
East Tennessee Children's Hospital

East Tennessee Children's Hospital is a private, independent, not-for-profit, 152-bed pediatric medical center in Knoxville, Tennessee. The hospital's primary service area includes 16 counties in East Tennessee, and its secondary service area includes counties in southwest Virginia, southeast Kentucky and western North Carolina.
It is certified by the state as a Comprehensive Regional Pediatric Center (CRPC), Tennessee's highest level of certification for pediatric hospital care. The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission for the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations and is a member of Child Health Corporation of America, Hospital Alliance of Tennessee, Children's Hospital Alliance of Tennessee, Tennessee Hospital Association and National Association of Children's Hospitals and Related Institutions (NACHRI).
The hospital and its affiliates, including numerous pediatric physician practices, employ about 1,800 individuals in full-time, part-time and as-needed positions.
History.
Opening in 1937, the 28-bed facility at 1912 Laurel Avenue was known as the Knox County Crippled Children's Hospital, and its primary purpose was to care for children with polio. In the 1940s, because of admissions from outside Knox County, officials changed the name of the hospital to East Tennessee Crippled Children's Hospital, open to children birth through 21 years with any type of illness.
Because of the advent of antibiotics and the polio vaccine, the need for specialized orthopedic services diminished. Because of this, the hospital was officially renamed East Tennessee Children's Hospital in 1955 and began to focus on all pediatric illnesses and injuries.
In 1970, a new facility with 74 beds opened at the hospital's current location, 2018 Clinch Avenue, a few blocks from the original location. In 1975, the number of beds increased from 74 to 96 with the completion of a 22-bed fourth floor. Later in 1975, the addition of an Intensive Care Nursery increased total beds at East Tennessee Children's Hospital to 122.
A emergency department was completed in 1981, and a five-story medical office building was added in 1986. Additional facility expansions—without a change in total patient beds—took place in 1988, 1993, 1994 and 2001.
The hospital constructed two parking garages, the first in 1993 (now used for patient and physician parking) and the second in 2001 (for employee parking).
In 1999, a new three-story hospital office building, Children's Plaza, opened. It was renamed in 2001 to honor longtime hospital president Bob Koppel on the 25th anniversary of his presidency. This building was expanded in 2003, more than doubling in size.
In 2001 Children's Hospital received state approval to begin development of Children's West, an outpatient campus in West Knoxville. The campus now is home to the Children's West Surgery Center (a day surgery center that opened in 2003) and Children's Hospital Rehabilitation Center, which relocated from its former site in 2004.
Also in 2001 Children's Hospital announced plans for a major expansion and renovation project on the main campus. The project included a new seven-story patient tower, a third-floor addition over the existing Emergency Department and renovation of much of the existing facility, including renovation of all semi-private patient rooms into private rooms with full baths.
Children's Hospital's $31.8 million expansion project was completed in 2005. When the project began, Children's Hospital was a 169,700-square-foot, 122-bed facility; the hospital now has of space and 152 licensed beds.
In January 2004, Children's Hospital provided care in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for Tennessee's first surviving quintuplets, the van Tols: Willem Scott, Sean Conner, Isabella Marie, Ashley Faith and Meghan Ann.
In 2006, the hospital provided surgical care to two Iraqi girls brought to the United States for treatment of serious medical conditions.
Services.
East Tennessee Children's Hospital offers 29 subspecialties (with more than 90 pediatric subspecialists). Children made more than 155,000 visits to Children's Hospital in the 2007-08 fiscal year, which ended June 30, 2008.
Children's Hospital provides the following services:
Community involvement.
Knox County School System.
Children's Hospital participates in the Knox County School System's Partners in Education program. The hospital's "adopted" schools are Karns Elementary School, Cedar Bluff Intermediate School and Fort Sanders Educational Development Center.
The Child Life Department at Children's Hospital and volunteers provide the "Hello Hospital" program to kindergarten classes in all Knox County elementary schools. "Hello Hospital" is designed to teach young children what it is like to visit a hospital.
Community organization involvement.
In the fall of 2008, Children's Hospital launched the community-wide Knoxville Area Coalition on Childhood Obesity to increase awareness of problems of childhood obesity, begin a community assessment of current initiatives and introduce the concept of a community coalition using the National Institutes of Health's We Can! (Ways to Enhance Children's Activity and Nutrition) program.
In the summer of 2008, Children's Hospital became the lead organization for Safe Kids of the Greater Knox Area. The mission of the local Safe Kids coalition is to reduce unintentional injuries in children up to age 14 in the East Tennessee region by promoting awareness and implementing prevention initiatives. The local Safe Kids is part of Safe Kids USA, the United States division of Safe Kids Worldwide.
Children's Hospital provides staff, volunteers, in-kind services (such as meeting space) and/or financial support to many community organizations whose goals are to improve the lives of children, including American Cancer Society, American Heart Association, CoverKids, CureFinders, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Down Syndrome Awareness Group, Dream Connection, Girls on the Run, Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Knox County Health Department, Knox County Schools' Partners in Education, Knoxville Area Pregnancy Prevention Initiative, Knoxville Police Department's Safety City, Knoxville Police Department's Think Fast Alcohol Awareness Program, Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, March of Dimes, Montgomery Village, Smoke-Free Knoxville, TENNder Care Coalition and United Way.
Health care education.
Children's Hospital offers student internships, externships, nursing scholarships and training programs for student nurses, pre-med students, social work students, child development specialists and others pursuing health care as a career.
Children's Hospital works with the University of Tennessee Medical Center and University of Tennessee College of Medicine to provide medical school rotations in family practice and other specialties. The hospital also is the pediatric clinical training site for student nurses, respiratory therapists, radiology students and students in other health care disciplines.
Children's Hospital is an accredited Continuing Medical Education provider in Tennessee.
Children's Hospital sponsors the Healthy Kids Community Education Program to provide classes for non-health care professionals. Programs include the American Heart Association's CPR Certification Program and Safe Sitter.
Fantasy of Trees.
Since 1985, the Fantasy of Trees, an annual holiday event with activities and entertainment for families, has raised nearly $4.7 million for the hospital and hosted over a million visitors. Volunteers donate over 155,000 hours annually to support Fantasy of Trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19325200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325200" title="George Kennedy (rancher)">
George Kennedy (rancher)

George Kennedy was a rancher, legislator and Utah State Road Superintendent.
Kennedy was the son of John Kennedy, who was a native of Scotland and a coal miner. John Kennedy joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and came to Utah. He eventually ended up in Randolph, Utah where he formed the Bank of Randolph in connection with Peter Johnson.
George Kennedy married Peter Johnson's daughter Katherine. They had five sons, the youngest of whom was David M. Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="19325208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325208" title="Kerriidae">
Kerriidae

Kerriidae is a family of scale insects known as lac scales.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="19325218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325218" title="Solar storm of 1859">
Solar storm of 1859

The solar storm of 1859, also known as the Carrington Event, was a powerful geomagnetic solar storm in 1859 during solar cycle 10. A solar flare or coronal mass ejection hit Earth's magnetosphere and induced the largest known solar storm, which was observed and recorded by Richard C. Carrington.
Carrington Super Flare.
From August 28, 1859, until September 2, numerous sunspots were observed on the Sun. Just before noon on September 1, the English amateur astronomers Richard Carrington and Richard Hodgson independently made the first observations of a solar flare. It caused a major coronal mass ejection (CME) to travel directly toward Earth, taking 17.6 hours. Such a journey normally takes three to four days. This second CME moved so quickly because the first one had cleared the way of the ambient solar wind plasma.
Because of a simultaneous "crochet" observed in the Kew Observatory magnetometer record by Scottish physicist Balfour Stewart and a geomagnetic storm observed the following day, Carrington suspected a solar-terrestrial connection. Worldwide reports on the effects of the geomagnetic storm of 1859 were compiled and published by Elias Loomis which support the observations of Carrington and Stewart.
On August 29, 1859, aurorae were observed as far north as Queensland.
On September 1–2, 1859, the largest recorded geomagnetic storm occurred. Aurorae were seen around the world, even as far south as the Caribbean; those over the Rocky Mountains were so bright that their glow awoke gold miners, who began preparing breakfast because they thought it was morning. People who happened to be awake in the northeastern US could read a newspaper by the aurora's light. The aurora was visible as far from the poles as Cuba and Hawaii.
Telegraph systems all over Europe and North America failed, in some cases giving telegraph operators electric shocks. Telegraph pylons threw sparks. Some telegraph systems continued to send and receive messages despite having been disconnected from their power supplies.
On Saturday, September 3, 1859, the "Baltimore American and Commercial Advertiser" reported, "Those who happened to be out late on Thursday night had an opportunity of witnessing another magnificent display of the auroral lights. The phenomenon was very similar to the display on Sunday night, though at times the light was, if possible, more brilliant, and the prismatic hues more varied and gorgeous. The light appeared to cover the whole firmament, apparently like a luminous cloud, through which the stars of the larger magnitude indistinctly shone. The light was greater than that of the moon at its full, but had an indescribable softness and delicacy that seemed to envelop everything upon which it rested. Between 12 and 1 o'clock, when the display was at its full brilliancy, the quiet streets of the city resting under this strange light, presented a beautiful as well as singular appearance."
In June 2013, a joint venture from researchers at Lloyd's of London and Atmospheric and Environmental Research (AER) in the United States used data from the Carrington Event to estimate the current cost of a similar event to the world economy at $2.6 trillion (£1.67tr).
Similar events.
Ice cores contain thin nitrate-rich layers that can be analyzed to reconstruct a history of past events before reliable observations; the data from Greenland ice cores was gathered by Kenneth G. McCracken and others. These show evidence that events of this magnitude—as measured by high-energy proton radiation, not geomagnetic effect—occur approximately once per 500 years, with events at least one-fifth as large occurring several times per century. These similar but much more extreme cosmic ray events however may originate outside the solar system and even outside the galaxy. Less severe storms have occurred in 1921 and 1960, when widespread radio disruption was reported. The March 1989 geomagnetic storm knocked out power across large sections of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19325255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325255" title="Leigh College">
Leigh College

Leigh College was from 1915 until 1974 a Methodist Theological College located at 416-420 Liverpool Road, Strathfield South, New South Wales. It was the successor to Wesleyan Theological Institution. The site includes three significant historic properties: "Brundah", a Victorian style house, "Leigh College Hall", a neo-Georgian Revival style building and the "E. Vickery Memorial Chapel". 
History.
"Brundah", an Italianate style house, was built on the site in the mid-1880s for a wine merchant, Thomas Alt. The house was home to the Alt family until 1911 and then was owned by Paul Lamarand. In 1915, the Methodist Church purchased the house and grounds and moved its theological students from Stanmore where they had shared the grounds of Newington College. The new college was named in honour of the Rev. Samuel Leigh. In 1927, the foundation stone for a new building was laid by the Sir Dudley de Chair. The new "Leigh College" was opened in 1928 to a design by Byera Hadley. Hadley also designed a chapel that was built in honour of the Hon. Ebenezer Vickery MLC. The site became the home of the United Theological College, a part of the theology school at Charles Sturt University, in 1974 with the union of Leigh College (Methodist), Camden College (Congregational Union of Australia) and St. Andrews College (Presbyterian Church). The new Uniting Church college moved in 1987 and the land was sub-divided. The site is now the home of Noor Al Houda Islamic College.
Heritage listings.
The Memorial Chapel and Leigh Hall are listed on the Royal Australian Institute of Architects (NSW Chapter) Register of Twentieth Century Buildings of Significance and with Brundah are classified by the National Trust of Australia (NSW). The College site, including front and rear grounds, is also contained in the National Trust's "Strathfield Urban Conservation Area Precinct 3".

</doc>
<doc id="19325260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325260" title="Stephen's Tower">
Stephen's Tower

Stephen's Tower may refer to:
Hungary:
Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="19325261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325261" title="Stephen's Tower (Baia Mare)">
Stephen's Tower (Baia Mare)

Stephen's Tower (; ) is a tower located on Citadel Square in Baia Mare, Romania. Over high and built in a neo-Gothic style, it is a symbol of the city.
Eventually used for strategic observation and detecting fires, Stephen's Tower was initially a bell tower for Saint Stephen's church, built in 1347-76 as the only double-naved church in mediaeval northwest Transylvania. The church (50.6 m long and 19 m wide, with naves 25 m long), though not quite finished, was dedicated in 1387, when it was first mentioned as St. Stephen's. The bell tower was added in 1446 on the church's southwest side; it was begun during John Hunyadi's reign in honour of his 1442 victory over the Ottomans near the Ialomiţa River and completed in 1468 under his son Matthias Corvinus.
In the mid-16th century the tower and church were partly destroyed by powerful lightning. The tower was rebuilt in 1559-61; the church passed from Roman Catholic to Reformed control in 1588. In 1619 both structures underwent a thorough restoration: the tower received a new roof, high and sharp-pointed, in the shape of a square-based pyramid. In 1628 four mechanical clocks with moons (one on each face), manufactured by a Prešov clockmaker, replaced the tower's bell. Another lightning-induced fire in 1647 devastated the church and tower. Yet another fire seriously damaged both structures when they were again hit by lightning in 1769. The tower was rebuilt the following year, when the gallery was raised a level and the roof redone in Baroque onion-dome style. The church was in ruins and repairs estimated to be very costly, so the authorities decided to demolish its remaining walls in 1847 using gunpowder; the former church site became a park in 1856, with Ferenc Schulz's 1870 plan for rebuilding it remaining unimplemented, and only the bell tower remained standing. This was destroyed by fire in 1869 and rebuilt in 1898-99 in neo-Gothic style, a form it preserves to this day.
The aged light green slate roof was damaged by a storm in 2007; repairs, finished the following year at a cost to the city of some €200,000, included its replacement with a copper roof. The tower is open to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19325272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325272" title="Masood Khadarpoosh">
Masood Khadarpoosh

Masood Khadarpoosh (1916–1985) was a famous communist activist in Pakistan. Sindh was the centre of his political activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19325281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325281" title="Upper James Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper James Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper James Street, is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts at the "Claremont Access", a mountain-access road in the north, and extends southward towards the John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport where it then changes its name to the "Hamilton Port Dover Plank Road", (Highway 6). It is a two-way street throughout. As with most of the "Upper" streets, their addresses start at roughly the point where their lower counterpart finishes just below the Escarpment and were originally labelled without the "Upper" prefix.
History.
It was named Upper James Street because it was in alignment with James Street in the Lower City Hamilton and was named after one of Nathaniel Hughson's sons. Hughson was one of the City founders along with George Hamilton and James Durand. Originally it was called the "Caledonia Road" because it was the road that lead to Caledonia, Ontario. It has also been known as Plank Road.
As early as 1842 an inn was situated at the top of the escarpment near Claremont access, where present day Southam Park is situated. By 1850 a four-storey stone structure was erected at the site and it was called the "Mountain View Hotel". It met the needs of those travelling the Caledonia Road, (Upper James Street). Farmers travelling in from townships south of Hamilton rested their horses here on the way to and from the Hamilton Farmer's Market. It offered patrons an unobstructed view of the city below and Lake Ontario beyond. The hotel served as a lookout point for Thirteenth Battalion during the Fenian threat in 1866. The building was destroyed by fire in 1878 and replaced by a new five-storey structure that included an elaborate observation tower on its eastern end in 1881. In 1890 a pavilion suitable for roller skating and dancing was added attracting various family and organized events. Access was improved with an Incline railway immediately to the north. When the establishments liquor license was revoked in 1916 the property was sold. It then served as the home for the "Hamilton Hunt Club". The building was razed in 1937 and the grounds were donated to the City of Hamilton for use as a park in 1943.
Westend incline railway.
James Street, at the base of the Niagara Escarpment was the site of the city's first Incline railway (1892–1932). Back then, the incline railway on James Street was known as the "Hamilton & Barton Incline Railway." It connected to present day Upper James Street. The city's second Incline railway on Wentworth Street South, (1895–1936), was known as the "Eastend Incline Railway" but was often called, "The Mount Hamilton Incline Railway." The Eastend Incline on Wentworth Street was electrically operated and the Westend Incline on James Street depended on steam for its power.
In 1924, following the city's booming development in the east, there was some serious discussion regarding the addition of a third incline railway. The two locations considered at the time were Sherman Avenue or Ottawa Street South. The population of Hamilton Mountain at the time was 6,000.
In 1929, the city's brochures were using the motto, ""The City Beautiful and Hub of Canadian Highways"" as well as ""The City of Opportunity"". In regards to the incline railways, the brochures go on to boast, ""There is no finer view anywhere on the North American continent than the panorama to be seen from the Hamilton mountain. The city below, the blue waters of Hamilton harbour and Lake Ontario. In the background, flanked on the east by the famous "Niagara Fruit District" and on the west by the beautiful "Dundas Valley" and a range of hills, combine to make a picture no artist could paint. There are several roads leading up to the summit and you can drive upon "high", but if you want to enjoy a unique experience and give the family a thrill, drive your car onto one of the Incline Railways and you will have something to tell the folks about when you go back home.""
Construction began on November 1890 with the clearing of the right of way between James Street South and the Caledonia Road near the site of the Mountain View Hotel. The double tracks were 700 feet in length on a grade of 31% to overcome the 195-foot rise of the escarpment. Over half the line was supported on trestles which, at their maximum, held the 36-foot-long cars 50 feet above the ground. Stationary engines drew the cars to the top using steel cables.
Opened June 11, 1892, it was heavily used by residents and tourists alike. The 75-second ride provided a convenient link between the city and Barton Township for both pedestrian and horse-drawn traffic. Improved mountain access roads and the rise in popularity of motorized traffic caused a steadily declining numbers of customers. The line ceased operation on December 26, 1931.
The abandoned rails and equipment were removed during World War II and the right of way came under the jurisdiction of the Hamilton Parks Board.
Today.
John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport or Hamilton International, is an international airport and is named for John C. Munro, a Hamilton Member of Parliament and cabinet minister. John Munro, elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1962 election, and served continuously as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Hamilton, Ontario. Munro was appointed to Cabinet by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, and served variously as Minister of Amateur Sport, Minister of Health and Welfare and Minister of Labour from 1968 to 1978 when he was forced to resign from over the "Skyshops" scandal. The airport was originally built in 1940 as the "Mount Hope Airport", a Royal Canadian Air Force base. After the war, the airport gradually shifted towards civil use, The military ceased using it as a base in 1964. In 1994 Transport Canada announces it will divest itself of local and regional airports. The region of Hamilton issues a request for proposals from private firms to run the airport. In 1996 Hamilton International Airport Limited (HIAL) is the fully owned subsidiary of "TradePort International Corporation". HIAL begins to manage the Hamilton/John C. Munro International Airport. TradePort, winner of the bid to take over the airport, assumes responsibility to manage, finance and operate it under a 40-year lease.
The Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum is a major Canadian aviation museum. It is located at the John C. Munro International Airport. The museum is a non-profit organization whose mandate is to acquire, document, preserve and maintain a complete collection of aircraft that were flown by Canadians and the Canadian military services from the beginning of the Second World War to the present.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Parallel roads.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Intersecting roads.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."

</doc>
<doc id="19325288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325288" title="Expedition Global Eagle">
Expedition Global Eagle

Expedition Global Eagle was the first attempt in history to circumnavigate the globe using an autogyro. The flight was attempted in 2004 by Warrant Officer Barry Jones using an open-cockpit autogyro which he named "Global Eagle". The purpose of the mission was twofold; to set the world record and to raise funds for three charities; the Dyslexia Institute, the NSPCC and the British Red Cross. Jones embarked on his mission on 26 April 2004 from the Museum of Army Flying, Middle Wallop, Hampshire with an honorary military helicopter armada accompanying him during the send off. The expedition was supported by a team of soldiers based at Dishforth, North Yorkshire, United Kingdom. 
The expedition encountered difficulties while flying through Europe, including the Alps and the Middle East and it was downgraded due to flight delays before finally being abandoned after it landed in Guwahati, India around the onset of monsoon season. Officer Jones had set up a website where he described the details of each stage of his trip. The images of the flight as well as details of each stage of the flight were regularly uploaded on the website.
History.
The autogyro is the last remaining type of aircraft which has not a yet been used to circumnavigate the globe. The expedition was the first attempt ever to fly an autogyro around the Earth, a trip of about 25,000 miles (40,000 km). In February 2003, a year before the circumnavigation attempt, the "Global Eagle" broke the world range record by flying non-stop from Culdrose in Cornwall to Wick in Scotland, a total of 580 miles (928 km), after a flight lasting 7 hours and 23 minutes, breaking the old record of either 543.27 statute miles (874.32 km) or 869.23 km (540.11 mi) held by Wing Commander Ken Wallis. During the record-breaking trip Jones drifted toward North America due to a broken radio, before finally correcting the course. While flying over Wales he had to fly over the clouds in the open cockpit of the autogyro. He also flew for approximately 50 miles (80 km) over the North Sea which, as he acknowledged during an interview, was a dangerous course due to the fact the autogyro only had one engine and therefore in case it cut-off there would be no alternative solution but to crash land in the water. The average flight altitude was 4,000 ft and the average speed was 70 mph. In 2004, Jones, a Lynx helicopter pilot, was one of 75 licensed autogyro pilots in the UK. Later in 2003 the original Eagle suffered an accident during landing.
The circumnavigation attempt trip commenced on 26 April 2004 under the patronage of General Sir Michael Walker, Chief of Defence Staff of the British Armed Forces and it was supposed to last about three and a half months. The autogyro flight was to have touched down in twenty five countries with frequent landings due to the limited range of the autogyro. The "Global Eagle"'s route was planned to approximately follow the flightpath taken by Brian Milton in 1998 when he became the first person to circumnavigate the globe using a microlight. Due to technical difficulties with the original gyrocopter the gyro at launch was supplied by the Italian manufacturer "Magni Gyro" which also supplied spare parts and technical assistance to the expedition. The new gyro featured a new colour scheme and the eagle logo was not used. 
The expedition successfully completed the European leg of the journey which included Oostende, Belgium, Friedrichshafen, Germany, the Alps, Bolzano, Trento, Casaleggio Novara, the location of the Magni airfield in Italy, Forlì, Pescara, Bari, Italy, Corfu, Athens, Mykonos, Kos and Rhodes, in Greece and the military base of Akrotiri in Cyprus, albeit with delays. The journey through the Alps was very difficult because Jones had to climb to 10,000 feet over the Alps where it was extremely windy. Jones also had to make a forced landing in the Italian Alps. Also the trip from Athens to Akrotiri over the Mediterranean proved very frightening because flying over the water, with only a few ships below, meant that it would be very difficult to get any help in case of a mishap. From Akrotiri, Global Eagle went to Amman, Jordan, Turaif, Saudi Arabia, Arar, Hafr Al-Batin, Qaisumah, Jubail, Bahrain, Abu Dhabi in the Arab Emirates and Muscat, Oman. 
Over Jordan and Saudi Arabia, Jones had to fly over the desert for hours and to battle sandstorms and hot weather at low altitudes while at higher altitudes it would become very cold. Further, communication was impossible while flying over the desert because of a lack of ground stations and the atmospheric conditions prevailing in the area. While there, Jones had to communicate with commercial aircraft flying over the desert which would then relay his messages to the ground stations at the local airports. A Saudia flight helped him approach and land at Turaif. 
Subsequently Jones arrived at Abu Dhabi and from there he flew to Muscat, Oman and then Gawadar and Ormara in Pakistan and, finally, Karachi. The flight from Muscat to Karachi broke the record for the longest flight over water by an autogyro and lasted six hours. 
From Karachi, Jones flew the autogyro to India where it navigated to Ahmedabad, Udaipur, Jaipur, New Delhi, Bareilly, Gorakhpur, Patna and Baghdogra, sometimes through sandstorms, and finally landed during monsoon rains in the army base of Guwahati. The delays incurred in the European leg of the journey proved damaging to the effort because Jones was forced to arrive in India during monsoon season. The monsoons he encountered were the worst in 20 years with 100 people killed in the Guwahati area alone. The technical difficulties encountered in India, due to the weather, led to the downgrading of the purpose of the mision from circumnavigating the globe to flying to Australia.
Jones and his support team then returned to the UK in order to revise the plans for the truncated trip to Australia. Upon returning to India they discovered that the gyro while at the army base of Guwahati had spent time submerged in water. The transponder, the radio and the rest of the instruments were damaged. As well, the flying controls and the cables needed to be replaced. The damage totalled BP₤10,000 and could not be raised on time. In addition the team members, being soldiers, had to return to active duty by early 2005. This led to the attempt being abandoned. The trip when cancelled had covered between 6,550–7,500 miles (10,480–12,100 km) and had lasted for four months due to the delays experienced, averaging approximately 350 miles per flight day. Even though the expedition did not succeed in its goal of circumnavigating the globe it demonstrated the wide range of conditions under which a light, open-cockpit autogyro could operate.
Completed route details.
The detailed route, times and other details of the completed trip were as follows:
Remaining route.
This is the list of the unfinished part of the expedition:
Technical specifications.
The Magni gyrocopter model: Magni VPM M16 (Similar to the Magni M16 - 2000) used in the expedition had the following specifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19325290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325290" title="Klien-Lindner">
Klien-Lindner

Klein-Linder is a form of articulation for ordinary steam locomotives to make them more suitable for going around very sharp curves.
Examples.
Several locomotives of this type were ordered for the Matheran Hill Railway in India, which has curves as sharp as , traversed at a speed of . Consulting engineer Everard Calthrop designed a 0-6-0T with Klien-Lindner articulated coupled axles to provide a flexible wheelbase, and four were supplied by Orenstein & Koppel.

</doc>
<doc id="19325346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325346" title="William Kirwan">
William Kirwan

William Kirwan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19325350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325350" title="William McIlroy (footballer)">
William McIlroy (footballer)

William "Bill" McIlroy (born 24 November 1883) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19325356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325356" title="Battle of Wadi (1916)">
Battle of Wadi (1916)

The Battle of Wadi, occurring on 13 January 1916, was an unsuccessful attempt by British forces fighting in present-day Iraq during World War I to relieve beleaguered forces under Sir Charles Townshend then under siege by the Ottoman Sixth Army at Kut-al-Amara.
Pushed by regional British Commander-in-Chief Sir John Nixon, General Fenton Aylmer launched an attack against Ottoman defensive positions on the banks of the Wadi River. The Wadi was a steep valley of a stream that ran from the north into the River Tigris, some upstream towards Kut-al-Amara from Sheikh Sa'ad. The attack is generally considered as a failure, as although Fenton managed to capture the Wadi, it cost him 1,600 men. The British failure led to Townshend's surrender, along with 10,000 of his men, in the largest single surrender of British troops up to that time. However, the British recaptured Kut in February 1917, on their way to the capture of Baghdad the following year.
Background.
On 5 December 1915, Ottoman forces under the command of Halil Kut and the German commander Baron von der Goltz, surrounded an Anglo-Indian force of 25,000 men and began the Siege of Kut-Al Amara, a city south of Baghdad. Replying to pleas for help from Major Charles Townshend, Mesopotamian Theatre commander Sir John Nixon dispatched the British Tigris Corps of 19,000 men under Lieutenant General Sir Fenton Aylmer to relieve the besieged garrison.
The first attempt to relieve Kut (the Battle of Sheikh Sa'ad) came on 6 January 1916. Aylmer's advance force, under Major-General George Younghusband, moved forward from Ali Al-Gharbi towards Sheikh Sa'ad along both banks of the Tigris. Younghusband's column made contact with the Ottomans on the morning of 6 January, east of Sheikh Sa'ad. British efforts to defeat the Ottomans were unsuccessful. British casualties were heavy amounting to 4,202, including 133 officers. Following this, the Ottoman forces voluntarily abandoned their position on 9 January for an unknown reason, and retired upstream to the Wadi.
Preparations for the battle.
Aylmer’s troops were exhausted and demoralized as they continued to make their way up the Tigris toward Kut. Their progress was hampered by the region’s typical shortage of available roads and supply routes. Aylmer planned to outflank the Wadi position, capture the Hanna Defile and surround the Ottoman force. The 28th Brigade of the 7th (Meerut) Division under Brigadier General George Kemball would attack the Wadi trenches frontally, while the rest of the Tigris Corps moved around the flank. However, the British troops were hampered by having no accurate maps of the area, so much of the planning was left to chance.
Meanwhile, the Ottoman army, under new regional commander Halil Pasha, set up new and firmer defensive positions—with some 20,000 troops—along the banks of the smaller Wadi River, through which the British would have to pass to reach Kut.
Battle of Wadi.
The attack, which began in the early afternoon of 13 January—postponed from the morning because of a persistent mist and a slow advance by artillery across the river—quickly lost the intended element of surprise, as the outnumbered British forces on both sides of enemy lines struggled to assert themselves against a robust Ottoman defense. Kemball made a frontal advance, while Younghusband, with the bulk of the British force, attempted a wide turning movement. The delay seriously affected the chances of success, as small-arms and artillery fire from the alerted Ottoman forces began to halt the British infantry movements.
Lacking proper maps, the leading British column became lost. Seizing the opportunity, the Ottoman units began to wheel around from a north-south orientation to an east-west, to face the British flanking manoeuvre. The resulting frontal attack by the 28th Brigade was repulsed with heavy casualties.
By dusk, it became clear that the attempt had failed. British troops, attempting to manoeuvre around the Ottoman flanks, failed to reach the river, and the mouth of the Hanna Defile was still strongly held by the entrenched Ottoman troops. Aylmer called off the attack by the end of the day and ferried most of his remaining troops to the right bank of the Tigris.
By this time, Aylmer's troops had gained control of the Wadi, but it was a small advance that was unworthy of the 1,600 men killed or wounded (including 40 British officers) in the attack and did little to bring relief closer to Townshend’s beleaguered forces at Kut. The provision of adequate medical capacity and supplies had not improved significantly since the appalling debacle at Sheikh Sa'ad, so again many casualties suffered without treatment or evacuation for several days.
Aftermath.
The British continued to attempt to break through the Ottoman lines over the coming months in order to rescue their brethren in Kut, all of which were unsuccessful. In April 1916, after nearly five months under siege, Townshend finally submitted, along with 10,000 of his men, in the largest single surrender of British troops up to that time.
Through mistreatment and neglect leading to starvation, nearly 5,000 British prisoners died before the end of the war. The Siege of Kut was an important Ottoman victory, greatly raising the morale of Ottoman soldiers and prestige for the Ottoman Army in the Middle East. The British government on the other hand was forced to pour more resources into Mesopotamia.
The British managed to win back Kut in February 1917, on their way to the capture of Baghdad the following year. The humiliation the British faced due to the loss of Kut had been partially rectified. The Ottoman government was forced to end its military operations in Persia and try to build up a new army to prevent the British from moving on to capture of Mosul.
Sepoy Chatta Singh of the 9th Bhopal Infantry was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions at the battle.
Further reading.
Barker, A. J., "The First Iraq War, 1914-1918: Britain's Mesopotamian Campaign" (New York: Enigma Books, 2009), ISBN 978-1-929631-86-5

</doc>
<doc id="19325363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325363" title="Arizona myotis">
Arizona myotis

The Arizona myotis ("Myotis occultus") is a vesper bat species inhabiting much of the southwestern United States and central Mexico as far south as the Distrito Federal.

</doc>
<doc id="19325371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325371" title="W26CD">
W26CD

W26CD was a Christian religious television station in Scranton, Pennsylvania. The station broadcast locally on channel 26 as an affiliate of TBN. W26CD ceased broadcasting June 26, 2009 due to lack of local support; its license, along with 43 other silent TBN repeaters, was canceled on December 1, 2011 for remaining silent over a year. 

</doc>
<doc id="19325388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325388" title="Ron Jacobs (broadcaster)">
Ron Jacobs (broadcaster)

Ron Jacobs is an American broadcaster, author, record producer and concert promoter. He is best known as the program director of KHJ radio in Los Angeles during its ground-breaking "Boss Radio" period (1965–1969), and as co-creator of the countdown show American Top 40, and the seminal radio program The History of Rock and Roll(1969).
Early career in Hawaii.
Jacobs was born in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, on September 3, 1937. He began his radio career in 1953, upon receiving his FCC license. His first job was as the all-night DJ at Honolulu’s KHON. He then went to KGU Radio, the NBC affiliate in Hawaii, as the Honolulu correspondent for the network's new program, Monitor.
In 1957, Jacobs teamed with fellow KGU DJ Tom Moffatt to jump-start Henry J. Kaiser’s new KHVH Radio. The young deejays brought the best young talent to perform concert dates in Honolulu; and developed relationships with the era’s best rock talent – including industry legends Elvis Presley and his manager, Colonel Tom Parker (they served as honorary pallbearers at Parker’s 1997 funeral).
In 1958, Jacobs was the program director at KPOA Radio in Honolulu. Then, in 1959, Jacobs launched and programmed K-POI Radio – Hawaii’s first Top 40 outlet. During this time, Jacobs wrote and produced the first Pidgin English rock ‘n’ roll records, among them: “Da Kine,” about Hawaii’s delayed entrance into the US, and local Hawaii rock hits by “Lance Curtis” (real name, Dick Jensen).
Move to California.
At 23, Jacobs moved to the U.S. mainland. In 1962, he was promoted to vice president of programming for the Colgreene Corporation. From there he programmed San Bernardino’s KMEN Radio, and then, Fresno’s KMAK.
In Fresno, Jacobs found himself competing head on with radio consultant Bill Drake. They soon combined their talents to program RKO General’s KHJ Radio in Los Angeles. Within six months, the Drake-Jacobs’ “Boss Radio” format was Number One in America’s second largest radio market, garnering national recognition for creating pop radio’s most influential sound of the 1960s.
Jacobs produced the 48-hour-long History of Rock and Roll. Radio’s first "rockumentary," which aired on KHJ and subsequently other stations in the RKO chain, was accepted into the Library of Congress as the “first aural history of rock and roll music.”
While programming the RKO radio chain from KHJ, Jacobs teamed again with Moffatt and Tom Rounds to form Charlatan Productions to produce films featuring recording artists in weird, eye-catching settings.
Watermark, Inc..
After four years atop the L.A. radio ratings, Jacobs left KHJ to co-found and become vice president of Watermark Inc. In 1970, with Tom Rounds and veteran LA deejay Casey Kasem, Jacobs co-created the syndicated radio program, American Top 40.
At Watermark, Jacobs also produced the award-winning Elvis Presley Story, written by rock author Jerry Hopkins and narrated by broadcast personality, Wink Martindale. Next, Jacobs produced a 13-album record series saluting pop radio pioneers, CRUISIN': A History of Rock 'n' Roll Radio.
Jacobs produced several other notable records at Watermark including "A Child's Garden of Grass", for Elektra Records; "Key: An Album of Invisible Theater", the debut album of performance artist Meredith Monk; and, "Music From Another Present Era", the first recording by the jazz ensemble, Oregon.
To San Diego.
Jacobs then went to San Diego to program KGB AM/FM Radio. It was there that Jacobs conceived and produced the original Home Grown album. The KGB Chicken, later known to the nation as "The San Diego Chicken" was also hatched from Jacobs' imagination.
In 1972, Ron Jacobs was honored by Billboard as Program Director of the Year. Jacobs’ documentary about Max Yasgur, on whose farm the Woodstock festival was staged, won Program of the Year honors and two years later, Billboard named KGB, Station of the Year.
During this time, Ron Jacobs continued concert promotions with Tom Moffatt and Tom Rounds. In 1964, the three men formed Arena Associates, staging the first rock show in the Honolulu International Center (now, the Neal S. Blaisdell Arena). In 1968, Arena Associates produced the Miami Pop Festival.
Return to Hawaii.
In July 1976, Jacobs returned to an on-air position doing morning drive on KKUA Radio, in Honolulu, as “Whodaguy Ron Jacobs.” It was at KKUA that Jacobs introduced "Home Grown", a radio station promotion in which contest winners had the opportunity to record their winning songs for release on a compilation album with the proceeds being donated to Habilitat, a drug/alcohol rehabilitation facility in Honolulu. Jacobs did three albums, "Home Grown" (1976), "Home Grown II" and "Home Grown III", while he was at KKUA.
Jacobs’ TV career began when he hosted the Coca-Cola Record Hop on KHVH-TV, owned by Henry J Kaiser. In 1977, Jacobs expanded his television work, producing Home Grown TV specials; a one hour documentary on contemporary Hawaiian music entitled "Slack Key and Other Notes" (co-produced with the Hawaii Observer and Videololo), and a quarterly magazine-format series, "Pictures of Paradise", for CBS affiliate, KGMB-TV.
In 1980, after leaving KKUA, Jacobs launched KDEO Radio as Hawaii's only full-time country music station, "the Western-most country station in the nation."
In 1985, in conjunction with Hawaii's visitor industry, Jacobs conceived, wrote and produced a nationwide radio promotion, The Hawaiian Chief, that ran in 48 markets in the continental United States under the sponsorship of American Airlines and Sheraton Hotels.
In 1992, Jacobs was hired to produce and co-write the return of the radio show, Hawaii Calls. It was once again broadcast live from Waikiki, but from a different location, and lasted for less than one year.
Final years on the airwaves.
In 1994, Jacobs returned to Los Angeles where he joined Radio Express as executive producer of The World Chart Show.
In April 1997, Jacobs returned to Honolulu where he produced "Home Grown '97", a compilation album of contest winners' songs, for KRTR-FM and an inter-island network of stations, again donating the profits from the CD of previous "Island Home Grown" to Habilitat, which had relocated to Kaneohe, on the island of Oahu.
On February 9, 1998, Jacobs joined KCCN/1420 as host of the morning-drive show. A year later, the station changed to an all-sports format. Jacobs left the airwaves.
With a broadcasting career spanning five decades, the Hawaii State Legislature recognized Jacobs for his cultural contributions in the area of Hawaiian music and the Mayor of the City and County of Honolulu honored him with a “Ron Jacobs Day.”
Writing career.
Ron Jacobs is also a published author. His first book, "Backdoor Waikiki", was published in 1986. For seven years he was a contributing editor to both "Honolulu" and "Hawaii magazines". More than 150 Jacobs’ articles have appeared in both local and national publications.
In February 2002, Zapoleon Publishing, Stafford, Texas, released "KHJ: Inside Boss Radio", a 407-page narrative by Ron Jacobs that included a series of oral-history interviews, memos and graphics covering Jacobs’ tenure at Boss Radio.
Ron Jacobs newest book is titled, "OBAMALAND: Who Is Barack Obama?," published by Trade Publishing, Honolulu, November 2008. The volume, including new photos, commissioned artwork and never-before published facts about Obama's youth in Honolulu, begins in 1959, when Barack Obama, Sr., landed in Hawaii and ends with Barack Obama graduating from Punahou School and heading to California for college in 1979.
Current Activities.
Jacobs resides in Kaneohe, Oahu, Hawaii where he broadcasts Hawaiian music and interviews from his Kaneohe studios online at whodaguyhawaii.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19325404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325404" title="BL 12 inch naval gun Mk I – VII">
BL 12 inch naval gun Mk I – VII

The BL 12 inch naval gun Mk I was Britain's first attempt to match the large breech-loading naval guns being installed in rival European navies, particularly France. Mks I - VII all had a barrel of approximately 303 inches in length (25.25 calibres) and similar performance.
Naval service.
Mk II was installed on battleships "Colossus" from 1882, "Collingwood" and the coastal service ironclad "Conqueror". Mk II guns failed in service and were quickly replaced by Mks III. IV and V, with many changes and improvements. The later marks were also mounted on "Hero", sistership of "Conqueror", and on 
"Edinburgh", sistership of "Colossus".
Coast defence gun.
Mks I, VI and VII were coast defence versions with trunnions for mounting on recoil slides. They were installed in forts in England at Spitbank Fort, No Man's Land Fort and Horse Sand Fort from 1884 onward and were in active service during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19325408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325408" title="H42">
H42

H42 or H-42 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325418" title="List of Bengali films of 2006">
List of Bengali films of 2006

This is a list of films produced by Tollywood (the Bengali language film industry in Kolkata) in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19325424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325424" title="Ken McLeod (Australian rules footballer)">
Ken McLeod (Australian rules footballer)

Ken McLeod is a former Australian rules footballer who played with University. A move to England ended his Australian football career. He later joined the British navy, and was killed in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19325438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325438" title="H43">
H43

H43, H 43, H.43 or H-43 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325448" title="Nicolae Popa (judge)">
Nicolae Popa (judge)

Nicolae Popa (born September 1, 1939) is a Romanian judge, the president of the High Court of Cassation and Justice from 2004 to 2009.
Popa, born in Govora, Vâlcea County, graduated the University of Bucharest's Law Faculty in 1960, receiving a Doctorate in Law from that institution in 1975. Beginning in 1960, he taught in the same faculty, becoming a professor of general legal theory and judicial sociology in 1975. He was a member of the faculty's professorial council, as well as of the Nicolae Titulescu University Law Faculty professorial council. He also served as a thesis adviser in law.
In 1993, President Ion Iliescu named him a presidential adviser on legislative and judicial problems. He served in that capacity until 1996, when he was named to the Constitutional Court of Romania in order to fill the unexpired term of Ioan Deleanu. He served on that court until 2004, becoming its president on June 7, 2001. On July 12, 2004, Iliescu named him president of the High Court of Cassation and Justice, despite Popa's not having the 18 years' experience as a judge required by law; he took the oath of office two days later. He remained in office until September 14, 2009, departing before his six-year term expired due to his having reached the mandatory retirement age of 70.
Popa holds a 2003 "doctor honoris causa" degree from the Free International University of Moldova in Chişinău and is a 1973 graduate of an international seminar held in Salzburg on the subject of American law and legal institutions. Since 1995 he has been editor-in-chief of "Revista de Drept Public".

</doc>
<doc id="19325469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325469" title="Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Indian Films Award">
Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Indian Films Award

Here is a list of Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Indian Films Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19325488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325488" title="László Disztl">
László Disztl

László Disztl (born 4 June 1962 in Baja) is a retired Hungarian footballer who played mainly as a right defender.
Football career.
During his career, Disztl played mainly for Videoton FC, and was an important member of the side which eventually finished runner-up in the 1984–85 UEFA Cup, to Real Madrid.
After two years with Budapest Honvéd FC, he moved abroad, to Belgium's Club Brugge KV, and closed his career at 33 with his first club, which he briefly managed in 2008.
Disztl gained 28 caps for Hungary and, like namesake Péter, appeared at the 1986 FIFA World Cup. His only international goal came against Italy on 17 October 1990, for the UEFA Euro 1992 qualifiers (1–1 home draw).

</doc>
<doc id="19325495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325495" title="H44">
H44

H44 or H-44 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325509" title="Ilaga">
Ilaga

The Ilaga (Visayan: "rat") is a Philippine Catholic extremist militia predominantly composed of Visayan groups (Hiligaynon and Cebuano) mixed deep in Shamanism and amulets that operated, led and largely used by the Philippine Constabulary as a militia force during the 1970s in Southern Mindanao while battling against the Bangsa Moro Rebellion.
Increased tensions in the Philippines since 2008 have since seen the reemergence of the armed vigilante group calling themselves the Bag-ong Ilaga (Visayan: "New Ilaga"). Since 2008, violence flared up with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front and the Armed Forces of the Philippines after the Supreme Court of the Philippines overruled the proposed treaty for an Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao. The group committed its bloodiest act in June 1971 when it massacred 65 civilians in a mosque.
Cannibalism.
As part of their ritual, they eat parts of their victims ears, nose and internal organs sure as heart and liver. Most of them have amulets of some sort, even strange smelling oils to make them, as they believe, impervious to bullets and Moro sword strikes. They are also reported to cut limbs, foot and breast of women that they captured.
Moro Civilians Massacred in mosque.
Violence attributed to the Ilaga reached its bloodiest in June 1971 with the massacre of 65 old men, women and children inside a mosque at Barangay Manili in Carmen, North Cotabato. The group was composed of Settler villagers used by the Philippine Constabulary to attack Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) communities. Some members reportedly cut off the ears of dead Moro and wore them around their necks as trophies. One senior member, Norberto Manero, aka "Kumander Bukay", also gained notoriety in the 1980s after he was convicted of murdering and eating the brain of Italian priest Tullio Favali whom he had suspected of having links with Communist insurgents, yet surprisingly was released. in a suspected Local Government Officials and military collusion. Santiago (spokesperson of the Reform Ilaga Movement), who is in his mid-60s, claimed that his group had at least 10,000 armed members and 10,000 more supporters. At the press conference, the Philippine Daily Inquirer saw some 300 armed men present. Some fighters had strange amulets, which, Santiago said, “came from their elders during the time of Kumander Toothpick.” The religious yet pagan based amulets are believed to lose their powers when a person using it had done something bad. “Our instruction to them is not to go to battle if they have done something wrong against other people. To follow some divine commandments to avoid accidents that may lead to their deaths,” Santiago said.
Deep scar on peace efforts.
The effect of Ilaga extremism is the mutual animosity created between neighboring Moro and Settler communities. Mistrust and cycle of revenge are still felt today due to the creation of this militia. Long cooperative neighborhood is now divided due to past violent experiences. Some Ilaga leaders has amassed large tracts of land taken forcibly from defenseless and overwhelmed Moro and Lumad communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19325516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325516" title="FUN DMC">
FUN DMC

Fun DMC is the sixth studio album by People Under the Stairs, released on Gold Dust Media. Recorded throughout the summer of 2008, the theme of the album is summertime fun in Los Angeles, and the background and intros/outros of most songs on the album have audio recorded across LA that summer. The name of the album is a homage to Run DMC, and in anticipation of the album the group released the mixtape "Funner than Leather", a play on the Run DMC inspired, Rick Rubin directed film Tougher Than Leather.
After touring extensively throughout Australia from 2004–2007, Thes One and Double K wrote the song "The Wiz" about their travels down under. In summer of 2008 the group worked with director Matt Bird to film the video for The Wiz on location in Sydney. The filming of the video involved underwater cameras, cranes, and a helicopter shot that almost killed both members, and is the group's most elaborate music video to date.
"Fun DMC" debuted on the Billboard Heatseekers List at #6. Following a nationwide tour in support of the album, People Under The Stairs celebrated their 10-year anniversary in December 2008 with a sold out show at Los Angeles’ historical El Rey theatre.
In spring of 2011, the group released an dub version of the album that Thes One had made while mixing the album in 2008, available exclusively on their recently launched website. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Christopher "Thes One" Portugal and Michael "Double K" Turner, except where noted.
The double-LP version of the album omits tracks 7, 8, 10, 11, 17 and 19, and it places "Party Enemy No. 1" between "Critical Condition" and "The Wiz". Consequently, it is nearly 20 minutes shorter, and Side B is mixed slightly differently than its corresponding CD material.

</doc>
<doc id="19325523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325523" title="H47">
H47

H47 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325528" title="Times-News">
Times-News

Times-News may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19325530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325530" title="Awarua (disambiguation)">
Awarua (disambiguation)

Awarua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19325553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325553" title="H48">
H48

H48 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325594" title="So Wa Wai">
So Wa Wai

So Wa Wai William (; born October 6, 1981) is an athlete from Hong Kong who has competed in the Paralympic Games on four occasions, winning 11 medals.
Early life.
So was born with jaundice which affected both his hearing and the balance of his limbs, and hence competes in the T36 classification for athletes with cerebral palsy. At the age of 10, his enthusiasm for running was noticed by athletics coach Poon Kin-lui, who then began to formally train So.
Paralympic career.
His first Paralympic appearance came at the 1996 games in Atlanta, where he won a gold medal as part of the men's 4×100 m relay team in the T34-37 classification.
Over the course of the next two summer Paralympic Games, 2000 in Sydney and 2004 in Athens, So won of four gold and two silver medals in a range of individual events, up to a distance of 400 m, as well as two bronze medals in relay events.
In 2008 So was chosen to be part of the torch relay as the Olympic flame passed through Hong Kong on its way to Beijing. However, his participation in the games themselves was put into doubt when an injury to his father rendered him unable to work. So was forced to give up his training and take up a full-time job to support his family. Help with his situation came from Andy Lau, a Hong Kong entertainer and the singer of the Beijing Paralympic Games official theme song "Flying with the Dream", who gave him a full-time job with the flexibility to allow him to train for the Games.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics games, So led the Hong Kong team into the Bird's Nest Stadium during the opening ceremony as the flagbearer. During competition he first won a bronze medal in the 100 m, a performance with which he was disappointed, and followed this with a sixth place in the 400 m. In the 200 m T36 final he broke his own world record with a time of 24.64 seconds on the way to winning the gold medal, making him the Paralympic champion in that event for the third successive occasion. After the race he said he had been ill before the competition and that "During the first part of today's competition I did not run at my normal speed", he attributed his win to both "good luck" and "practice". 
So is the current world record holder in both the 100 and 200 m men's T36 classification.

</doc>
<doc id="19325595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325595" title="H49">
H49

H49 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325605" title="Laister-Kauffman TG-4">
Laister-Kauffman TG-4

The Laister-Kauffman TG-4 (designated LK-10 Yankee Doodle 2 by its designer) was a sailplane produced in the United States during the Second World War for training cargo glider pilots. It was a conventional sailplane design with a fuselage of steel tube construction and wooden wings and tail, skinned all over in fabric. The pilot and instructor sat in tandem under a long canopy. 
Design and development.
Jack Laister designed the aircraft in response to the formation of the United States Army Air Corps' American Glider Program in 1941, basing it on his Yankee Doodle design of 1938 for Lawrence Tech. Aside from the addition of a second seat, the Yankee Doodle 2 differed from it predecessor in having wings of constant dihedral instead of gull wings. The USAAC expressed interest, but only if Laister could arrange for the manufacture of the type. When Laister found a sponsor in businessman John Kauffman, they established the Laister-Kauffman Corporation in St Louis, Missouri and the USAAC ordered three prototypes as the XTG-4.
When evaluation of the type proved positive, the Army placed an order for 75 aircraft, followed by an order for another 75. These were operated as the TG-4A, along with the original, single-seat Yankee Doodle that was impressed into service. All had been withdrawn from service prior to the end of the war when it was discovered that the flight characteristics of the aircraft were so different to those of a cargo glider, that the experience gained on the TG-4 was not particularly relevant.
Operators.
LK-10 Serial #106 under prefix PT-PAZ operated by Aeroclube de Bauru in Brazil as of April 2013 
Video of LK-10aflying at SOSA Gliding Club during the summer of 2013 - her 70th anniversary.
Aircraft Under Restoration to Flight.
TG-4A Serial #74 Under Restoration at Legend Of Aces Aviation (www.Legendofaces.com)

</doc>
<doc id="19325614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325614" title="Neurobionics">
Neurobionics

Neurobionics is aimed at the objective to substitute failed and damaged parts of the human brain and spinal cord by artificial, implantable systems of information processing. Thereby, the nonlinear aspects of biological information processing provide the theoretical basis for the invention of artificial implantable microsystems. 
In 1992 Neurobionics was founded by Hans-Werner Bothe organizing the 1st International workshop on Neurobionics in Goslar as a novel faculty between neurobiology, neurotechnology, computational neuroscience, and clinical neuromedicine.

</doc>
<doc id="19325619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325619" title="Midnight Movie (film)">
Midnight Movie (film)

Midnight Movie is a 2008 United States horror film from Bigfoot Entertainment in the horror/slasher genre directed by Jack Messitt and produced by Kacy Andrews.
Plot.
Forty years after directing and starring in a slasher movie, entitled "The Dark Beneath", centred around a group of friends being killed by a masked killer, Ted Radford (Arthur Roberts) suffers a mental breakdown and is admitted to a psychiatric ward. In an attempt to cure Radford, his doctor (Richard Magarey) shows him the movie, despite the warnings of Dr. Wayne (Michael Swan). When Dr. Wayne arrives at the ward the following morning, he discovers evidence of a mass slaughter, however no bodies are to be found. 
Five years later, a local theater is showing "The Dark Beneath" for the first time since the murders. The theater's staff, Bridget (Rebekah Brandes), Rachael (Brea Grant), and Kenny (Shaun Ausmus) welcome a small group of customers, including a biker couple, Harley (Stan Ellsworth) and Babe (Melissa Steach), Dr. Wayne and Detective Barrons (Jon Briddell), who both believe Radford will appear, and Bridget's boyfriend Josh (Daniel Bonjour), who is accompanied by his friend Mario (Greg Cirulnick), Mario's girlfriend Samantha (Mandell Maughan) and their awkward friend Sully (Michael Schwartz). Bridget's younger brother Timmy (Justin Baric) also arrives, but is sent home due to his age. As the movie is about to begin, Josh convinces Bridget to allow Kenny to be in charge so she can watch the movie with him. 
However, after a while Bridget becomes unsettled by the movie and enters the lobby, where it is revealed she was abused by her father as a child. At this time, Kenny enters the basement to retrieve stock, but is attacked by the same killer from the movie, and is ultimately stabbed to death with a large corkscrew. His death is shown to the watchers in the theater, however they continue to believe it is part of the movie. Meanwhile, Josh convinces Bridget to enter the theater once again, while Sully goes to use the restroom. However, while returning he is too attacked and has his heart gored out. Bridget, Josh, Mario and Samantha think of it as an elaborate prank by Sully, but Rachael too is stabbed to death for all to see, prompting everyone to investigate. The Detective reveals himself to the rest of the group, who realise the deaths are real. The group try to get help, but find their phones do not have a signal and the theater's phone is dead. They also discover Timmy, who snuck back in to watch the movie. Suddenly, Radford appears and slashes Dr. Wayne's throat. The Detective shoots Radford, but there is little effect as Dr. Wayne is soon seen being dragged into a basement on the screen.
Timmy tells the group he snuck in through the upstairs window, and so the group decide to try and escape. However, while doing so the window slams shut on Samantha's fingers, trapping her and forcing the others to flee. The Detective attempts to save Samantha, however Radford stabs both to death. Regrouping downstairs, the survivours find a police officer outside the front entrance, however Radford makes the group unable to be seen, and the police officer soon leaves. Desperate, the group resort to trying to break the projector, and thus stop the movie. However, the door is locked, and so Timmy enters the ventilation system. He makes it to the room and lets the others in, where Harley breaks the projector just in time to save Josh who is attacked by Radford. The projector quickly repairs itself, and Radford re-appears and chases the group. Harley, Babe and Timmy hide in a closet but the killer breaks through the door and stabs Harley in the stomach with the corkscrew, while the others get away.
Bridget, Josh and Mario make their way back to the theater where they witness Babe being stabbed to death on the screen. Mario ditches his friends, but is eventually electrocuted to death by Radford. Josh also falls victim to Radford, while Bridget finds Timmy. Together, the pair are sucked into the movie world where Bridget finds herself in a basement. Radford tortures her, until she is able to escape and free Timmy. They are quickly ambushed by the killer in the movies mother, but Timmy stabs him in the back with a sickle and once again they continue their escape, with Radford chasing them. Bridget realises the movie is coming to an end, and so sacrifices herself to remain trapped in the movie world to save Timmy, who enters the real world. The police arrive at the theater to find Timmy the only survivour.
Reviews.
Reviews for the film have been mostly positive, with Fangoria Magazine saying "here are genuine jolts to be had here, rather than simple gross-outs." 
Midnight Movie The Killer Cut.
In May 2011, a director's cut of the movie entitled "Midnight Movie The Killer Cut" was released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19325620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325620" title="Salaam Baalak Trust">
Salaam Baalak Trust

Salaam Baalak Trust (SBT) is an Indian Non-profit and Non-governmental organization, established in 1988 with the proceeds from the film "Salaam Bombay!" (1988) made on street children by noted film director, Mira Nair, which provides support for street and working children in inner cities of New Delhi, and Mumbai, this includes providing education, basic literacy and schooling, full care facilities for the young (up to 12 years), drop-in shelters for older children, health care and counselling in HIV/AIDS and TB awareness. 
Today SBT runs, five 24-hour full care shelters for children, with one devoted to girl children, (Arushi), in Mumbai, Delhi and Bhubaneshwar; five outreach contact points mostly near railway stations and a 24-hour toll-free helpline service, catering to children in distress all over India, in all looking after 5,000 children every year. 
It is also a project 'H71 partner NGO' of United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), which whom its runs its 'Kishalaya Centre', and awareness programme at YMCA, Mumbai.
Today, SBT children, who have been trained in theatre, dance and puppetry, are giving performances all over the world 
Since 2007 SBT Delhi is running the Salaam Baalak City Walk - New Delhi, a guided tour through Paharganj and New Delhi Railway Station area. The guides are former street children from the trust. The walk aims to sensitize about street life, street children and Indian society problems. During the walk the guides share their personal story of survival with the participants and show them the contact points and shelter homes SBT provides.The walk also provides an opportunity for the young people to improve their communication and marketing skills. All proceeds go directly to the trust to enable more opportunities to be made for street children so the walk is 100% non-profit making.
In addition to the Salaam Baalak City Walk - New Delhi tour, SBT also offers a Heritage Walk through Old Delhi, show casing six hidden places in Old Delhi, including markets, havelis, and five different religions that have existed in Old Delhi since 1638. This walk acquaints tourists with all that has survived in Old Delhi since Shah Jahan, the fifth Mughal Emperor, made Delhi the capitol of his empire. The walk takes tourists on a rickshaw ride through the city and lands panoramic views of Old Delhi from a spice market rooftop. It also ends in an SBT shelter home for boys and offers a glimpse into what street children have survived through as well. 
History.
Original established in 1988, to rehabilitate the children who appeared in the film, Salaam Bombay! (1988) in Mumbai, Salaam Baalak Trust started working in 1989, and by 2005 it had seventeen centre for street child throughout India. 
In New Delhi, SBT started its operations with 25 children in the open-air balcony at the police station at the New Delhi Railway Station, when three trustees inspired by the film, started caring for them.
Starting 1999, Family Health International (FHI), with funding from USAID, started working with the SBT, on HIV/AIDS education and prevention, while supplying, street children aged between 4 and 13 with food, medical aid, education, and essential supplies. Over the its shelters have been visited by various national and international dignitaries, including, Tony Blair and Cherie Blair (2005).
Since 2003, it has also been working with volunteers from University College Dublin Volunteers Overseas, (UCDVO). In 2006, Salaam Baalak Trust won the "‘Civil Society Award’" from the National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) and UNAIDS. Earlier in March, it started a guided city walk, through the areas managed by the Trust, its shelters, contact points, and areas around the New Delhi Railway Station in Paharganj, where the streen children live and earn a living, doing menial jobs, the tour guided by former street children themselves, sensitizing people about the lives of street children in Delhi, and the turnaround possible in their lives, when given an opportunity.
Its latest home, "Arushi", built exclusively for girls, was open in New Delhi, in August 2008, and provides shelter to over 70 girls, the Arushi centre at Gurgaon, also opened in 2008, houses around 45 girls, aged between five and 18.
Educational programs.
SBT is working with National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS), Formal Education it is also offering Non-Formal Education (NFE) and Bridge Education/Course to street children. Apart from this it also runs, Mobile Learning Centre (Mobile school), along with Government of Delhi, covering area around Connaught Place, New Delhi.
Achievements.
Since SBT's beginning in 1988, more than 57,715 children have benefited from the organization's resources. The organization has restored over 8,200 children to their families; provided shelter to more than 12,500 children; admitted more than 33,800 children into their literacy program; enrolled more than 6,000 kids into formal schooling; provided more than 1,500 kids with vocational training; and has placed more than 793 beneficiaries in jobs. These 25 years worth of achievements have been celebrated by the re-release of Salaam Bombay!, Mina Nair's notable award winning film which inspired the start of SBT. 

</doc>
<doc id="19325623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325623" title="H50">
H50

H50 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19325650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325650" title="Naramdev Brahmin">
Naramdev Brahmin

Narmdiya Brahmins, also transliterated Naramdev, are descendants of the priests of the Somnath temple who were forced to migrate from Gujarat to Madhyapradesh are settled along the bank of the Narmada River. Their migration owes to the forays and desecration of the Somnath temple by the cruel Islamic invader Mahmud Ghazni. Its members regard themselves as Manasputra of river Narmada. Naramdevs are considered as Panchdravida Brahmin. They belong to around 40 gotras and are followers of Shukla Yajurveda, of Madhyandini, a sub-branch, under Vajsaneyi branch. Most of them are concentrated in five districts of Madhya Pradesh i.e. Harda, Khandwa, Barwani, Dhar and Khargone. On the basis of regional affiliation naramdevs are divided as Bhuvanaya(Harda, Hoshangabad), Nimadi(Khandwa, Khargone, Badwani, Dhar) and Malwi. Naramdevs generally refrain themselves to establish any nuptial ties with peoples of other regions i.e. bhuvanya with nimadi or malwis or its vice-versa, although they are not endogamous. Statistics reveals few peoples transcends his regional limit.
Guru of Adi guru Shankaracharya Sri Govind Acharya claim to belonged to Naramdev Community. Govindacharya Acharya initiated Shankar on the bank of river Narmada at Omkareshwar.
Gothras and Pravaras.
Each Naramdev male (or unmarried female) is identified by his or her respective paternal family name. A married female adopts her husband's family name. Each family is affiliated to a Gothra and Pravara. The Gothra name demonstrates the family's traditional style of knowledge acquisition and expertise in ancient theories. Based on the fact that cross-breeding of excellent but different species yields better quality, marriage from a family belonging to the same Gothra was and is still banned for Naramdevs. Looking from another angle, Naramdevs believe that marriage from the same Gothra has a better chance of generating mentally retarded or physically handicapped children or at least children of less intellectual capacity. Each Gothra has several sub-classes known as Pravara. 
Common Gothra (and their Pravara in brackets) among Naramdevs are Kashyap or kashiv (Vatsaranya, Naidhruv, Kashyap), Koushik ( Viswaamithra, devrat), Vaatsa ( Bhaargava,Purodhas), Vats( Jaamadagnyam, Bhaargava, Chyavan, aurav, alpwan), Maunas( Bhargava, savev, Maunas), Shandilya ( Aasit, deval), Chandrayan ( Kuts, Kutseti), Atre (Gavishter, Purvtithya), Vashishtha ( Mitra, Varun, Koandilya), Gargava ( Shankaradevi, Brahaspati), Markendeya ( Jamdagni, Bhargava, Chyavan, Aurv), Katyayni ( Vishwamitra, Aaghmarshan), Bharadwaj ( Aangiras, Brahaspati), Parashar ( Shakti, vashishtha),Parey or Pare( Bhargava) etc.
Eminent Naramdevs.
1.late shri Hargovind- IRS officer batch of 1948; ex Chief Commissioner of income tax delhi 
2.Jaideep Govind- IAS officer (1984) MP cadre
3.Abhas Joshi- Participant and anchor of "Voice of India", a TV show
4.P. C. Sharma (Ex – MLA) Bhopal
5.Late Sri Banshidhar Parashar-(Ex MLA) Nasrullaganj;

</doc>
<doc id="19325674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325674" title="Amalanhig">
Amalanhig

Amalanhig are creatures in Visayan mythology, particularly among Hiligaynon speaking groups. "Amalanhig" are "Aswangs" who failed to transfer their monstrosity causing them to rise from their graves to kill humans by biting their necks. In order to escape from "Amanlanhigs", one runs in zigzag direction since they can only walk in straight direction due to the stiffness of their body. One would also climb trees or high platforms enough to be out of their reach. One would also run into lakes and rivers since "Amanlanhigs" are scared of deep bodies of water.
The "Amalanhig" are depicted as externally identical to humans, though there is an enlargement of the upper canines in most individuals. The "Amalanhig" is a variant of the vampire native to the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19325688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325688" title="Avian HBV RNA encapsidation signal epsilon">
Avian HBV RNA encapsidation signal epsilon

The Avian HBV RNA encapsidation signal epsilon (AHBV_epsilon) is an RNA structure that is shown to facilitate encapsidation of the pregenomic RNA required for replication. There are two main classes of encapsidation signals in avian HBV viruses - Duck hepatitis B virus (DHBV) and Heron hepatitis B virus (HHBV) like. DHBV is used as a model to understand human HBV. Although studies have shown that the HHBV epsilon has less pairing in the upper stem than DHBV, this pairing is not absolutely required for DHBV infection in ducks. 
DHBV epsilon consists of a stem structure, a bulge and an apical loop (Fig. 1). The RNA structure was determined by chemical probing, NMR analysis and by mutagenesis.
HHBV epsilon also consists of a stem structure, a bulge and an apical loop (Fig. 2). The RNA structure has been determined by chemical probing and by mutagenesis. However, it has less base pairing in the upper stem than DHBV epsilon. 
Recent NMR analysis of both the HHBV and DHBV epsilon have shown that the apical loop to be capped by a stable well-structured UGUU tetraloop.
In the Rfam database a single covariation model (AHBV_epsilon box right) best discriminates between the true instances of the element in sequence databases and background. The secondary structure diagram is a computer generated view of the structure with highly conserved bases shown in red. It includes the major elements shown in Figures 1 and 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19325692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325692" title="H52">
H52

H52 or H-52 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325716" title="Mayoori (actress)">
Mayoori (actress)

Mayoori (മയൂരി) or Mayuri, also known as Shalini in the Tamil film industry, was a popular South Indian actress.
She acted in a number of meaningful films in Malayalam and Tamil.
She committed suicide in 2005 at the age of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19325719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325719" title="H57">
H57

H57 or H-57 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19325744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325744" title="Charlotte Fullerton">
Charlotte Fullerton

Charlotte Louise Fullerton is an American writer of television, novels, comic books and video games.
Biography.
Charlotte Fullerton graduated with a BA in Cinema-Television/Production from the University of Southern California, and started her career in children’s entertainment as an Assistant at Fox Kids Network. There, she worked her way up first to Junior Producer, then to full Writer/Producer in the On-Air Promotions department. Her Fox Kids Bartcasting campaign, featuring Bart Simpson taking over the network, garnered Fox Kids’ On-Air Promotions department its first Promax International Gold Medallion Award nomination and win.
Fullerton served as the voice director, the post-production supervisor, and as a foley artist on the short film Troops, a parody of Cops set in the Star Wars’ universe, written and directed by Kevin Rubio. In 2010, Troops was named the #1 Star Wars fan film of all time by Time Magazine. 
Fullerton is currently co-Story Editor of the new ' series for Cartoon Network, and has previously served as Story Editor of the Nicktoons’ series "Zevo-3" as well as the original "Duel Masters" for Hasbro and Cartoon Network. She wrote the fun facts featured in the “What’s What Edition”s of several Disney Channel Original Movies, including "High School Musical' '. She has also written episodes of a wide variety of children’s TV series, including ', "The Super Hero Squad Show", "The Fairly OddParents", ', "Tutenstein", "The 99", "Kim Possible", "Power Rangers", ', "Generator Rex", "Geronimo Stilton", "", and the CG movie, "Care Bears to the Rescue" (2010).
Fullerton is a two-time Emmy nominee: in 2012 for Outstanding Original Song – Children’s and Animation on "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic" at The Hub, and in 2010 for Outstanding Writing in Animation on "The Fairly OddParents" at Nickelodeon.
Fullerton will be a featured guest at San Diego Comic-Con in July 2013. 
Fullerton has authored several books for children and young adults. These include "Cry of the Wolf" (2001) in the "" series as well as original stories and adaptations based on the "Ben 10: Alien Force" TV series, all for Scholastic, plus adaptations of the "Sonic X" TV series for Penguin. She wrote the "Ben 10: Alien Force" talking interactive graphic novel for LeapFrog, and the "Ben 10: Alien Force" CN Action Pack comic book series for DC Comics. Fullerton has also written for an adult readership as a Contributing Editor for CFQ’s pop culture national magazine, Geek Monthly, and is a featured essayist in the Benbella/Smart Pop book, Coffee at Luke’s, which discusses the TV series, "Gilmore Girls". 
Fullerton’s videogame writing credits include the "Generator Rex" console game and numerous "Ben 10" videogames for Activision, Konami, VTech, LeapFrog, and D3 Publisher for all of the major gaming platforms: Sony PlayStation 3, Sony PlayStation 2, Sony PlayStation Portable (PSP), Nintendo Wii U, Nintendo Wii, Nintendo Wii Ware, Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DS, Microsoft XBox 360, Microsoft XBox Live Arcade, PC platforms, plus the VTech MobiGo and Leapster Explorer handheld educational gaming systems. 
Charlotte Fullerton is represented by The Gotham Group in Los Angeles, CA.
Fullerton is originally from Haverhill, MA. She is the widow of comic book and animation writer/producer, Dwayne McDuffie. 

</doc>
<doc id="19325762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325762" title="H59">
H59

H59 may refer to:
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19325777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325777" title="The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru">
The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru

The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru was an innovative 1658 theatrical presentation, a hybrid entertainment or masque or "operatic show", written and produced by Sir William Davenant. The music was composed by Matthew Locke.
The work was significant in the evolution of English opera and musical theatre, and also of English drama; Davenant brought into the public theatre the techniques of scenery and painted backdrops that had previously been employed only in the courtly masque. It was by presenting his work in a musical rather than a dramatic context that Davenant was able to circumvent the Puritan Commonwealth's prohibition on plays. Indeed, Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell encouraged the production of this work and Davenant's ensuing "The History of Sir Francis Drake" (1659) as anti-Spanish propaganda. (The English had been at war with Spain since 1655.)
The show.
"The Cruelty" was presented at the Cockpit Theatre in the summer of 1658; it was on the stage by July. The work consists of six scenes or tableaux, called "Entries," each of which starts with a speech by the Chief Priest of Peru and proceeds to a song. The Chief Priest was dressed in a "Garment of Feathers" and a "bonnet" with an "ornament of Plumes." He carried "the Figure of the Sun on his Bonnet and Breast" because "the Peruvians were worshippers of the Sun."
The first Entry shows the Peruvians in their state of innocence; the second displays the arrival of the Spaniards. The third is devoted to the quarrel and civil war between "the two Royall Brethren, sons of the last Inca." The fourth displays the Spanish conquest of the Incas, and the fifth, their oppression and torture. The sixth celebrates the arrival of English soldiers, their defeat of the Spanish and rescue of the Peruvians (which, Davenant acknowledged, was something that had not yet occurred in reality).
Davenant loaded his show with extras and diversions. Between the Entries, the audience was amused with acrobats who performed "the Trick of Activity, called the "Sea-horse"," as well as the ""Porpoise"" and the ""double Somerset"," plus two trained apes walking a tightrope.
The music.
The vocal music for "The Cruelty" has not survived, and the identity of the composers is not known with certainty. Locke was involved in both "The Siege of Rhodes" and "Francis Drake," the Davenant works that preceded and succeeded "The Cruelty", and is therefore a logical candidate for "The Cruelty" also. In addition to Locke, the other composers involved in "The Siege of Rhodes" — Henry Lawes, George Hudson, Charles Coleman, and Captain Henry Cooke — are natural possibilities for composers for "The Cruelty".
Publication.
The work was entered into the Stationers' Register on 30 November 1658, and was published soon after in a quarto issued by the bookseller Henry Herringman, under the fulsome title "The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru. Exprest by Instrumentall and Vocall Musick, and by the Art of Perspective in Scenes, &c. represented daily at the Cockpit in Drury-Lane, At Three after noone punctually." The printed text was unusual in that it was intended for release while the stage production was continuing. At the end of the text was printed this advertisement: "Notwithstanding the great expense necessary to scenes, and to other ornaments in this entertainment, there is a good provision made of places for a shilling. And it shall begin certainly at three afternoon." 
This was a polar reversal of earlier practice in English Renaissance theatre, in which the actors tried to keep their plays out of print. Davenant and Herringman appear to have attempted a synergistic approach that foreshadowed modern marketing, with the stage production and the printed text complementing and promoting each other. (Though it is unknown if Davenant's stage show was still playing at the Cockpit as late as November.)
Davenant later used the text of his entertainment as Act IV of his "The Playhouse to Be Let" (1663).
Sources.
As a source for his text, Davenant depended upon "The Tears of the Indians", John Phillips' 1656 translation of the "Brevísima relación de la destrucción de las Indias" by Bartolomé de las Casas (1551). Davenant also used the "Comentarios Reales" of Garcilaso de la Vega (El Inca) (1609), which was translated into French in 1633.
In turn, John Dryden employed "The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru" as a source for his 1665 play "The Indian Emperour".

</doc>
<doc id="19325782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325782" title="That's Just the Way It Is">
That's Just the Way It Is

"That's Just the Way It Is" is a single performed by Phil Collins and David Crosby that was released in 1990 from the album "...But Seriously". The song was only released as a single in Europe, while "Do You Remember?" was instead released in the United States. The song reached #26 in the UK Singles Chart.
The song, according to Collins, is an anti-war ballad that heavily deals with The Troubles of Northern Ireland. The song itself was positively received by most critics. Collins, before live performances of the song, would address the crowd with a monologue on what he thought were the "evils of war", which received criticism from critics. The B-side to the song was "Broadway Chorus", the demo version of "Something Happened on the Way to Heaven".
Song history.
The song is an anti-war ballad, about the conflict in Northern Ireland, The Troubles. Collins said, in an interview, "It's about Northern Ireland as far as I am concerned. Which in England we are used to it all the time, I mean Ireland of course, it's on the doorstep but everywhere else in the world it's... just another news report, but if you are living in England and you just sort of constantly of people getting blown to smithereens because this thing that's been going on for the last twenty—but also for a lot longer in Ireland, it's only just come to the front in the last twenty years. You see newsreels of kids throwing petrol bombs because their brothers throw them and then their dads throw them and their dad's dad and it's just bred, inbred, now this violence and I just thought someone somewhere, and it's got to be from both sides, has got to say 'Hang on, life means more than this. This has got to stop.'"
David Crosby is featured in backing vocals in the song, and even sings a duet with Collins at times. During live performances of the song, Collins would precede it with a monologue about what he thought were the "evils of war". The "San Jose Mercury News" criticized this, saying, "But instead of reinforcing his persona as rock's Good Old Bloke, it came across as a piece of show biz, as if he wasn't feeling it but simply reading it." The B-side of the single was "Broadway Chorus", a demo version of another hit single from the album, "Something Happened on the Way to Heaven".
Reception.
Don McLeese of "The Chicago Sun-Times" said that David Crosby was "used more effectively" on this song than any other song which had Crosby on the album. The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" however, said that the song was "so lyrically vague it lacked punch". Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" thought that the song " Bruce Hornsby in tone and title". The "San Jose Mercury News" thought the song was "pretty". Lennox Samuels of "The Dallas Morning News" thought that the song "starts out as if it is going to be another "In the Air Tonight"..."before it moves into being an anti-war song". Meanwhile, "The Atlanta Journal Constitution" thought that Crosby's vocals "lends challenging harmony".

</doc>
<doc id="19325798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325798" title="Gidani">
Gidani

The Gidani consortium operates the South African National Lottery, the most popular form of gambling in South Africa by transaction volume and value.
History.
Gidani was selected to take over operation of the lottery after the seven-year contract of Uthingo, the first operator, expired on 31 March 2007.
However, following legal challenges about the award of the licence the lottery was suspended until October 2007.
Composition.
Greek lottery operator Intralot is the technical partner to the group.
Other shareholders include The Women’s Development Foundation, Vunani Capital, Partnership Investments, Nozala Investments and the Mabindu Development Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19325822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325822" title="George Arthur Brethen">
George Arthur Brethen

George Arthur Brethen (born August 29, 1877 in Norwood, Ontario, Canada-died January 31, 1968) was a Canadian politician and farmer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Progressive Party in the 1921 election to represend the riding of Peterborough East. He was defeated in the 1925 election in the riding of Hastings—Peterborough.

</doc>
<doc id="19325843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325843" title="Bal-Bal">
Bal-Bal

In Philippine mythology, a Bal-Bal is a monster that steals corpses whether it is in a funeral or grave and feeds on them. It has a strong sense of smell for dead human bodies. It also has claws and teeth sharp enough to rip the clothing of the dead. Since it eats nothing but corpses, it has a foul breath. Once this monster has spotted and eaten the corpse, it will leave the trunk of a banana tree in the coffin creating an illusion of the stolen body to trick people.
"Bal-Bal" was also associated to "Aswang", "Amalanhig", and even to "Busaw", which were all flesh eaters. They were classified to one of the most fearful creatures in the Philippines because of their appearance. They were even described and compared to the vampire of the western continents.

</doc>
<doc id="19325844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325844" title="Elejalde syndrome">
Elejalde syndrome

Elejalde syndrome (also known as "Griscelli syndrome type 1") is a rare autosomal recessive syndrome consisting of moderate pigment dilution, profound primary neurologic defects, no immune defects, and hair with metallic silvery sheen.
It is associated with MYO5A.

</doc>
<doc id="19325847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325847" title="Pat Morrissey (Australian rules footballer)">
Pat Morrissey (Australian rules footballer)

Pat Morrissey is a former Australian rules footballer who played with University.

</doc>
<doc id="19325869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325869" title="Billy Newing">
Billy Newing

Billy Newing (born 1 August 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19325877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325877" title="Berberoka">
Berberoka

The people from "Apayao", "Abra" and "Ilocos Norte" believe and fear a swamp creature called Berberoka. It lures victims by sucking water in the pond enough for a number fish to come into surface. When the potential victims get attracted to the school of fish, the Berberoka drowns them by hosing water and swallowing them afterwards.
They were compared to the Greek naiads, the nymphs of water elements. They have the ability to suck all the water in a swamp or lake. Also, many old folks believed that they use water to attack their enemies. They discharge a large amount of water (just like a fire extinguisher) to their victims until they drown.

</doc>
<doc id="19325890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325890" title="Symphony No. 19 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 19 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 19 in E flat major, K. 132, is a symphony composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in July, 1772. 
Structure.
The symphony has the scoring of two oboes, four horns (two of them uniquely written in "E flat alto"), and strings.
\relative c' {
</score>
There are four movements:
The first movement opens with a motif that Mozart would later use at the beginning of his twenty-second piano concerto in the same key. The exposition is brief and there is no repeat. The development focuses on new material.
There is also an alternative slow movement, marked "Andantino grazioso". The tempo marks in the first, second and fourth movements were written in the hand of Leopold Mozart.
The finale is a French rondo in seven part (ABACADA) form. Each part of the rondo is repeated except for the final A.

</doc>
<doc id="19325896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325896" title="Tom O'Brien (Australian rules footballer)">
Tom O'Brien (Australian rules footballer)

Thomas J. "Tom" O'Brien (born 10 October 1889) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19325930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325930" title="Jim Piper (footballer)">
Jim Piper (footballer)

Dr Jim Piper (born 30 April 1884) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19325934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325934" title="Inyoite">
Inyoite

Inyoite, named after Inyo County, California, where it was discovered in 1914, is a colourless monoclinic mineral. It turns white on dehydration. Its chemical formula is Ca(HBO)(OH)·4(HO) or CaB3O3(OH)5·4(H2O).

</doc>
<doc id="19325940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325940" title="Secretary of State of Nebraska">
Secretary of State of Nebraska

The Secretary of State of Nebraska is one of the constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Nebraska. In Nebraska, the Secretary of State is elected for a four-year term. Vacancies are fill by appointment by the Governor.
The current Secretary of State is John A. Gale.
Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is composed of four divisions:
Additional duties.
The Nebraska Secretary of State is the keeper of the Great Seal of the State of Nebraska, and the state's main advisor on youth civics education. The Secretary is also in charge of filing, certifying, and distributing state agency rules and regulations which are to become part of the Nebraska Administrative Code. The Secretary is the state's "chief protocol officer", with the duty of promoting commerce, cultural exchange and educational studies between Nebraska and foreign nations.
Boards and commissions.
Nebraska Secretary of State holds "ex officio" these posts of the following boards and commissions:

</doc>
<doc id="19325947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325947" title="Susana Camarero">
Susana Camarero

Susana Camarero Benítez, (Madrid, Spain, 25 April 1970) is a politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP) where she serves on the national executive.
Married, Camarero qualified in law. She entered politics in 1995 when she was elected to the Valencian regional parliament. She resigned from that body five years later when she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region. She was re-elected in 2004 and 2008. She has sat on various committees including defense, economy & manufacturing and public administration as well as the commission for woman's rights and equality. 

</doc>
<doc id="19325961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325961" title="Martin Ratz">
Martin Ratz

Martin Ratz (14 October 1887 – 8 August 1943) was former Australian rules footballer who played with University. He was also played cricket and football at Scotch College, Melbourne, before becoming a doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="19325964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325964" title="Manzo Nagano">
Manzo Nagano

He did so in 1877, arriving in New Westminster, British Columbia. He became a salmon fisherman working in the Fraser River and later moved to Vancouver to load timber on to ships. He returned to Japan in 1884 briefly then moved to the American city of Seattle, Washington to open a tobacco and restaurant business. He returned to Canada in 1892 to open a hotel and store, amongst other businesses. He lost all his belongings in a fire in 1922 and moved back to Japan. He died there a year later. 
The Canadian Mount Manzo Nagano, near Owikeno Lake, BC was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19325983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19325983" title="Norm Richards">
Norm Richards

Norm Richards (born 6 April 1890, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326000" title="All Dead Here...">
All Dead Here...

All Dead Here... is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Morgul. It was released through Season of Mist on 18 April 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19326001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326001" title="Chtouka Aït Baha Province">
Chtouka Aït Baha Province

Chtouka Aït Baha is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Souss-Massa-Drâa. Its population in 2004 is 297,245. 
The major cities and towns are: [http://www.world-gazetteer.com/wg.php?x=1248938945&men=gcis&lng=en&des=wg&geo=-6477&srt=npan&col=adhoq&msz=1500]
Subdivisions.
The province is divided administratively into the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19326009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326009" title="John Robinson (Australian rules footballer)">
John Robinson (Australian rules footballer)

John Robinson (born 28 December 1891, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326032" title="Aït Melloul">
Aït Melloul

Aït Melloul (in Tamazight: ⴰⵢⵜ ⵎⵍⵍⵓⵍ) is a city in Morocco. It is located in the suburban area of Agadir just south east of Inezgane, on the southern bank of the Souss River. According to the 2004 population census, the city is home to 130,105 inhabitants

</doc>
<doc id="19326036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326036" title="Yuko Suzuki">
Yuko Suzuki

Yuko Suzuki (鈴木 裕子 "Suzuki Yuko", born 12 August 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.

</doc>
<doc id="19326038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326038" title="Joe Shelley">
Joe Shelley

Joe Shelley (born 8 September 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326050" title="Lanner Inc.">
Lanner Inc.

Lanner Electronics (TSE:6245) () is a Taiwanese electronics manufacturer specializing in industrial computers, embedded computers, motherboards and network appliance platforms. Lanner owns and operates PCB manufacturing, chassis manufacturing and computer assembly factories. The company focuses mainly on OEM manufacturing for global name brand computer and computer peripheral companies. Lanner's main product lines include embedded computers, network appliance platforms and video communication platforms.
History.
Lanner Electronics was established in March 1986 as GES Taiwan, a subsidiary of a Singapore-based industrial PC company, GES International. In 1993, Lanner separated from the GES group and launched its own industrial computer chassis and SBC Single-board computer product lines under the name Lanner Electronics. In 2000, Lanner launched its new factory with one SMT line in Xizhi, Taipei County, and in 2003, the company went public on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. In 2006, Lanner opened a new factory and doubled output capacity.
Subsidiaries.
Lanner Electronics owns and operates the following subsidiaries:
Operations.
With headquarters in Xizhi District, New Taipei City, Lanner operates 7 branch offices and manufacturing facilities in mainland China, Canada and the United States, five of which are in mainland China, one in the United States, and one in Canada. Lanner's Fremont (California) office serves the United States. It's Mississauga, Ontario office serves Canada and the east coast of the United States. Lanner's Beijing office is the main office of the subsidiary L&S Lancom Platform Technology Company, Ltd.
Products.
Lanner's products are divided into three main product lines:
Industry Alliances.
Lanner Electronics is an associate member of the Intel Intelligent Systems Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19326053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326053" title="Zalaháshágy">
Zalaháshágy

Zalaháshágy is a village in Zala County, in Hungary.
Setting, geography.
Zala-hills form a rivercut hilly region in West Hungary. Zala river cross over the region. The system of riverbeds and valleys were formed in the Cainozoic geological period.
Sightseeing.
The main sightseeing of the village is the parochial church built in the 12th century. Some details of the church goes back to the Árpád house kings and the period of coming the Hungarian arrival time in the 8-9th centuries, when archaic animal style was frequently used in art. The old tympanon of the church can be found inside the church, built into the walls in asecondary position. 
The scenario of the tympanon is a fight between two dragons. There very few such stone carvings in Western Eurasia. We know such tympanon in Sopron, St. Jacob chapel and also on the Attila sword, a sword from the Árpád dynasty age, and in exhibition in Vienna.
Official website.
Zalaháshágy village official website (www.zalahashagy.hu)

</doc>
<doc id="19326054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326054" title="Busaw">
Busaw

Busaw is a legendary creature that resembles humans in appearance and behavior, raising farm animals and planting root crops. However, its favorite food is human, resulting in scattered human skeletons on the grounds of its dwelling place .
The "Busaw" was a ghoul and corpse thief. An evil spirit who looked and behaved like ordinary human beings by day, it listened for sounds of death in the evenings, and dwelled in large trees near cemeteries. It had pointed teeth, hooked nails and a long tongue. It took banana tree trunks to replace the dead as it stole the corpses out of their coffins. Then, spiriting the corpse off after first turning it into a pig, the "Busaw" would feast on it and even try to feed it to their human neighbors during the day in order to turn them into ghouls like itself. To ward the "Busaw" off, all corpses should be washed completely with vinegar and strong-smelling herbs. Salt is also a "Busaw" repellent.

</doc>
<doc id="19326062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326062" title="Lance Sleeman">
Lance Sleeman

Dr. Lancelot Osbert "Lance" Sleeman (21 March 1885 – 20 December 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and University in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Originally from Wonthaggi, Sleeman was educated at Scotch College, but he never played school football for Scotch. After further education at Melbourne University where he studied medicine, Sleeman became a doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="19326063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326063" title="Alpine pearls">
Alpine pearls

Alpine Pearls is a cooperation which has been established in 2006 and formed of 29 tourism municipalities in six alpine countries. The tourism association’s objective is to support and promote Soft Mobility: that is offering the possibility for guests to arrive without a car at the holiday destination and to have easy access to public transportation on site as well as numerous offers of environmentally friendly holiday programmes. The cooperation’s members fulfill strict quality criteria like town centers with reduced traffic, transfer services, environmentally friendly leisure time facilities, the guarantee of mobility without car and ecological minimum standards. The individual member municipalities (referred to as Pearls) benefit from the exchange of experiences among each other. 
Development of Alpine Pearls.
Alpine Pearls is the result of two successive EU projects (Alps Mobility and Alps Mobility II – Alpine Pearls). The emphasis was put on creating innovative, sustainable tourism offers which combine tourist sights with Soft Mobility advantages; connecting the sights with ecological transportation. The achievements are used further and put into practice by the head organization Alpine Pearls which operates in the entire Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="19326078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326078" title="Buoyancy compensator">
Buoyancy compensator

Buoyancy compensator may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19326083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326083" title="Frank Sparrow">
Frank Sparrow

Frank Sparrow (1926 – 31 December 2000) was an Australian rules footballer who played for East Perth, Swan Districts and West Perth in the WANFL during the 1940s and 1950s. His father was fellow West Australian Football Hall of Famer Val Sparrow.
Sparrow spent most of his career either as a centreman or across half back. He started his career at his father's club, East Perth in 1943 during the underage period (due to the war, and won the F. D. Book Medal for their 'Fairest and Best' in 1948 and 1952. He captained East Perth in 1951 and the following season finished second in the Sandover Medal count.
Swan Districts acquired his services in 1953, as captain-coach, and he won their 'Fairest and Best' in his first season. He remained in the role for a further two years before crossing to West Perth for one final season, also as captain-coach. In 1957 he retired as a player but remained West Perth's coach, leading them to the final, before joining the media and becoming one of Western Australia's best known football commentator on both television and radio.
A regular interstate representative, Sparrow played 17 games for Western Australia, most notably in 1951 when he was appointed captain and at the 1953 Adelaide Carnival where he achieved All-Australian selection.

</doc>
<doc id="19326097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326097" title="Al Haouz Province">
Al Haouz Province

Al Haouz () is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Marrakech-Tensift-Al Haouz. Its population in 2004 was 484,312.
The major cities and towns are: [http://www.world-gazetteer.com/wg.php?x=1248937782&men=gcis&lng=en&des=wg&geo=-6456&srt=npan&col=adhoq&msz=1500]
Subdivisions.
The province is divided administratively into the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19326103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326103" title="Langdon Abbey">
Langdon Abbey

Langdon Abbey () was a Premonstratensian abbey situated near West Langdon, Kent. The visible remains of the abbey are now confined to the extensive cellaring below the 16th-century house that occupies its site and small remains of a 12th-century Ice House .
Foundation.
The abbey was founded by William de Auberville, an English jurist in the reign of Henry II, in about 1192 and was dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary and St Thomas the Martyr. Sir William annexed the church of St. Mary in Walmer to the abbey, in perpetual alms, and the church remained with the abbey until its dissolution.
Royal favour.
In 1325 Edward II recuperated at the abbey, having been taken ill on the road to Dover.
The Abbot and Convent of Langedon were granted a licence to crenellate in 1348.
In 1491 it was reported that Langdon had 300 acres (121 hectares) of grain and a very good supply of animals.
Dissolution.
In 1535 the abbey was reputedly the first religious house to be dissolved by Henry VIII and had, at that time, an annual revenue estimated at £56. Dr. Leyton, the commissioner who carried out the visitation of the abbey, sent the following report to Cromwell on his arrest of the abbot and his mistress:
Later history.
The fee of the manor was acquired by John Master, who died in 1588. His son, James Master (who died in 1631, aged 84) was described as "Primo de Sandwich, postea de East Langden, ubi edificavit mansionem". James Master's second and eldest surviving son, Sir Edward Master, was High Sheriff of Kent in 1639.
The site of the abbey itself was occupied by a farm house, parts of which date back to the 16th century. The monks’ cellar (retaining its original arches) remains in place underneath the house. In 1828, it was reported that the farm house “has been occupied many years by a respectable family of the name of Coleman", and the returns from the 1881 census show that one Richard Coleman remained a substantial farmer at Langdon as at that date.

</doc>
<doc id="19326109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326109" title="Howard Stafford">
Howard Stafford

Howard Stafford (born 24 March 1893) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326114" title="Barbara Tausia">
Barbara Tausia

Barbara Anelka Tausia (born 8 July 1977 in Charleroi) is a Belgian choreographer and dancer. She is the wife of French footballer Nicolas Anelka and has followed her husband around Europe as he has changed teams.
Biography.
Career.
Barbara Tausia began her dance and music career as a vocal artist with the French hip hop singer MC Solaar, singing on the song "La La, La La" on his album "Cinquième As". In 2003 she was named as the singer of the Italian dance band Eu4ya, releasing a cover of Ricchi e Poveri's "Sarà perchè ti amo", following it up in 2004 with a cover of the Steam song "Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye". She is also a dancer on a popular French TV show.
Company.
In 2006 she founded the event and Public Relations company with her business partner Between in Paris. Between agency has several clients such as Adidas, Quick, Sony Ericsson, Reebok, Paris Saint Germain F.C., and American celebrities such as P. Diddy, Jay-Z and Timbaland. Between also takes care of Nicolas Anelka's press and public relations.
Personal life.
She was raised with her family in Belgium and then moved to Paris for her dance career; there she met Nicolas Anelka. They married on 9 June 2007 in Marrakesh, Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="19326116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326116" title="Raja Muhammad Akbar Khan">
Raja Muhammad Akbar Khan

Raja Akbar Khan belonged to the Mirpur district of Jammu and Kashmir and was a famous activist of the freedom movement of Kashmir. He was responsible for educating the people of Mirpur on how to get rid of suppressing powers. He joined All Jammu and the Kashmir Muslim Conference, and later became a nationalist. He was imprisoned in Jammu after arranging a big disturbance against Toheen of Quran in Jammu.
Zaildar Raja Sajjawal Khan was an active leader of All Jammu and the Kashmir Muslim Conference. He was born in Mehmunpur Rajgan, Khari Sharif and was a good friend of Raja Akbar Khan and Maharaja. He became the first Muslim Zaildar of the lower Khari Sharif area after defeating Hindu Zaildar Badri Nath of the village of Jangian Kotla. He helped people who came from Jammu and Rajori after the partition of India.
Raja Karam Dad Khan was born in Garruhtta in the teshil of Sehnsa. He joined the British army in his youth and became a lieutenant. When he saw Dogras oppressing the innocent Kashmiri Muslims, he left the army and came to protect his homeland. He befriended Colonel Mehmood Khan, Raja Sakhi Daler Khan and Raja Saif Ali Khan. They inspired the people and headed to the dogras, and freed the Lachmi Pattan and named it Azad Pattan. Then, they attacked the famous fort of Tharochi and conquered it. He died in 1960 and is buried at Keri Garruhtta in the Tehsil Of Sehnsa. He had two sons, Raja Muhammad Saleem Khan and Raja Muhammad Nawas Mungral. The whole story is in the famous book of Tareekh Mungral, written by Anjum Sultan Shahbaz and Raja Saboor Khan From Sehnsa Azad Kashmir.
http://www.scribd.com/doc/15883601/All-Jammu-Kashmir-Muslim-Conference-Past-and-Present

</doc>
<doc id="19326118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326118" title="The Banks of Green Willow">
The Banks of Green Willow

The Banks of Green Willow is a short orchestral piece by George Butterworth. It was composed in 1913, is written in the key of A major, and is around six minutes long.
Composition.
This is a short orchestral piece by George Butterworth, probably the most played of his three works for orchestra. It has certainly been his most recorded orchestral work.
Described by its composer as an "Idyll", and written in 1913, it is scored for a small orchestra consisting of two flutes, two oboes, two clarinets, two bassoons, two horns, one trumpet, harp and strings. It is thus a belated companion to the "Two English Idylls" of 1910-1911. All three pieces are founded on folk melodies Butterworth collected in Sussex in 1907, each has a similar "arch" shape, and each lasts between 4½ and 6 minutes. 
Butterworth based "The Banks of Green Willow" on two folk song melodies that he noted in 1907 - "The banks of green willow" and "Green bushes". The first was noted from the singing of "Mr & Mrs Cranstone" of Billingshurst, though a few bars from the end (after the flute and harp have played Green Bushes) a solo violin muses on a variant of the tune, recorded by Butterworth in 1909, using a phonograph, from the singing of David Clements in Basingstoke Workhouse.Versions of the second tune were noted from at least ten different singers, though the tune as it appears in the "Idyll" is not any of them. Each use of each tune varies slightly, and it is likely that Butterworth created new variants based on features of all the various versions he collected. Green Bushes as it appears in the "Idyll" most closely resembles that sung by Ned Harding of Lower Breeding, Sussex, in June 1907. It is interesting that the composer also noted a version from Mr Cranstone, though it is not much like the one in the "Idyll". Green Bushes was a common tune, and there are notable uses of it in works by Ralph Vaughan Williams (Folk Song Suite, Movement 2) and Percy Grainger ("Passacaglia: Green Bushes" and "The Lost Lady Found").
A solo clarinet and strings create a pastoral scene with the title theme, followed by a short development and restatement of the tune. The mood becomes more sombre and agitated as a new theme (Butterworth's own, on horns) is introduced. An animated motif leads to the main climax, which is surpisingly passionate for such a short work, before the music subsides to introduce Green Bushes hesitantly on oboe. This is repeated gently on flute, accompanied by harp, and the piece ends tranquilly with snatches of the variant title theme on violin solo, horn and oboe. 
As the composer said this piece is a "musical illustration to the ballad of the same name",it may be useful to realise that the folk ballad tells the tale of a farmer's daughter who falls in love with a young sea-captain, becomes pregnant and runs away with him to sea, having first stolen money from her parents. When her child is born on board ship, the labour is especially difficult and there is no "woman's help" available. Knowing she will die, she asks her lover to "bind a napkin round my head, then throw me overboard, both me and my baby" Her lover does this and watches as she "quivers" - presumably in her death-throes - and he sings a lament to "my true love, whom I once loved so dearly" and who shall be buried on "The Banks of Green Willow" (Butterworth's capitalisation). It is a shocking tale, even more so in other collected versions, where it is the man who decides to throw the girl and baby overboard rather than risk the shame of taking them home (Mr & Mrs Cranstone's text is a little more palatable). 
The premiere of "The Banks of Green Willow" took place on 27 February 1914, when Adrian Boult conducted a combined orchestra of forty members of the Hallé and Liverpool orchestras in West Kirby. This was, in fact, the 24-year-old conductor’s first concert with a professional orchestra (he also gave the British premiere of Hugo Wolf's "Italian Serenade" at the same concert). The London premiere took place three weeks later, and seems to have been the last occasion Butterworth heard his own music.
Butterworth was killed on 5 August 1916, during the Battle of the Somme. He was aged 31, and was a Lieutenant in the Durham Light Infantry.
Modern representations.
The popular piece is often used in TV adverts with wholesome panoramic views of the British countryside, for products such as dog food and life insurance, as well as being a favourite of Classic FM.
There are many variant folk songs by the same name. A 2003 novel by the Irish writer Kevin Myers also has the title.
Other versions.
Piano solo, arranged by John Mitchell (Publishing, available from [http://www.musicroom.com Music Sales Ltd as a special order edition)
Brass band 

</doc>
<doc id="19326119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326119" title="Hsinchu Station">
Hsinchu Station

Hsinchu Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line and the Neiwan Line. It is located in Hsinchu City, Taiwan. Hsinchu Station is a major station on the Western Line and the western terminus of the Neiwan Line.
Structure.
There are two island platforms and one side platform.
Service.
Except "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" southbound 133, 143, northbound 138, and some "Taroko Expresses", all other trains stop at Hsinchu Station. Neiwan Line trains travel from this station to Neiwan Station. Connection to the THSR Hsinchu Station is available through Liujia Line (which branches off from the Neiwan Line's Zhuzhong Station).

</doc>
<doc id="19326126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326126" title="Chichaoua Province">
Chichaoua Province

Chichaoua () is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Marrakech-Tensift-Al Haouz. Its population in 2004 is 339,818 
The major cities and towns are: [http://www.world-gazetteer.com/wg.php?x=1248938873&men=gcis&lng=en&des=wg&geo=-6457&srt=npan&col=adhoq&msz=1500]
Subdivisions.
The province is divided administratively into the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19326135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326135" title="Miyashita Park">
Miyashita Park

Summary.
Miyashita Park is situated in one of the few green spaces within the business neighborhood of Shibuya Ward, surrounded on one side by the tracks of the Yamanote Line and Saikyō Line running between Shibuya station and Harajuku station, by Meiji Street on another side, and by Shibuya river (渋谷川) and Udagawa river (宇田川) (both currently used as drainage conduits). From the time it was opened until 1964 when the Tokyo Olympics were held, the park was above ground just as is Miyashita Street Park (神宮通り公園) adjacent to Harajuku; however, when a parking lot was set up in conjunction with the transformation of Shibuya river into a drainage conduit, the park was redeveloped on man-made land above the parking lot.
Plans by Nike to buy out the name of Miyashita Park, rename it "Miyashita Nike Park", install skateboarding grounds and a cafe, and remove local homeless squatters from the park have caused some controversy recently.

</doc>
<doc id="19326152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326152" title="Westmore Stephens">
Westmore Stephens

Westmore F. Stephens (born 28 January 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326174" title="Kelaat Sraghna province">
Kelaat Sraghna province

El Kelaa des Sraghna, or Kelaat Sraghna () is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Marrakech-Tensift-Al Haouz. Its population in 2004 is 754,705. 
The major cities and towns are: [http://www.world-gazetteer.com/wg.php?x=1248939095&men=gcis&lng=en&des=wg&geo=-6458&srt=npan&col=adhoq&msz=1500]
Subdivisions.
The province is divided administratively into the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19326178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326178" title="Halle Radio Tower">
Halle Radio Tower

Halle Radio Tower is the tallest free-standing lattice tower exclusively used for radiotechnical purposes in Germany. It was built in 2005 by
Steffens & Nölle GmbH for the Deutsche Telekom AG in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt as DVB-T broadcasting tower. It is 150 metres tall.

</doc>
<doc id="19326199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326199" title="Symphony No. 21 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 21 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 21 in A major, K. 134, is a symphony that was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in August 1772. 
Structure.
The symphony has the scoring of two flutes, two horns, and strings. 
\relative c" {
</score>
There are four movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19326206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326206" title="Alan Tait (Australian rules footballer)">
Alan Tait (Australian rules footballer)

Alan Tait (born 29 April 1891, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326210" title="Ken Dyers">
Ken Dyers

Ken Dyers (14 July 1922 – 25 July 2007) was one of two founders of Kenja Communication. Born in 1922, Dyers served with the Australian Army during World War II, joining the Church of Scientology after departing from the military. He founded Kenja with his partner, Jan Hamilton, in 1982. In 1993 he was charged with sexual offences against four young girls, but was found not guilty on ten of the 11 counts, with the remaining conviction overturned in 2002. He was again charged with child sexual assault in 2005. The court case received a temporary stay on the grounds of ill health, but Dyers committed suicide before the case could return to court.
Early life.
Dyers was born on 14 July 1922. His father was 54 when he was born. His father, Charlie Dyers, was a toddler on Daly Waters station in the Northern Territory where he had become lost at the age of three. He was picked up by a drover three years later at the age of six and returned to Daly Waters station. He lived with an Aboriginal tribe in the intervening years.
War Record.
Dyers was born 14 July 1922. During World War II he served in the Australian Army as a Military Policeman with 9th Div Provost Coy from his arrival in the Middle East on 25 September 1941 until he embarked for Sydney on 27 January 1943; and again from 30 July 1943 until his return to Sydney 23 March 1944. His record details a chequered career and a large amount of time in field hospitals and Casualty Clearing Stations. Dyers served in the 32 Works Coy in Australia until he was discharged. He was court-martialled three times. In late 1943 he was in jail for five days awaiting trial on three charges, and eventually convicted of "conduct prejudice to the good order and military discipline". In June 1944 he went absent without leave for 16 days. In April 1945 he was fined for leaving his sentry post and in July fined again for misconduct. It also refers to an assessment of his "mental instability" which is rated at 10 per cent on the day he was demobbed in August 1946. 
Sydney Morning Herald journalist Robert Wainright referred to Dyers' War Time biography as exposing a 'Walter Mitty Complex' in his article examining the inconsistencies between Dyers' claims and verifiable records.
Scientology.
Dyers was a former Scientology member. In a list published from the 1950s onwards by Scientology, he is listed as an "SP" (a suppressive person).
Child Sexual Assault.
In 1993 Dyers was charged with 11 counts of sexual offences against four girls, three of whom were sisters, who were between the ages of 8 and 15. After several trials and appeals, which lasted almost a decade, Dyers was found not guilty of 10 of the charges. He was found guilty of one charge (tried separately) and jailed at Long Bay Correctional Centre for six days before being released on bail. An appeal in 2000 failed, and in 2002 the charge was overturned in the High Court of Australia on the grounds that the trial judge had potentially misdirected the trial, the order was as follows: 
The DPP did not seek a retrial as they determined he had served his sentence.[http://www.abc.net.au/mediawatch/transcripts/s2658609.htm] 
On 28 October 2005, Dyers was charged in Sutherland Local Court with the sexual assault of two 12-year old girls, alleged to have taken place at the Kenja's Surry Hills headquarters in 2001-2002. Dyers was released on bail under the conditions that he attends Sutherland Police Station weekly and does not attend Kenja premises or events. Dyers applied for a "permanent stay" in his 2005 court case on the grounds of ill health. He also applied for and received a variance to his bail conditions to travel to a Kenja function in Melbourne. His application for a "permanent stay" was rejected, as was a further application to attend a Kenja function in Sydney. He was given a temporary stay for one year on the grounds of mental health. 
Dyers denied he was guilty of the charges against him, saying that they were the result of former members trying to destroy him as part of a witch-hunt. His lawyer made the defence that 13 year old girls "know how to say no, they get educated in school" and that "there will be contrary medical evidence indicating that Mr Dyers has had erectile dysfunction for almost 15 years". 
Dyers was phoned by his solicitor on 25 July and informed the NSW Police would interview him again regarding fresh allegations from another young girl.[http://www.smh.com.au/news/national/sydney-cult-leader-found-dead/2007/07/25/1185339070077.html] 
Dyers committed suicide by gunshot to the head on 25 July 2007. 
Twenty two charges of sexual assault and aggravated sexual assault had been committed to trial by Magistrate Jaqueline Trad at the time of his suicide, and he had received a one year reprieve from attending court on the grounds of mental health. His solicitor had informed him of further charges from a third girl the day before his suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="19326228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326228" title="National Institute for Materials Science">
National Institute for Materials Science

History.
The growth and development of today's scientific research center has passed through several phases in a number of locations:
In 1956, the National Research Institute for Metals (NRIM) was established in Meguro, Tokyo, Japan. In 1979, NRIM opened an office in Tsukuba. By 1995 the institute had moved most of its functions to that location. The Meguro campus continues to exist; it remains a part of the NRIM successor, the National Institute for Materials Science. 
In 1966, the National Institute for Research in Inorganic Materials (NIRIM) was established in Toshima, Tokyo, Japan. NIRIM was moved to Tsukuba in 1972, in the very early stages of the Tsukuba Science City. This event was considered as the first transfer of a national research institute in Japan. 
An independent administrative institute NIMS was established in Tsukuba by merging NRIM and NIRIM in 2001.
Campuses.
NIMS campuses are named Sengen, Namiki, Sakura, and Meguro. In addition, NIMS has a beamline station at the SPring-8 synchrotron located in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. While all campuses host scientific research units, most administration is in Sengen. In total, about 1500 researchers, engineers and administrative staff members are employed in all those campuses. Sengen, Namiki and Sakura branches are several kilometers apart in Tsukuba — a Science City within an hour from central Tokyo by Tsukuba Express train. A free shuttle bus facilitates transfer between the Tsukuba campuses.
Development.
NIMS has developed as a dynamic organization; and new initiatives are launched virtually every month. Among the more noteworthy of these are:
Research.
NIMS is dedicated to materials research with strong emphasis on the synthesis, characterization and applications of metals, semiconductors, superconductors, ceramics, and organic materials in their bulk and nanoscaled forms. The applications cover a wide range including electronics, optics, coatings, fuel cells, catalysts, and biotechnologies. As to characterization, techniques associated with electron microscopy, high-energy particle beams and high magnetic fields are particularly developed. Most research is experimental though at least one research center is devoted to theoretical modeling.
Selected achievements.
NIMS has evolved into a recognized world leader in many scientific fields, including:
Besides, a number of novel devices and techniques have been proposed at NIMS:
Scientific cooperation.
In September 2008, an innovative NIMS research unit, the International Center for Materials Nanoarchitectonics (MANA) embarked on a new program of scientific cooperation with the Yonsei University in Seoul, Korea. The exchange of researchers and research information between the two institutions is projected as a crucial factor in collaborative research on the development and evaluation of sustainable chemical technology and Nano-biofusion technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19326238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326238" title="International Day of Older Persons">
International Day of Older Persons

The International Day of Older Persons is observed on October 1 each year.
On December 14, 1990 the United Nations General Assembly voted to establish October 1 as the International Day of Older Persons as recorded in Resolution 45/106. The holiday was observed for the first time on October 1, 1991.
The holiday is celebrated by raising awareness about issues affecting the elderly, such as senescence and elder abuse. It is also a day to appreciate the contributions that older people make to society.
This holiday is similar to National Grandparents Day in the United States and Canada as well as Double Ninth Festival in China and Respect for the Aged Day in Japan. The observance is a focus of ageing organizations and the United Nations Programme on Ageing.

</doc>
<doc id="19326241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326241" title="Science and Technology of Advanced Materials">
Science and Technology of Advanced Materials

Science and Technology of Advanced Materials is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal in materials science that was established in 2000. In 2008 it became an open access journal through the sponsorship by the National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS). The journal is international, with its editors and referees located all around the world. However, the management is performed by NIMS (Tsukuba, Japan). From 2008, the journal is published on-line and printed by the IOP Publishing. The printed volumes are distributed free of charge by NIMS and the IOP Publishing editorial staff. Prior to 2008, the journal was published by Elsevier.
Scope.
The journal covers all aspects of materials science, including theoretical analysis, synthesis and processing, phase and structure analyses, characterization, properties, engineering, and applications. It covers advances in research on solids, liquids and colloids, with emphasis on the interdisciplinary nature of materials science and issues at the forefront of the field, such as nano-, bio- and ecomaterials.
Open access.
STAM articles are published under a BY-NC-SA-3.0 license and can be downloaded and redistributed free of charge for non-commercial purposes.
Impact.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.752, ranking it 35th out of 239 journals in the category "Materials Science, Multidisciplinary".

</doc>
<doc id="19326248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326248" title="Al Hoceïma Province">
Al Hoceïma Province

Al Hoceïma is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Taza-Al Hoceima-Taounate. Its population in 2004 is 395,644. 
The major cities and towns are: [http://www.world-gazetteer.com/wg.php?x=1248937930&men=gcis&lng=en&des=wg&geo=-6490&srt=npan&col=adhoq&msz=1500]
Subdivisions.
The province is divided administratively into the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19326264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326264" title="Robert W. Thompson">
Robert W. Thompson

Robert Thompson is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne University Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19326270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326270" title="Jack Lynch (footballer)">
Jack Lynch (footballer)

John Arnold Lynch was an Australian rules footballer who played with West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) from 1948 until he retired after the 1958 season.
Lynch, a dashing wingman, started out at West Adelaide in 1948 by winning the Sam Sucking Medal as the club's best first year player and he went on to win West's Best & Fairest award in 1952. During his time with West Adelaide, Lynch played in three losing Grand Finals, all to Port Adelaide (1954, 1956 and 1958). 
Lynch was also a strong performer at interstate level, representing South Australia in 16 matches and earning All-Australian selection at the 1953 Adelaide Carnival. In doing so Lynch became the first West Adelaide player to earn All-Australian selection. He also twice selected in the 'Sporting Life' Team of the Year.
Lynch retired from league football following the 1958 Grand Final loss to Port Adelaide. In his 11 seasons with the club he played 147 games and kicked 14 goals
Jack Lynch was an inaugural inductee into the West Adelaide Hall of Fame in 2005 and the following year he was inducted into the South Australian Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19326272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326272" title="List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 5)">
List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 5)

This article lists the episodes and short summaries of the 70th to 94th episodes of the anime series, known in the English dub as the fifth season of "Ranma ½" or "Martial Mayhem".
Rumiko Takahashi's manga series "Ranma ½" was adapted into two anime series: "Ranma ½" which ran on Fuji TV for 18 episodes and "Ranma ½ Nettōhen" which ran for 143. The first TV series was canceled due to low ratings in September 1989, but was then brought back in December as the much more popular and much longer-running "Ranma ½ Nettōhen".
Viz Media licensed both anime for English dubs and labeled them as one. They released them in North America in seven DVD collections they call "seasons". "Nettōhen" episodes 70 to 94 (excluding 72) are season 5, which was given the title "Martial Mayhem". Episode 72 was inserted as episode 88 in season 4.
The opening theme song is by Kusu Kusu, while the closing theme is by Michiyo Nakajima.
Episode list.
Note "Episode 72 was not included in Viz's season 5 release, but in season 4. It is shown below for proper chronological purposes."
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19326279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326279" title="Religious controversies">
Religious controversies

There have been a number of religious controversies based around the teaching of science, certain religion practices and in the depiction of religion or religious figures in culture.
Science and religion.
The greatest contemporary controversy involving religion and science is the teaching of evolution in schools. This debate is most prevalent in generally conservative regions of the United States and there is little serious debate on the subject outside the United States.
Society.
The Chinese Rites controversy was a dispute within the Catholic Church from the 1630s to the early 18th century about whether Chinese folk religion rites and offerings to the emperor constituted idolatry or not.
Female genital cutting and circumcision attract controversy especially when practiced outside of the countries in which they are commonly performed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19326288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326288" title="Mount Pleasant railway line">
Mount Pleasant railway line

The Mount Pleasant railway line is an abandoned South Australian line. It was opened between Balhannah and Mount Pleasant in 1918 and ran until 1953 as a freight and passenger service. It is proposed to use its trackbed as a very picturesque 27 km long rail trail very near to Adelaide.
History.
Around 1918 a Railway line was opened between Balhannah, 10 km east of Mount Lofty, and Mount Pleasant. Closed in 1964. The way between Balhannah and Oakbank has mostly returned to private landowners. The line had 6 stations and a number of halts, typically the halts were located near level crossings.
The six stations were Oakbank, Woodside, Charleston, Mount Torrens, Birdwood, and Mount Pleasant. The seven halts were Mappinga, Riverview, Kayannie, Muralappie, Milkappa Road, Crane Road, and Narcoonah.
Rail Trail.
This former railway is in the jurisdiction of the Adelaide Hills Council, which in 2003 commissioned a feasibility study into the best use of the land. The report recommended it be converted to a rail trail, which the council agreed with but considered it beyond their means to do so. However, since that time, the development of a rail trail lead to the opening of the "Amy Gillett Rail Trail" in 2010, named in honour of the late Amy Gillett, a South Australian born Olympic Cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="19326294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326294" title="Vic Trood">
Vic Trood

Thomas Victor "Vic" Trood (born 16 December 1891) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Trood was involved in a nasty incident in round 4 of the 1911 VFL season when he was knocked unconscious. Trood played football for Maffra after World War I, and was instrumental in the formation of the Latrobe Valley League in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19326309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326309" title="Clifton Tucker">
Clifton Tucker

Clifton E. Tucker (born 21 March 1888) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326333" title="Silvy De Bie">
Silvy De Bie

Silvy De Bie (born on 4 January 1981 in Heist-op-den-Berg) was a dance vocalist for the dance band Sylver.
Career.
Silvy became a Flanders child star when she was nine years old. She sung "Ben", a song of Michael Jackson, in the Flemish showbizz TV Show De Kinderacademie "(child academy)". This show was not a contest, it was just an entertainment program where children between 4 and 12 years could perform an act (sing act, dance act, telling a little fairy tail or poem, ...) Silvy's performance was so good, an independent recording studio gave her a contract. Under the name "Silvy Melody" she recorded some songs (including a Dutch version of "Ben") as solo-artist and also some numbers together with other famous Belgian singers. Many of her songs were in top 10 charts. Her career as child star stopped abruptly in 1994 due to Belgian law. She did too many activities, performances, ... and broke the law regarding child labour which is forbidden in Belgium.
In 2000 Silvy became the female vocalist for the dance band Liquid feat., later in 2001 the band's name was changed to Sylver. Alongside the successes with Sylver, she started also solo.
In 2001 she worked with MNC, with him she covered the Eurythmics song Sweet Dreams. She also worked with the dance formation Milk Inc. (she is friends with Singer Linda Mertens). In 2004 the Track I Don't Care came out, the single reached the Belgian Top Ten. In 2007 the Single Time alongside with 4 Clubbers in Belgium, she composed and wrote the song "Lovesong" from the "Crossroads" album.
Discography.
Singles as "Silvy Melody"
Singles with "Lace"
Singles with Sylver
Singles with "MNC"
Singles with Milk Inc.
Singles with "4 Clubbers"
Singles as Sil
Albums with Sylver

</doc>
<doc id="19326340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326340" title="Ashley Vines">
Ashley Vines

Robert Ashley Vines (born 16 January 1891) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326344" title="Mohamad Nor Ismail">
Mohamad Nor Ismail

Mohamad Nor Ismail (born on August 20, 1982) is a Malaysian footballer who is a striker for Sime Darby FC in Malaysia FAM Cup.
Mohd Nor start his career with Kuala Lumpur FA. He transfer to Perak during the 2005 season after spending four year with Kuala Lumpur FA. He later transfer to Johor FC but return to Perak FA during 2007/08 season.
Mohd Nor was called for duty with Malaysia national team during the 2006 World Cup qualifier. Since then, he was selected part of Malaysia squad. He played for the 2004 Tiger Cup where Malaysia finish third after defeating Myanmar 2-1. He also representing the Malaysia national under 23 side that won the bronze medal in 2005 SEA Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19326357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326357" title="Civil List Act 1979">
Civil List Act 1979

The Civil List Act 1979 is a statute of the Parliament of New Zealand which defines the allowances, salaries and annuities of the Governor-General, Prime Minister, Cabinet Ministers and Members of Parliament.
Analysis.
The Act is divided into 27 sections, over four parts.
Part One: Governor-General.
This part defines the salary and allowance of Governor-General. It also includes provision for an annuity for former Governors-General and spouses or partners of former Governors-General, compensation for lost or adversely affected superannuation rights, and travelling expenses.
Section 7 of the Act grants the Governor-General an exemption from taxation.
This part was repealed and replaced by the Governor-General Act 2010.
Part Two: Ministers and Parliamentary Under-Secretaries.
Part two of the Act defines payments to Ministers of the Crown and Parliamentary Under-Secretaries.
Part Three: Remuneration.
Part three of the Act determines the remuneration of Ministers of the Crown, Parliamentary Under-Secretaries, and members of Parliament. It establishes the Remuneration Authority to fix salaries and allowances for MPs, and includes provisions for the7 Speaker of House of Representatives and Chairpersons of Committees.
Section 20 of the Act allows for deductions to be made from members' salaries and allowances, and defines travel, accommodation, attendance, and communications services for members.
Part Four: Miscellaneous provisions.
Part four of the Act grants annuity for former Prime Ministers and spouses or partners of former Prime Ministers. The Act also defines payments to spouse or partner, or dependent children of member of Parliament dying in office.
Review.
In 2008, the New Zealand Law Commission began a review of the Act. In a press release, Law Commission President Sir Geoffrey Palmer said "The Act has not been comprehensively reviewed for many years. Some of its provisions are outdated. Some of the language is archaic. There is some unnecessary overlap between this Act and other legislation which creates complexity."
The review was completed in December 2009. The Law Commission recommended that part 1 of the Civil List Act be repealed, and replaced with a new statute to reflect the nature of the modern office of Governor-General. The most significant change would be that the Governor-General is no longer exempt from paying income tax on their salary. The changes proposed in the report would take effect for the appointment and term of the next Governor-General. The Governor-General Bill was introduced into Parliament on 28 June 2010. It was passed as the Governor-General Act 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19326365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326365" title="Ekondo-Titi">
Ekondo-Titi

Ekondo-Titi is a commune and arrondissement in the Ndian département, Southwest Province, western Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19326372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326372" title="Fassa (political party)">
Fassa (political party)

Fassa ("Fassa") is a minor Christian-democratic political party in Trentino, Italy.
Fassa, whose official name is Fassa Association ("Associazione Fassa"), seeks to represent the Ladin minority in the Province and especially that living in Fassa Valley. It was formed on 3 August 2008 as a centre-right alternative to the centre-left Ladin Autonomist Union (UAL) and its first leader was Gino Fontana, mayor of Vigo di Fassa and, formerly, provincial councillor for Daisy Civic List, a centrist party aligned with the centre-left.
In the 2008 provincial election the party won 0.6% of the vote (26.6% in Fassa Valley), while UAL gained 1.2% (54.0%).
In the 2013 provincial election the party won 0.8% of the vote (31.9% in Fassa Valley), but still lost to UAL, which gained 1.1% (51.8%).

</doc>
<doc id="19326374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326374" title="NetSupport Manager">
NetSupport Manager

NetSupport Manager is a Windows-centric cross-platform remote control software, allowing remote screen control and systems management from a Windows or Windows Mobile device of Windows, Mac, Linux, Solaris and Mobile devices. It was first released for DOS only networks in 1989. It supports thumbnail display of unlimited remote systems (since version 10), and allows navigation between remote systems in a manner similar to a KVM switch. Functionality includes file transfers, chat, and hardware/software inventory including software updates. Fewer features are supported for Linux and Mac clients. In 2012 NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from iOS and Android tablets and smartphones as well as a new Mac OS Control. Version 12 was released in October 2013, which extended platform support to include ChromeOS clients. Mobile Remote Control from iOS and Android was also extended with additional capabilities. All versions of NetSupport Manager require the pre-installation of the software on both the local (Control) and remote (Client) computers/devices prior to use.
References.
Test: Remote Control Software] tecchannel.de

</doc>
<doc id="19326388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326388" title="Idabato">
Idabato

Idabato is a commune and arrondissement in the Ndian département, Southwest Province, western Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19326398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326398" title="Isanguele">
Isanguele

Isanguele is a commune and arrondissement in the Ndian département, Southwest Province, western Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19326402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326402" title="Kombo-Abedimo">
Kombo-Abedimo

Kombo-Abedimo is a commune and arrondissement in the Ndian département, Southwest Province, western Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19326407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326407" title="Kombo-Idinti">
Kombo-Idinti

Kombo-Idinti is a commune and arrondissement in the Ndian département, Southwest Province, western Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19326414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326414" title="Dikome-Balue">
Dikome-Balue

Dikome Balue is the headquarters of Dikome Balue subdivision and has an area of 5000 km2 situated in the heart of a rainforest region of Ndian Division in the southwest region of Cameroon.Geographic coordinates: 4� 54' 30" North, 9� 15' 32" East.
This mountainous region is situated within the Rumpi highlands with its peak called Mt Rumpi (photo) (commonly called Rata by the indigenes) towering to 1765m above sea level. A composite volcano of the Cambrian type that has not erupted in our recent times. This mountain range connects with the Manenguba, kupe, Fako and Equatorial Guinea highlands.
This area is inhabited by a Bantu people who originated from the Congo basin of Central Africa. The dialect spoken here is Lolue (a type of Oroko) with about 98% similarity with the other ethnic dialects like Mbonge, Bima, Londo, Batanga etc.
Oroko language has a 75% similarity with the Lingala(Kikongo) spoken in Congo and Zaire. The main difference between the two is that Lingala is often mixed with French while Oroko is mixed with English or just simply spoken with no foreign accents. Oroko and Bakongo people of Congo and Zaire share almost the same cultures

</doc>
<doc id="19326423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326423" title="Toko, Cameroon">
Toko, Cameroon

Toko is a commune in the Ekondo-Titi arrondissement, Ndian département, Southwest Province, western Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19326426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326426" title="Bill J. V. Walker">
Bill J. V. Walker

Bill Walker is a former Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League in 1912 and 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19326450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326450" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol provincial elections, 2008">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol provincial elections, 2008

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol provincial elections of 2008 took place on 26 October 2008 in South Tyrol and on 9 November in the Trentino. It was the first time since 1946 that elections were not held on the same day.
The Trentino election was postponed as the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats's list (which would have supported Lorenzo Dellai) was excluded from the race due to lack of signatures.
Trentino.
In Trentino, where the President is elected directly by the people, incumbent Lorenzo Dellai (Union for Trentino, supported also by the Democratic Party, the Trentino Tyrolean Autonomist Party, the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats, the Greens and Democrats of Trentino, Loyal to Trentino, Italy of Values, and the Ladin Autonomist Union) defeated Sergio Divina (Lega Nord Trentino, supported also by The People of Freedom, Divina Civic List, Popular Autonomists, United Valleys, Fassa, Pensioners' Party, The Right, Tricolour Flame and other minor parties) by a landslide.
The Democratic Party (PD) became the largest party in the Province, followed by Union for Trentino (UpT) and Lega Nord Trentino (LNT). The People of Freedom (PdL) lost many votes to LNT, UPT and the Trentino Tyrolean Autonomist Party (PATT). In fact both UpT and PATT were centrist parties, running strong campaigns at the provincial level.
South Tyrol.
In South Tyrol the South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP), which had governed the Province for sixty years, was confirmed by far as the largest party, but lost many votes to Die Freiheitlichen. Also South Tyrolean Freedom (a splinter group from Union for South Tyrol) and Lega Nord Alto Adige/Südtirol (LNST) made gains, while The People of Freedom (PdL), the Democratic Party (PD) and the Greens all lost votes and seats.
After the election President Luis Durnwalder proposed a coalition composed of SVP, PD and LNST, but finally sticked to the SVP–PD alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19326468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326468" title="Jack West">
Jack West

"For the architect see Jack West (architect)" 
Jack M. West (born 17 February 1889, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19326484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326484" title="1961–62 FA Cup">
1961–62 FA Cup

The 1961–62 FA Cup was the 81st staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Tottenham Hotspur won the competition for the fourth time, beating Burnley 3–1 in the final at Wembley. In doing so, they became the first team to retain the FA Cup since Newcastle United's victory in 1952, and the fourth team ever to do so.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 4 November 1961, although three games were not played until the midweek fixture. Nine were drawn and went to replays, with one fixture requiring a second replay. 
Second Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 25 November 1961. Four matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. 
Third Round.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 6 January 1962, with seven matches postponed until later dates. Ten matches were drawn and went to replays, with two of these requiring a second replay.
Fourth Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 27 January 1962, with three Lancashire-based games postponed until the midweek fixtures. Five matches were drawn and went to replays, which were all played in the following midweek match. 
Fifth Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 17 February 1962. Two matches went to replays in the following mid-week fixtures, with the Liverpool–Preston North End game requiring a second replay (at Old Trafford) before the tie was settled.
Sixth Round.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 10 March 1962. Two matches went to replays on the 14th before being settled.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 31 March 1962 with no replays required. Tottenham and Burnley came through the semi final round to meet at Wembley.
Final.
The 1962 FA Cup Final took place on 5 May 1962 at Wembley Stadium and was won by Tottenham Hotspur over Burnley, by a 3–1 scoreline. Due to the lack of passion and excitement, replaced by patience and cautious play, the final was dubbed "The Chessboard Final". Tottenham took to the field as holders, having won the League and FA Cup Double in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19326488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326488" title="List of schools on the Isle of Wight">
List of schools on the Isle of Wight

The following is a list of active schools on the Isle of Wight, England. The Isle of Wight currently has a two-tier education system with Primary & Senior schools.
Primary.
There are currently 41 state-maintained primary schools on the Isle of Wight, after Chale Primary School closed in July 2011 following the schools reorganisation - it had a roll of only 20 pupils. Merges also meant that the number of primary schools on the island decreased: St Wilfrids Catholic Primary, St Boniface C of E Primary and St Margarets C of E Primary (all in Ventnor) all closed and reopened as St Francis Catholic and Church of England Primary School on the site of the old Ventnor Middle School in a purpose built, brand new building; St John's C of E Primary (Sandown) and Sandown C of E Primary School merged to become The Bay C of E Primary School, split across both of the former school sites; and East Cowes Primary School and Whippingham Primary School merged to become Queensgate Foundation Primary School on the old Osborne Middle School site. A number of other primary schools also moved to former middle school sites including Gurnard Primary School to the old Solent Middle School site in Cowes, Hunnyhill Primary School to the old Kitbridge Middle School site in Newport, Greenmount Primary to the old Mayfield Middle School site in Ryde, Oakfield C of E Primary School to the old Bishop Lovett Middle School site in Ryde, Bembridge Primary School to the old Forelands Middle School site in Bembridge and Broadlea Primary School to the old Lake Middle School site in Lake. In addition, Haylands Primary School has had a brand new school built on the playing fields of the former Swanmore Middle School in Ryde.
Secondary.
There are currently six island secondary schools, all of which also have a sixth form. The sixth forms for Carisbrooke College and Medina College are merged, and are based at the new Island Innovation VI Form Campus, on the site of the former Nodehill Middle School in the centre of Newport.
Independent and special.
Independent schools:
There are three special schools, St Catherines, Medina House School, and St George's School.
Former.
Middle.
Previous middle schools below have now been phased out during the transition to a two-tier education system. Education on the Island has really suffered since this happened and most of the secondary schools are now deemed unsatisfactory or have gone into special measures.
There were originally 16 state-maintained middle schools on the Isle of Wight, including two voluntary aided church schools (which were the foundation for the new Christ the King College) and two controlled church schools. In July 2008, the two voluntary aided middle schools (Archbishop King Catholic Middle School and Trinity Church of England Middle School), which are both located on Wellington Road in Carisbrooke, closed and reopened in September of the same year as Christ the King College, and from September 2009, kept on its Year 8 pupils of the previous academic year as Year 9 pupils and started the transition from middle school to secondary school age range. In line with the rest of the Island, September 2009 was the last year in which a Year 5 was admitted to the Christ the King College. Instead, all Year 5 pupils, and then consequently Year 6 pupils, on the island remained in primary schools from September 2010 onwards. 
Additionally, Kitbridge Middle School became federated with Downside Middle School, and the two schools both became Downside Middle School, but were split across the two separate campuses in Newport; Furrlongs Campus and Kitbridge Campus.
All middle schools on the island, other than Christ The King College, closed for pupils as of July 21, 2011. Instead of the four years at middle school, children have been given 2 extra years in primary school and then move straight onto secondary school. Children already in middle school transferred straight to the new secondary schools at the start of the next academic year, whether they are in year 6, 7 or 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19326492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326492" title="Nancy Fabiola Herrera">
Nancy Fabiola Herrera

Nancy Fabiola Herrera is a Spanish mezzo-soprano opera singer. Born in Venezuela to Canarian parents, Herrera is the recipient of the "Best Zarzuela Singer of 2007" award presented by the Fundación Premios Liricos Teatro Campoamor, for her performance in Ruperto Chapí's "La Bruja".
In the summer of 2006, Herrera performed in a gala concert with Plácido Domingo in Puerto Rico, sang Maddalena in "Rigoletto" with the Metropolitan Opera in Central Park, Charlotte in "Werther" in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and "Luisa Fernanda" opposite Plácido Domingo at the Teatro Real in Madrid. The DVD of "Luisa Fernanda" on Opus Arte, was awarded the Diapason d'Or.
During the 2007 and 2008 season, Herrera performed the Giuseppe Verdi "Requiem" at the Palau de la Música Catalana in Barcelona. She sang a concert with the Sodre Symphony Orchestra of Montevideo, and "Carmen" at the Metropolitan Opera and the Royal Opera, Covent Garden.
Her repertory includes among others: Adalgisa ("Norma"), Romeo ("I Capuleti e i Montecchi"), Giulietta ("Les contes d'Hoffmann"), and Rosina ("Il barbiere di Siviglia"). 
Prior career highlights include "Carmen" at the New National Theatre in Tokyo, her debut at the Royal Opera as Suzuki in a production of "Madama Butterfly", and her Italian debut at the Rome Opera as "Carmen". 
In 2009, Herrera sang in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria in the opera "Roberto Devereux" and debuted as Dalila from the opera "Samson et Dalila" in Manaos.
Herrera created the role of Donna Rosa in the world premiere of Daniel Catán's "Il Postino" at Los Angeles Opera in 2010.
As orchestral soloist and recitalist, Herrera has performed with the New York Festival of Song at the 92nd Street YMCA in New York, and in recital at the "Caramoor International Music Festival". She has sung Falla's "El Amor Brujo" with the Washington Opera Orchestra and the Montreal Symphony under the direction of Charles Dutoit, Bach's "St. Matthew Passion" with the Concordia College Orchestra, "Les Nuits d’Êté" with the Gran Canaria Philharmonic Orchestra, and Mahler's Lieder "Eines Fahrenden Gesellen" with the North Netherlands Orchestra.
Discography.
Herrera has performed "Dante" by Granados for ASV Records, and was the featured soloist in both the Mahler Symphony Number Three with the Orquesta Filarmónica de Gran Canaria on the Arte Nova Label, and in Ricardo Llorca's "Concierto Italiano" on Columna Musica. She has recorded two versions of "El Amor Brujo": one with Enrique Bátis for IMP Classics and a chamber version with the Cameristi di Trento e Verona for Naxos/Marco Polo.

</doc>
<doc id="19326500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326500" title="Ray Whitford">
Ray Whitford

Ray Whitford (born 1889) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University.

</doc>
<doc id="19326502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326502" title="Kyrkheddinge">
Kyrkheddinge

Kyrkheddinge is a locality situated in Staffanstorp Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 276 inhabitants in 2010. It is situated about southeast of Lund and west-southwest of Dalby.

</doc>
<doc id="19326524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326524" title="John Robie">
John Robie

John Robie is an American musician and record producer, widely credited as the driving force behind many of the most successful songs from the early 80's electro boom and is best known for his work with the New York record producer Arthur Baker.
Early years.
Robie's first role in the world of music was as a remixer for the remix service Disconet, providing professionally selected and remixed music for discotheque Dj's.
Breakthrough.
Robie's first real production came in 1982 with the album Extra Extra by London based dance music artist John Rocca. In 1984 he co-produced Planet Patrol's breakthrough hit Play at Your Own Risk, on which he played the majority of instruments and collaborated with Baker. He also produced the seminal Lost in Space by Jonzun Crew and Freestyle's Don't Stop the Rock. Not a success but interesting for its use of the E-mu Emulator, one of the first digital sampling keyboards, was his production on Cuba Gooding, Sr.'s 1983 track "Happiness Is Just Around the Bend."
Mainstream.
John Robie also recorded a track as the band C-Bank called One More Shot, a song that later would resurface (albeit in a reworked form) as Shellshock, a non-album track by New Order that he produced and that appears on the Pretty in Pink soundtrack. This followed his work with Arthur Baker and Jellybean Benitez on the New Order song Confusion in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19326556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326556" title="Mazyar Keshvari">
Mazyar Keshvari

Mazyar Keshvari (Persian: مازیار کشوری) (born March 5, 1981) is an Iranian-Norwegian politician for the Progress Party from the city of Oslo.
Early life and education.
Born in Teheran, Iran. Mazyar Keshvari and his family left Iran in the aftermath of the Islamic Revolution because his family had ties to the Shah, and emigrated to Norway in 1986, eventually settling in Oslo.
Upon finishing Ulsrud Upper Secondary school in 2001, he enrolled at the BI Norwegian Business School and graduated with a bachelor's degree in Information and Public Relations in 2005.
Political career.
He joined the Youth of the Progress Party in 2001 and quickly became a rising star, first chairing the local Groruddalen chapter and later and chairing its Oslo chapter from 2004 to 2006; he is still a member of its Central committee. He has also been editor-in-chief of the political magazine "Fri Kapitalisme".
He was first elected to Oslo city council in 2007, and was re-elected for another term in 2011, and is the current chairman of the Standing Committee on Health and Care Services.
Since 2005, Keshvari has been serving as a deputy representative from Oslo to the Parliament of Norway. He was re-elected to a second four-year term running to 2013. Apart from politics he sits on the board of directors at the Sunnaas Hospital, as well as being chairman of the official Constitution Day committee.
In 2013 he was elected as a deputy MP for a third term. As Siv Jensen was selected as a member of Solberg's Cabinet, Keshvari advanced to a regular representative.
Political views.
Foreign Policy.
He has made his mark in the Norwegian public sphere as a staunch opponent of the Iranian theocracy, often condemning the regime in the media. In June 2009 he called for tough sanctions against Iran including a complete boycott of the regime. During the 2009 Iranian election protests he described the regime as "not only a threat against the Iranian people, but the entire world at large". In response to the violent crackdown on the protesters he called the Iranian leadership a "terror-regime", and compared Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to comical Ali.
A fierce critic of the Red-green coalition's foreign policy on Iran, he states : "The Norwegian government's failed policies are putting world peace in danger. By giving this islamo-fascist regime with nuclear ambitions resources and technology, they are sustaining and legitimizing its existence"
Immigration.
He also fiercely opposed to female genital mutilation. Skeptical toward non-Western immigration into Norway, Keshvari has stated that immigrants who do not comply with "Norwegian values" should "beat it". He has repeatedly called for a complete ban on further immigration to Norway, stating that it is not sustainable in the long-term. Responding to government plans to open a centre for asylum-seekers on Andøya in 2008 he described the plans as "irresponsible" and "almost madness" and stated that immigration to Norway was "totally out of control".
Outspoken against what he perceives as progressive ethnic segregation of Oslo neighborhoods, Keshvari has repeatedly accused fellow politicians who reside in Oslo's largely homogeneous west-end of having "elitist-attitudes" when praising the situation. Especially he targeted the Conservative Party's Julie Brodtkorb who he believed had a "elitist-syndrome".
In response to public outcry over the establishment of roma tent encampments in the center of Oslo during the summer of 2012, Keshvari demanded their "immediate expulsion" along with the forced closure of such camps, while reiterating the need for a total ban on public begging, but at the same he warned politicians against inflaming already high anti-roma sentiment in the city.
Animal rights.
Keshvari has advocated a rich and diverse wildlife in and around Oslo. He has opposed calls from the Centre Party for the culling of the grey wolf population in the østmarka woods outside Oslo.
Personal life.
He lives in the Oslo suburb of Ellingsrud. A lifelong aficionado of Persian culture and cuisine, his favourite food is Jujeh kabab. He is also a patron of fine arts including paintings, and especially the works of Edvard Munch, replicas of which adorns his office at Oslo City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19326570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326570" title="Smart electric drive">
Smart electric drive

The Smart Fortwo electric drive (or smart ed) is a battery electric vehicle version of the Smart Fortwo city car. This electric car was formerly known as Smart Fortwo EV. Field testing began in London with 100 units in 2007. The second generation was introduced in 2009 and was available in 18 markets around the world for leasing or through the Car2Go carsharing service in selected cities, with over 2,300 units delivered.
A near production version was unveiled at the September 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show. Deliveries of the third generation Smart began in in the U.S. and Europe from May 2013, and Smart plans to mass-produce the electric car with availability in 30 markets worldwide. More than 6,400 units of the second and third generation have been sold in North America and Europe between 2009 and December 2013, of which, 4,130 units are third generation models sold during 2013.
First generation.
The first Smart electric drive vehicles were modified by Zytek Electric Vehicles. It is powered by a rear-mounted motor driving the rear wheels. It runs on 13.2 kilowatt-hours of sodium-nickel chloride Zebra batteries.
Field testing began in London with 100 vehicles in 2007 and was available only for lease to corporate clients for £375 per month.
Second generation.
The second generation was introduced in 2009 to 18 markets with the objective to gather experience about how customers use and charge electric vehicles. Daimler initially planned to build 1,000 vehicles, but as demand exceeded the company’s expectations, more than 2,000 Smart Fortwo electric drive cars were produced. The electric cars were available for leasing or through the Car2Go carsharing service in San Diego, Amsterdam and Vancouver.>
Production of the second-generation Smart Fortwo electric drive began in November 2009 in Hambach, France. The Smart EDs have a lithium-ion battery provided by Tesla Motors with capacity of . The range of a fully charged battery is up to under the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) cycle.
As part of a three-phase roll-out program, phase two began with field testing in Berlin in December 2009 with 100 units out of 300 that will be deploy in Germany. For phase two 1,500 cars were produced, and field tested in Hamburg, Paris, Rome, Milan, Pisa, London, the English Midlands, Madrid, Zurich, Portugal, Denmark, the Czech Republic, Austria, Belgium and the Netherlands during the first half of 2010. In October 2010, 250 units were made available for field testing in several cities in the United States. Testing also was conducted in Canada; and in 2011 in selected markets in Asia.
Phase three of the program is mass production, which was scheduled to begin with the 2012 model year. In the United States sales were scheduled to begin in 2012 with the 2013 model year. On July 2011 an agreement was reached between Daimler AG and Robert Bosch GmbH to develop and produce innovative traction motors for electric vehicles. Based on this joint venture, Daimler planned to use the improved traction motors with the new generation of Smart electric drive cars scheduled to go on sale in 2012.
Specifications.
The lithium-ion battery pack takes three hours to charge from 20 to 80 percent of its capacity with a standard 220 V outlet. It can also can be charged using a common household 110 V outlet. The car has a 3.3 kW on-board charger for this "level 1 and 2" charging. Smart claims a 0-to- time of 6.5 seconds, the same as for the gasoline version.
It has a single fixed-gear ratio transmission and is about heavier than a gasoline-powered Fortwo.
Markets and sales.
Over 2,300 units of the second generation models were leased between 2009 and October 2012 in 18 markets around the world. Of these, 1,721 units were registered in Europe through October 2012, and 527 units in the U.S. through December 2012.
United States.
The trial program in the US began in January 2011 with the first customer delivery in Washington, DC. A total of 250 units were made available for leasing at a price of US$599 per month for a period of 48 months and , plus US$2,500 due at signing. This pricing is before taxes or any government tax credits or rebates available. The limited fleet of second-generation Smart Fortwo electric drive cars was introduced first in Portland, Oregon, Los Angeles, San Jose, California, Orlando, Florida, Austin, Detroit, Indianapolis and the Interstate 95 corridor between Washington, D.C. and Boston, including New Jersey and New York. 
In July 2011, Car2Go announced the deployment of a fleet of Smart EDs into carsharing service in San Diego before the end of 2011. The company stated that the carsharing electric cars will have a range of , and, based on their experience with usage in other cities, they will most likely need to be recharged every two or three days. When reserving the electric car online, San Diego Car2Go members are able to see the battery's state of charge, so if the customer wants to go for an extended drive, the option is available to find the right car for that trip. 
In November 2011 fleets of 300 Smart EDs each were deployed in San Diego and Amsterdam as part of the Car2Go service. , a total of 527 Smart EDs were registered in the US since January 2011, including 300 units deployed for Car2Go in San Diego.
Considering an energy consumption of 39 kilowatt-hours per 100 miles (878 kJ/km) and a conversion factor of 33.7 kW·h of electricity being the energy equivalent of a US gallon of gasoline ( kiljoules to the litre), the US Environmental Protection Agency officially rated the Smart ED combined fuel economy at 87 miles per gallon gasoline equivalent (mpg-e) (2.7 L gasoline equivalent/100 km; 104 mpg-imp gasoline equivalent), city and highway. EPA's official all-electric range is , but in favorable conditions in an urban environment at warm temperatures the carmaker claims the Smart Fortwo ED can reach up to . According to "Forbes", the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy ranked the Smart ForTwo Electric Drive the "greenest" car for 2014.
France.
A total of 152 Smart EDs were registered in France since 2010 through December 2012.
Third generation.
The third-generation Smart electric drive was unveiled at the September 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show. Key differences with the second-generation model include a more powerful electric motor, which improves acceleration and top speed; a new lithium-ion battery pack that will allow to increase the range to and an option for quick-charge will be available; and other features include an enlarged grille opening, stylish LED daytime running lights, wider door sills, some minor modifications to the rear, fully automatic air conditioning with pollen filter and pre-air conditioning. Several features will be controlled remotely through a smart drive application for the iPhone.
In Germany the Smart ED will be available for (around ) plus a monthly fee of () for the battery rental. Online reservations are scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter 2011. In the US pricing will start at Price and Price for the Soft Top Cabriolet before any applicable government incentives. Canadian pricing for the Electric Drive starts at and the cabriolet version starts at . 
The third-generation Smart electric drive was released in the US in May 2013 with 60 units delivered that month. Sales in Europe also began in May 2013. Smart plans to mass-produce the electric car with availability in 30 markets worldwide.
In February 2014, Smart announced it would be offering the 2014 model year nationwide, not just in the CARB states as the 2013 model year was. 
Markets and sales.
Global sales of the third generation model reached 4,130 units during 2013. The Smart ED was the top selling plug-in electric car in Germany in 2013, with 2,146 units registered through December 2013. After the German market, European sales were led by France, with 478 units registered through December 2013. U.S. sales totaled 923 units through December 2013.
Smart ForJeremy (2012-).
It is a version of Smart ForTwo electric drive designed by Jeremy Scott. It included bright white body colour, chrome-plated tridion cell, a wing made of transparent fibreglass and decorated with rocket-shaped elements that light up red, wider rear tyres and wider rear wheel arches, wheel rims are shaped like aeroplane propellers, bright chromium plated "eyebrows" above its front headlights, chromium plated top half of the mirror caps and the frame around the radiator grille, fine white nappa leather upholstery at instrument panel, seats and door trim; diamond stitching at seat insert areas and the centre panels in the doors, bright chromium plated side air inlets. 
The vehicle was unveiled on the eve of the LA Auto Show at Jim Henson Studios in Los Angeles, with music provided by the artist M.I.A..
Production version was planned in 2013 in limited quantities.

</doc>
<doc id="19326572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326572" title="Plantation (disambiguation)">
Plantation (disambiguation)

Plantation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19326580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326580" title="2009 FIVB World Grand Prix">
2009 FIVB World Grand Prix

The FIVB World Grand Prix 2009 is a women's volleyball tournament that was played by 12 countries from July 31 to August 23, 2009. The finals was held at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo, Japan. Brazil, United States, Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico qualified for the tournament at the 2008 Women's Pan-American Cup in Mexicali and Tijuana, Mexico.
Competing nations.
The following national teams qualified:
Preliminary rounds.
Ranking.
The host Japan and top five teams in the preliminary round advance to the Final round.

</doc>
<doc id="19326593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326593" title="Master of Science in Engineering">
Master of Science in Engineering

A Master of Science in Engineering (MSE) or Master of Science (Technology) is an academic degree to be differentiated from a Master of Engineering.
A Master of Science in Engineering can require completion of a thesis and qualifies the holder to apply for a program leading to a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in engineering. (A Master of Engineering requires completion of a project and doesn't qualify its holder to apply for a PhD in engineering.) The Master of Science in Engineering is sometimes considered the equivalent of the diplom degree in engineering in countries that have that degree.
Equivalent degrees are:

</doc>
<doc id="19326620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326620" title="Arkādijs Pavlovs">
Arkādijs Pavlovs

Arkādijs Pavlovs (2 February 1903 in Riga - 26 June 1960 in Riga) was a Latvian footballer and football manager, a five-time champion of Latvia.
Biography.
Pavlovs began playing football while in refuge during World War I in Yekaterinoslav. After returning to Latvia he played with Marss Riga and Amatieris for a short period but in 1924 Pavlovs joined the most important club of his career - RFK. Playing with RFK Pavlovs won five Latvian Higher League titles and became a two-time winner of the Riga Football Cup. From 1924 to 1933 he played for the Latvia national football team in total making 37 appearances and scoring 9 goals . Palvovs was a member of the Latvian football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics. Pavlovs scored the first goal in the history of the Baltic Cup and won the first tournament with Latvia in 1928.
After the 1934 football season Pavlovs joined the lower league club Kružoks Riga with which he played until 1939. In 1938 Pavlovs was a member of the Kružoks squad that earned promotion to the Latvian Higher League. In Kružoks Palvovs was the most experienced footballer and the informal leader of the club both on the field and off it.
Honours.
Club Titles
National Team

</doc>
<doc id="19326630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326630" title="Khalid Mahmood (Norwegian politician)">
Khalid Mahmood (Norwegian politician)

Khalid Mahmood (born 12 April 1959) is a Pakistani Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. 
Born in Pakistan, he migrated to Norway and took an education in economics at the University of Oslo. He became involved in the Pakistan Workers Welfare Union, and in 1983 he was elected to serve in Oslo city council. He was re-elected in 1987, not in 1991 but again in 1995. Having originally represented the Conservative Party, he joined the Labour Party in 1995. He left the Conservative Party in protest against a proposal to introduce financial reports regarding the immigrant population. for He was re-elected to the city council in 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2011. In 2011, he was placed on the last spot on the Labour electoral list, but was elected due to getting most personal votes of all candidates. 
He also served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the term 2005–2009.
Islamophobia.
According to a 2009 BBC article, Mahmood believes that there is persecution against Muslims. In the article, he was quoted: "Muslims are the Jews of our times, stigmatised, generalised and presented as a threat to society" . "We are portrayed as uncivilised people living double lives - orderly and behaved when in public, but at home fundamentalists suppressing and physically abusing women." 

</doc>
<doc id="19326634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326634" title="St. Alcuin House">
St. Alcuin House

St. Alcuin House Seminary was founded by the Order of St. Alcuin (Benedictine) as the official seminary of the Province of St. Alcuin, Convocation of Anglicans in North America, offers graduate education in ministry related areas such as theology, Christian literature, chaplaincy and philosophy. St. Alcuin House Seminary offers theological and philosophical study programs to prepare people for sacred ministry. The first goal of St. Alcuin House Seminary is "... to equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ" (Eph 4, 11-12).
The St. Alcuin House Seminary has links with other communities, such as the English National Catholic Church and the Mexican National Catholic Church. There are two Saint Alcuin House seminaries (in Minnesota and Florida) inside the Saint Alcuin Theological Federation.
The Saint Alcuin Theological Federation enables students to prepare for ordained ministry in an ecumenical context, while remaining rooted in the tradition of their own particular college. It also makes possible the sharing of teaching, library, research and other resources for the love of learning.
Each institution is responsible for the training, development and pastoral care of its own students. However the majority of academic teaching is delivered on a Federation basis, making the teaching expertise of each institution available to all Saint Alcuin-based Federation students, and ensuring a mutual sharing and challenging of ideas.
Permission may be given to use the Bodleian Library, Oxford, Princeton Theological Seminary Library and Friends of Princeton Libraries, and to arrange attendance at lectures.
The Saint Alcuin House Seminary offers also other ministries and program for students and alumni: the Prayer and Healing Ministry (PHM), the Emmanuel Mission (EM) and the Order of Saint Alcuin (OSA).
Fellows of the College: 
The Revd Jay Bunting, The Revd John Dee, The Revd Douglas Halverson, The Revd John Keliher, The Revd Kate Martin, The Revd Council Nedd II, The Revd Brian Nixon, The Revd John Simons, The Revd Alan Leighton, The Revd Zech Schariah, Robb Lawson, The Revd Peter Riola, The Revd Terry Miller, The Revd Eluid Wasike.
College of Preceptors: 
The Revd Daniel Thomas, OSA, The Revd Carolyn Bunting, OSA, The Revd Rick Benton, OSA, The Revd Katherine Martin, OSB, The Revd Mick Benton, OSA, The Very Revd Anthony D. Giunta, TOR, The Revd Omomaro Okeykaro, OFM.
St. Alcuin Medal Award Recipients: 
Ralph Walter, John Keliher, OSA, Douglas Halverson, OSB
Research is published in the St. Alcuin House Journal, Library of Congress, Washington, ISSN Number 1548-4459. 
Education.
The St. Alcuin House Seminary is recognized by the Office of Higher Education of the State of Minnesota, and the seminary operates currently under Minnesota Statutes 136A.61 to 136A.71 and its licensure is pursuant to Minnesota Statutes Chapter 141. From the Minnesota Office of Higher Education "... that courses and degrees or programs to be offered are solely intended to prepare students for ministry, including lay ministry; missionary work, religious instruction and other closely related fields, or to conduct their lives in accordance with the precepts of your faith as believed and practiced ...".
The seminary offers the following courses:

</doc>
<doc id="19326640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326640" title="Höllental Railway (Lower Austria)">
Höllental Railway (Lower Austria)

The Lower Austrian Höllental Railway () is a narrow gauge electric railway with a track gauge of , which runs from the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) station of Payerbach Reichenau on the Semmering Railway for approximately five kilometres through the market town of Reichenau an der Rax to Hirschwang.
History.
The railway opened in 1918 to serve a paper mill and was opened to passengers and general goods traffic in 1926. Apart from local commuter traffic the railway also served tourist groups as a feeder for the Rax Cable Car, the first cable car in Austria which also opened in 1926. At the beginning of the 1960s large scale investment was needed, so in 1963 passenger traffic was stopped and replaced by post office buses. The goods traffic, in particular to the paper mill in Hirschwang, continued until 1982.
In 1977 the Austrian Society for Local Railways (ÖGLB) was created, and in 1979 began operating passenger trips for tourists on weekends in the summer. Since other traffic has ceased the ÖGLB has also been responsible for maintenance of the railway. The original operator of the railway, Payerbach Hirschwang GmbH, is still in existence and the legal owner.
Rolling stock.
The original electrical locomotives E1 to E3 are regarded as icons of the railway. They were originally supplied with several sister locomotives for the building of the Karavanken Railway Tunnel. Constructed in 1903 they rank amongst the oldest electric locomotives still operating anywhere in the world. After several changes they received their characteristic appearance, which lead to the nickname “driving summer-house”. A further electric locomotive (E4) was supplied 1927 by AEG Vienna, however this locomotive was only used for working at Hirschwang.
Two tramcars (No. 1 and 2) and four trailers (No. 11 to 14) were built for passenger traffic in 1926 by Grazer Waggonfabrik. These cars were very generously dimensioned and at that time were the largest narrow gauge vehicles of Austria. By 1963 these were the only passenger vehicles in use, and after passenger traffic ceased they were sold to the Zillertal Railway. The trailers were altered and used as passenger vehicles, and the tramcars were dismantled and converted to trucks. The trailers were brought back to the Höllental Railway in 1986 and restored. A tramcar was reconstructed from the original bogies and one of the trailers. This reconstructed tramcar commenced operation in 2005.
In the 1970s the condition of the electrical equipment deteriorated, two ex-army "Feldbahn" diesel locomotives of the type HF 130 C were acquired. These were sold after the goods traffic ceased. In 1997 a locomotive of this type was again purchased, and several smaller diesel locomotives have also been used for work trains.
Since the line has operated as a preserved railway, several steam engines have been used. Beside some industrial and feldbahn locomotives, U1 class ÖBB 298,51 and the “Molln”, ÖBB 298,104, have been used for a short time. In 1990 the ÖGLB took over operation of the Ybbstal Railway "mountain line" and transferred the large steam locomotives there.
Engineering.
The Höllentalbahn operates on a 550 Volt system. Its track has a minimum radius of 60 metres, and a maximum gradient of 2.5% (1:40). Maximum allowable speed on the railway is 25 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19326649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326649" title="HMS Wildfire">
HMS Wildfire

Five ships and a number of shore establishments of the British Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Wildfire":
Shore establishments.
Other shore establishments have been commissioned as tenders and subordinate bases to the main HMS "Wildfire"s, and have shared the name, with an identifying numeral:

</doc>
<doc id="19326656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326656" title="Syndicate Blackpool">
Syndicate Blackpool

The Syndicate was a superclub and music venue in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. It was the largest nightclub in North West England. The club opened in December 2002 and had at time of closing, three levels of floor space, three segmented rooms and a VIP floor. It had a capacity of 4,300 which made it one of the largest nightclubs in the United Kingdom.
History.
ABC Theatre.
The building was originally an ABC theatre and then cinema. The former Hippodrome Theatre was bought by Associated British Cinemas (ABC) in April 1929. They planned to rebuild it in 1939, which was halted by the outbreak of World War II. The theatre closed in 1960. Most of the building was then demolished and the new ABC Theatre was built in the shell of the old building with stalls and circle seating with a capacity of 1,934. It also had a permanent revolving stage.
The ABC Theatre opened on 31 May 1963 with the "Holiday Carnival" summer season stage show which starred Cliff Richard and The Shadows. It was used for stage shows during the summer months with films and concerts in the winter. ABC Weekend Television televised their "Blackpool Night Out" show from the theatre which starred the likes of Freddie Davies, Mike & Bernie Winters and Pearl Carr & Teddy Johnson.
The Beatles played a concert there in 1963 and in August 1965 they played at the "Blackpool Night Out" on ABC Weekend Television. It was the first time they had played the song "Yesterday" on British television and the gig has become popular on the video sharing website YouTube. Four songs they sang live at the gig appeared on the "Anthology 2" compilation album in 1996 – "I Feel Fine", "Ticket to Ride", "Yesterday" and "Help!". The Beatles were also shown singing "Help" at the ABC in Episode four of the 1995 .
The summer shows starred the likes of Frank Ifield, Cilla Black, Morcambe and Wise, and Tommy Steele.
ABC Cinema.
In January 1981 the theatre closed and was converted into a triple screen cinema which reopened on 30 April 1981, although the revolving stage was retained together with the orchestra pit, original proscenium and front stalls and dressing rooms, though hidden behind the screens. The circle was used for one screen with the stalls divided into two screens.
It was renamed the Cannon Cinema in 1986, the MGM Cinema in May 1993 before reverting to the ABC name. It closed as a cinema in July 2000.
The Syndicate.
The ABC building was bought in the summer of 2001 for about £4million by local entrepreneurs Mike and Sandra Nordwind and converted into the Syndicate nightclub. It opened in December 2002, with none of the original interior remaining.
The club was closed for a month in October 2005 when it lost its late night drinks licence in court, after Blackpool Police had presented a dossier of alleged violence at the club, which magistrates decided was so serious they withdrew the licence to sell alcohol after 11pm. The club re-opened on 26 November after agreeing to withdraw their application for a new 4am licence.
After the club closed in January 2006 following the refusal of a 4am licence, it was bought in May by national operator Nexum Leisure who undertook a £1m refurbishment of the venue. In June 2007 the venue launched a weekly Polish Night (Polska Noc) aimed at the resorts Polish and Eastern European population.
On 7 September 2008, John Robb the vocalist in the punk rock band Goldblade who co-founded The Membranes in Blackpool in 1977 and who also works as a journalist and television pundit, hosted a special event entitled "A Celebration of Music, Fashion & Football 1975–1995" at the Syndicate, with guest speakers Andy Nicholls, Shane Meadows and former Inspiral Carpets musician Clint Boon.
On 14 September 2008 the Syndicate staged a boxing event with American former world heavyweight champion, Tim Witherspoon making a guest appearance. Eric "Butterbean" Esch took on Mark Potter for the European Boxing Federation Heavyweight title.
The Syndicate closed on 10 August 2011, posting a closing notice on Facebook.

</doc>
<doc id="19326660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326660" title="William Pole Thornhill">
William Pole Thornhill

William Pole Thornhill (1807 – 12 February 1876) was a British Whig and then Liberal Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1853 to 1865. 
Thornhill was the last member of the family of Thornhill who had owned estates at Stanton Hall, Stanton-in-Peak since the end of the 17th century when John Thornhill married the heiress Mary Bache. Thornhill and his wife were considerable benefactors to the village, building the parish church in 1833, the reading rooms and "The Stand", originally known as "The Belvedere", a viewing platform giving panoramic views over the Wye Valley. Many of the houses in the village carry the initials "WPT". 
Thornhill became High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1836. He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for North Derbyshire at a by-election in July 1853,
and held the seat until he stood down at the 1865 general election.
As a politician he was a strong reformist and built the Earl Grey Tower on the eastern edge of Stanton Moor dedicated to the Reform Act 1832. He was briefly, between 1860 and 1863, a lieutenant in the 9th Derbyshire Rifle Volunteers. He died at Brighton at the beginning of 1876. 
Thornhill married Isabella Gell at Wirksworth in 1828. Isabella was the heiress of Hopton Hall. They took the name Gell according to the terms of inheritance and lived briefly at Hopton Hall but in due course renounced the inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="19326665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326665" title="Alcohol belts of Europe">
Alcohol belts of Europe

The alcohol belts of Europe are regions in Europe which are considered to be divided by association with either beer, wine or spirits.
Vodka belt.
Being an informal term, the "vodka belt" has no established definition. However, the general definition tends to include the following states:
The few EU countries of the vodka Belt produce over 70% of the EU's vodka.
The southern boundary of the "vodka belt" roughly corresponds to -2°C January isotherm. With the exception of Ukraine and some regions of southern Russia, cultivation of grapes is impossible or very difficult in the Vodka belt.
Sometimes the term "vodka belt" is used whilst referring exclusively to the Slavic countries of Central and Eastern Europe, as they are the historical homeland of vodka (Poland and Russia being the states most often associated with the invention of the drink). Before the 19th century, vodka was considered very much a "people's drink" that was common among the peasantry who made up the majority of the population in most countries of the time, whilst the political and aristocratic minority preferred imported wines or other alcoholic beverages that were considered less plebeian. However, there are exceptions to this, e.g. Żubrówka - a type of Polish vodka that dates back to the 16th century, but became popular among the szlachta, as well as the peasantry, as early as the 18th century.
In his book about the Soviet Union, Alex de Jonge elaborates on his concept of "geoalcoholics". In particular, he explains Russian peculiarities by their belonging to the vodka belt and the absence of the beer belt in the Soviet Union. Other than the prevalent hard liquor, the vodka belt is also characteristic of higher occurrence binge drinking pattern compared to the rest of Europe. Likewise, in his "Russia and the Russians", historian Geoffrey Hoskins notes the distinct effect vodka culture has had on the countries of the former Russian Empire, creating drinking as a social problem on a different level from other European countries.
However, in many countries historically belonging to the vodka Belt, vodka has been supplanted by beer as the alcoholic drink of choice since the early 21st century. Residents of Finland and Sweden consume twice as much beer as vodka (in terms of pure alcohol). The Polish Beer-Lovers' Party (which won 16 seats in the Sejm in 1991) was founded on the notion of fighting alcoholism by a cultural abandonment of vodka for beer. And indeed in 1998, beer surpassed vodka as the most popular alcoholic drink in Poland. In Russia, annual consumption of beer has grown from 12 litres per capita in 1995 to 67 litres in 2006 (but still remains lower than consumption of vodka).
The term has been generating much buzz since 2006 in relating to the "vodka war" within the European Union about the standardisation of vodka: the Vodka Belt countries insist that only spirits produced from grains and potato must be allowed to be branded as "vodka", according to the long established traditions of its production, a brand protection similar to the "protected designation of origin". The "Schnellhardt compromise", proposed by Horst Schnellhardt, suggests that vodkas from other than cereals, potatoes and molasses, should be labeled to say "Vodka produced from..."
Beer belt.
The "beer belt" is the territory covered by countries in Europe where beer is historically the most popular alcoholic beverage. The beer belt is located to the southwest of the vodka belt and to the northeast of the wine belt.
The geography of the beer belt is closely tied to the historical growing range of its two main ingredients: barley, and more especially hops. Barley was first domesticated during the late stone age in the ancient near east, has been brewed into beer-like beverages for thousands of years, and as been grown in most of Europe since ancient times. Hops are more narrowly distributed, preferring humid temperate climates, similar to potatoes. Originally, Euopean "ale" (not yet called beer) was produced without hops, which were introduced to Europe from the east (originating in China). The first evidence of hops in Europe dates from 736, in the Hallertau region of present-day Germany, although the first mention of the use of hops "in brewing" in that country was not until 1079. The westward spread of hops was slow, not reaching England until 1524. Ireland was still importing hops in the eighteenth century; more than 500 tons of English hops were imported through Dublin alone in 1752. In 1516, the "Reinheitsgebot" or "Bavarian Beer Purity Law" established that barley, hops, and yeast were the only allowable ingredients in beer. This became the template for beers across Europe. While non-barley beers (e.g. wheat beer), and non hopped-beers (e.g. flavoured with gruit) are still produced, across most of Europe "beer" is synonymous with barley and hops. Since the northern range of hops does not include most of Scandinavia or Russia (or much of Scotland), these areas, for the most part, are outside of the beer belt and lie in the vodka/whisky belt (see "vodka belt" above).
Beer has also been promoted by authorities in many spirit-loving countries as a means of social control. Beer is less intoxicating per volume than spirits. The "Gin Craze" in eighteenth century Britain led to a campaign to promote beer as an alternative. The famous prints "Beer Street" and "Gin Lane" (1751) by William Hogarth, helped to lobby for what became the "Gin Act" of 1751 which taxed and regulated gin. During the 18th century the Parliament of Ireland used taxation to encourage brewing at the expense of distilling, reasoning that beer was less harmful than whiskey.
Wine belt.
The "wine belt" is the territory covered by countries in Europe where wine is historically the most popular alcoholic beverage. The wine belt is located to the south of the beer belt and the vodka belt. The wine belt has been variously defined as approximately between 41° - 44°N, 30° - 50°N, and 35° - 50/51°N. Countries in the wine belt include Spain, Portugal, Italy, Hungary, Moldova, Armenia, Georgia, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, Montenegro, Croatia, Bulgaria, most of Austria, the Czech Republic, Poland, San Marino, Slovakia, Switzerland, Romania, and France. Slovenia is in the wine belt, but most of the country apart from the eastern parts overlaps with Beer Belt as well. Additionally, South-West England (if one classes cider as a wine analogue), parts of the Low Countries, southwestern Germany and parts of Austria could be considered to lie either within the belt or within an overlap region.
Arrack belt.
The wine belt is bounded by a string of Islamic countries from the south (the Maghreb) and east (Turkey and Azerbaijan), where consumption of alcohol was often incompatible with social norms (see Alcohol in Islam) and which, therefore, can be thought to comprise an "abstinence belt" depending on one's piousness. Alcohol consumption in southern Wine Belt countries such as Spain and Italy (11.6 and 10.6 liters of alcohol per capita, per year, as of 2005) sharply contrasts with estimated consumption south of Mediterranean: 1.5 liters/capita/year in Morocco, 1.0 liter in Algeria, 0.1 liter in Libya, and 0.4 liters in Egypt. Arrack distilled from date palm sap was considered by some Muslims as a loophole in the prohibition against alcohol because it is neither made from grain nor fruit, and therefore not mentioned by name in the Qur'an, thus allowing its consumption. Prior to the arrival of Islam in those countries, most of them were wine-consuming; the exception was Egypt and Mesopotamia, where (merissa) beer predominated (on account of large production of grains). Grapes continue to be cultivated in many of these countries; for example, Egypt ranks 13th in the world by grape production (as of 2009), and produces 1.5 million metric tons of grapes per year - almost as much as Australia. However, most of these are table grapes, and only a tiny part of the total harvest is used to produce wine.
A liquor distilled from wine and flavoured with spices and herbs is known as arak, rakia, rakı or "arrak" and "arraki" (in Sudan). This arrak belt extends into the southern Mediterranean, the Balkans and even France. Ouzo, absinth, sambuca, mastika, and pastis are very similar to arak and may be considered types of "arrack". The term "Arrack" is also used for distilled liquors from India, Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines. These are made from palm sap instead of grains or grapes. For this see arrack. The method of tapping date palms and distilling the fermented sap (palm toddy) also originates in the Middle East and Egypt where it was used in areas unsuitable for grape cultivation.
Expansion of the alcohol belts.
European imperialism and emigration has spread Europeans' drink preferences across the world. While traditional indigenous alcohols are still produced (rice wine in East Asia), and new processes have created new alcohol belts (the rum belt in the Caribbean and Latin America, or tequila in Mexico), overall European alcohols are dominant across the globe.
Wine and beer moved in tandem with the Spanish conquistadors, but beer more quickly became established in the colonized areas, and spread more widely. Both indigenous Americans and Africans already produced beverages from fermented grains when Europeans arrived (tesgüino in Mexico, umqombothi in South Africa), but in both the Americas and Africa, barley-and-hops style beer has become more popular and profitable. The first official concession to brew European-style beer in New Spain was granted to Alfonso de Herrero in 1543 or 1544. Its exact location is unknown, but it is thought to have been located in the south of Mexico City (where Metro Portales is today) or in Amecameca, Mexico State. Beer arrived in New Netherland in 1587, with the first commercial brewery set up in 1632 by the Dutch West India Company in Manhattan. New France’s first commercial brewery was created in 1668 by Jean Talon in Quebec City. Dutch settlers brought beer to South Africa by the 1650s. Captain Cook had beer on board when he first sailed to Australia. Today, beer is the world's most widely consumed alcoholic beverage; it is the third-most popular drink overall, after water and tea.
Vodka spread east across Northern Eurasia with the expansion of the Russian Empire. Whisky spread from Ireland and Scotland to the New World, creating the new styles of American whiskey and Canadian whisky (note spelling differences). Later Eastern European immigrants brought a taste for vodka to the New World as well, and by 1975 vodka had overtaken Bourbon as the most popular spirit in the United States.
Wine has a long history in the New World, but European wines have retained a significant prestige advantage over New World wines well into the twentieth century, and to some extent the twenty first. The first attempt to cultivate grapevines for wine in the New World began with the second voyage of Christopher Columbus on Hispaniola in 1494. 
Poland and the Czech Republic are the only two countries to be widely considered a part of all three belts.

</doc>
<doc id="19326703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326703" title="Rubina Rana">
Rubina Rana

Rubina Rana (27 May 1956 – 15 July 2003) was a Pakistani Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Born in Pakistan, she grew up in Karachi and Lahore and migrated to Rakkestad, Norway in 1978. She became involved in local politics in Oslo, and in 1995 she was elected to serve in Oslo city council. She served two terms.
She received national attention in 1999, when she was selected to chair the committee responsible for planning the Norwegian Constitution Day celebration in Oslo. The first non-Western immigrant to hold this position, she received multiple death threats from extremists.
She died in 2003. In 2006 a street at Grønland, Oslo was named after her. She was the first non-Western immigrant to receive this honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19326709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326709" title="Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex">
Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex

Shri Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex, Balewadi, Pune is an Indian sports complex. The complex is situated in Balewadi, Pune, about 14–15 km from Pune downtown and 4–5 km from Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, Hinjewadi, Pune. This complex was the venue for the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games.
History.
This complex was built in 1994 for the National Games 1994, which were hosted by Pune. The 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games were hosted here. In 2008 the World Junior Table Tennis Circuit was successfully held here. The 2009 FIVB Men's Junior World Championship was held here. It was won by Brazil. The city is also the host of FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women 2009.
Football.
The athletics stadium also hosts the I-League matches for Pune F.C.. It has also hosted matches for the India national football team. India played against Vietnam in a friendly match over here. India played their first match in the 2012 London Olympic Qualifiers (first round) against Myanmar. India won it by a score 2-1. India drew with Qatar in the 2012 London Olympic Qualifier (Second round) at the stadium by a score 1-1. Then during the 2011 Indian Federation Cup the Balewadi Sports Complex co-hosted with the Salt Lake Stadium the Federation Cup group-stages. The Federation Cup is the second most important football competition in India.
Other Games.
Beginning in fall 2012, the Athletics Stadium will undergo a retrofitting and become the host stadium for the Elite Football League of India and the home arena for the Pune Marathas.
The 2011 Rollball World Cup was held in this games village. This was the first world cup of Rollball. Denmark was the winner of this tournament.
The 2009 FIVB Men's Junior World Championship was held on 31 July 2009 to 9 August 2009. Host India ended 4th in this tournament. This Tournament was conducted in Badminton Hall and Boxing Arena. Brazil won this championship.
Facilities.
Stadia.
Athletics Stadium.
The Athletics stadium has a seating capacity of roughly 20,000 people at a time, Flood lights and an 8 lane track.
Aquatics Centre.
This Aquatics centre contains two 50 x 25m swimming pools, with a seating capacity of 3500 people. This has changing room for players. Seating and lounges are for VIPs.
Badminton Hall.
The Badminton hall 6 competition courts and 4 warm-up courts, and has a seating capacity of 3800 people at a time. This hall is air condition and has wooden floor. It has changing room for players and sitting & lounges for VIPs. This venue is the home ground of Pune Pistons a franchise in Indian Badminton League.
Basketball.
The first edition of FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women was played on this stadium from 30 November 2009 to 6 December 2009. Host India finished on fifth position..
Boxing Arena.
The Boxing arena has 3 rings, and 5 warm-up rings, with a seating capacity of 3500 peoples. This hall is air conditioned and has changing rooms for players. This arena is the host of 2011 World Series Boxing.
Shooting Range.
The complex has 15 shooting ranges, with a seating capacity of 1500. The ranges are constructed according to ISSF rules world championship.
Table Tennis Hall.
The hall, with a seating capacity of 1500 people, successfully held World Junior Table Tennis Circuit in September 2008. This has 4 competition tables and 4 warm up tables. This hall is air conditioned and has changing rooms for players. Seating and lounges are for VIPs.
Tennis Court.
The Tennis courts feature one central court and four competition courts, with six warm-up courts. Centre court has a seating capacity of 4200 people. T\\
Weightlifting Hall.
This hall seats 3000 people. It hosted the 2009 commonwealth bench press championships. The most famous athlete to compete was Britain's strongest man Paddy the Pac man Jumelle. The hall is air conditioned and has one competition podium and 10 warm-up platforms. Seating and lounges are provided for VIPs. There is also a changing room for competitors.
Wrestling Hall.
The wrestling hall has four rings, and six warm-up rings with a seating capacity of 4400 people. This has seating and lounges for VIPs. This also has change room for players. This is an air conditioned hall.
Velodrome.
This is not the only velodrome in India,
Games Village.
This is a non sporting venue at the sports city with 400 rooms, ranging between three and five star.
Other Buildings.
The other buildings are as follows:
This centre has equipment to develop physical and physiological attributes. This hall is air condition hall and has provision for Yoga and Meditation. This has provision for sauna and chill water bath for recovery.
This centre has sauna and chill water bath. This has seven departments:

</doc>
<doc id="19326731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326731" title="Chapter nine institutions">
Chapter nine institutions

Chapter nine institutions refer to a group of organisations established in terms of Chapter 9 of the South African Constitution to guard democracy. The institutions are:
Though chapter nine calls for a broadcast regulator it does not specifically mandate the Independent Communications Authority of South Africa (Icasa). Interpretations vary on whether Icasa is (or is not) a chapter nine institution.
Parliamentary review.
In October 2006 an "ad hoc" parliamentary committee was established to investigate the chapter nine bodies with regard to employment procedures and institutional governance.
Also of concern was spending on the institutions and their lack of mandate to operate outside of the country.
The committee recommended the establishment of a directorate, under the office of the Speaker, to liaise with the institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19326753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326753" title="Leadership spill">
Leadership spill

In Australian politics, a leadership spill is a declaration that the leadership of a parliamentary party is vacant, and open for re-election. A spill may involve all leadership positions (leader and deputy leader in both houses), or just the leader.
A leadership election may result in a new leader, or may confirm the status quo. If the party in question is in government, the election of a new leader will result in a new Prime Minister, Premier or Chief Minister; if the party is the opposition, the election of a new leader will result in a new Opposition Leader.
Westminster system.
In the Westminster system the leader of the party which forms government accordingly becomes the Prime Minister. Contenders for the role of party leader are usually restricted to the cabinet.
A leadership spill occurs when a member or members of the parliamentary party feel that the leader is taking the party in an undesirable direction or is simply not delivering on their promises to those who elected them, and does not have the numbers to back his or her position. A spill may be triggered by consistently poor polling.
A spill can be initiated by the leader themselves, usually to ensure a fresh mandate to quell dissenting voices in the party. It may occur at any time, leaving the person in the leadership position always 'on notice'.

</doc>
<doc id="19326755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326755" title="KTV Ltd.">
KTV Ltd.

KTV Ltd. is a digital TV and radio service operating in the Falkland Islands. The cost is from £32.00 for satellite service. There is also an encrypted wireless digital cable service available in Stanley and part of the camp, which costs £30 for 24 channels. Founded in 1980 by Mario Zuvic, KTV Ltd. receives channels from the UK and USA and rebroadcasts them to subscribers in the Falkland Islands. KTV Ltd. cooperates with a number of other small broadcasting companies in other British overseas territories, notably Saint FM in St Helena FIRS and Myriam's Country.
Other operations.
KTV operate Radio Nova, a rebroadcast service for BBC World Service, BBC World Service News 24, DW Radio and Saint FM in association with the stations on FM and Digital Terrestrial.
Competitors.
FIRS the local radio station and no other TV or radio service in the Falkland Islands is licensed or complies with copyrights clearance to operate legally.

</doc>
<doc id="19326757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326757" title="Elena Perepelkina">
Elena Perepelkina

Elena Perepelikna (born on January 24, 1982) is a female freestyle wrestler from Russia who participated in Women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. She lost in 1/8 of final with Kyoko Hamaguchi from Japan

</doc>
<doc id="19326772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326772" title="Snippen Station">
Snippen Station

Snippen Station () is an unmanned stop on Gjøvikbanen with the address "Greveveien" in Maridalen, Oslo, Norway. The station is located a little over 17.5 km from Oslo S between Sandermosen and Movatn and was opened in 1934. There is no car parking area in connection with the station.
The station is conveniently located as a starting point for excursions into both Nordmarka and Lillomarka.

</doc>
<doc id="19326823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326823" title="Tatsuya">
Tatsuya

Possible writings.
Tatsuya can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19326832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326832" title="Rami Serry">
Rami Serry

Rami Serry (born 28 February 1980) is an Egyptian racing driver. His career suffered a temporary setback when he was wrongly accused of manslaughter after several onlookers were killed in an accident during an illegal offtrack race in 2005.
Early years.
Serry was born in Cairo. From a very young age, he showed signs of extraordinary driving skills and quickly gained respect in the world of motor sport. After studying in the United States in 1998 he returned to Egypt in 2001 to pursue his goal of becoming the Egyptian Autocross champion. With limited choices in racing events around the country, Serry stuck to the Egyptian Autocross and quickly impressed the audience with his extreme driving style, which gained him many fans and admirers around the country.
Street-racing accident.
However, his fame turned against him in 2005 when an illegal street race took place on the main airport road in Cairo. One of the drivers lost control of his car and crashed into the crowd, injuring 12 and killing 6. The next day Serry was arrested at his home in Heliopolis as a suspect in the lethal accident, his name having been given to the police by a few witnesses who alleged that he was driving the silver BMW involved. Serry was charged with racing in the illegal race and when it was proven that he had not done so, was then charged with organizing it.
After spending 34 days in prison, Serry was able to prove his innocence and was interviewed on the TV show Al-Qahira Al-Youm with Amr Adib. He received direct apologies from many high-ranking officials around the country for being falsely accused. Serry's fame rocketed after his vindication and he became a household name around the country.
Later career.
After his release Serry was determined to build a race track in Egypt to prevent similar accidents. After many unsuccessful attempts to achieve this, he concluded that the country was not yet ready for motorsport, and moved to Bahrain, considered to be the home of motorsport in the Middle East, where he became editor of "Arabia Motors", a popular motoring magazine in the Gulf. For two years Serry worked and raced in Bahrain, gaining valuable experience. He participated for a full season in Formula BMW at the Bahrain International Circuit and also in drift challenges around the Gulf, extending his fame to other areas of the Middle East. Serry then moved back to Egypt to start his own magazine [http://www.xtrememotoringmag.com and TV show. Since his arrival he has ventured out into numerous pursuits which included experiments in BioGeometry with Dr. Ibrahim Karim. They both teamed up to introduce the technology to both the automobile and motorsport industries. After promising results, Serry was offered a chance to speak about his experiences and the new technology at the infamous TED [http://ted.com event which took place at the American University in Cairo under the name of TEDxCairo [http://tedxcairo.com. Rami currently works for LINKonLINE [http://linkonlinecorp.com] in a senior marketing position.

</doc>
<doc id="19326834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326834" title="Communauté de communes du Canton de Fauquembergues">
Communauté de communes du Canton de Fauquembergues

The Communauté de communes du Canton de Fauquembergues was created on December 31, 1993 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 18 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19326838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326838" title="Aslam Ahsan">
Aslam Ahsan

Mohammed Aslam Ahsan Chaudhary (born 15) is a Pakistani Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Born in Punjab, British India, he migrated to Sweden in May 1971 and to Oslo, Norway in August the same year. He took a job in the industry, and became active in his trade union. He eventually became involved in local politics, and was elected to serve in Lørenskog municipal council in 1983, as one of the first Asian immigrants to Norway.
He has also been a member of Norway's Contact Committee for Immigrants and the Authorities. He has become known nationwide as a debater in the public sphere, and won the Fritt Ord Award for freedom of expression in 2002. In 2009 he was awarded the HM The King's Medal of Merit in Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19326855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326855" title="McAnally">
McAnally

McAnally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19326868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326868" title="Caroline Bird">
Caroline Bird

Caroline Bird (born 1986) is a British poet, playwright and author.
Life.
Bird was born in 1986. She grew up in Leeds and attended the Steiner School in York and the Lady Eleanor Holles School before moving to London in 2001. She studied English Literature at Oxford University and was president of the Oxford Poetry Society. She has given poetry readings at The Royal Festival Hall (with Elaine Feinstein), Latitude Festival, the Wellcome Collection (with Don Paterson), St Hilda's College, Oxford (with Wendy Cope), the Wordsworth Trust (with Gillian Allnutt), Cheltenham Festival (with Clare Pollard) and Ledbury Festival, amongst others. She is currently one of the writers-in-residence for the charity First Story.
Published works.
Caroline Bird has published three collections of poetry. Her first collection, "Looking Through Letterboxes" (published in 2002 when she was 15), is a collection of poems built on the traditions of fairy tale, fantasy and romance. Her second collection, "Trouble Came to the Turnip", was published in September 2006 to critical acclaim. Her third collection, '"Watering Can",' received a 'Poetry Book Society Recommendation.' 
Bird's poems have been published in several anthologies and are published regularly in "PN Review", "Poetry Review" and "The North" magazine. Her poems and a commissioned short story, "Sucking Eggs", have been broadcast on BBC Radio 4. A member of the Royal Court Young Writers Programme, Bird is also a playwright. She was part of the Bush Theatre's 2011 project "Sixty Six" where she wrote a piece based upon a chapter of the "King James Bible" In February 2012, Bird presented her Beano-inspired show "The Trial of Dennis the Menace", featuring original music by Matt Rogers, which was performed in the Purcell Room at Southbank Centre. Last Autumn her radical version of "The Trojan Women" enjoyed a seven-week run at The Gate Theatre, to wide critical acclaim. Her original play "Chamber Piece" was recently premiered at the Lyric Hammersmith as part of their Secret Theatre Season. 
Prizes and Recognition.
Caroline Bird was a winner of the Poetry London Competition in 2007, the Peterloo Poetry Competition for three years running (2004, 2003 and 2002), a major Eric Gregory Award in 2002 and the Foyles Young Poet of the Year Award in 1999 and 2000. She was shortlisted for the Geoffrey Dearmer Award in 2001. Caroline was shortlisted for the Dylan Thomas Prize in 2008, and was the youngest writer on the list at 21. Caroline was shortlisted again for the Dylan Thomas Prize 2010.
Caroline was awarded the honour of "Young Champion" in 2010 at the inaugural Youth Olympic Games in Singapore and attended the "What Makes A Young Champion?" event. 
Caroline was on the shortlist for Shell Woman Of The Future Awards 2011.
Caroline is one of the five official poets for the London Olympics 2012. Her poem, ‘The Fun Palace’ which celebrates the life and work of Joan Littlewood, is now erected on the Olympic Site outside the main stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19326873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326873" title="Semcon">
Semcon

Semcon AB is a global company active in the areas of engineering services and product information. The Group has sites at 45 locations on three continents with more than 3,000 employees who have extensive experience from many different development-intensive sectors. Semcon says it "helps companies develop products that boost sales and competitive strength". This occurs in both single assignments and projects where specific teams are formed to develop innovative solutions for the entire product development chain from requirement studies to finished product.
History.
Semcon was founded 1980 in Västerås by Arvid Hansen. 1983 he also started operations in Göteborg and 1984 the head office was moved to Göteborg. In 1990 Semcon was sold to VIAK. VIAK was then sold to VBB Group. After a management buy our Semcon was introduced to the Swedish stock exchange in 1997. A rapid growth and expansion in Sweden took place. In the beginning of 2000 Semcon started a series of sub brands such as Zipper, Zuite, Zystems, Zooma, Zingle with focus on IT. (called the Z-companies) Penteq in UK was acquired 2005 and this was the first Semcon operations outside Sweden. In 2005 the first office in China opened. And soon also in Hungary. Two larger acquisitions took place in 2007: German IVM Automotive and Swedish Caran. With IVM Automotive Semcon now also had operations in Brazil, India and Germany. The Z-companies was sold except Zooma.
Core business.
Semcon offers engineering services and product information services for the entire product development chain, from requirement studies to finished product.
Engineering Services:
The three main areas of expertise are product development, produktion development and plant design. These include:
→Automotive engineering
→Mechanics
→Electrics & electronics
→Plant design
→Design
→Automation
→Test & verification
→Design→
→User experience
→Project management
→Quality
→Production & process development
→Calculation & simulation
Product Information:
The three main areas of expertise are online marketing communication, after market information and distribution of information. These include:
→Information strategy
→Information design
→Serviceability
→Online marketing communication
→Information management
→Training
→Product and user information
→Service information
→Parts & accessories information
→Illustration & graphics
→Digital distribution.
Business areas.
Semcon is grouped in four business areas:
Engineering Services Nordic.
Engineering services in the Nordic region. This encompasses varied sectors of activity like: automotive engineering, industrial design, mechanical design, production technology, prototypes, electricity and automation, embedded systems, both hardware and software. Quality, validation and traceability, medical device. Training and service within project management.
Engineering Services Germany.
Engineering services in Germany. This encompasses varied sectors of activity like: automotive engineering, industrial design, mechanical design, production technology, prototypes, electricity and automation, embedded systems, both hardware and software. Quality, validation and traceability, medical device. Training and service within project management.
Engineering Services International.
Engineering services in Brazil, India, UK and Russia. This encompasses varied sectors of activity like: automotive engineering, industrial design, mechanical design, production technology, prototypes, electricity and automation, embedded systems, both hardware and software. Quality, validation and traceability, medical device. Training and service within project management.
Product Information.
Business area product information delivers services and information solutions ranging from online marketing communication to aftermarket information for complex products, software and plants.
The business area has activities in Sweden, Germany, China, UK, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="19326884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326884" title="Liberal Party of Australia leadership spill, 2008">
Liberal Party of Australia leadership spill, 2008

A spill of the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia took place on 15 September 2008. At a ballot on 16 September, Shadow Treasurer Malcolm Turnbull defeated the incumbent leader Brendan Nelson.
Background.
The Liberal-National coalition led by Prime Minister John Howard was defeated at the 2007 federal election by the Australian Labor Party led by Kevin Rudd. In the aftermath, Brendan Nelson was elected leader in an ensuing ballot, in a 45-42 vote against former Minister for the Environment, Malcolm Turnbull.
Nelson's leadership came under intense pressure throughout 2008. Newspoll polling in February 2008 set a record low "Preferred Prime Minister" rating for any opposition leader at 9 percent, with March polling setting another record of 7 percent, with two party preferred setting another Newspoll record at 37-63 percent. In response to increased speculation about his leadership Nelson commented in April that he "will keep fighting and standing up for everyday Australians."
Support for Nelson as leader within the Liberal Party had all but collapsed by the end of July 2008, in part due to repeated gaffes on emissions trading and climate change. Expected to challenge him was either Peter Costello or Malcolm Turnbull, upon the release of Costello's book, "The Costello Memoirs". Costello stated he would not be making any move for the Liberal leadership, but media outlets capitalised on Costello's failure to categorically rule out any future leadership challenge. Some MPs said he "still remained ready to assume the leadership later in the electoral cycle".

</doc>
<doc id="19326894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326894" title="Saint Vincent's Academy of Apalit Pampanga Inc.">
Saint Vincent's Academy of Apalit Pampanga Inc.

Saint Vincent's Academy of Apalit, Pampanga, Inc. , formerly known as Saint Vincent's Child Study Center, is a non-sectarian school founded in 1985 through the efforts of the late Ms. Magdalene E. Lugue.
History.
The school started only with 18 pupils in the pre-elementary education under the advisorship of Mrs. Melania Mendoza-Quiroz, the first educator who rendered her service to the school. In the year 2001, the elementary course experienced difficulty how to house the growing population until many classrooms were put up. The school reached its goal with the support of the people who dedicated a part of their lives in the institution. They were the former teachers and the present faculty members of the school who contributed and who are contributing much to its progress. The greatest achievement of the school is the high school department and this is realized by the late administratrix Mrs. Aurora Lugue-Sarmiento, the younger sister of the foundress.
With the growing responsibilities in the school should be attended, Mr. Eduardo V. Lugue one of the faculty members was promoted as the principal of the High School Department.
St. Vincent's Academy of Apalit, Pampanga, Inc. is ideally located in the semi-urban area where it is surrounded by fruit-bearing trees that provides shade to the pupils. It is attended in the border of San Vicente and San Juan (Poblacion). From the east, it is half a kilometer away from the municipal hall, periculture center and from the west, is the Apalit Public Market. The school can be reached via the Apalit Municipal road from the MacArthur Highway and the Apalit Poblacion. The institution is well known in the whole town of Apalit, San Simon, Sto. Domingo, Minalin, Macabebe, Masantol, Pampanga and Calumpit, Bulacan.

</doc>
<doc id="19326896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326896" title="Schwules Museum">
Schwules Museum

The Schwules Museum (Gay Museum) is an LGBT museum in Berlin which opened in 1985.
History and Mission.
The impetus for the founding of the Schwules Museum was a successful exhibition on gay topics at the Berlin Museum (Märkisches Museum) in summer 1984, "Eldorado". This was the first public exposition in Germany of recent research on gay life. In 1985 the organisation "Verein der Freunde eines Schwulen Museums in Berlin e.V." was founded and opened its own museum dedicated exclusively to LGBT topics at Mehringdamm 61 in the Kreuzberg district. The museum is located above a gay nightclub and is the world's first gay museum.
Since December 2004, the permanent exhibition has been "Selbstbewusstsein und Beharrlichkeit. 200 Jahre schwule Geschichte" ("Self-Awareness and Endurance: 200 Years of Gay History"). It depicts the strategies, options and problems of homosexuals in seeking to live a self-determined life, find others and organise networks in the period from 1790 to 1990. In association with this theme, the social and legal background is presented, such as the anti-gay Paragraph 175 of the German lawcode and the associated marginalisation, persecution and criminalisation of homosexuality as well as the successes of the gay rights movement.
As an adjunct to this, the museum mounts several temporary exhibitions every year. These include historical exhibitions illuminating particular periods or historical developments, such as "Goodbye to Berlin. 100 Jahre Schwulenbewegung" ("Goodbye to Berlin: 100 Years of the Gay Rights Movement" - 1997). The exhibition "Verfolgung homosexueller Männer in Berlin 1933 – 45" ("Persecution of Homosexual Men in Berlin 1933–45"), in collaboration with the Sachsenhausen Memorial, dealt with the experience of gays in the Nazi era.
The museum also holds series of exhibitions on groups and organisations, such as Der Kreis ("The Circle") and Gesellschaft für Reform des Sexualrechts ("Society for the Reform of Sexual Law") and on individuals. A continuing series of homages to gays in public life has included Oscar Wilde, Marlene Dietrich, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Michel Foucault and Thomas Mann.
The museum archive houses periodicals going back to 1896 and a collection of photographs, videos, films, sound recordings, autographs, art works, and ephemera. The library currently contains approximately 10,000 books on homosexuality.
In December 2009 the museum received its first allocation of public money, a two-year grant from the cultural funds of the Berlin Senate, and declared that this would make possible a planned broadening of its focus to encompass other alternative sexual identities other than male homosexuality, above all lesbian and transgender.

</doc>
<doc id="19326911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326911" title="Toyota Corolla Levin and Toyota Sprinter Trueno">
Toyota Corolla Levin and Toyota Sprinter Trueno

The Toyota Corolla Levin and the Toyota Sprinter Trueno are small almost identical, lightweight compact sports cars made by Toyota from 1972 to 2000. Levin in Old English means lightning and Trueno in Spanish means thunder. In Japan, the Corolla Levin was exclusive to "Toyota Corolla Store" locations, and the Sprinter Trueno was exclusive to "Toyota Auto Store" locations, later renamed "Toyota Vista Store" in 1980.
TE27 Series (1972–1974).
The first Corolla Levin and Trueno Sprinter of early 1972 were the high performance models of Corolla and Sprinter 2 door fastback coupe. They were powered by the 1.6 liter 2T-G Twincam engine with two double Mikuni carburettors and mated to a 5 speed manual transmission.
TE47, TE51, TE55, TE61, TE62 & TE65 Series (1974–1979).
With the second generation of the Levin and Trueno Sprinter there was a clearer difference between the two through design. Though based on the same shell the whole nose design differed totally with the Levin (TE51 & TE55) having an aggressive forward raked design while the Trueno Sprinter (TE47, TE61, TE62 & TE65) had a sleeker and more curved design.
In contrast to it's predecessor this second generation of Levin and Trueno Sprinter was offered with a much wider array of engines and trim. Engines ranged from the base 1.2 litre 3K engine with 64hp to a family of 1.6 litre 2T engines with both OHV head offering 85hp to the range-topping 2T-G engine with DOHC head also used in the previous TE27 with 115hp from two double Mikuni carburettors and later with 110hp from the 2T-GEU engine with a Bosch K-Jetronic EFi system. Six different trim levels were offered right from the base DX over the XL, ST, GS, SR and finally the sporty GT.
TE71 Series (1979–1983).
Although the sporty Corolla and Sprinter available as 2 door Sedan, 2 door Hardtop, 3 door Coupe, and 3 door Liftback, the Corolla Levin and Sprinter Trueno were only produced as 3 door Coupe. Trim levels for the Japanese models were Base, S, and GT APEX, all with 2T-G engine. In the USA, the Corolla Levin was sold as SR5 with 1.8 liter 3T engine.
AE85/86 Series (1983–1987).
In this generation, the Corolla Levin came with fixed rectangular headlights which distinguished from the Sprinter Trueno with retractable headlights. However, the American Corolla SR5 and GT-S also had retractable headlights the same as Japanese Trueno, but with longer bumpers to meet the US Federal standards.
Engine
AE91/92 Series (1987–1991).
Like the previous generation, the Corolla Levin and Sprinter Trueno have different headlight styles. Again, American Corolla Coupe SR5 and GT-S adopted retractable headlights like the Trueno. This is the last generation of Corolla Coupe in America. The SR5 was powered by 4A-F engine, the GT-S came with high performance 4A-GE engine, while the GT-Z came with a 4A-GZE engine. Earlier GT-Zs were equipped with DLI and an AFM sensor while later versions would change to a MAP, oil squirters on the 4A block and a set of forged pistons.
AE100/101 Series (1991–1995).
Engine
AE110/111 series (1995–2000).
Pre Facelift
Facelift Model
Engine
The BZ-R variant featured a 6 speed manual transmission, LSD, bigger front rotors, ABS, improved calipers, a taller rear spoiler and Super Strut Suspension (SS) all of which could be added to the BZ-G and BZ-V models as factory options. This is the last series where the Levin/Trueno name was used.

</doc>
<doc id="19326920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326920" title="Ratko Čolić">
Ratko Čolić

Ratko Čolić (Serbian Cyrillic: Paткo Чoлић; 17 March 1918 – 30 October 1999) was a Serbian footballer who was part of Yugoslavia national football team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19326938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326938" title="Communauté de communes de la Région d'Audruicq">
Communauté de communes de la Région d'Audruicq

The Communauté de communes de la Région d’Audruicq was created on December 29, 1993 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 15 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19326947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326947" title="Nozdrzec">
Nozdrzec

Nozdrzec (, "Nizdrets’") is a village in Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nozdrzec. It lies approximately north-east of Brzozów and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,300.
Nozdrzec is a big village placed in the south-eastern Poland in province Podkarpackie.
Village is the major city of the municipality Nozdrzec. According to the data from 30 June 2004 8,582 people lived in the municipality.
Municipality include 10 smaller villages as Hłudno, Huta Poręby, Izdebki, Izdebki-Rudawiec, Siedliska, Ujazdy-Ryta Górka, Wara, Wesoła, Wołodź.
History.
Nozdrzec formerly called as Nieczujow already existed in the fifteenth century.
First mentioned in 1436 when Margaret of city Dynów had conflict with Nicholas Kmit Castellan of Przemysl. Village was listed as one of the many villages belonging to the goods of city Dynów at this time. 
Nozdrzec, have one own Palace calling as mansion of Skrzynscy, which probably was the fortified manor.
During World War I, 15 November 1915, Village Nozdrzec was burned up together with the mansion of Skrzyńscy by the Russian army. Then, around 1920, was rebuilt with minor changes.
During the Second World War in 1940. People did established here ZWZAK war institution. Included Nozdrzec-Wesola-Hłudno villages. Institution contained 50 people. And was led by Lt. Casimir Chrzan ps. Joseph, and Francis Dudek alias Oak with Chaplain Fr. Stanislaus Buczek and Major. Fr. John Haligowskiego alias Hansel/Quiet. Forming part of the Second Battalion Brzozowski led under command of Ensign Józef Florczak.
At the May 25, 1943, those 50 people organized branch attack under the command of Joseph Maciołka - Commander of AK (Pol. AK-Armia Krajowa- Home army) Rzeszow. They did carried out an attack on the German forces which appropriated the Nozdrzec Palace. German forces did left the area soon after the attack.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19326952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326952" title="Alan Hargesheimer">
Alan Hargesheimer

Alan Robert Hargesheimer is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in parts of four seasons between and for three different teams. Since his retirement, Hargesheimer has worked as a scout for several teams, including the Detroit Tigers and San Diego Padres.

</doc>
<doc id="19326953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326953" title="Tamara Anna Cislowska">
Tamara Anna Cislowska

Tamara Anna Cislowska (born 1977) is an Australian concert pianist and chamber musician. She has performed across most of the world, including the United States, United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, Germany, Colombia, Greece, The Netherlands and Poland, and has associated with the Philharmonia, the London Philharmonic and Romanian Philharmonic orchestras as well as all six major Australian symphonies.
Cislowska was taught the rudiments of the piano by her mother, Neta Maugham, a piano teacher. She emerged as a child prodigy, giving her first public performance at age two. She began recording material for ABC Radio at three years of age. Her mother then sent her to a different teacher, Nancy Salas, because she felt her daughter was copying her own students' idiosyncracies too well. She won the 1991 ABC Symphony Australia Young Performers Awards, Australia's most prestigious classical music award, at the age of 14, becoming the youngest pianist ever to do so. 
She has received a number of awards and honors for her work and has been a major prizewinner at several international piano competitions, including the Rovere d'Oro, Maria Callas and National World Power. Her work has received three nominations for ARIA awards for "Best Classical Release".
Cislowska's recordings include five solo albums on the Artworks label, including "The Enchanted Isle", "The Persian Hours" and "The Russians". She has contributed to albums with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra and the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
As a recitalist she has performed at the Purcell Room in London, the Concert Hall of the Sydney Opera House, the Kleine Zaal of the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam and in New York at the Frick Collection and Carnegie Hall.
Family.
Her mother, Neta Maughan AM, is an accomplished piano teacher. The Australian opera singer Eva Mylott (1875–1920), grandmother of Mel Gibson, was a relative of Cislowska's family.

</doc>
<doc id="19326963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326963" title="Gauzelin of Toul">
Gauzelin of Toul

Gauzelin (died 962) was a French bishop of Toul.
He was from a noble Frankish family, and made his way at court as a notary in the royal chancery. The king Charles the Simple made him bishop of Toul, and he was consecrated on 17 March 922.
After the damage caused by Danish and Hungarian invasions, Gauzelin was a reforming bishop in his diocese, and founder of a number of monasteries. Among them was the Abbey of Bouxières-aux-Dames (935-6), closely associated with his family, and where he was buried.
Nancy Cathedral preserves a number of objects associated with him. He is a Catholic saint.

</doc>
<doc id="19326995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326995" title="Circus (Britney Spears album)">
Circus (Britney Spears album)

Circus is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears, released on December 2, 2008, by Jive Records. Looking to transition from her "darker and more urban" fifth studio album "Blackout" (2007), Spears wanted to make her next project "a little bit lighter", incorporating pop and dance-pop styles. Spears recorded the record during the summer of 2008, after her much-publicized personal struggles saw her placement under a temporary conservatorship earlier that year. As executive producers, Larry Rudolph and Teresa LaBarbera Whites enlisted collaborators including Spears' longtime colleague Max Martin and Danja.
Upon its release, "Circus" received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who complimented its production but were ambivalent towards its lyrical content. It debuted atop the US "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of over 505,000 copies, and topped charts in nine additional countries. The record eventually exceeded sales of 4.5 million copies and 15 million digital tracks, in doing so becoming Spears' biggest-selling consecutive album since her fourth studio album "In the Zone" (2003). The project was promoted through a series of television performances and Spears' fifth concert tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears. The latter generated controversy during the Australian leg after accusations of lip-syncing surfaced.
Four singles were released from the album, several of which became international successes. Its lead single "Womanizer" peaked atop the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and registered as the largest jump to the top of the chart after debuting at number ninety-six. It became Spears's best-selling song in the country since "...Baby One More Time", and gained a Grammy Award nomination for Best Dance Recording. The second and third singles "Circus" and "If U Seek Amy" peaked at numbers three and nineteen in the country, respectively. Consequentially, "Circus" became Spears's second album after her debut effort "...Baby One More Time" (1999) to have two top ten singles and her first to have two top five hits and three top-twenty hits in the United States along with five charting songs on the Hot 100.
Background and development.
During the summer of 2008, it was confirmed that Spears was in the process of recording her sixth studio album. With the album's announcement came the additional confirmation of the involvement of producers Sean Garrett, Guy Sigsworth, Danja and Bloodshy & Avant. During its development, Garrett and vocal producer Jim Beanz complimented Spears's work ethic after her much-publicized personal struggles the previous year.
Spears chose to write much of the material for the album and worked to develop a more pop-influenced record with collaborators she had worked with earlier in her career. She stated that "Circus" marked the longest time she had spent recording an album, adding, "I think it is more urban [...] I’m writing every day, right here at the piano in this living room" and also described the album as her best work to date.
Producer Claude Kelly discussed the album's initial lack of concept saying, "When I went in with Luke we knew we were going to maybe write something for , but there was no concept, it was just knowing her style and knowing what she does. Max Martin, who produced Britney's first hit "...Baby One More Time", produced "If U Seek Amy" for the album. The Outsyders, an Atlanta-based production team, produced the album's first single, while Fernando Garibay worked on two bonus songs for Spears. Danja reported that he worked on the tracks at Chalice Recording Studios in Los Angeles, and Spears recorded them at Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank; the Canadian trio Let's Go to War co-wrote and produced the track "Mmm Papi". Lil Jon, Rodney Jerkins, Sean Garrett, and Taio Cruz, announced they were working with Spears, though their tracks are not included on the official track listing.
Spears commented of the album's title, "I like the fact that you're always on the edge of your seat when you're at a circus. You're never bored [...] You're just really engulfed in what's going on around you. And you want to know what's going to happen next." The album shared a release date with the similarly titled album "The Circus" by British group Take That. "Circus" was initially scheduled to be released worldwide on December 2, 2008, on Spears's 27th birthday. However, after unauthorized online leaks, imeem began streaming the album from their website on November 25.
Composition.
"Circus" has been described as a sequel to Spears's fifth album "Blackout", taking influence from pop genres, including electropop and dance. She described the album as "lighter" than "Blackout", which was more urban sounding. Its "fiery" and "confrontational" lyrics have been also compared to those of its predecessor. The album has been compared to the works of Janet Jackson, Eurythmics, New Order and the songwriting of Prince, Leiber & Stoller and Phil Spector. "Circus" incorporates themes that were acknowledged in Spears's earlier work. "Circus" and "Kill the Lights" discuss fame, which was previously seen in "Piece of Me", while "Womanizer" and "Shattered Glass" talk about a womanizing man.
"Circus" opens with its lead single "Womanizer". It features synth sirens with a repetitive chorus, and lyrically discusses a cheating man; it was described by Spears as a girl anthem. "Circus" addresses her feelings as an entertainer and performing, highlighted in the lines "All eyes on me in the centre of the ring just like a circus / When I crack that whip everybody gonna trip just like a circus". Its electronic dance elements were compared to those of Spears's earlier single "Break the Ice". The ballad "Out from Under" incorporates acoustic guitar backings, and has gathered comparisons to her track "I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman". "Kill the Lights" is a dance-pop song that talks about Spears's conflict with paparazzi. Critics noted similarities to the works of Madonna. as well as Spears's own "Piece of Me". "Shattered Glass" utilizes dark electronic beats and details a non-repairable relationship.
"If U Seek Amy" integrates "glam-rave" elements with traditional pop styles; it gained controversy for its double entendre, where the title sounds phonetically like "F-U-C-K me". The synthpop track "Unusual You" deals with a woman finding unexpected love. It has been compared to musical themes from the 1980s and 1990s, and has been noted as a "pulsating ballad", with the song also drawing comparisons to the "shimmering waterfall mood first popularized by Janet Jackson". "Blur" sees the inclusion of urban influences, and lyrically recalls the morning after a party with lyrics "Can't remember what I did last night/I gotta get my head right, where the hell am I? Who are you? What'd we do last night?"; it drew similarities to Spears's prior song "Early Mornin". "Mmm Papi" draws elements from a 1960s go-go rock guitar and Latin-pop dance hall themes. Despite its "fun" nature, it was criticized for appearing to "revisit the Lolita persona of ""…Baby One More Time"". It has been suggested that its lyrics deal with either Spears's father Jamie or paparazzi Adnan Ghalib. "Mannequin" is a dance-pop song with a trip hop influence; while being noted for its "risky" and "futuristic" nature, it has also been suggested that Spears's vocals sounded "lifeless". "Lace and Leather" gained comparisons to ""Control" era Janet Jackson", Prince, and Vanity 6's works from the 1980s and featured a then-unknown Kesha as a backing vocalist. "My Baby", described as having a "faux-Janet Jackson vocal", was written by Spears about her two sons Sean Preston Federline and Jayden James Federline, and closes the album.
Singles.
"Womanizer" was released on September 26, 2008 as the album's lead single. The song was met with positive response from critics, who complimented its hook and empowering lyrics and deemed it as a return of form and a "comeback" single for Spears. Womanizer debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number ninety-six before jumping the next week to number one. The song broke the record for the largest leap to any position. The record was later broken by Kelly Clarkson's "My Life Would Suck Without You". The song is considered one of Spears's biggest hits and has been covered by several other artists. "Womanizer" has sold over 3,200,000 digital downloads in the United States. The music video premiered on October 18, 2008 as a sequel to that of her 2004 hit single "Toxic". It portrays Spears as a woman who disguises herself in different costumes and follows her boyfriend through his daily activities to expose him in the end.
"Circus" was released on December 4, 2008 as the album's second single, a day earlier than planned due to unauthorized leaks. It debuted and peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Circus" has sold over 2,763,000 digital downloads in the United States. The accompanying music video portrays Spears as a ringleader of a circus accompanied by different performers, and features scenes of Spears in different circus settings. The video received positive reviews from critics, but was criticized for featuring "cruelly trained animals", however claims were dismissed. It won a Best Video award on Fuse TV.
"If U Seek Amy" was released on March 10, 2009 as the album's third single. Sharon Dastur of Z100 stated that Spears had recorded a new version of the song and the new edit would be provided by Jive Records. The Parents Television Council (PTC) threatened to file indecency complaints with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) against any station that played the song between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. The song peaked at number nineteen on the Hot 100. The music video was released on March 12, 2009, and depicts Spears poking fun at American culture.
"Radar" was originally included on "Blackout" and to be released as its fourth single. However, its release was canceled when Spears began work on "Circus", and was instead released as a promotional single in 2008. "Radar" was included as a bonus track on "Circus" and was released as the album's fourth and final single on June 23, 2009. The music video portrays Spears as an aristocrat at a polo mansion involved in a love triangle with two men who are polo players. "Radar" originally entered the "Billboard" Digital songs chart at number fifty-two due to digital downloads from "Blackout" and after being confirmed as a single entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number ninety and then peaked the following week at number eighty-eight.
Promotion.
To promote the album, Jive Records set up a hotline where fans could leave a message for Spears, some of which received a return phone call from her. Some songs were previewed through the website of the New York radio station WKTU and Amazon.com. MTV aired a 90-minute documentary, "", on November 30, 2008, documenting her return to her career. In May 2009, Jive's official website held a Britney Spears Global Fan-Fiction Contest, which required a fan to submit a 200-word story based on one of the songs from "Circus". The public were allowed to vote for their favorite short story which would be produced into an animated music video. The winning story was based on the song "Kill the Lights"; the video premiered on July 27, 2009.
Spears's live comeback began on November 6, 2008 with a cameo appearance at the Dodger Stadium show of Madonna's Sticky & Sweet Tour. Midway through the performance of "Human Nature", Spears joined Madonna on stage. The week prior to the album's release, Spears performed in several countries as part of the Circus Promo Tour. On November 27, 2008, Spears performed "Womanizer" live at the Bambi Awards in Offenburg, Germany, where she received an award for "Best Pop International Artist". In addition, she performed the song on Star Academy (France) the following day, and performed "Womanizer" on "The X Factor" in the United Kingdom on November 29. Her performance on "The X Factor" was watched by an average of 11,880,000 UK citizens. Spears premiered her second single "Circus" on the Big Apple Circus at the "Good Morning America" in New York, and also performed "Womanizer" on December 2, 2008 which coincides with her 27th birthday and the release of the album. On December 16, 2008, she performed on NTV Japan's-3000 "Best Artist of 2008".
The Circus Starring Britney Spears.
While performing on "Good Morning America" on December 2, 2008, Spears announced her fifth worldwide concert tour, titled The Circus Starring Britney Spears. She first revealed the first leg of 25 dates in the United States and two in the United Kingdom. Her longtime manager, Larry Rudolf stated that the tour would "blow people's minds and promises to show Britney's fans something they will never forget", later adding, "she goes full-speed the whole show — about an hour and a half. It's pretty intense. This is a full-blown, full-out Britney Spears show, It is everything everybody expects from her — and more!" Spears also expressed excitement in including songs from "Blackout" into the setlist, as she did not tour to promote it. The tour began on March 3, 2009 in New Orleans' New Orleans Arena and finished in Adelaide's Adelaide Entertainment Centre. There were four legs of the tour, visiting North America twice, and others being Europe and Australia. The stage was composed of three rings and set in-the-round to resemble an actual circus. Fashion designers Dean and Dan Caten created the costumes. A giant cylinder screen was set above the stage to showcase videos and backdrops. Effects were provided by Solotech. The set list was composed generally from her albums "In the Zone", "Blackout" and "Circus". In June 2009, Britney announced she would tour Australia for the first time; she was also rumored to tour South America, though her manager Adam Leber denied this despite their efforts to do so.
Controversy arose during the Australian leg of the tour after several fans walked out of the performances due to Spears's alleged "lip-synching"; such claims were later denied by Spears's management and promoters. The tour was ranked as the fourth highest grossing tour of the year in North America, becoming the highest grossing tour of the year by a solo artist. In February 2010, Pollstar released their Top 50 Worldwide Concert Tours of 2009. The tour ranked as the fifth highest-grossing tour, worldwide, of the year, with a gross of $131.8 million. In May 2010, "Hollyscoop" ranked the tour at the fifth position in their 15 Most Profitable Female Tours Ever list.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Circus" received generally favorable reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, "Circus" received an average score of 64, based on 22 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Stephen Thomas Erlewine provided a favorable review, describing it as a "friendly remake of the hedonistic "Blackout"", but preferred its predecessor for being more "sleek or addictive" than "Circus". Genevieve Koski of "The A.V. Club" appreciated that Spears appeared to "put some real effort into her "Circus" performances", rather than seeming "flat-sounding" as she felt "Blackout" had. Writing for Digital Spy, Nick Levine opined that Spears "sounds more confident" than she had on "Blackout". While Chris Willman from "Entertainment Weekly" appreciated the overall production of "Circus", he was critical of Spears' recently established pattern of "putting out albums with titles that promise more self-revelation than she's ultimately able to provide."
Robert Christgau gave "Circus" a two-star honorable mention (), stating that it was "still fun more often than not". Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" expressed his enjoyment of the "crisp" material that incorporated "catchy melodic interludes". Caryn Ganz from "Rolling Stone" opined that the "clubby, adventurous pop" included on the album could have been a satisfactory successor to her fourth album "In the Zone" (2003). Writing for "USA Today", Steve Jones applauded Spears for being "resilient" and "who she is as a singer" and not "[wasting time searching for artistic direction or overthinking her appeal." "The Village Voice" considered it "no better or worse than Janet Jackson's dominatrix-lite "Discipline"."
Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian" gave a more mixed review, suggesting that Spears appeared "frequently sounds disconnected, even a bit bored" throughout the record, whereas "Blackout" was a "relentless, risky album made by a woman whose obituary was apparently being prepared by Associated Press." A writer for "The Independent" gave a negative review, opining that Spears' vocal delivery sounded emotionless in mid-tempo and ballad-paced tracks. Slant Magazine's Eric Henderson shared a similar sentiment, suggesting that the album's "self-actualization" gave off a "hollow" feel through the majority of the record. Ann Powers from "Los Angeles Times" felt that "Circus" served as a "bang-up job" of stating that "Spears is still a young woman trying to manage an impossible situation." Writing for "NME", Hamish MacBain was disappointed that "Spears is quite simply rubbish at being sexy", adding that "Circus" is the "umpteenth attempt to 
turn the perceived chaos of Britney’s transitition to adulthood – she’s 27 next week! – into sleazy, raunchy, dirrty adult-pop product."
Commercial performance.
"Circus" debuted atop the US "Billboard" 200, with first-week sales of over 505,000 copies. It earned Spears a place in the 2010 "Guinness Book of World Records" for being the youngest female artist in history to have five albums debut at number one. The album became the sixth-fastest consecutive selling album of 2008. The album has spent nine weeks in the top 10, making it Spears's longest-running top 10 album since "Oops!... I Did It Again", which spent twenty-three weeks in the top 10 in 2000. "Circus" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on January 29, 2009. According to Nielsen SoundScan, as of December 2011, the album has sold 1.7 million copies in the United States. With over 51,000 units sold, the album opened at number-one in the Canadian Albums Chart, her best sales effort since "Oops!... I Did It Again", which sold 95,000 copies in May 2000. In less than a month, "Circus" became the ninth best-selling album of 2008, with 143,000 copies, and one of the top ten selling digital albums of the same year with over 10,100 downloads. In March 2009, "Circus" was certified 3× platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association, denoting 240,000 shipped copies to retailers. In Mexico, the album debuted at the top of the international chart and at number three in the overall chart, selling over 46,000 copies and going gold in its first week.
In Oceania, the album was a top 10 success, debuting at number three in Australia and being certified Platinum after three weeks for shipments of 70,000 units. It has since gone on to be certified 2× platinum for shipments of 140,000 units. In the United Kingdom the album debuted and peaked at number 4 in the United Kingdom albums chart spending thirty-one weeks on the chart. The album was certified Platinum in the United Kingdom. In France the album sold 18,319 copies in its first two days of release, debuting at number five on the French Weekly Album Charts. In Asia the album charted in the Japanese Oricon albums chart peaking at number 5 on the albums chart and gaining a Gold certification.
Despite not being released as singles, several songs from "Circus" appeared on "Billboard"s component charts after the album's release. "Shattered Glass", peaked at number seventy on "Billboard" Hot 100, higher than the album's fourth single "Radar". It peaked at number twenty-nine on U.S. Hot Digital Songs, while peaking at number thirty-six on Canadian Hot Digital Songs. The song also entered the Pop 100 chart, peaking at number fifty-seven. "Lace and Leather" peaked at number eighty-four on "Billboard" Pop 100, while "Mmm Papi" peaked at number ninety-four on the same chart. "Out from Under" also charted in Sweden. The song debuted at number forty on the week of August 14, 2009, reaching number thirty-two on the following. It stayed on the chart for five weeks.
Track listing.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Circus".
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from AllMusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19326997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19326997" title="Communauté de communes de la Morinie">
Communauté de communes de la Morinie

The Communauté de communes de la Morinie was created on December 29, 1993 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 9 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19327018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327018" title="A.S.D. Castiglione">
A.S.D. Castiglione

Associazione Sportiva Dilenttantistica Castiglione is an Italian association football club located in Castiglione di Sicilia, Sicily.The team's colors are white and orange.
History.
Foundation.
ASD Castiglione Calcio was founded in 1946, when a group of locals opted to put together a team, then known as "Castiglione Calcio". The team was not officially entered into the Italian Lega Calcio in its early years, but did take part in local friendlies, and Sicilian tournaments. The team often took place in the Trofeo Catanese, which included Calcio Catania, US Siracusa, S.S.D. Acireale Calcio 1946, Unione Sportiva Ragusa, and A.C.R.D. Acicatena.
Story.
After its foundation in the late 1940s Castiglione Calcio was officially entered into the Italian Lega Calcio a few years later, and began to play its football within the amateur divisions of the Italian League set-up. Following the newly installed format of the Lega Calcio, Castiglione Calcio was placed in the Seconda Categoria, and was renamed A.S.D. Castiglione Calcio. For the 2003–2004 season, the club was led by coach Nino Brunetto and the club's current leadership decided to remain in command of the team, leaving the balance unchanged. Castiglione demonstrated that they were ready to climb up the Italian League, as the club won the Seconda Categoria title by one point over Roccalumera.
Following their promotion to the Prima Categoria, Castiglione, changed coaches, as Gaetano Mirto took over the helm. Castiglione spent the bulk of the 2004–2005 season, high up in the Prima Categoria table, and on the final match day was promoted again, leaving a bitter taste in the mouths of Linguaglossa Calcio, who would now remain in the Italian 8th tier.
Following their promotion to Promozione, the 7th tier of Italian football, Castiglione made few changes to the team, but drafted several players, under the advise of coach Mirto. Following the dilemma of financial issues that nearly cost the team its place with the Promozione, the club launched and did not stop. Coming to the conclusion of yet another impressive season, Mirto found his team just two points adrift of Fiumefreddo Calcio. The Eastern Sicilian club won the play-off contest in Pozzallo Plagonia 1–0 in extra ends and the team won promotion to Eccellenza. During the season the club also participated in the Coppa Italia, but was eliminated in the second round. Youth coach Antonino Tedesco led the Castiglione "Primavera" youth squad to a second place finish in the Junior Championship and also and Provincial Group win.
Now in Eccellenza, the club again nearly dropped out due to economic problems which postponed the decision to enter the team until the last minute. The club officially remained in the division, and the coach Mirto remained. He put together a team of youth supported by several players of more experience, who remained with the club. After a positive start, and a solid mid-season position, Mirto found his team in the play-outs, after a late season stumble. After the final contest of the season, Castiglione met Plagonia Spadaforese in the play-outs. After holding a better seasonal head to head record, Castiglione had the advantage and a 0–0 draw allowed the club to remain in Eccellenza. In the same year the regional final of the Coppa Italia also took place. The "Primavera" also won the regional final beating teams like Palazzolo, Fiumefreddo and Nissa. On the national stage the juniors were defeated for the first time in the second round by Pianura.
Castiglione had another string of good performances during Eccellenza 2007–2008, as the club would dominate the league, and hence gain promotion to Serie D. The conquest to Serie D by a small central club like Castiglione di Sicilia, was extraordinary. No one could suppose that the exceptional escalation, in a few years, would bring the Castiglione from the Seconda Categoria up to the highest levels of the Lega Calcio amateur football with three consecutive promotions (Seconda Categoria to Eccellenza) and after a salvation won the play-out, and then, winning Eccellenza Sicilia to earn promotion again. The club's exceptional exploits were very much equally divided between companies, the technical staff, and team environment. The club's two presidents, Carmelo Ginardi and Giovanni Zumbo, Nino Mollica, and head coach Gaetano Mirto, all remained with the club for its Serie D adventure.
For the Serie D adventure, ASD Castiglione Calcio started off well, but soon dropped down the table, and by the end of the season was fighting for salvation. Their efforts were not enough, and the club finished second from bottom in the Serie D G/I table and was relegated back down to the Eccellenza. The league was won however by fellow Sicilians, US Siracusa.
Castiglione came back down to the amateur divisions for the 2009–2010 season, but will fight for re-promotion with longtime coach Gaetano Mirto.

</doc>
<doc id="19327028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327028" title="Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences">
Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences

Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences was established on November 19, 1983 as an autonomous organisation on the pattern of All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi. The estimated budget was 110 Crore rupees which was later revised to 133 Crores. It is one of the main health care institutions in the state of Bihar. It is the only superspecialist institute of Bihar. The institute provides education in medicine and conducts health and medicinal research.It got affiliation of medical college from MCI in September 2011. It has 100 MBBS seat. First batch started from October 2011.It is 3rd medical college in patna and 10th in bihar.
It is recognised to provide degree of MBBS, MD, MS, M.Ch, DM, DNB and various paramedical degrees. On July 12,2013, Medical Council of India (MCI) granted permission to IGIMS, Patna, to admit 100 students for its MBBS course in academic session 2013-14.
Clinical Departments.
Following Clinical Departments are functional at IGIMS :

</doc>
<doc id="19327034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327034" title="Turn the Tide (Sylver song)">
Turn the Tide (Sylver song)

"Turn the Tide" is the title of a song written by Regi Penxten and recorded Belgian trance group Sylver. The song was produced in Belgium from Little Major Productions. In Belgium, the song was released under the name Liquid feat. Silvy. The song is chapter of the Album Chances and in French as Je ne sais pas of the Album Little Things as a ghost track to the end of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19327048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327048" title="Miodrag Jovanović (footballer born 1922)">
Miodrag Jovanović (footballer born 1922)

Miodrag "Minda" Jovanović (; 17 January 1922 – 14 December 2009) was a Serbian footballer who was part of the Yugoslav squad at the 1950 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="19327051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327051" title="Discovery and exploration of the Solar System">
Discovery and exploration of the Solar System

Discovery and exploration of the Solar System is observation, visitation, and increase in knowledge and understanding of Earth's "cosmic neighborhood". This includes the Sun, the Earth and its Moon, major planets including Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune, their satellites, as well as smaller bodies including comets, asteroids, and dust.
History.
For many thousands of years, civilizations, with a few notable exceptions, did not recognize the existence of the Solar System. It was believed the Earth to be stationary at the centre of the universe and categorically different from the divine or ethereal objects that moved through the sky. While the Indian mathematician-astronomer Aryabhata and the Greek philosopher Aristarchus of Samos had speculated on a heliocentric reordering of the cosmos, Nicolaus Copernicus first developed a mathematically predictive heliocentric system. His 17th-century successors Galileo Galilei, Johannes Kepler, and Isaac Newton developed an understanding of physics which led to the gradual acceptance of the idea that the Earth moves round the Sun and that the planets are governed by the same physical laws that governed the Earth. In more recent times, this led to the investigation of geological phenomena such as mountains and craters and seasonal meteorological phenomena such as clouds, dust storms and ice caps on the other planets.
Telescopic observations.
The first exploration of the Solar System was conducted by telescope, when astronomers first began to map those objects too faint to be seen with the naked eye.
Galileo Galilei was the first to discover physical details about the individual bodies of the Solar System. He discovered that the Moon was cratered, that the Sun was marked with sunspots, and that Jupiter had four satellites in orbit around it. Christiaan Huygens followed on from Galileo's discoveries by discovering Saturn's moon Titan and the shape of the rings of Saturn. Giovanni Domenico Cassini later discovered four more moons of Saturn, the Cassini division in Saturn's rings.
Edmond Halley realised in 1705 that repeated sightings of a comet were recording the same object, returning regularly once every 75–76 years. This was the first evidence that anything other than the planets orbited the Sun. Around this time (1704), the term "Solar System" first appeared in English.
In 1781, William Herschel was looking for binary stars in the constellation of Taurus when he observed what he thought was a new comet. Its orbit revealed that it was a new planet, Uranus, the first ever discovered.
Giuseppe Piazzi discovered Ceres in 1801, a small world between Mars and Jupiter that initially was considered a new planet. However, subsequent discoveries of thousands of other small worlds in the same region led to their eventual reclassification as asteroids.
By 1846, discrepancies in the orbit of Uranus led many to suspect a large planet must be tugging at it from farther out. Urbain Le Verrier's calculations eventually led to the discovery of Neptune. The excess perihelion precession of Mercury's orbit led Le Verrier to postulate the intra-Mercurian planet Vulcan in 1859, but that would turn out to be an irrelevant thesis.
While it is debatable when the Solar System was truly "discovered," three 19th century observations determined its nature and place in the universe beyond reasonable doubt. First, in 1838, Friedrich Bessel successfully measured a stellar parallax, an apparent shift in the position of a star created by the Earth's motion around the Sun. This was not only the first direct, experimental proof of heliocentrism, but also revealed, for the first time, the vast distance between our Solar System and the stars. Then, in 1859, Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff, using the newly invented spectroscope, examined the spectral signature of the Sun and discovered that it was composed of the same elements as existed on Earth, establishing for the first time a physical link between the Earth and the heavens. Then, Father Angelo Secchi compared the spectral signature of the Sun with those of other stars, and found them virtually identical. The realisation that the Sun was a star led to the hypothesis that other stars could have systems of their own, though this was not to be proven for nearly 140 years.
Further apparent discrepancies in the orbits of the outer planets led Percival Lowell to conclude that yet another planet, "Planet X", must lie beyond Neptune. After his death, his Lowell Observatory conducted a search which ultimately led to Clyde Tombaugh's discovery of Pluto in 1930. Pluto was, however, found to be too small to have disrupted the orbits of the outer planets, and its discovery was therefore coincidental. Like Ceres, it was initially considered to be a planet, but after the discovery of many other similarly sized objects in its vicinity it was reclassified in 2006 as a dwarf planet by the IAU.
In 1992, the first evidence of a planetary system other than our own was discovered, orbiting the pulsar PSR B1257+12. Three years later, 51 Pegasi b, the first extrasolar planet around a Sunlike star, was discovered. As of 2008, 221 extrasolar systems have been found.
Also in 1992, astronomers David C. Jewitt of the University of Hawaii and Jane Luu of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology discovered . This object proved to be the first of a new population, which became known as the Kuiper belt; an icy analogue to the asteroid belt of which such objects as Pluto and Charon were deemed a part.
Mike Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz announced the discovery of Eris in 2005, a scattered disc object larger than Pluto and the largest object discovered in orbit round the Sun since Neptune.
Observations by spacecraft.
Since the start of the Space Age, a great deal of exploration has been performed by robotic spacecraft missions that have been organized and executed by various space agencies.
All planets in the Solar System have now been visited to varying degrees by spacecraft launched from Earth. Through these unmanned missions, humans have been able to get close-up photographs of all the planets and, in the case of landers, perform tests of the soils and atmospheres of some.
The first artificial object sent into space was the Soviet satellite "Sputnik 1", launched in 1957, which successfully orbited the Earth until January 4 the following year. The American probe "Explorer 6", launched in 1959, was the first satellite to image the Earth from space.
Flybys.
The first successful probe to fly by another Solar System body was "Luna 1", which sped past the Moon in 1959. Originally meant to impact with the Moon, it instead missed its target and became the first artificial object to orbit the Sun. "Mariner 2" was the first probe to fly by another planet, Venus, in 1962. The first successful flyby of Mars was made by "Mariner 4" in 1965. "Mariner 10" first passed Mercury in 1974.
The first probe to explore the outer planets was "Pioneer 10", which flew by Jupiter in 1973. "Pioneer 11" was the first to visit Saturn, in 1979. The "Voyager" probes performed a grand tour of the outer planets following their launch in 1977, with both probes passing Jupiter in 1979 and Saturn in 1980 – 1981. "Voyager 2" then went on to make close approaches to Uranus in 1986 and Neptune in 1989. The "Voyager" probes are now far beyond Neptune's orbit, and are on course to find and study the termination shock, heliosheath, and heliopause. According to NASA, both "Voyager" probes have encountered the termination shock at a distance of approximately 93 AU from the Sun.
The first flyby of a comet occurred in 1985, when the International Cometary Explorer (ICE) passed by the comet Giacobini-Zinner, while the first flybys of asteroids were conducted by the "Galileo" space probe, which imaged both 951 Gaspra (in 1991) and 243 Ida (in 1993) on its way to Jupiter.
No Kuiper belt object has yet been visited by a spacecraft. Launched on January 19, 2006, the "New Horizons" probe is currently en route to becoming the first man-made spacecraft to explore this area. This unmanned mission is scheduled to fly by Pluto in July 2015. Should it prove feasible, the mission will then be extended to observe a number of other Kuiper belt objects.
As of 2011, American scientists are concerned that exploration beyond the Asteroid Belt will hampered by a shortage of Plutonium-238.
Orbiters, rovers and landers.
In 1966, the Moon became the first Solar System body beyond Earth to be orbited by an artificial satellite ("Luna 10"), followed by Mars in 1971 ("Mariner 9"), Venus in 1975 ("Venera 9"), Jupiter in 1995 ("Galileo"), the asteroid 433 Eros in 2000 ("NEAR Shoemaker"), Saturn in 2004 ("Cassini–Huygens"), and Mercury and Vesta in 2011 ("MESSENGER" and "Dawn" respectively). "Dawn" is currently set to orbit the asteroid–dwarf planet Ceres in 2015.
The first probe to land on another Solar System body was the Soviet "Luna 2" probe, which impacted the Moon in 1959. Since then, increasingly distant planets have been reached, with probes landing on or impacting the surfaces of Venus in 1966 ("Venera 3"), Mars in 1971 ("Mars 3", although a fully successful landing didn't occur until "Viking 1" in 1976), the asteroid 433 Eros in 2001 ("NEAR Shoemaker"), and Saturn's moon Titan ("Huygens") and the comet Tempel 1 ("Deep Impact") in 2005. The "Galileo" orbiter also dropped a probe into Jupiter's atmosphere in 1995; since Jupiter has no physical surface, it was destroyed by increasing temperature and pressure as it descended.
To date, only two worlds in the Solar System, the Moon and Mars, have been visited by mobile rovers. The first rover to visit another celestial body was the Soviet "Lunokhod 1", which landed on the Moon in 1970. The first to visit another planet was Sojourner, which travelled 500 metres across the surface of Mars in 1997. The only manned rover to visit another world was NASA's Lunar rover, which travelled with Apollos 15, 16 and 17 between 1971 and 1972.
Planetary exploration.
Overview of some missions to the Solar System.
See also the categories for missions to comets, asteroids, the Moon, and the Sun.
Manned exploration.
Manned exploration of the Solar System is currently confined to Earth's immediate environs. The first human being to reach space (defined as an altitude of over 100 km) and to orbit the Earth was Yuri Gagarin, a Soviet cosmonaut who was launched in "Vostok 1" on April 12, 1961. The first man to walk on the surface of another Solar System body was Neil Armstrong, who stepped onto the Moon on July 21, 1969 during the "Apollo 11" mission; five more Moon landings occurred through 1972. The United States' Space Shuttle, which debuted in 1981, is the only reusable spacecraft to successfully make multiple orbital flights. The five shuttles that have been built have flown a total of 121 missions, with two of the craft destroyed in accidents. The first orbital space station to host more than one crew was NASA's Skylab, which successfully held three crews from 1973 to 1974. The first true human settlement in space was the Soviet space station Mir, which was continuously occupied for close to ten years, from 1989 to 1999. It was decommissioned in 2001, and its successor, the International Space Station, has maintained a continuous human presence in space since then. In 2004, SpaceShipOne became the first privately funded vehicle to reach space on a suborbital flight. That year, U.S. President George W. Bush announced the Vision for Space Exploration, which called for a replacement for the aging Shuttle, a return to the Moon and, ultimately, a manned mission to Mars.
Exploration survey.
Selected examples of bodies visited by spacecraft exploration
Sample return.
See also: Meteorites and Cosmic dust

</doc>
<doc id="19327060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327060" title="Communauté de communes du Saint-Polois">
Communauté de communes du Saint-Polois

The Communauté de communes du Saint-Polois was created on December 28, 1995 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 43 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19327109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327109" title="Communauté de communes du Canton d'Hucqueliers et environs">
Communauté de communes du Canton d'Hucqueliers et environs

The Communauté de communes du Canton d’Hucqueliers et environs was created on December 27, 1996 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 24 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19327115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327115" title="HinterReggio Calcio">
HinterReggio Calcio

HinterReggio Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Reggio Calabria, Calabria. It currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione/B.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 2006 after the renaming of "Polisportiva Scillese", of which it kept the colors.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are white and blue.
Current squad.
"To see the players of the current team click here."

</doc>
<doc id="19327123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327123" title="Vision Guided Robotic Systems">
Vision Guided Robotic Systems

Introduction.
A Vision Guided Robot System comprises three core systems including robotic system, vision system, and component bulk handling system (hopper or conveyor system).
The vision system determines the position of randomly fed products onto a recycling conveyor system. The vision system and control software gives the robot exact coordinates of the components, which are spread out randomly beneath the camera field of vision, enabling the robot arm(s) to move to a selected component and pick from the conveyor belt. The conveyor, normally, stops under the camera where the position of the parts is determined. If the cycle time is short it is also possible to pick a component without stopping the conveyor. This is achieved by fitting an encoder to the conveyor and tracking the component through the vision software. 
This functionality is usually referred to as vision guided robotics (VGR). It is a fast growing technology and a way to reduce manpower and retain production, especially in countries with high manufacturing overheads and labour costs.
Vision systems for robot guidance.
A vision system comprises a camera and microprocessor or computer, with associated software. This is a very wide definition that can be used to cover many different types of systems which aim to solve a large variety of different tasks. Vision systems can be implemented in virtually any industry for any purpose. It can be used for quality control to check dimensions, angles, colour or surface structure-or for the recognition of an object as used in VGR systems.
A camera can be anything from a standard compact camera system with integrated vision processor to more complex laser sensors and high resolution high speed cameras. Combinations of several cameras to build up 3D images of an object are also available.
Limitations of a vision system.
There are always difficulties of integrated vision system to match the camera with the set expectations of the system, in most cases this is caused by lack of knowledge on behalf of the integrator or machine builder. Many vision systems can be applied successfully to virtually any production activity, as long as the user knows exactly how to set up system parameters. This set-up, however, requires a large amount of knowledge by the integrator and the number of possibilities can make the solution complex. Lighting in industrial environments can be another major downfall of many vision systems.
VGR systems Benefits.
Traditional automation means serial production with large batch sizes and limited flexibility. Complete automation lines are usually built up around a single product or possibly a small family of similar products that can run in the same production line. If a component is changed or if a complete new product is introduced, this usually causes large changes in the automation process-in most cases new component fixtures are required with time consuming set up procedures. If components are delivered to the process by traditional hoppers and vibrating feeders, new bowl feeder tooling or additional bowl feeder tops are required. It may be that different product must be manufactured on the same process line, the cost for pallets, fixtures and bowl feeders can often be a large part of the investment. Other areas to be considered are space constraints, storage of change parts, spare components, and changeover time between products.
VGR systems can run side-by-side with very little mechanical set up, in the most extreme cases a gripper change is the only requirement, and the need to position components to set pick-up position is eliminated. With its vision system and control software, it is possible for the VGR system to handle different types of components. Parts with various geometry, can be fed in any random orientation to the system and be picked and placed without any mechanical changes to the machine, resulting in quick changeover times. Other features and benefits of VGR system are:

</doc>
<doc id="19327141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327141" title="Robert Herbert, 12th Earl of Pembroke">
Robert Herbert, 12th Earl of Pembroke

Robert Henry Herbert, 12th Earl of Pembroke and 9th Earl of Montgomery (19 September 1791 – 25 April 1862) was a British nobleman in line for great estates and position as head of the distinguished Herbert family and heir to the earldom of Pembroke, but lived an irregular life in exile after a dissolute youth.
Biography.
Early years.
Herbert was born at Hill Street, London, the second (but eldest surviving) son of the 11th Earl of Pembroke by his first marriage to his first cousin, Elizabeth (d. 1793). She was the daughter of Topham Beauclerk by Lady Diana Beauclerk, dau. of Charles Spencer, 3rd Duke of Marlborough.
After education at Harrow School, Herbert made a disastrous clandestine marriage at the Butera Palace in Palermo in 1814. His bride was a Sicilian princess, Ottavia Spinelli (1779–1857), the recently widowed wife of the (much older) Prince Ercole Branciforte di Butera, and daughter of the Duke of Laurino.
Before the death of the Prince, the young Viscount Herbert had been the Princess's "cavaliere servente". His father attempted to have the marriage dissolved without success, but succeeded in persuading the Sicilian authorities to separate the parties. Accordingly Lord Herbert was imprisoned in a fortress and his wife in a convent. Herbert managed to escape, however, to Genoa and returned to England, where his father persuaded him to abandon the Princess. She promptly took a house in London under the name of Lady Herbert and brought a suit for restitution of conjugal rights in the English courts in 1819. The marriage was annulled and she was awarded £800 p.a., which it is said was later increased to £5,000, but Lord Herbert and the Princess never came together again. Neither did either ever remarry.
Exile.
Herbert succeeded to the titles on the death of his father in 1827 and took his seat in the House of Lords in 1833. Under a family agreement, his diligent younger half brother, the statesman Sidney Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Lea, took control of the family estates centred on Wilton House, Wiltshire. Subsequently by 1837 Herbert was living in Paris, where Lord Malmesbury wrote of him, "Lord Pembroke lives in great state in Paris, and is as famous for his cook as for his horses. He is a very handsome man."
He lived out his exile in the Place Vendôme, where he sired some seven illegitimate children, most of whom adopted the surname 'Montgomery' (as other natural children of the Herbert family had done) or ‘de Pembroke de Montgomery’.
Children by Alexina Sophia Gallot (born London 7 Mar 1821), dau. of John and Ann Gallot:
Children by Marie Catherine Caroline Schäffer:
He died in Paris, where he is buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery, his house having been stripped of all the valuable furniture, plate and jewels that he had taken from Wilton more than 30 years previously.
Succession.
Herbert was succeeded in his titles by his half nephew, George Robert Charles Herbert, 13th Earl of Pembroke (1850–1895), who had the previous year succeeded to the barony of Herbert of Lea, so that that title merged with the earldom. The 13th Earl's siblings were granted the style and precedence of the younger sons or daughters of an Earl by Royal Warrant (on 30 May).

</doc>
<doc id="19327156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327156" title="Communauté de communes de l'Atrébatie">
Communauté de communes de l'Atrébatie

The Communauté de communes de l’Atrébatie was created on December 21, 1998 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 27 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19327207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327207" title="Communauté de communes du Sud Arrageois">
Communauté de communes du Sud Arrageois

The Communauté de communes du Sud Arrageois was created on December 29, 1992 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 22 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19327238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327238" title="History of S.C. Siracusa">
History of S.C. Siracusa

The history of S.C. Siracusa officially started in 1924, following the bankrupt in 2012 of "U.S. Siracusa", based in Syracuse, Sicily. It currently plays in Eccellenza Sicily.
From A.S. Siracusa to U.S. Siracusa.
The origins.
The earliest clubs representing the city of Syracuse were brought to the city by English sailors. The earliest of which were named Ortigia 1907; as the name suggests that club was founded in 1907, Esperia and Insuperabile. However, cycling remained the most popular sport by far during this time so these clubs did not reach much prominence.
A.S. Siracusa.
This club was founded as Gruppo Sportivo Tommaso Gargallo on 1 April 1924, by two men who were part of the military, the lieutenant of the 75° infantry Genisio Pioletti and his advanced captain Luigi Santuccio. The club were entered into the Italian Serie C league. Successively the team switched its denomination to Associazione Sportiva Siracusa.
In 1945–46, Siracusa was admitted to Serie B, where he played for seven consecutive seasons. After a relegation to the amateur leagues, Siracusa returned to Serie C in 1970–71, after two playoffs against "Fincantieri", a team from Palermo, both ended in a tie: then, Siracusa won a tie-breaking coin toss and was awarded promotion.
Siracusa Calcio.
In 1978–79, the club renamed '"Siracusa Calcio" in 1974 won the Italian Serie C Cup, defeating Biellese in the final. That same year, Siracusa promoted to Serie C1, where he played for two seasons. Siracusa played Serie C2 until 1988, when, under coach Paolo Lombardo, the Sicilian club gained promotion to Serie C1. In 1994–95, despite serious financial troubles, Siracusa almost reached promotion to Serie B under head coach Giuliano Sonzogni, losing on playoffs to Avellino. Successively, the team was not able to go on financially, and Siracusa was consequently cancelled by the Italian Football Federation.
U.S. Siracusa.
The second local team, U.S. Marcozzi Siracusa 1956 of regional "Promozione" league, in 1996 switched to U.S. Siracusa, thus taking on the legacy of the old club.
The team reached Serie D in 1999, but quickly relegated to Eccellenza. Siracusa returned to play Serie D in 2002; since then, the Sicilian team unsuccessfully tried to reach a spot into professional football until 2009, when they dominated the "Girone I" of Serie D, getting finally promoted back to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione (formerly known as Serie C2) in advance of six weeks, after a 2–0 home win to Rosarno in front of 5,000 local supporters.
In their first season back into professionalism, Siracusa have re-appointed Giuliano Sonzogni as head coach; fan favourite Sonzogni had already served as head coach in what then proved to be the most successful season in the club history, in 1994–95.
During the 2011-12 season, headed by coach Andrea Sottil, at his first season into Professional Football, Siracusa actually won the Lega Pro Prima Divisione by earning more points than any other team in that year. However, due to financial troubles again, instead of being directly promoted to Serie B, U.S. Siracusa was inflicted a penalty of 5 points in the same season, which caused the relegation of the club to a final third position. Losing then the play-off semifinal to Virtus Lanciano did not help with their promotion to Serie B after almost six decades.
After the end of the 2011-12 season, U.S. Siracusa did not appeal against the exclusion of Federal Council and it is excluded by the Italian professional football.
A.S.D. Città di Siracusa.
In summer 2012 the club restarting from Terza Categoria Siracusa that won, but at the end of the season it was dissolved.
From Palazzolo to Sport Club Siracusa.
Palazzolo.
The club located in Palazzolo Acreide, Sicily was founded in 1954 as Associazione Calcio Palazzolo Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica.
Palazzolo has taken part in Serie D category many times. The first participation in Serie D was in the 2007-08 season in which it was relegated the next year.
The club was promoted to the Serie D after winning the group B of Eccellenza Sicily in the 2010-11 season, but was relegated back in Eccellenza at the and of the 2012-13 Serie D season.
Stadium.
The stadium Alessandro Scrofani Salustro, located in Contrada Pantano is one of the most modern and advanced facilities in the province of Syracuse. The two stands, the deck and stairs, approximately 1,300 seats. The turf is made of "synthetic".
Colors and badge.
The team's colors were green and yellow.
S.C. Siracusa.
During the summer 2013 the club decided to move to Syracuse, changing its denomination to S.C. Siracusa in order to continue the football history of that city restarting from Eccellenza Sicily.

</doc>
<doc id="19327245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327245" title="Yacouba Sawadogo">
Yacouba Sawadogo

Yacouba Sawadogo is a farmer from the west African nation of Burkina Faso who has been successfully using traditional farming techniques from the region to restore soils damaged by desertification and drought.
Background.
The northern portions of Burkina Faso fall in the Sahel Belt, a semi-arid region between the Sahara Desert to the north and tropical savannahs further south. The region periodically suffers from drought. The most recent major drought in occurred during the 1970s, resulting in a famine which killed a great many people.
One effect of the drought was widespread desertification. Combined with other factors such as overgrazing, poor land management, and overpopulation, the drought led to a substantial increase in barren land, particularly on slopes, due to the comparative difficulty of cultivating sloping land. Uncultivated, the soil experienced increased erosion and compaction.
Soil Rehabilitation.
Together with Mathieu Ouédraogo, another local farm innovator, Yacouba Sawadogo began experimenting with techniques for rehabilitating damaged soil in about 1980. He relies on simple approaches traditional to the region: cordons pierreux and zaï holes. Both Sawadogo and Ouédraogo have engaged in extension and outreach efforts to spread their techniques throughout the region.
Cordons pierreux.
Cordons pierreux are thin lines of fist-sized stones laid across fields. Their purpose is to form a catchment. When rain falls, it pushes silt across the surface of the field, which then fetches up against the cordon. Slowing down the flow of water gives it more time to soak into the earth. The accumulated silt also provides a comparatively fertile spot for seeds of local plants to sprout. The plants slow the water even further in turn, and their roots break up the compacted soil, thereby making it easier for more water to soak in.
Zaï holes.
Zaï holes also catch water, but take a slightly different approach. They are holes dug in the soil. Traditionally they were used in a limited way to restore barren land. Yacouba Sawadogo introduced the innovation of filling them with manure and other biodegradable waste, in order to provide a source of nutrients for plant life. The manure attracts termites, whose tunnels help break up the soil further. He also increased the size of the holes slightly over the traditional models. Zaï holes have been used to help cultivate trees, sorghum, and millet.
Outreach.
To promote these methods, particularly zaï holes, Yacouba Sawadogo holds bi-yearly "Market Days" at his farm in the village of Gourga. Attendees from over a hundred regional village come to share seed samples, swap tips, and learn from one another.
Conflict with Burkina Faso Government.
Over a period of more than two decades, Yacouba Sawadogo's work with zaï holes allowed him to create a forested area of approximately fifty acres. Recently this area was annexed by the nearby city of Ouahigouya, under the auspices of a government program to increase city revenues. Under the provisions of the program, Yacouba Sawadogo and his immediate family members are each entitled to one tenth of out of the plot, and do not receive any other compensation.
Sawadogo is attempting to raise $20,000 (USD) to purchase the land.
Yacouba Sawadogo is the subject of a documentary feature film 'The Man Who Stopped the Desert' made by 1080 Films, first screened in the UK in spring 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19327259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327259" title="Communauté de communes de la Région de Bapaume">
Communauté de communes de la Région de Bapaume

The Communauté de communes de la Région de Bapaume was created on December 30, 1992 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It comprises the following 26 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19327280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327280" title="Branka Nevistić">
Branka Nevistić

Branka Nevistić (born November 12, 1968 in Duvno, SR Bosnia-Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian television presenter and journalist.
After moving to capital Belgrade at the age of 18, she started her journalism career in 1995 at now defunct BKTV. After spending almost an entire decade there she switched over to public broadcaster RTS in 2004 where initially she anchored the central daily newscast "Dnevnik 2".
In fall 2005, she was on the move again, this time to RTV Pink where she hosted the Serbian version of political talk/game show "Piramida". After doing that for two seasons, she switched to the Montenegrin version of the same show, which she did for 27 episodes at TV Atlas. Simultaneously, from mid June 2007 until early November 2008 she wrote a weekly column for "Press" daily newspaper.
Eventually, in the fall of 2008, she announced her return to old stomping grounds RTS where she was supposed to develop a show for the 2008/09 television season, however nothing came of that.
Finally, in mid-2010 she returned to television hosting a talk show "Časna reč" that premiered May 12, 2010 on TV Košava. The programme went off the air quickly by summer 2010.
Ahead of the 2010-11 TV season, Nevistić was announced as the weekend newscast anchor at Prva srpska televizija. She left the network in November 2011 amid controversy.
Personal.
She has a son from a relationship with former professional basketball player Momčilo Lavrnić.

</doc>
<doc id="19327282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327282" title="Hyperinteger">
Hyperinteger

In non-standard analysis, a hyperinteger "N" is a hyperreal number equal to its own integer part. A hyperinteger may be either finite or infinite. A finite hyperinteger is an ordinary integer. An example of an infinite hyperinteger is given by the class of the sequence (1,2,3...) in the ultrapower construction of the hyperreals.
Discussion.
The standard integer part function: 
is defined for all real "x" and equals the greatest integer not exceeding "x". By the transfer principle of non-standard analysis, there exists a natural extension: 
defined for all hyperreal "x", and we say that "x" is a hyperinteger if: 
Thus the hyperintegers are the image of the integer part function on the hyperreals.
Internal sets.
The set formula_4 of all hyperintegers is an internal subset of the hyperreal line formula_5. The set of all finite hyperintegers (i.e. formula_6 itself) is not an internal subset. Elements of the complement
are called, depending on the author, "non-standard", "unlimited", or "infinite" hyperintegers. The reciprocal of an infinite hyperinteger is an infinitesimal.
Positive hyperintegers are sometimes called "hypernatural" numbers. Similar remarks apply to the sets formula_8 and formula_9. Note that the latter gives a non-standard model of arithmetic in the sense of Skolem.

</doc>
<doc id="19327309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327309" title="Pilibhit Tiger Reserve">
Pilibhit Tiger Reserve

Pilibhit Tiger Reserve is located in Pilibhit district, Lakhimpur Kheri District and Bahraich District of Uttar Pradesh state in India. It lies along the India-Nepal border in the foothills of the Himalayas and the plains of the ‘terai’ in Uttar Pradesh. It is one of India's 41 Project Tiger Tiger reserves.
Pilibhit is one of the few well forested districts in Uttar Pradesh. According to an estimate of year 2004, Pilibhit district has over forests, constituting roughly 23% of the district’s total area. Forests in Pilibhit have at least 36 tigers and a good prey base for their survival.
History.
With Corbett Tiger Reserve going to Uttrakhand, Uttar Pradesh always wanted to develop the Pilibhit forests area as a home for the striped cats. A proposal, created in 2005, to make a home for the endangered cats in Pilibhit forests was sent to the government of India in April 2008. Pilibhit Tiger Reserve was declared in September 2008 on the basis of its special type of ecosystem with vast open spaces and sufficient feed for the elegant predators.
Geography.
The northeastern boundary of the reserve is the River Sharda (Nepali:Mahakali River) which defines the Indo-Nepal border, while the southwest boundary is marked by the River Sharda and the River Ghaghara. The reserve has a core zone area of (proposed) and buffer zone area of (proposed).
Elevation ranges from 168 to 175 meters above MSL
Indian government has decided to reserve four new areas for tiger conservation, including Pilibhit Tiger Reserve, in September 2008. Pilibhit Tiger Reserve lies on the India-Nepal border in the foothills of the Himalayas and the plains of the ‘terai’ in Uttar Pradesh. 
This new reserve would run through Pilibhit District, Kishenpur sanctuary and Khutar range of Shahjahanpur, the existing one would have Dudhwa, Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary and Kakraha range of Bahraich division. Pilibhit, Khutar and Kakraha are reserved forest areas which will be converted into protected areas for the reserves.
Flora.
This reserve is one of the finest examples of the highly diversified and productive Terai-Duar savanna and grasslands eco-system. The Terai forests and grasslands constitute habitat for over 127 animals, 556 bird species and 2,100 flowering plants. They are also home to around 6 million people who depend on them for their livelihoods.
Fauna.
Pilibhit Tiger Reserve is home to a large number of rare and threatened species, which include Bengal tiger, Indian leopard, swamp deer, hispid hare and Bengal floricans.
The "Dudhwa tigers" are distributed in one major and three smaller populations. Major population is constituted by Dudhwa reserve which includes Dudhwa National Park, Kishenpur and Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuaries, Pilibhit forests and north and south Kheri forests. Smaller tiger populations are present in Bijnor forests in west and Suhelwa and Sohagibarwa wildlife sanctuaries in east.
According to a study by Wildlife Institute of India (WII), the Dudhwa-Pilibhit tiger population has high conservation value since it is the only population having the ecological and behavioural adaptations of the tiger unique to the Tarai region.
Visitor information.
The nearest major town with railhead and bus service is Pilibhit which has train connections to most major cities in northern India, including Delhi and Lucknow. Pilibhit Tiger Reserve has its own station too, but connections to it are scarce, moreover Government of Uttar Pradesh is planning to stop rail traffic in the tiger reserve area as it has caused the death of wild animals. Puranpur and Bisalpur are other towns near to Tiger Reserve, which also has a few trains coming in from other parts of Uttar Pradesh. 
The nearest airports are at Lucknow, from Pilibhit and Delhi, from Pilibhit.
Pilibhit city is well connected with Bareilly in west and Nainital in north (Via Khatima). There are good road connections to Pilibhit Tiger Reserve via Shahjahanpur. Private coaches and buses operated by the UP State Road Transport Corporation connect Pilibhit to Bareilly, Delhi, Lakhimpur Kheri, Shahjahanpur and other towns.
For visitors, the tiger reserve area has its own tourist log huts, lodges and forest resthouses at Bankatti, Mala, Chuka and other places. All are pretty minimalist (except the one at Chuka, which has a small canteen attached to it), and charge no more than a nominal tariff.
Alternatively, Pilibhit and Bareilly have hotels where tourists can have air conditioned or non-air conditioned rooms at nominal price. Hotels also provide daily vehicles to the tiger reserve areas.
The best time to visit Pilibhit Tiger Reserve is between September and mid-June. The Reserve area remains open to the public from September to June, but by June it’s usually a little too hot for comfort. In the rainy season, also, the weather can ruin your trip, so this season is better to avoid. Remember to take your woollens along if you’re going between December and February — it can get pretty chilly here, but then you see lot of wild animals due to clean grass in the foothills of the Terai.

</doc>
<doc id="19327337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327337" title="Field hockey at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Field hockey at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Afghanistan had a squad of 18 players five of them are unknown. They scored seven goals but only one scorer is known.
Head coach: 

Belgium had a squad of 22 players six of them are unknown.
Head coach: 

Denmark had a squad of 17 players.
Head coach: 

France had a squad of 22 players four of them are unknown. They scored seven goals but only six scorers are known.
Head coach: 

Germany had a squad of 22 players.
Head coach: 

Hungary had a squad of 21 players six of them are unknown.
Head coach: 

India had a squad of 22 players three of them are unknown.
Head coach: 

Japan had a squad of 15 players four of them are unknown.
Head coach: 

The Netherlands had a squad of 18 players six of them are unknown.
Head coach: 

Switzerland had a squad of 22 players nine of them are unknown. They scored three goals but only two scorers are known.
Head coach: 

The United States had a squad of 15 players.
Head coach: Frank Kavanaugh as coach and Leonard O'Brien as playing manager

</doc>
<doc id="19327352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327352" title="Bilton Hall">
Bilton Hall

Bilton Hall is a 17th-century mansion house at Bilton, near Rugby, Warwickshire which has been converted into residential apartments. It is a Grade I listed building. It was once the home of the poet and essayist Joseph Addison and of the sporting writer Charles James Apperley.
History.
A manor on this site was inherited by John Trussell from his father William in 1481. After John's death in 1499, his daughter, Elizabeth Trussell became the ward of John de Vere, afterwards 15th Earl of Oxford. Elizabeth later became de Vere's second wife. The manor of Bilton was held by this family line for nearly 70 years. In 1574 Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, leased it to John, Lord Darcye, and in 1580 he sold it to John Shuckburgh, who immediately leased it to Edward Cordell. When John Shuckburgh died in 1599, the manor was inherited by his eldest son Henry who sold it to Edward Boughton of Lawford Hall (who already held the portion of Bilton that had belonged to Pipewell Abbey) in 1610. 
Boughton rebuilt the manor, creating the central part of the current red brick and sandstone house in about 1623. He intended it for use by his son William. After the death of his father, William was created Baronet Boughton in 1642.
The house was generally occupied by junior members of the Boughton family and was sold by Edward Boughton in 1711 to the essayist and poet Joseph Addison, who wrote his book "Evidences of Christianity" while living there. Following Addison's death in 1719 the house was occupied by Addison family members until it was sold, about 1799, to John Bridgeman Simpson (1763–1850) of Babworh Hall, Babworth, a son of Henry Bridgeman, 1st Baron Bradford. A drawing by Turner may depict the hall c.1815. The British census of 1881 records that two of Simpson's unmarried daughters remained in residence.
Apart from Addison, other noted residents include the sports writer Charles James Apperley, known as "Nimrod", and Henry Holyoake, who was the rector from 1705 to 1731.
During World War I the house was in use as a military hospital. After World War II it was converted into flats.
The building.
The original building created by Boughton has been modified and extended several times. It was probably once in a regular H plan, but has since lost its symmetry. "Black's picturesque guide to Warwickshire" described its appearance in 1857:
The mansion is spacious but irregular. In construction it is of different periods. The oldest and the largest portion bearing marks of the style of architecture common about the time of James I. The remainder of the building consists of a lower range of apartments facing the gardens. This part of the house being of the style which prevailed in the beginning of the eighteenth century may have been erected by Addison himself when preparing the building for the reception of his destined wife.
Entrance gates erected by Addison, bearing his initials and those of his wife Charlotte, Countess of Warwick were moved into the garden in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="19327361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327361" title="Durango Institute of Technology">
Durango Institute of Technology

The Durango Institute of Technology (in Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico de Durango) is a Mexican public university located in the state of Durango.

</doc>
<doc id="19327391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327391" title="Toddville, South Carolina">
Toddville, South Carolina

Toddville is a small unincorporated community in Horry County, South Carolina, United States. It is south of Conway on U.S. Route 701. Toddville mostly consists of farmland.

</doc>
<doc id="19327394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327394" title="F.C. Real Città di Vico Equense">
F.C. Real Città di Vico Equense

F.C. Real Città di Vico Equense is an Italian association football club located in Vico Equense, Campania. Currently it plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1929 and refounded in 1958.
It was promoted to Serie D from Eccellenza (sixth tier) in 2007–08, and finished its first Serie D campaign with a second place in the "Girone I", behind Siracusa. The club then enjoyed a very successful campaign in the subsequent playoff phase, ending as runners-up behind Nocerina and being subsequently picked to fill a vacancy in the fully professional Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
The club also competed in the 2009–10 Coppa Italia as Serie D playoff runners-up, and surprisingly defeated Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Rimini (who were relegated from Serie B only one month earlier) in a 2–1 away win. Vico Equense were then defeated in the second round to Serie B outfit Lecce in a 4–0 win for the opposite side.
In summer 2010 after the relegation from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione it does not join 2010–11 Serie D and restarded from Prima Categoria Campania getting the immediate promotion to Promozione Campania. In the next season it was admitted to Eccellenza Campania after repechage.
In 2012-13 season the team won promotion to Serie D after finishing first in Eccellenza Campania Girone B. Later, it was expelled by federal's council's decision from Serie D. In the summer 2013 the club bought Real Hyria Nola's sports title and ultimately will play in the next Serie D championship as F.C. Real Città di Vico Equense.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are blue and white.

</doc>
<doc id="19327399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327399" title="Swargdwari">
Swargdwari

Historical town of Swargdwari.
Swargdwari was the Capital town of Gaharwars and was located in Kaimganj Tehsil of District Farrukhabad in Northern state Uttar Pradesh of India.
Kunwar Rai singh was the last king of this city. He was better known by the name of KHORAH in historical literature of 12th and 13th century AD. Kunwar Rai Singh was ruling in this territory before Shams-ud-din Iltutmish, as a governor of Badaun invaded him around 1212 AD. After this invasion name of this town was also changed to Shamsabad after the invader's name.
In 1328 AD Swargdwari also got a chance to become capital of Delhi Sultanate during rule of Muhammad bin Tughluq. While he decided to shift his capital from Delhi to Daulatabad, his plan failed due to inadequate water supply arrangements in Daulatabad or Devgiri. Muhammad bin Tughluq decided to shift capital to water rich area in central Doab on the bank of holy river Ganges in Swargdwari or Shamsabad. Though this decision was also changed soon for Delhi, as this region was politically unstable.
Gahrwar Rajputs and Kannauj.
After the dismemberment of the Pratihara empire, there were, repeated incursions in this region. When the "earth" was thus badly disturbed by political upheavals and destructive raids, a bold adventurer of the Gahadavala sept named Chandradeva, arose into this region and by his "noble prowess" put an end to "all distress of the people". The rule of Gahadavala dynasty over the district is incontestably proved by the discovery at Kudarkot of a copper plate grant dated in the reign of Chandradeva. Chandradova founded the Gahadavala dynasty at Kanyakubja after defeating a chief named Gopala. His jurisdiction extended almost over the whole of the present Uttar Pradesh including this district. Chandradeva was succeeded by Madanpala. However, he ruled for a very short period. Madanapala was succeeded by hit son Govindachandra. Two copper plate grants of Govindachandra, dated respectively Samvat 1161, or A. D. 1104, and Samvat 1174 or 1117 A. D. have been found in village Bisahi, two miles north-east of tahsil Bidhuna of the district Another copper plate grant of this king dated Samvat 1166 or A. D. 1109 has been found at Rahan in the district. Govindachandra seems to have wielded substantial power in the state while he was only a "juvaraja" or crown prince. He defeated the invading bands of Muslims sometimes before 1109 A. D., for the Rahan plate records that he "again and again by the play of his matchless fighting" compelled the Hammira (i.e. Amir) to "lay aside his enmity". The Rahan plate further described Govindachandra as "terrific" in cleaving the frontal gloves of arrays of irresistible mighty large elephants from Gauda", which shows that Govindachandra must have made some encroachments in Magadha. In short, Govindachandra made himself a considerable power and under him, the glories of this region revised. Govindachandra was succeeded by his son Vijayachandra sometimes in 1155 A. D. Like his father, Vijayachandra also successfully faced Muslim aggressions. By the very beginning of the reign of Vijayachandra an unmistakable symptom of decline of the Gahadavala power manifested itself in the loss of Delhi. The full significance of this loss was realised when, about a generation later, the Muslims attacked Delhi region and occupied it, rendering the Gahadavala frontier practically defenceless. Vijayachandra was succeeded by his son Jaichandra in 1170 A. D. He may be described as the last great king of the Gahadavala dynasty, whose power and extensive jurisdiction struck even Muslim historians. During the reign of Jaichandra, the Chauhans, who starting from their territories in Ajmer had annexed Delhi and were at this time bidding for supremacy in the North under the vigorous rule of Prathviraja III. Towards the south, there were the Chandellas whose power at this time was at its height. Apart from this, there were repeated Muslim invasions in North-western India which had already threatened the unity of India. The most important event of his region was the celebration of the Swayamvara of his daughter Sanyogita, who was however, carried away by force, in the midst of the ceremonies by Prithviraja. Perhaps, this was the cause which sowed the seed of enmity between these two northern monarrmes. Though there is no reliable evidence of conflict between these two kings, its quite probable that they were positively hostile to each other, lack of sympathy between these two kings is show by their mutual non-cooperation on the eve of the final conquest of India by the Muslims, led by Mohammad Gohori.
Fort of Swargdwari.
Kunwar Rai Singh was a tributary to the King Jaichandra of Kannauj. He made a fort in Swargdwari which was considered invincible. He was very religious and a devotee of Lord Shiva. Within the premises of this fort, he had a great temple of Chaumukhi Shiva.
Kunwar Rai Singh (Raja Khor) was a Gaharwar in early 13th century and was a disciple of Goru Gorakhnath. As being a true Gorakshak, he did not opt for a counterattack over iltutmis (covered by a herd of thousands of cows) and left his invincible fort. He settled another Kingdom in Khorabad near Gorakhpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19327406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327406" title="Antileukemic drug">
Antileukemic drug

Antileukemic drugs, anticancer drugs that are used to treat one or more types of leukemia, include:

</doc>
<doc id="19327428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327428" title="Black Tiger Spring">
Black Tiger Spring

The Black Tiger Spring 
() is a culturally 
significant artesian karst spring located in 
the city of Jinan, Shandong Province, 
China. The spring is ranked as the second most significant among 
the 72 named springs in Jinan (after the Baotu Spring). The water 
of spring stems from moderately-deep circulation and emerges from a water-filled limestone cave in a 
steep cliff. From the mouth of the cave, the water is funneled to flow 
out of the mouths of three ornamental stone-carved tiger heads into a 
square-shaped spring pool. From there it runs into the old city moat, 
next to which the spring is located. According to the tradition, there 
was a black rock lying in front of the cave in ancient time. The name of the spring is 
said to be derived from the shape and color of the rock, which 
resembled a black tiger, and the sound of the water gushing past the 
rock being reminiscent of the roar of a tiger. The ancient layout of 
the spring is described in a poem by the Ming Dynasty poet, Yan 
Bizeng.
Location.
The Black Tiger Spring is located on the south bank of the old city 
moat, close to the southeastern corner of the moat. A bit to the east, 
on the opposite site of the moat stands the Liberation Pavilion that 
commemorates the arrival of the victorious People's Liberation Army in Jinan.

</doc>
<doc id="19327441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327441" title="New Store Europe">
New Store Europe

New Store Europe is a store interior, shop fitting and design company. It has 850 employees working in 11 different countries throughout Europe, and has a turnover of 220 million Euros (2011 figures). The company is member of the International Shopfitting Organisation.
The organization is the result of two store interior companies merging; the Norwegian Grøn-Hansen Butikkinnredninger AS and the Swedish Samuelsons Inredningar AB. The merging companies had already been working closely for eleven years under the name Samuelsons Group.
Today, New Store Europe is represented in the following countries: Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Italy, Norway, The Netherlands Poland, Sweden and United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19327466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327466" title="Yukie Kawamura">
Yukie Kawamura

Biography.
Born in Otaru, Hokkaidō, Kawamura grew up in Yokohama, Kanagawa and later in Abiko, Chiba. She made her debut in 2003 as a gravure idol. In 2006 she started her career as an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19327468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327468" title="Royal Gazette">
Royal Gazette

Royal Gazette or The Royal Gazette may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19327484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327484" title="One Radio">
One Radio

One Radio (previously known as Super One Radio) is a radio station in Malta owned by the Labour Party. 

</doc>
<doc id="19327510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327510" title="3rd Indian Motor Brigade">
3rd Indian Motor Brigade

The 3rd Indian Motor Brigade was a unit of the Indian Army during World War II, formed in 1940. In its short history one of its regiments would be involved in the siege of Tobruk and the brigade was twice overrun during the Western Desert Campaign by units of the Afrika Corps and the Italian forces.
Early history.
The 2nd Lancers (Gardner's Horse), together with the 11th Prince Albert Victor's Own Cavalry (Frontier Force) and 18th King Edward's Own Cavalry formed Sialkot Area, called from July 1940 3rd Indian Motor Brigade, under the command of Brigadier E. W. D. Vaughan, late C. O. 2nd Royal Lancers. From August 1940 it was under the command of 1st Indian Armoured Division.
The three cavalry regiments mechanised slowly during 1940 but they were not armoured – they were on Motor regiment establishment. This meant they were mounted in soft skinned trucks with eventually some 2 pounder guns. They were chronically short-equipped, especially of radios, and would be even when they eventually went into action in April 1941.
Western Desert Campaign.
The brigade only were mobilised for active service on 7 January 1941. They sailed from Bombay on 23 January, arriving at Suez on 6 February 1941. From there they entrained and travelled to El Qassassin, where they were ferried by lorry to El Tahag camp, where the regiments settled down to training.
The brigade moved to Mersa Matruh on 8 March 1941 and started desert warfare training and orientation. This was followed by a move to El Adem, which took place over two days, 27 and 28 March. On 2 April, Brigadier Vaughan, commanding 3rd Indian Motor Brigade, and his three C.Os were summoned to Cyrenaica Command H.Q. at Barce and were ordered to reconnoitre positions on the Barce escarpment. However, on returning on the evening of 3 April plans had changed – Rommel's fast-moving offensive was the cause.
The 3rd Indian Motor Brigade (minus the 18th King Edward's Own Cavalry, who were split up to protect El Adem airfield and Gadd-al-Ahmar and later were to garrison Tobruk as the divisional cavalry of the 9th Australian Division) were the only mobile unit available and were ordered to occupy El Mechili to provide a base for 2nd Armoured Division to fall back on and re-organise. A dump of stores being created at El Mechili for the 2nd Armoured Division to resupply itself. It was now a race to see who would get their first – 2nd Armoured Division or Rommel.
An Australian anti-tank regiment and a wireless link to Cyrenaica Command H.Q. for air support demands were added to Brigadier Vaughan's command. The bulk of the 2nd Lancers and the 11th P.A.V.O. Cavalry moved from El Adem via El Timmi (where Brigadier Vaughan, the three C.O.'s and the anti-tank regiment joined up) to El Mechili over the evening of the 3rd April and afternoon of the 4th April.
By 1530 hours on the 4th El Mechili was reached and an all-round defensive position, forming a tight box with roughly long perimeter and a diameter of 1,500 yards was formed.
The 2nd Royal Lancers were assigned the west face, the PAVO Cavalry the east. By lunchtime on the 5th April the force under Vaughan’s command consisted of:
"A" squadron of the 18th Cavalry which had been stationed at Gadd-al-Ahmar some to the South-East was ordered to reinforce the defences on the 6th after encountering superior enemy forces occupying Gadd-al-Ahmar. They arrived on the afternoon of the 7th.
Enemy activity was reported to the south and at 1100 hours a small lorried infantry attack was repulsed by the PAVO Cavalry and prisoners taken. Enemy artillery had taken up position to the south and east and would be responsible for some harassing fire.
A column set out from El Mechili that afternoon to find the 2nd Armoured Division which they almost did. What they encountered coming towards El Mechili was the Divisional Commander (General Gambier Perry) and his advanced HQ with one surviving cruiser tank. They joined up and arrived at El Mechili about 2130 hours on the 6th.
The 3rd Indian Motor Brigade were on their own. General Gambier Perry left Brigadier Vaughan in command of the defence, though now under the overall command of 2nd Armoured Division. At around 1800 a German officer appeared in front of the PAVO positions and passed on a demand to surrender, which was rejected.
Soon after dawn on the 7th the rear divisional HQ of the 2nd Armoured Division appeared and now Gambier Perry's command consisted of 180 soft skinned vehicles. Patrols now reported enemy columns on all sides. The Brigadiers requests for air-strikes met with no response. The morning and early afternoon of the 7th passed quietly enough, with a second German request to surrender again being rejected, however the brigadier expected the third request would be backed by more definite action.
Without the armoured support expected of the 2nd Armoured Division, the offensive and defensive capability of the brigade was minimal – soft skinned vehicles, small arms and two pounders did not amount to much. Mid afternoon an Italian column tried to approach the position and were taken prisoner.
At 1730 hours the third demand came in, signed by Rommel himself. The request rejected, a brisk bombardment was opened up which lasted an hour and a half, which registered on all the defensive positions but did little actual damage. At sunset sixty enemy tanks appeared to be mustering to the south of the position, suggesting that tomorrow the assault would finally come. However at 2130 hours Brigadier Vaughan was summoned to 2nd Armoured Division HQ and told that orders had been received from Cyrenaica Command H.Q. to withdraw to El Adem to the east.
The Brigade was to escort the 2nd Armoured Division HQ at first light in a rolling box formation, with the PAVO Cavalry providing the right and left flank guards and 2nd Royal Lancers bringing up the rear. Start time was 0615 hours. The one surviving cruiser tank and the 18th Cavalry squadron were to rush the guns to the east, firing as they went. The whole success depended on getting amongst the guns before it was light enough for the guns to function.
The cruiser tank was late so with half light gone it was 0630 when the squadron of the 18th Cavalry went in mounted on trucks and after dismounting and carrying out a bayonet charge on the artillery position on Gun Ridge, taking some prisoners in the process, broke clear. The cruiser tank arrived after the squadron had advanced but gave some assistance before it was destroyed and the crew killed. 3rd Indian Motor Brigade HQ came next at 0645 but was met by heavy shell fire from three sides. A number of the lead trucks got away but the rest turned back. On their return it was found that the reason for this break out, the 2nd Armoured Division HQ, never got even to its starting point.
The PAVO cavalry had moved out as flank guard to the Brigade HQ and under heavy fire, dust, smoke and confusion broke out, without the rest of the main body. They continued on to El Adem. For those left behind the main German assault hit at 0745 from the south and south-east. The brigadier had been right – this was the more definite action planned, irrespective of the breakout. When the artillery fire died down German Mark III's and IV's rolled into the position in three waves after neutralising the Australian anti-tank guns. They did not, however, overrun the position, fearing mines, but were content to dominate it until Italian infantry could move up.
What the Germans did not know was that there were no mines as there had been no time to lay them but the defenders did not know that this was what was stopping the tanks overrunning the position. A high volume of small arms fire was kept up on the vision slits and hatches of the tanks, so much so that defenders had nothing left when the Italian infantry finally arrived.
The defenders did all they could to inflict casualties on the tankers, but were hampered not having not the right equipment. The brigade was well dug in which prevented greater loss of life.
A second attempt for the 2nd Armoured Division HQ to break out was organised for 0800 to go east, however the column came under heavy machine gun and artillery fire and so turned back and surrendered. Three small parties of the 2nd Royal Lancers broke out, but the bulk of the remaining forces were taken prisoner. Though the original objective of saving the 2nd Armoured Division failed, the stand by the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade delayed Rommels advance, buying valuable time for the 9th Australian Division to get into Tobruk and prepare its defences.
The action at El Mechili, 6–8 April 1941, led to the PAVO Cavalry losing over half its strength during the breakout and could barely muster two squadrons. The 2nd Royal Lancers had been reduced to barely one squadron and so they were temporarily merged into the PAVO.
Reformation.
The 2nd Lancers & PAVO were very depleted in men and equipment and were used in the rear areas, guarding HQ's and being split up for duties. The 3rd Indian Motor Brigade was reassembled at Mena Camp in Egypt, and new officers posted in. In September the brigade, under Brigadier A. A. E. Filose, moved to Syria, on internal security duties under the command of 31st Indian Armoured Division. In December 1941 the Brigade also supplied men for the Indian Long Range Squadron.
However at the end of January 1942 the brigade was ordered back to Egypt. All this time the brigade was re-equipping and training. The organization of the cavalry regiments now was two squadrons consisting of lorried infantry & carriers and an anti-tank squadron.
The brigade now consisted of the following units:
The action at Point 171.
They moved back into the operational area on the 10th May 1942, attached to the 7th Armoured Division. They were moved up to just south west of Bir Hakeim on the evening of the 25th May, arriving around Point 171. Among the featureless terrain Point 171 was a hump with the usual desert scrub covering it.
On the morning of the 26th the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade took a box position in the flat open landscape. On the 26th May 1942 Rommel launched his offensive. There had been no time to lay a mine field, and the brigades anti-tank battery arrived late on the 26th and did not have time to dig in properly. The cavalry units of the brigade were still not fully equipped for field service.
The brigade was supposed to have two squadrons of Valentines to cover the eastern flank but they never turned up.
The 3rd Indian Motor Brigade were facing the best part of two axis armoured divisions. At 2045 hours on the 26th brigade headquarters reported that the enemy had been seen advancing to the west. At 0630 hours the brigadier signaled: The whole bloody Afrika Korps is drawn up in front of us like a bloody review. By 8 am of the 27th the German and Italian forces had surrounded the position and by 9 am the position was overrun and resistance ceased. Some 17 officers and 670 Viceroy's Commissioned Officers and Indian other ranks were taken prisoner.
Even so it was estimated that the brigade accounted for over fifty Axis tanks – most of whom fell to the guns of the 2 Field Regiment, Indian Artillery. What is known is that all the VCO's & men were released after 2 days and sent to Bir Hakim from where they were evacuated from in a convoy on the 31st May. Why this happened is unclear. There were apparently practical considerations - the because of a shortage of water (the Italians were short supplied), with Bir Hakim still holding out no transport or supplies could be brought up.
Author Ken Ford in his book "Gazala 1942: Rommel's greatest victory" published by Osprey Publishing gives a different version of the 27th May events; he states that the brigade was attacked only by the "Ariete" division, without German support, which managed to overrun the brigade's positions in half an hour and capturing some 450 prisoners, despite not having previously known of its presence there. 
Aftermath.
After this action the shattered remains the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade were reformed at Buq Buq but after a short while were formed into two strong columns, Shercol & Billicol. Neither lasted long. In the early hours of the 24th June 1942 Shercol was smashed after running into an Italian harbour in the dark.
However the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade part of the desert war was over. On the 30th June the Brigade was ordered to hand over 50% its vehicles to the 8th Army. The brigade was dispersed in July, initially allotted to the defence of the Delta then ordered to perform guard duties however it was reformed in August, minus 2 Field Regiment, Indian Artillery. It travelled overland to Sahneh in Persia via Baghdad, again under the command of 31st Indian Armoured Division where it remained until late November, when they moved to Shaibah, seven miles from Basra. From here the cavalry regiments of the brigade returned to India in January 1943 and the brigade was reconstituted as the 43rd Indian Infantry Brigade (Lorried) at Shaibah at the end of January 1943.
The cavalry regiments of the brigade were replaced by 2nd Battalion, 6th Gurkha Rifles, 2nd Battalion, 8th Gurkha Rifles, and 2nd Battalion, 10th Gurkha Rifles.

</doc>
<doc id="19327522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327522" title="Taliya">
Taliya

Taliya is the first independent privately held pre-paid mobile network in Iran, which was established in 2004.
History.
Benefiting from software and hardware technologies produced by Siemens, Alcatel and Ericsson as well as a top world class consultant namely Tele2, Taliya started its activity in 2004 as the first and foremost pre-paid cell phones independent network. Compared to its competitors, Taliya has a better and more adequate network coverage design both from the very beginning and now. Taliya was exposed to an unprecedented acceptance from the country men as regards its pre-paid system of cell phone network and rapidly established its position. After several years of ups and downs and transfer of ownership, Taliya tries to rehabilitate the happy memories and pleasures resulting from the use of its services among people; and provide suitable conditions in cell phone industry for the compatriots; a great procurement is being done in this respect.
Services.
Taliya is the first provider of pre-paid SIM cards in Iran. You can make calls from the existing gateways without paying any monthly subscription fee or receiving any invoice just by charging your Taliya SIM card as much as you desire. Taliya pre-paid SIM card enables you to permanently control the cost of your cell phone without receiving any invoice. The Facilities of Taliya SIM cards include making calls and sending and receiving short messages.
Taliya Cards.
Taliya has produced some credit charges in various colors, each signifying a specific amount of charge for the customers interested in physical charge cards. Taliya charge cards may be obtained from Taliya stores and Taliya Customer Centers as well as stores and kiosks all over the country.
- White charge card for Rls. 20,000, 
- Orange charge card for Rls. 50,000, 
- Black charge card for Rls 100,000, 
- Golden charge card for Rls. 200,000.
Electronic Charge Cards.
To facilitate access to Taliya credits, Taliya provides electronic pre-paid charges, which are readily accessible via bank and Credit Institutions' ATMs, POS, Web Kiosks, Websites and Vending Machines.

</doc>
<doc id="19327525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327525" title="Daniel Quirk">
Daniel Quirk

Daniel Michael Quirk (July 19, 1982 – May 28, 2005) was an American professional wrestler, known by his ring name Spider, who competed in several Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions including Assault Championship Wrestling, Chikara, the Millennium Wrestling Federation, the National Wrestling Alliance, World Wrestling Alliance and World Xtreme Wrestling.
One of the youngest-ever NWA New England Junior Heavyweight Champions, he faced some of the top light heavyweights in the Northeast including longtime friend and trainer John Brooks, Jason Rumble, Eddie Edwards, Mikey Whipwreck, and Gran Akuma. In 2004, he and Akuma met in the opening rounds of Chikara's "Young Lions Cup" tournament.
Quirk's ring death in 2005 was the first major death to occur on the independent circuit as the result of an in-ring accident and concern was voiced by many in the professional wrestling industry including Al Snow, Percy Pringle and Dan Mirade over negligence and regulation of independent wrestling in the United States.
Career.
Early life and career.
Daniel Quirk was born to Mike Quirk and his wife in Bridgeport, Connecticut and grew up in Shelton, Connecticut. According to Quirk, he initially became interested in wrestling when a friend showed him action figures of Demolition in second grade. He began watching the World Wrestling Federation around 1990. Bret Hart, Mr. Perfect and The Rockers (Marty Jannetty & Shawn Michaels) would later influence his ring style. He was involved in "backyard wrestling" with his brothers and friends as a teenager and, in early 2002, Quirk began training under John Brooks and Bert Centano at the "USA Pro Wrestling School" in West Haven, Connecticut. He also attended clinics held by Christopher Daniels, Mike Quackenbush and Tom Prichard.
Quirk began appearing in local wrestling shows as Stuart the manager of the Scottish Gigolo. On July 21, 2002, Quirk made his professional debut against Bo Douglas in a gauntlet match for Jason Knight's Assault Championship Wrestling. A month later, he appeared on another gauntlet match for ACW teaming with trainer John Brooks in a tag team match against Bulldog & Shabba on August 24. He also lost a match to the Scottish Gigolo in Worcester, Massachusetts at the end of the month. He would spend much his early career on the road with frequent rival and a later personal friend, Nocturne.
Independent circuit.
Later that year, he made his first appearance for the New Age Wrestling Federation when he defeated White Blaze and later participated in a battle royal on October 20. In mid-November, he lost to "Beautiful" Billy Body at a show for Afa's World Xtreme Wrestling on November 23 and teamed with Mark Gore against WXW Tag Team Champions Tommy Suade & Supreme Lee Great the following night. On December 1, he returned to ACW for another gauntlet match defeating Pepsi Boy but losing to DC Dillinger later on that night. 
During the next year, he would quickly become a regular on the independent circuit. On February 23, he took part in a gauntlet match for Pro Wrestling Alliance defeating Slate, Wicked before being eliminated by J-Busta. Quirk would trade matches with him at a PWA and NAWF show the next month. He also feuded with Mark Gore over the NAWF Junior Heavyweight Championship and eventually defeated him for the title in a ladder match on April 27, 2003.
He would once again team with John Brooks defeating Leroy & Genesis at an NAWF event on May 21. The following week for "South Coast Championship Wrestling", Quirk lost a five-way match for the SCCW Lightweight title against Stevie Sky, Derrick Destiny, The Kreeper and Kid Capri on May 30. Entering a championship tournament for the MWF Heavyweight Championship the next night, he was eliminated by John Brooks. On June 8, he also lost a four-way match to Jeff Rocker, Shabba White and Wiqued at an ACW show.
On July 26, he won his first major title when he and Captain Charisma defeated NWA New England Junior Heavyweight Champion Jason Rumble & Paulie Gilmore in a tag team match. As a result of the pre-match stipulations ordered by NWA Commissioner Marc Greene, both Quirk and Captain Charisma are named co-champions. This is one of the very few, if any, that a title was defended by two wrestlers at once. Although the two would defend the title in a handicap match against Rumble on September 20, the title would eventually be vacated and declared inactive within another month.
Successfully defending his NAWF title in a three-way match against Nocturne and Genesis, he lost to Genesis in a non-title match on September 6. The next night, he also failed to defeat Eddie Edwards for the ACW Junior Heavyweight Championship. On September 28, he lost a four-way match against J-Busta, Luis Ortiz and Mikey Whipwreck at an XBoku event. On October 5, he fought two matches in one night at an MWF show losing to Mighty Mini, Eddie Edwards and participating in a battle royal. At an October 18 East Coast Pro Wrestling show, he lost a three-way match to John Brooks and Genesis. On October 30, he lost a match to SSCW Lightweight Champion The Kreeper. In November, he lost to Supreme Lee Great at a November 16 show for LXW but defeated J-Busta at a CCW show a week later. He also made a brief appearance for the World Wrestling Alliance at the end of the month.
On February 29, 2004, Quirk teamed with UltraMantis and Mister Zero to defeat Nocturne, Jigsaw and Rorschach at an LXW show. Feuded with Gran Akuma over the NAWF Junior Heavyweight Championship, he defeated him for the title on April 4. He held the title for two months before losing the title back to Akuma. On July 10, 2004, he also lost to Gran Akuma in the opening rounds of Chikara's "Young Lions Cup" tournament. He and Dave Cole were also given a title shoe against UCW Tag Team Champions The Millennium Killaz later that month, but failed to defeat them.
Quirk would spend the rest of the year in Connecticut Championship Wrestling, East Coast Pro Wrestling and World Xtreme Wrestling. On September 10, he lost to Low Ryda in a match for the WXW Cruiserweight Championship. He also lost to CCW Northeast Champion Dave Cole two months later. On April 2, 2005, he teamed with Jason Blade and Nocturne against Mister Zero, Rorschach and Ultramantis defeating his former allies. He also appeared in Assault Championship Wrestling, Powerhouse Wrestling and Ultimate Championship Wrestling during early-2005.
Death.
Dan Quirk died after suffering fatal injuries at an Ultimate Championship Wrestling event in Taunton, Massachusetts. After being thrown to the floor, Quirk's opponent Hi-Lite Kid went for a Piscada but Hi-Lite Kid's foot became caught the top rope. Quirk tried to compensate for his falling opponent by catching him unusually high; this resulted in Hi-Lite Kid's ribs falling against Quirk's head and Kid's entire bodyweight forcing Quirk into the floor head-first. Quirk was unable to use his hands to brace the fall and the entire impact of Hi-Lite Kid's fall was caught by Quirk's head, with blood visible on the floor, and the match was stopped. An ambulance was called, but all efforts to revive Quirk were unsuccessful. According to eyewitnesses, no mats had been provided outside the ring and that may have been the deciding factor resulting in his fatal injuries.
Aftermath.
In the days following his death, it was announced on his former website that the "Daniel Michael Quirk Memorial Scholarship Fund" would be set up in his memory. His father, Mike Quirk, said that the fund would be available for a graduating senior from Shelton High School majoring in graphic arts and communications. Quirk had studied graphic design at Northeastern University and the University of New Haven and later designed websites for various independent wrestlers and promotions in addition to being the webmaster of NAWF's official website.
On June 11, 2005, Connecticut Championship Wrestling dedicated its "WrestleJam 2" supercard to Quirk's memory. Prior to the show, a special ceremony was held at the ACES Collaborative Alternative Magnet School for Leadership in Northford, Connecticut while promoter Joe LaChance and Bulldog Blanski both gave a speech to the crowd. The entire CCW roster, including Matt Hardy, was present during the ceremony. Quirk's death, according to Blanski, prompted he and Mike Milano to contact Jason Knight whom they had not spoken to since leaving Assault Championship Wrestling to form their own promotion. Among the wrestlers who headlined the event included April Hunter, Ariel, Cindy Rogers, Scotty Charisma, Rob Eckos, Jay Lethal, Slyck Wagner Brown, The Logan Brothers (Bryan and Matt), The Outkast Killaz (Diablo Santiago and Oman Tortuga) and All Money Is Legal (K-Pusha and K-Murda). The main event featured a tribute ten man tag match featuring the team of Nocturne,Ron Zombie, Mark Gore, Bulldog Blanski and Jose Perez against the Iron Eagle, Dave Cole, Anthony Michaels, J Busta and Tim Kilgore. Both Monsta Mack and Low Ki made a surprise appearance on the show. John Brooks, also made an appearance at the event alongside Matt Hardy.
On the one year anniversary of his death, All Out Mayhem held a 10-bell salute to Quirk at a show in South Portland, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="19327541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327541" title="Schuur Fire">
Schuur Fire

Schuur Fire is a 2005 album by Diane Schuur, accompanied by the Caribbean Jazz Project.

</doc>
<doc id="19327555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327555" title="The Trons">
The Trons

The Trons are a New Zealand self-playing robot band created by the musician Greg Locke. The band consists of four robots, created from scratch using a variety of spare parts and electronic equipment, and are based in Hamilton (nicknamed Hamiltron or The Tron for short).
History.
During the 1990s, while a member of the New Zealand musical duo "The Emersons", Greg Locke toyed with the concept of developing a robotic drummer. This concept eventually grew into the idea of creating an entire band of robots. The four robots took about nine months to build and were created from electronic components of decommissioned photocopy-card vending machines (which formed part of Locke's daytime career), various scavenged parts and some advanced equipment. The construction of the band was assisted with a grant by the Hamilton Community Arts Council.
About.
The band is managed by its creator, Greg Locke, a New Zealand musician and mechanical engineer who has played in garage bands including The Hollow Grinders. The band contains no human members, consisting only of four robots named "Ham", "Wiggy", "Swamp" and "Fifi".
"Ham" plays the rhythm guitar and does the vocals. The vocals are produced through bits of tape loop created on an old tape machine and looped.
"Wiggy" plays lead guitar which is single-string. It is only possible for the robots to play four chords.
"Swamp" performs on the drums, using a pie-plate as a snare. "Swamp" was written several times on the drum set that Locke purchased for this robot (he guesses that it must have been the name of the band who had used it), thus the robot's name.
"Fifi" plays the keyboard, using only one "hand". She originally played bass but performed poorly at it.
The robots are made from a combination of scrap parts and more complex equipment and are controlled via a computer using a "top-secret" software package. The use of "flimsy material" makes the robots' actions similar to that of a human to create human-like music.
Despite being robots, the members of the Trons are often treated as human by fans to the point where "Swamp" has received date requests. Locke explains this tendency to treat them as human arises from the "human element" required to create music.
Critical reputation.
The Trons' first dip into stardom came from their YouTube video, which received over 80,000 hits in two days, going on to amass almost a million hits in only a few months. They have received mostly positive critical acclaim, being described as "pure genius" and as being better than Grammy Award-winning British band Coldplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19327565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327565" title="Edith Atkins">
Edith Atkins

Edith Atkins (2 February 1920 – 28 August 1999) was a racing cyclist and a prolific breaker of long-distance records in the 1950s. She completed 12 different record-breaking journeys. The records included Land's End to John o' Groats; Land's End to London; Holyhead to London; London to York, London to Edinburgh; and London to Great Yarmouth. On 12 July 1953 she covered in 24 hours, breaking the London to York; 12 hour, and London to Edinburgh records along the way. Two weeks later she also broke Land's End to John o' Groats. She died aged 79 when she was hit by a car while pushing her bicycle across a pedestrian road crossing.
Early life.
Edie Atkins, born Sharman, in Bilston, Staffordshire, England, was less than tall. Her light build led her to take up gymnastics as a child and she excelled to champion level. Her first bicycle was one won by her mother in a whist drive. She took up cycling seriously when Roland (Ron) Atkins lent her a bicycle for a weekend ride and she discovered her ability. She moved from the Coventry Meteor Road Club to join Coventry Road Club in 1938 and the couple married two years later, Ron having acknowledged that she could ride faster than him. World War II ended thoughts of racing. One of their two children, John Atkins, was an international cyclo-cross rider and national champion.
Racing career.
Atkins began racing in 1946, riding for Coventry Road Club. She competed at many RTTC championship events, helping it win the team prize in the races of 1949 and 1950 as well as the championship in 1950. There was rivalry between her and another rider from the city, Eileen Sheridan. Sheridan was supported as a professional record-breaker by the Hercules bicycle company but Atkins remained an amateur, remortgaging her house to pay for her cycling.
In 1952 she broke the Women's Road Records Association Land's End to London record, completing 287 miles in 17h 13m 31s. 
In 1953 Atkins broke several more records including Holyhead to London, 264¼ miles in 13h 31m 57s. In her London to York ride, she broke the record in 9h 56m 20s before continuing north. After 12 hours she had ridden 234¾ miles. She reached Edinburgh in 21h 37m after , going on to ride in 24 hours. She took three records in the same ride and was the first woman to go beyond in 24 hours.
Six days later she rode from Edinburgh to Glasgow and back, 88 miles in 4h 38m 56s. 
Atkins set that record, the first established between Land's End and John o' Groats, eight days after her 24-hour record. She beat the professional record by 4h 48m.
Atkins was entered in the "Golden Book of Cycling" on 12 August 1953.
1957 saw more records broken.
Retirement and death.
Atkins remained an enthusiastic cyclist after her record-breaking years. She rode more than 40 races at the age of 76 and rode a week.
She died in August 1999, aged 79, while crossing the A45 with her bicycle at Ryton-on-Dunsmore, near Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="19327566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327566" title="Pearl Spring">
Pearl Spring

The Pearl Spring () is a culturally significant artesian karst spring located in the city of Jinan, 
Shandong Province, China. The Pearl 
Spring is located on the bottom of in a square spring pool that is 
surrounded by a stone fence on all sides. The water flows off through 
a canal into the Daming Lake. The spring was incorporated into the 
garden of a governor in the year 1466 and the provincial government 
continued to reside in vicinity of the spring until the 19th century 
. The name of the 
spring is said to be related to the bubbles forming in the spring.
Spring group.
Other springs in the Pearl Spring group are:
Location.
The Pearl Spring is located near the center of the old part of the 
city of Jinan to the south of the Daming Lake. Its street address 
is 1 Yuanqian Avenue, Jinan, Shandong, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19327573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327573" title="Proud American">
Proud American

Proud American is a 2008 biographical drama film released by Slowhand Cinema in both conventional 35mm and IMAX format. It features five stories that intend to capture the essence of the American spirit, two of them chronicling the founding of Wal-Mart and Coca-Cola. The film holds the distinction of having obtained additional funding through overt sponsorship of the two companies, as well as MasterCard and American Airlines, whose product placement can be observed throughout the film.
Reception.
The film has not been well-received critically or financially. Opening in 750 theaters, "Proud American" managed to earn only $96,076, or $128 per venue — making it the lowest-grossing wide release in movie history.

</doc>
<doc id="19327577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327577" title="Philotheca spicata">
Philotheca spicata

Philotheca spicata, commonly known as Pepper and Salt, is a shrub in the family Rutaceae. The species is endemic to south-west of Western Australia. It usually grows to between 0.2 and 0.6 metres in height, and produces pink flowers from June to November in its native range. 
The species was first described in 1834 by French botanist Achille Richard who gave it the name "Erisotemon spicatum", later amended to "Eriostemon spicatus." It was transferred to the genus "Philotheca" by Paul G. Wilson in 1998.
Distribution.
The species occurs for the most part within the Southwest Australia biogeographic region, although an outlying population occurs in the nearby Coolgardie region.

</doc>
<doc id="19327580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327580" title="Prabha Rau">
Prabha Rau

Prabha Rau (4 March 1935 – 26 April 2010) was an Indian politician and the Governor of Rajasthan state of India, since December 2009. She was appointed as Governor of Rajasthan after she was transferred from Governor of Himachal Pradesh after Urmila Singh took charge on 25 Jan 2010 at Shimla. Initially following the death of previous governor of Rajasthan S.K. Singh, she got additional charge as Governor of Rajashthan along with charge of Governor of Himachal Pradesh. She was the governor of Himachal Pradesh since 19 July 2008. She was the former president of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee. She hails from Wardha. She has a brother named Arun Wasu. 
She was Member of Parliament in 13th Lok Sabha and was elected from Wardha (Lok Sabha constituency) in Maharashtra. She was elected to Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in 1972 for the first time.
She was a former athlete and had represented Maharashtra in the long jump, high jump, hurdles, discus throw, and running . She was a musician and held a Masters degree in Politics and Music.
Rau died on 26 April 2010 after suffering a heart attack in the Jodhpur house in New Delhi. She became the second governor in a row to die in office.

</doc>
<doc id="19327598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327598" title="Giovanni Melis Fois">
Giovanni Melis Fois

Giovanni Melis Fois (October 7, 1916 – September 3, 2009) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. 
Fois was born in Sorgono, Italy and ordained a priest on August 13, 1939 from the Archidocese of Oristano. On May 25, 1963, he was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Tempio-Ampurias and ordained bishop July 28, 1963. Fois was then appointed to bishop of the Diocese of Nuoro November 1, 1970 where he remained until retirement on April 16, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19327614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327614" title="Dobrynia">
Dobrynia

Dobrynia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowiec, south of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327616" title="Duląbka">
Duląbka

Duląbka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowiec, south-west of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327620" title="Dzielec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Dzielec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Dzielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dębowiec, south-west of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 203.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327625" title="Folusz, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Folusz, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Folusz (, "Foliush") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowiec, south-west of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 610.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327626" title="Łazy Dębowieckie">
Łazy Dębowieckie

Łazy Dębowieckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dębowiec, south of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327627" title="Majscowa">
Majscowa

Majscowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dębowiec, south of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327629" title="Pagórek, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Pagórek, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Pagórek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dębowiec, south-west of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 208.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327631" title="Radość, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Radość, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Radość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dębowiec, south-west of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 259. From 1975 to 1998 Radość has belonged to Krośnieńskie Voivodeship.
History.
History of this place is still unknown. There are none documents left about the founder of the village. During II World War small battle took place in the forest near Radość. There is also unmarked cemetery with people who died of cholera disease, but unfortunately accurate dates are also unknown. Now we can notice there crucifix on the hill. In the heart of Radość, near the main road we can admire small, white chapel which is dated for 1902. Every year residents gather to renovate it.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327632" title="Wola Cieklińska">
Wola Cieklińska

Wola Cieklińska (, "Volia Tseklyns’ka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dębowiec, south-west of Jasło, and south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19327634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19327634" title="I. G. Patel">
I. G. Patel

Indraprasad Gordhanbhai Patel IAS GCSI (11 November 1924 – 17 July 2005) popularly known as I. G. Patel, was the fourteenth Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 1 December 1977 to 15 September 1982.
Career.
Patel was an eminent economist. He was Secretary in the Ministry of Finance. He became the Deputy Administrator of the UNDP. Later, he was appointed as the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The Indian Rupee notes of 1000, 5000 and 10,000 denomination and the gold auctions were demonetized during his tenure (he later featured on a special commemorative 1000 rupee note). However, the 1000 notes had to be reintroduced later.
After retiring from the Reserve Bank, he became the Director of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA) between 1982–84, after which he assumed the Directorship of The London School of Economics and Political Science (1984–1990). According to Meghnad Desai, Baron Desai his distinguished directorship saw the school's reputation excel to being that of the finest economics school in the world, especially enhancing LSE in India, and Asia as a whole. Later, he taught at the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Vadodara.
In 1991 Patel was requested by then Prime Minister P. V. Narasimha Rao to assume the responsibility of the finance minister of India, but this offer was declined by him. He was bestowed the Padma Vibhushan award in 1991 for his furthering of the field of economic science. Indraprasad Gordhanbhai Patel was known as Baba 'IG' from his childhood days in Vadodara, then the capital of the princely state ruled by the Gaekwads of Baroda, where he was born. The current I.G. Patel chair is Nicholas Stern.

</doc>
