<doc id="19106935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106935" title="Brayton">
Brayton

Brayton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19106940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106940" title="Julius Weingarten">
Julius Weingarten

Julius Weingarten (2 March 1836 in Berlin – 16 June 1910 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German mathematician. He made some important contributions to the differential geometry of surfaces, such as the 
Weingarten equations.

</doc>
<doc id="19106949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106949" title="Tropical Storm Atang">
Tropical Storm Atang

The name Atang has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA for four tropical cyclones in the Western Pacific.
The name Atang was retired because of its destruction in the Philippines in 1978.
The name was also used in the southwestern Indian Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="19106957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106957" title="William Russell Sweet">
William Russell Sweet

William Russell Sweet (11/18/1860-10/15/1946) was an early American artist, painter and sculptor.
Biography.
William Russell Sweet was known throughout the Narragansett, RI area as ‘The Painter”, (documented by the post office receiving postcards and letter under such title) because of his prolific art works in watercolor and oil paintings, many wall murals done for the Newport, RI mansions, his restoration artwork, and his masterful wood carving of furniture and wall mounts.
Said to be "of gentle, good natured people" "I consider the Sweets a most remarkable family, not only as natural bone setters, but as an innocent inoffensive, easy going, happy people." William and his family spend many summer days along the coastline of Rhode Island where he sketched and painted pictorial scenes. On loan to Pettaquamscutt Historical Society Museum by his family, samples of William Russell Sweet carved wood chairs and wall plaques, some of his watercolors, and this magnificent hutch cabinet (photos below) themed upon the classical poem “The Song of Hiawatha” from Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. His great grandson, Carson Young Sweet Ferri Carson Grant has donated several other artworks to the Pettaquamscutt Historical Society Museum in RI. In 2010, William Russell Sweet was included in Marquis Who's Who edition Who was Who in America Art.
Carved wood hutch cabinet themed for Longfellow's poem "Song of Hiawatha".
William Russell Sweet described each section of "“The Song of Hiawatha”" from Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, which influenced him while creating his artwork and carving the individual panels that comprise the hutch cabinet:
(WRS) "Hiawatha was troubled because his people had no way to record the great events of their life and history, or to give the names of the honored dead, or to remember the wisdom of their ancestors, he showed them how to make picture-writing."
On the birch-bark and the deer-skin;…"
“…Thus it was that Hiawatha,
In his wisdom taught the people
All the mysteries of painting,
All the art of Picture-Writing,
On the smooth bark of the birch-tree,
On the white skin of the reindeer,
On the grave-posts of the village…”"
(WRS) "Hiawatha traveled far to the west, to the land of the Dacotahs, to woo Minnehaha, the daughter of the Arrow Maker. Just before reaching the Arrow Maker’s wigwam, he stopped to shoot a deer to bring as a present."
To his arrow whispered, "Swerve not!"
Sent it singing on its errand,
To the red heart of the roebuck;
Threw the deer across his shoulder,
And sped forward without pausing…”"
(WRS) "Kwasind, “the very strong man”, was killed by envious dwarfs as he was floating, asleep, down the river in his canoe. They threw pine cones at him (the only things that could harm him) hitting him on his one vulnerable spot (the top of his head) and he toppled, dead, out of his canoe."
Plunged beneath the sluggish water
Headlong, as an otter plunges;
And the birch canoe, abandoned,
Drifted empty down the river,
Bottom upward swerved and drifted:
Nothing more was seen of Kwasind…”"
(WRS) "Hiawatha called on the birch tree to furnish the bark for his canoe, on the cedar for its boughs for the ribs of the canoe, on the fir tree for its resin to make the canoe water-tight, on the tamarack for its fibers to sew the birch bark, on the hedgehog for its quills for the decoration of the canoe."
Of your yellow bark, O Birch-tree!..I a light canoe will build me,…
…"Give me of your boughs, O Cedar!
Of your strong and pliant branches, My canoe to make more steady,
Make more strong and firm beneath me!..."
…"Give me of your roots, O Tamarack!
Of your fibrous roots, O Larch-tree!
My canoe to bind together,…”
…"Give me of your balm, O Fir-tree!
Of your balsam and your resin,
So to close the seams together
That the water may not enter,…”
…"Give me of your quills, O Hedgehog!
All your quills, O Kagh, the Hedgehog!
I will make a necklace of them,
Make a girdle for my beauty,
And two stars to deck her bosom!...""
(WRS) "Hiawatha set out to catch the sturgeon, Nahma. He lowered his line, made of twisted cedar bark, and challenged Nahma to take the hook."
Dawn into the depths beneath him,
"Take my bait, O Sturgeon, Nahma!
Come up from below the water,
Let us see which is the stronger!"
And he dropped his line of cedar
Through the clear, transparent water…”
Personal Notes.
William Russell Sweet's family Welsh genealogy dates from John Swete 1450 (Traine, Modbury, Devon, England) through Robert Sweet (1552–1578) and Johanna Rainham (London, England) whose son, John Sweet (1579–1637), emigrated with his wife Mary Periam and their three children John, James and Meribah, to Salem, Massachusetts March 20, 1630 on the Winthrop Fleet, which departed from Plymouth, England to arrive in Salem, Massachusetts. In 1636 John Sweet who was granted land by Roger Williams, as part of the 38 families who traveled with Williams from Massachusetts to establish the colony of Rhode Island based upon principles of complete religious toleration, separation of church and state, and political democracy; values represented in the USA constitution. "Roger Williams insisted that land must be purchased from the Indians, rather than taken from them forcefully, in order to claim title to it. Williams then purchased land from the Narragansett Indians and established the settlement of Providence, Rhode Island." 
After John Sweet’s death in 1637, his children John, James and Meribah (renamed Renewed) migrated to southern Rhode Island. John's wife, Mary Periam Sweet, remarried Reverend Ezekiel Holliman and her granddaughter became known in many writing as the 'Widow Sweet' living to 91 years old. The Sweet Family was known for their good disposition, and as natural bone setters. William Russell Sweet was the son of Amos Reynolds Sweet (who helped build the Old Washington County jails in 1858) and Sarah Coggshall Sweet; then married Mary De Laigle Herndon 6/15/1893; and fathered 3 children (Colonel Russell Herndon Sweet, Margaret Grace Waring Sweet-Treat and Leila Augusta Sweet-Hay: members of SAR and DAR) and was buried in the family plot at Oak Dell Historical Cemetery, Peace Dale, RI. These two sisters, Margaret and Leila lived to over 100 years old. Colonel Russell Herndon Sweet was honored in 1946 with the 'Legion of Merit' award for his brave work in the Military Intelligence Service of the War Department during both WWI and WWII, who married Lucy Humphrey Young in Rhode Island 1919.
The Sweet family were said to be remarkable, happy natured people, William Russell Sweet was known throughout the Narragansett area as ‘Sweet-The Painter’ (The post office delivered postcards under such title) because of his prolific art works in watercolors, gouaches and oils, many wall murals and restorations created for the famed Newport mansions, and his masterful wood carvings of furniture and wall mounts. William and his family spend many summer days along the coast lines of Rhode Island, where he sketched and painted scenes of Rhode Island the fields, forests, waterfronts and local architecture as themes in his watercolors, gouache and oils.
William Russell Sweet carved many pieces including wall plaques, tables and chairs, each of individual themes; such as, the Sweet Coat of Arms, New England sea shells as Quahogs and scallops, maple leaves, nuts and berries, textile weaving patterns, and animals. William Russell Sweet greatly admired the American Indian and depicted their lifestyle in some of his art pieces. He mentored others young artists in these wood carving skills.
In 1896, William Russell Sweet created a hutch cabinet themed upon the classical poem “The Song of Hiawatha” by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow published in 1855. William Russell Sweet, painter and sculptor, carved this hutch cabinet using local oak wood. The figures were fashioned from Amos Sweet’s pruned cherry and apple trees (Amos Street) in Peace Dale, RI. This piece of artwork stood in the family parlor and exhibited William’s personal collection of Narragansett Indian ‘art-of-fact’ as arrow heads and stone tools found in the soil around southern Rhode Island. In 2009, Carson Grant and his family donated to the Pettaquamscutt Historical Society Museum The Song of Hiawatha' hutch cabinet which has been refinished and will be a permanent focal art piece in the center gallery in time for the Pettaquamscutt Historical Society's 50 Anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="19106958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106958" title="Jane Elliott (choreographer)">
Jane Elliott (choreographer)

Jane Elliott is an American award-winning dancer and choreographer for stage and film.

</doc>
<doc id="19106973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106973" title="Banana production in Belize">
Banana production in Belize

Banana production in Belize, formerly known as British Honduras, began in the late nineteenth century when it was a colony, when the American and British investors first established plantations. However, over the last
70 years, the pattern of banana production has gradually shifted away from large scale American and British owned company production to smaller-scale localised indigenous farming, primarily targeted at the European market. 
Although banana production is somewhat overshadowed by the production of citrus fruits as the country's second most important crop, banana production was aided in the 1990s by privatization and market and production. Banana production in Belize has fluctuated considerably on an annual basis however, falling from 68,000 tons in 1994 to 45,000 tons in 1995 before rising back to 78,000 tons in 1999. 
Banana production still has a significance, accounting for 16 percent of total exports in 1999.
History.
Although the banana trade between British Honduras and New Orleans at first seemed promising, commerce was wiped out in the 1920s by an outbreak of the Panama disease. Another attempt to cultivate bananas was begun by the British during the 1960s, but the plantations were destroyed by hurricanes in 1975 and 1978. The subsequent takeover of banana cultivation by the Banana Control Board, a public enterprise, had the effect of further inhibiting production. 
By mid-1985, the Banana Control Board had accumulated debts of US$9 million. The government reacted to the plight of the board by selling the 880 hectares under cultivation to the private sector. Five years later, banana production had almost tripled, and the cultivated area had increased to more than 2,400 hectares. The Banana Control Board was reorganized and retained the responsibility for marketing and research. In 1991 responsibility for the board was passed to the Banana Growers' Association. 
Britain was the almost exclusive importer of Belizean bananas. Marketing of exports was handled by Fyffes, an Irish subsidiary of the United States company, United Fruit. The special provisions of the Lomé Convention's Banana Protocol allowed Britain to guarantee artificially high prices for bananas to the beneficiaries of the protocol. These prices were above prices in the United States and Germany. The purpose of this special provision was to protect the central export crop of some of the islands of the Lesser Antilles, members of the Commonwealth of Nations, from ruinous competition from low-cost producers in Latin America. 
The preferential access to EEC markets provided by the Lomé Convention was under advisement in 1991 by the EEC in connection with its single-European-market program. It appeared that Belize would be better prepared for a drop in prices than would the islands of the Lesser Antilles, as Belizean producers received far lower prices through the protocol than did their Caribbean neighbors.
New port facilities at Big Creek in southern Stann Creek District were expected to increase banana exports. Until 1990 Belizean bananas had had to go through Puerto Cortés, Honduras, which added to overhead. Fyffes then financed the construction of Big Creek, Belize's only deep-water port. This port was designed to serve as the main shipment point for Belizean bananas. 
Between 1989 and 1991, banana production was hampered by cold weather and black sigatoka disease, but production was expected to double in 1992 because of the new port, better disease control, and improved drainage and irrigation systems. The susceptibility of bananas to disease and possible changes in Belize's preferential access to the British market were factors that could limit growth in this sector, however.

</doc>
<doc id="19106974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106974" title="Henri Lhote">
Henri Lhote

Henri Lhote (1903–1991) was a French author, explorer, ethnographer, and "expert on prehistoric cave art" who described and is credited for the discovery of "important cave paintings" in an "assembly of 800 or more magnificent works of primitive art...in a virtually inaccessible region on the edge of the Sahara desert" Lhote was an early ancient astronaut theorist and considered the prehistoric art as evidence of paleocontact.
Tassili n'Ajjer.
In 1933, a French soldier remembered as "Lieutenant Brenans" ventured into a deep wadi in the Tassili-n-ajjer plateau in the southeast Algeria. Although by the 20th century Tassili-n-ajjer was barren and devoid of large animals, there, upon the sandstone cliffs, he saw rock paintings and engravings of elephants, giraffes, rhinoceroses. He also saw images of strange human figures.
Lhote, a pupil of "the great expert on prehistoric cave art in France" Abbé Breuil, was in Algeria at the time and heard about the discovery. He met the soldier at Djanet, learned all he could, then and mounted an expedition to investigate it. Lhote later wrote that he had never seen anything "so extraordinary, so original, so beautiful" as the art at Tassili n'Ajjer. Working with the support of the Musée de l'Homme, Lhote and his associates discovered about 800 paintings, many of which he later made images of with the aid of painters and photographers.
These images were presented in 1957 and 1958 at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris and were, in the opinion of André Malraux. "one of the most defining exhibitions of the mid-century".
Ancient Astronauts.
After thoroughly exploring and uncovering many more images, Lhote publicized the hypothesis that the humanoid drawings represented space aliens. In "The Search for the Tassili Frescoes: The story of the prehistoric rock-paintings of the Sahara" (first published in France in 1958 and in London in 1959), Lhote called one particularly large and "curious figure" as "Jabbaren" and described him as the "great Martian god."
The popular press gave much attention to Lhote's hypothesis of a prehistoric close encounter and it was later incorporated into the '"sensationalist claims" made by Erich von Däniken that ancient extraterrestrial astronauts visited prehistoric Earth.
According to the "Encyclopædia Britannica" a "vivid dance scene" that Lhote discovered in 1956 can be attributed on stylistic grounds to Neolithic hunters that lived in the Sahara circa 6000 to 4000 BCE. Mainstream scientists regard the "great Martian god" and other rock art figures that are similar to it as representations of ordinary humans in ritual masks and costumes rather than the representations of extraterrestrial lifeforms. 
The value of Lhote's scholarship was also challenged by "The Journal of North African Studies", an academic journal affiliated with the University of East Anglia:
Following a highly publicised expedition in the 1950s, the Tassili-n-Ajjer mountains of the Central Sahara (Algeria) were presented to the world as 'the greatest museum of prehistoric art in the whole world'. Many of the claims of the expedition's leader, Henri Lhote, were misleading, a number of the paintings were faked, and the copying process was fraught with errors. The 'discovery' can only be understood within the political and cultural context of the time, namely the Algerian Revolution, France's attempt to partition Algeria, and the prevailing views of the Abbé Breuil, the arch-advocate of foreign influence in African rock art. The expedition's methods caused extensive damage to the rock art while the accompanying looting of cultural objects effectively sterilized the archaeological landscape. Any restitution process must necessarily include a full recognition of what was done and the inappropriateness of the values.
Namesakes.
The "Ouan Lhote Area" and the "Henri Lhote Arch" in Tassili National Park are named after him.
External links.
In French:

</doc>
<doc id="19106984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106984" title="Barker–Lane Stadium">
Barker–Lane Stadium

Barker–Lane Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Buies Creek, North Carolina. The stadium is located on the campus of Campbell University and hosts the school's American football program. The stadium is scheduled to be completed in stages with the first stage to include the field, the field house, the main entrance, the bowl, seating for 5,000 spectators and necessary road realignment and the final two stages are scheduled to include additional seating, a press box, a second entrance, stadium lights, plus other necessary features. All phases of the stadium were scheduled to be completed by the second season of Campbell University football in 2009. The first scoring play in Barker–Lane Stadium was a field goal kicked by Adam Willets.

</doc>
<doc id="19107011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107011" title="Robert Brown (football manager)">
Robert Brown (football manager)

Robert Brown (died 1935) was an English association football player and manager in the early twentieth century.
After an undistinguished career in semi-professional football in his native north-east England, Brown joined Sheffield Wednesday as a scout. In 1911 he joined Portsmouth as secretary, a job he held for nine years. In May 1920 he was appointed manager of Gillingham in preparation for the club's first ever season in the Football League, but he resigned just four weeks later, before the team had even played its first League match, in order to take charge at Sheffield Wednesday. He guided his club to promotion to the First Division in 1925 and then on to consecutive league titles in 1929 and 1930. After thirteen years in charge at Hillsborough he retired from football management in 1933, soon after the death of his wife. In 1935 he collapsed at Leeds train station and died 24 hours later. He was buried at Wadsley, Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="19107018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107018" title="British India (disambiguation)">
British India (disambiguation)

The Presidencies and provinces of British India, collectively known as "British India", were the administrative units of the territories of the Indian Subcontinent between 1612 and 1947. This included Burma to 1937, but may or may not include the Indian Princely States or British protectorates. 
British India may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107026" title="The Crying Light">
The Crying Light

The Crying Light is Antony and the Johnsons' third studio album and the follow-up to the band's widely acclaimed second LP, "I Am a Bird Now".
The album was released on 19 January 2009, and preceded by lead single, "Another World", released through Secretly Canadian on 7 October 2008.
"The Crying Light" features orchestral arrangements by Antony and Nico Muhly.
The album was released digitally in advance of the release. Some pre-orders contained an alternate version of "Another World". Pre-orders of the physical album from Antony's official website facilitated a full album download, including bonus track "My Lord My Love", a week prior to the official release.
The album peaked in the Billboard European Top 100 at Number 1.
Antony has described the theme of the album as being "about landscape and the future."
Ann Powers wrote of "The Crying Light" for the LA Times online, “It's the most personal environmentalist statement possible, making an unforeseen connection between queer culture's identity politics and the green movement. As music, it's simply exquisite – more controlled and considered than anything Antony and the Johnsons have done and sure to linger in the minds of listeners."
Tours.
In anticipation of "The Crying Light", Antony and the Johnsons scheduled 7 symphony concerts in 2008, including at the Barbican with the London Symphony Orchestra and at Disney Hall with the Los Angeles Philharmonic. These concerts were conducted by Jim Holmes and Rob Moose, with scores arranged by Nico Muhly.
Antony and the Johnsons toured throughout North America and Europe in support of "The Crying Light" between February and June 2009.
Antony then went on to present a unique staging of "The Crying Light" in collaboration with the Manchester Camerata (conducted by Rob Moose) at the Manchester Opera House for the 2009 Manchester International Festival. The concert hall was transformed into a crystal cave constructed by Carl Robertshaw and filled with laser effects created by installation artist Chris Levine in collaboration with lighting designer Paul Normandale.
Antony and the Johnsons have gone on to present concerts with symphonies across Europe in Summer 2009, including with the Opera Orchestra of Lyon, the Metropole Orchestra, Roma Sinfonietta and the Montreux Jazz Festival Orchestra.
Artwork.
The album's cover artwork features a 1977 photograph of butoh dancer Kazuo Ohno, by Naoya Ikegami. Antony said of the image: "The Crying Light is dedicated to the great dancer Kazuo Ohno. In performance I watched him cast a circle of light upon the stage, and step into that circle, and reveal the dreams and reveries of his heart. He seemed to dance in the eye of something mysterious and creative; with every gesture he embodied the child and the feminine divine. He's kind of like my art parent." 
A music video for the single "Epilepsy Is Dancing" was produced by The Wachowskis and featured Johanna Constantine, SF choreographer Sean Dorsey and the design of painters Tino Rodríguez and Virgo Paraiso.
Track listing.
Written by Antony Hegarty, except where noted.
"My Lord My Love" (Secretly Canadian pre-order bonus track) – 3:17

</doc>
<doc id="19107031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107031" title="Schoch circles">
Schoch circles

In geometry, the Schoch circles are twelve Archimedean circles constructed by Thomas Schoch.
History.
In 1979, Thomas Schoch discovered a dozen new Archimedean circles; he sent his discoveries to Scientific American's "Mathematical Games" editor Martin Gardner. The manuscript was forwarded to Leon Bankoff. Leon Bankoff gave a copy of the manuscript to Professor Clayton Dodge of the University of Maine in 1996. The two were planning to write an article about the Arbelos, in which the Schoch circles would be included; however, Bankoff died the year after.
In 1998, Peter Y. Woo of Biola University, published Schoch's findings on his website. By generalizing two of Schoch's circles, Woo discovered an infinite family of Archimedean circles named the Woo circles in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19107034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107034" title="If I Could Hear My Mother Pray Again">
If I Could Hear My Mother Pray Again

"If I Could Hear My Mother Pray Again" (1922) is a popular gospel song written by John Whitfield "Whit" Vaughan (1879–1945), as a tribute to his own mother, Clara Beady Burgess-Vaughan. The words are based on a text by James Rowe, an English settler living in Georgia during the early twentieth century. A 1934 recording of the song by Thomas A. Dorsey was selected in 2007 by the United States' National Recording Preservation Board for preservation in the National Recording Registry.
The song has been recorded by numerous artists, including Wade Mainer, Florida Boys, Daniel O'Donnell, Loretta Lynn, Dave Moody, Mahalia Jackson and Ben Harper.

</doc>
<doc id="19107036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107036" title="Tamír Triad">
Tamír Triad

The Tamír Triad is a historical fantasy trilogy written by Lynn Flewelling. It contains three novels, and has a sister series, "The Nightrunner Series", which contains six and is currently on-going. The series contains mythopoeia. The resounding issue dealt with within the series is the on-and-off war between two fictional countries, Skala and Plenimar, and their citizens, with other countries and people often getting caught in the crossfire.
The series focuses on Queen Tamír II, known throughout her childhood as Prince Tobin, and how she goes from being a sad, haunted child, to a Warrior Queen. Dark magic was used to disguise her in childhood from her Uncle, who would have all the women in his line killed in case they tried to take his throne, but the Oracle predicts that Tamír will be Queen, and many people go through unbelievable lengths to make sure that it happens.
It has been translated into multiple languages and published in multiple countries, including Russia. Bantam Spectra is the publishing company of all three, as well as the sister series, "The Nightrunner Series".
Synopsis.
The story is set in the land of Skala - a world with knights, lords, ladies and wizards. Long ago, the Lightbearer pronounced a prophecy; so long as a daughter of the royal line defends and rules, Skala will never be subjugated. Under the reign of Warrior Queens, Skala was free of famine and disease for a time. However, Skala is now ruled by King Erius - a usurper king who took the throne in the place of his younger sister. King Erius' rule brought famine, plague, and invasion - and his fear of a child with a stronger claim to the throne led him to order the deaths of all girls of the royal line, save his sister.
The story begins when a wizard and her apprentice learn of a child born of Ariani, the King's sister. This child is destined to overthrow her Uncle and become Queen of Skala, but in order to do this she will need protection and guidance. And if King Erius learns of her birth, she will be killed immediately.
Quickly, the Wizards rush to find a way to disguise their future Queen. Ariani gives birth to twins - a boy and a girl. In order to save the girl, they kill the boy-child and use hill-witch magic to transform the girl's body into that of a boy. The wizards tell the king that the girl-child, and not the boy, died in childbirth.
Saved by this lie, the child (named Tobin) grows up knowing nothing of her true identity as a girl and a future Queen, nor of the murder that was committed to save her. Tobin (thinking herself a boy) has a lonely childhood, hidden away from Court and all other children in order to keep him from danger. He grows up with a mother driven mad from the grief of losing a child, and a father who is rarely home because of the war that plagues their country. Often, his only companion is the angry and vengeful ghost of his dead brother, who haunts him constantly.
But things start to change when the wizards bring him a companion - Ki. And eventually Tobin must travel to Court and take his place among the Companions of Prince Korin.
Tobin must resist powerful magic, learn to survive at Court, and become a knight and blooded warrior. He struggles with the issue of his identity. And one day he must challenge his friend and cousin for the throne, and fulfill a powerful prophecy.
Characters.
Tamír í Ariani Gherilain, also known as Queen Tamír II, and previously known as Prince Tobin, was introduced in the first book, "The Bone Doll's Twin". She is the main character in every following book of the trilogy.
The main character of the 'Tamir Triad', Queen Tamir II was initially introduced as Prince Tobin. She was disguised as a boy so as to easily hide from her Uncle, who would have her killed as a threat to his place on the throne, which was rightfully her mother's. Eventually, she must reveal herself as female, and fight her cousin in Civil War, in order to take her place on the throne and repair the country her Uncle had tarnished in his rejection of the Oracle's declaration that there must be a Queen of Skala. She is mentioned in the 'Nightrunner Series' as one the greatest Skalan Queen's, being responsible for the Great Canal, the new capital of Rhiminee', and the Third Oreska.
Countries & Cultures.
One defining feature of Skala is that the throne is always held by a Queen, power traveling matrilineally. The queen takes an active role in the defense of Skala, riding out and taking part in battles, and holds the military title of "War Commander." She is also in charge of helping her people in times of peace, by acting as the judge for public disputes, as well as controlling taxes, food availability, plague and more. This is due to the prophecy made at the Afran Oracle in Skala, which stated,
"So long as a daughter of Thelátimos’ line defends and rules, Skala shall never be subjugated."
This prophecy was made during The Great War with Plenimar, and King Thelatimos instantly handed the crown to his daughter Gherilain, who quickly led the country to victory. Other than the Queen, there are many important roles within the Skalan government, such as Commanders, Generals, Secretaries, Treasures, etc. Many nobles own their own land and armies, though swear fealty to the Queen and give her their forces in times of war.
Following Queen Gherilain the First, there have been many Queens, and occasionally, Kings. Those known are Tamir, who was poisoned by her own brother, Pelis, who became King until plague struck him down and his niece, Agnalain, became Queen. Then was Gherilain II followed by Iaair, who was known to have fought a dragon, Klia, who killed a lion, Klie, Markira, Oslie, who had six fingers, Marnil, who began the tradition of having more than one consort, and Agnalain III, the first mad queen. Erius, her son, became King because his sister was still just a child at the time of their mother's death, but Tamir II, his niece, became Queen instead of his son when he died.
Further reading.
The companion series, The Nightrunner Series, was also written by Lynn Flewelling and deals with the on-going war between Skala and Plenimar from the perspective of two young spies, nearly 600 years after Tamír becomes Queen.

</doc>
<doc id="19107050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107050" title="Cyclone Kalunde">
Cyclone Kalunde

Cyclone Kalunde (also known as Intense Tropical Cyclone Kalunde) was the strongest storm of the 2002–03 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season. The eleventh named storm and sixth cyclone of the season, Kalunde formed on March 4 from an area of disturbed weather east-southeast of Diego Garcia. The storm steadily strengthened and attained severe tropical storm intensity on March 6. After starting a phase of rapid deepening, Kalunde attained cyclone intensity the next day. Kalunde attained its peak intensity on March 10, becoming a very intense tropical cyclone. It maintained its peak strength for a day; shortly thereafter, the system began to weaken. After undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle, the storm brushed Rodrigues. Shortly after doing so, Kalunde weakened into a tropical cyclone and later a severe tropical storm. Two days later, on March 16, the cyclone transitioned into an extratropical cyclone and dissipated the next day.
Cyclone Kalunde brought US$3.15 million in damage to Rodrigues Island. A total of 1,600 homes and 40 boats were damaged. Severe coastal damage took place across the island; many roads were washed out. Power outages also occurred across the island, delaying residents access to information pertaining to Kalunde. About 80 percent of the drinking water was contaminated and the entire food crop was destroyed. However, no deaths were reported.
Meteorological history.
An area of convection developed on March 3 several hundred miles to the east-southeast of Diego Garcia. That day, Meteo-France (MFR) issued the first bulletin on Tropical Disturbance 14 while located east-southeast of Diego Garcia. In an environment of weak to moderate wind shear, MFR upgraded the system to tropical depression status. Later on March 4, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) for the disturbance as shower activity increased, though it initially concentrated west-southwest of the atmospheric circulation. MFR upgraded the depression to moderate tropical storm status at 0600 UTC on March 5; subsequently, the Meteorological Service of Mauritius assigned the system the name "Kalunde". Moving west-northwest, the JTWC issued their first warning on the system. Initially, Kalunde did not become much better organized even though deep convection was still increasing. Cyclone Kalunde steadily intensified over the next couple of days while performing a small clockwise loop. MFR upgraded Kalunde to severe tropical storm status at 1200 UTC on March 6. At 1800 UTC, JTWC reported 1-minute sustained winds of . On March 7, Kalunde began to undergo rapid intensification, and at 0600 UTC the MFR upgraded it to a tropical cyclone. At the same time, JTWC also estimated winds of 120 km/h (75 mph), the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale (SSHWS).
After the formation of an eye, Kalunde continued to intensify rapidly and at 1800 UTC March 7 MFR declared the system an intense cyclone. Simultaneously, JTWC estimated that Kalunde had attained winds of while located several hundred miles south-southwest of Diego Garcia. Continuing to trek southwest by a mid-level ridge to the southeast, the rapid intensification trend continued until it leveled off early on March 8. At this time, the JTWC reported winds of , equivalent to Category 5 intensity on the SSHWS. Subsequently, MFR remarked that the system had reached its peak wind speed of , making it a very intense tropical cyclone. After attaining peak intensity, MFR and the JTWC began to lower their intensity estimates as thunderstorms began to erode in the northwestern quadrant of the eyewall.
Moving slowly southwest, Intense Tropical Cyclone Kalunde underwent an eyewall replacement cyclone late on March 9. The next day, the JTWC notes that Kalunde re-intensified somewhat; however, this is not supported by MFR’s estimates. While slowly approaching the small island of Rodrigues, Kalunde was estimated (according to MFR) to have winds of . On March 12, Kalunde passed 55 km (35 mi) away from Rodrigues, and around that time the JTWC reported winds of . MFR downgraded Kalunde to severe tropical storm status at 0000 UTC on March 14. Twelve hours later, the center of circulation became exposed from the convection. Kalunde continued trekking south-southeastward on the March 15 as it underwent extratropical transition. The JTWC stopped monitoring the low at 1200 UTC while estimating winds of . At 1800 UTC on March 15, MFR declared the system extratropical, located approximately south-southeast of Rodrigues. The agency officially stopped tracking the system at 1200 UTC the next day though the storm finally dissipated on March 17.
Preparations, impact, and aftermath.
Prior to the storm's arrival, a class four cyclone alert was issued for Rodrigues Island. Between March 11 and 13, flights to and from Rodrigues were canceled due to high winds. In addition, Cyclone Kalunde briefly posed a threat to Mauritius.
Severe coastal damage took place across Rodrigues. Many roads were washed out, isolating many communities. Wind gusts estimated up to destroyed the island's power and telecommunications grid, leaving the entire populous without power. Communication lines between Rodrigues and nearby Mauritius were also cut. Hospitals were also without electricity; one operation had to be done using a torch light. Because communication was lost during Kalunde's passage, residents lacked information about the storm for several hours. About 80 percent of the drinking water was contaminated and food crop on the island was washed away. During the storm's three-day passage of the island, of rain fell. A total of 1,600 homes and 40 boats were damaged and losses across the island amounted to €3.4 million (US$3.15 million).
In the wake of the storm, the French Red Cross supplied 1.5 tons of supplies to approximately 10,000 people victims of Kalunde. Mauritius Deputy Prime Minister Paul Berenger visited the island Friday to assess the damage while another official called on Mauritius officials to contribute to a cyclone relief fund for the island group. Twenty technicians were also sent to the area in wake of the storm. Officials estimated that it would take five weeks for power to be fully restored across Rodrigues. They also stated that if a similar situation took place and people were in need of emergency services, no one would be able to receive them. Furthermore, they proposed that bridges would to be built in order to forestall roads from being washed out again.

</doc>
<doc id="19107072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107072" title="I'm Crying">
I'm Crying

"I'm Crying" is a song originally performed by British rock band The Animals, written by the group's lead vocalist Eric Burdon and organist Alan Price. The song was released as a single in September 1964 and became their second transatlantic hit after "The House of the Rising Sun", which was released earlier in the year (see 1964 in music). The single became a Top 20 hit in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Reception and charts.
Even when the single became a hit, it was nowhere near the hit that "The House of the Rising Sun" was, so songs written by members of the band were kept as b-sides until the band changed record producers from Mickie Most to Tom Wilson in 1966.
Cover versions.
There are many covers of it, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19107099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107099" title="Ken Jones (news reporter)">
Ken Jones (news reporter)

Kenneth Leon "Ken" Jones (June 9, 1938 – May 13, 1993) was an American television journalist, actor, reporter and news anchor, most notably working for Los Angeles television station KTTV-TV channel 11 and KNXT channel 2. Jones, a veteran Los Angeles TV newsman was known for his reports on the 1965 Watts riots and the assassination of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy in 1968. Ken Jones also conceived and published, along with his wife Regina Jones, SOUL, a black entertainment newsmagazine, from 1966-82. In 1992, Ken was diagnosed with bladder cancer and after a short battle 
with the disease, died in May 1993.
Background.
The oldest of three children, Ken was born to Georgia Wood Jones and Henry Leon Jones in Los Angeles, California. He graduated from 
John C. Fremont High school in Los Angeles. He married Regina Nickerson in 1958. Regina is the granddaughter of William Nickerson Jr., co-founder of Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company. Together Ken and Regina Jones had four sons, Kenneth,Jr., Kevin, Keith, Kory, and one daughter Karen. In 1992, Jones was diagnosed with bladder cancer and after a short battle 
with the disease, died in May 1993.
Career.
He was hired as a reporter for the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner Newspaper in 1954. He became a disc jockey at KBCA and 
KGFJ radio and a news director for KDAY radio in L.A. in 1962. He worked as a production assistant for the West Coast edition of the 
Huntley-Brinkley Report from 1963-65 which he left to become a regular newscaster for KRLA radio in Pasadena. A position he held until 1967 when he was hired as a Feature Reporter-Anchor at KTTV-TV in Los Angeles where he received an Emmy Award for a one-hour news special, The High Cost of Health Care May Be Hazardous To Your Health. His growing prominence led to numerous TV and film roles including The Candidate (1972) and The Brady Bunch (1972) (TV). Ken worked as a reporter and weekend anchor at KNXT now KCBS-TV Los Angeles in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="19107129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107129" title="Betrayal at Falador">
Betrayal at Falador

Betrayal at Falador is a fantasy novel written by T. S. Church, set in the "RuneScape" universe. The book was released on July 21, 2008, and is the first "RuneScape" novel. Church set out to write a novel that appealed to gamers, as well as those who had never played "RuneScape".
The book is set in the year 164 of the Fifth Age, five years before the events of "RuneScape", and tells the story of the White Knights' encounter with a werewolf on the fictional world of Gielinor, and the long search that preceded. The novel is a narrative, with the action being narrated from human viewpoint. The protagonist is a young hunter, Kara-Meir, who is also featured in the "RuneScape" video game. Upon release, the book was overlooked by critics.
Background.
"Betrayal at Falador" is the first book released by Jagex, with Paul Gower noting "It's such great fun to see familiar details of the RuneScape world being used to concoct this exciting novel." The back cover of the book also had review comments from Paul Gower and "Zezima", the long-time number one ranked RuneScape player.
The book makes references to the death of Patroclus through the fate of the valet Bhuler, and the presence on opposing sides of characters called Marius and Sulla refers to events in the first century BC in the Roman Republic. Taking place in the Fifth Age of "RuneScape", it is based on events that take place within the game.
Synopsis.
Plot summary.
"Betrayal at Falador" takes place in Gielinor, the fictional world of "RuneScape", and begins with a woman known as Kara-Meir found near death within the walls of Falador Castle. Sir Amik Varze and his White Knights are determined to locate the attack's perpetrator, speculated to be a monster seen attacking travellers on the outskirts of the region.
Kara-Meir is rescued by the Knights of Falador, who retrieve from her three mysterious objects; a finely crafted sword with a green tinge, a strange ring broken into two and some white flowers. At the command of Sir Amik, Squire Theodore is sent to the town of Taverley to consult with the local druids about the flowers. Along the way, he witnesses the gruesome sight of a butchered gypsy caravan.
Upon his arrival at Taverley, Kaqemeex the druid confirms that the flowers are in fact snowdrops, which grow on Ice Mountain, adding further suspicion that Kara may be a spy. Doric, the dwarf, in the meantime is mobbed by a band of drunken farmers, and his home is burnt. This is because the attackers have been brainwashed by the H.A.M (Humans against Monsters) society. Returning to Falador, Squire Theodore meets Doric en route. Doric agrees to go to Falador in order to report the mobbing he suffered.
In Falador, Kara-Meir forces the werewolf Jerrod to escape the city. Jerrod later sides with Sulla, the Kinshra (Black knight) leader, in order to avenge his hatred against her.
Later on, Kara-Meir, Theodore, his mage friend Castimir and Doric head to the Monastery of Saradomin. There, Kara-Meir hopes to reveal the identity of her parents. However, the Monastery is destroyed by the Kinshra after a short battle.
Late in the book, a battle between the Kinshra and the White Knights of Falador erupts in which Sulla attempts to erase Falador from history. Theodore and a group of friends head to Burthorpe and journey under the Ice Mountain in order to rally arms to defend Falador from defeat. Kara-Meir witnesses Master Phyllis's death - a man who took her in as a young child, teaching her how to fight and smith. 
Eventually, help is summoned and Kara-Meir and Theodore lead an army of 1500 dwarfs and Imperial Guards. During the battle, Sir Amik is injured whilst in the field. Morale is low and so the valet Bhuler equips the master-at-arm's plate as a disguise to rally the knights. Bhuler is inevitably killed, a sacrifice which makes him a hero.
The identity of the traitor who attacked Kara-Meir is revealed to be Sir Finistere, who killed Bryant and Sir Erical and eventually Sir Pallas. He is killed by Marius, a squire who had since befriended Theodore.
After the battle, about 10,000 citizens of Falador cheer Kara Meir and hail her a hero. Kara-Meir, accompanied by Gar'rth, the nephew of the werewolf Jerrod, help rebuild the Monastery. Gar'rth wants to track down his uncle. Meanwhile, Theodore decides to head to Varrock using his new found fame to recruit for more to join his order. Doric has his case heard favourably and will rebuild his home. Whilst Jerrod the werewolf escapes and meets up with Sulla, who has lost his hands, once more. The two agree that there is more to be done in the future.
Reception.
On October 14, 2008, a copy of the book, signed by senior members of Jagex staff, the cover artist, and the author was placed on eBay by Jagex. The auction was run to raise funds for The Internet Watch Foundation. Jagex auctioned ten such copies of the novel, one per week over a period of ten weeks. A sequel to the book has a tentative release date of September/October 2009.
Sequels.
"Betrayal at Falador" had two sequels that continued its plot line: "Return to Canifis" and "Legacy of Blood".
Return to Canifis.
"Return to Canifis" is the second in the series of "RuneScape" novels. It was released on 22 March 2011 by publisher Titan Books.
Legacy of Blood.
"Legacy of Blood" is the third in the series of "RuneScape" novels. It was was released on 19 June 2012 by publisher Titan Books.

</doc>
<doc id="19107140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107140" title="Strategic sustainable investing">
Strategic sustainable investing

Strategic sustainable investing (SSI) is an investment strategy that recognizes and rewards leading companies that are moving society towards sustainability. SSI relies on a consensus-based scientific definition of sustainability, and the assumption that ‘"Backcasting from Principles of Sustainability"’, whereby a vision of a sustainable future is set as the reference point for developing strategic actions, is the preferred approach to strategically move a company towards sustainability. It was developed by researchers at the Blekinge Institute of Technology in Sweden.
The strategic sustainable investment system.
SSI outlines that the financial investment will offer a competitive risk-adjusted return, while providing investment capital to companies that are actively attempting to become more sustainable. It implies lower exposure to sustainability-related risks and it considers financial metrics together with environmental, social, and governance (ESG) aspects, as well as strategy analyses to educate investment decision-making.
Characteristics of SSI:
• Lower sustainability risk exposure 
• A definition of sustainability based on scientific consensus 
• Primarily driven by movement towards sustainability
• Considers financial, ESG, and strategy analysis
SSI operates by prioritizing investment capital allocation to companies that are taking the lead in shifting away from unsustainable behaviour towards new ways of doing business. This capital allocation will provide an incentive for companies to move forward in a sustainable direction. This movement is reported in corporate social responsibility (CSR) and other extra-financial reports, but is also recorded in traditional areas of a firm’s financial balance sheets.
By incorporating sustainability investment and returns into traditional financial reporting, a clearer picture of the bottom-line impact of a company’s actions towards sustainability is made available. In this positive reinforcing loop, greater investor returns and increased movement towards sustainability are generated with every cycle.
"Causal loop diagram illustrating the strategic sustainable investment"
Institutional investors, such as mutual and pension funds, take a longer-term position on investments and are thus ideally suited to incorporate SSI strategies.
Theory background.
The theoretical foundation of SSI is strongly linked to strategic sustainable development, made popular by The Natural Step and its founder Dr. Karl-Henrik Robèrt.
This strategy resembles socially responsible investing (SRI), a growing practice amongst ethical investors. Nevertheless, SSI recognizes the gaps of SRI pointed by several academics and practitioners and presents some alternatives.
"Main differences between traditional investment strategies, SRI and SSI:"
SSI analysis tool.
In order to evolve current SRI and traditional investment practices into Strategic Sustainable Investment, two gaps must be considered:
a. The recognition of companies with true leading strategies for a sustainable future
b. A robust and well defined link must be made between movement towards sustainability and higher investment returns
The SSI analysis tool addresses the first gap by measuring a company’s strategy for addressing sustainability. It allows investors to recognize which companies are leading the transition in a new direction, and which are most likely to be strong performers in tomorrow’s market.
This tool is divided in two main parts: the emerging sustainability issue (esi) chart and the strategy analysis component:
ESI chart.
The Sectoral Emerging Sustainability Issue (ESI) chart is used to identify which aspects of a determined market sector will become a socio-environmental problem. In the common sense, an issue is called ‘emergent’ when it gets media exposure. Instead, the Tool relies on scientific Principles of sustainability to identify what is emergent.
It exposes which Sustainability Issues present high risks for companies within that sector in the short-term; as well as which Issues will be emerging in the medium and long-terms. Due to differences within a sector, the Sectoral ESI Chart should be made as specific as needed, being flexible to account for various geographical locations and sub-sector subtleties.
The process of composing an ESI chart follows:
Once a sector is selected for an ESI analysis, a list of relevant sustainability issues is assembled. This baseline analysis will result in a list of issues outlining the subject sector’s strengths and concerns that impact society and the environment. Next, prioritization colours are assigned to each sustainability issue: red for very high priority; orange for high priority; yellow for medium priority, and green for low priority according to its assessment in each of three categories: urgency, severity, and systematic contribution.
"Urgency" assesses the time frame pressing each Issue. The "severity" assesses the seriousness of the Issue, in terms of its potential consequences for the environment, society, and companies within that sector. The "systematic contribution" is used to gauge the sector’s contribution to the overall Issue.
"To fill out the Chart, Researchers follow this process flow."
Strategy analysis component.
Strategic plan.
The Strategic Plan element assesses the subject company’s planned goals in relation to the emerging sustainability issue (ESI). The qualitative description includes, but is not limited to, information regarding: public commitments planned operational and business initiatives, political action/ lobbying, and third party partnerships (with NGOs, consultative firms etc.). There is also a comment on the subject company’s core business in relation to the ESI; as this will assist in determining the subject company’s exposure to the emerging risk.
Strategic actions.
The strategic actions element looks at assessing the subject company’s recent actions taken in relation to the emerging sustainability issue (ESI), thus determining whether the subject company is ‘walking the talk’ in comparison to the vision and goals outlined.
The subject company’s actions are seen through the lens of strategic sustainable development, and thus three questions are emphasized as a mental guideline:
a. Does this action provide a competitive return on investment (ROI)?
b. Is this action taking the subject company in the right direction?
c. Is this action a versatile platform?
Strategy analysis graph.
The strategy analysis graph shows the subject company’s planned path for dealing with the ESI, tangible progress made, and if existent, government regulations. The trajectory of the subject company’s planned path reveals the extent of their future risk exposure. This graph is placed in the center of the strategy analysis page.
Assurance assessment.
The assurance assessment provides an overall impression of the validity of the information gathered. This assessment may be applied if the data is verified by an external third party, or if discrepancy is evident between different sources of information used on the report.
External links.
Strategic Sustainable Development

</doc>
<doc id="19107148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107148" title="Beltzak">
Beltzak

The beltzak ("blacks" in basque language) are the police officers that compose the riot unit of the Ertzaintza, who is the police force of the Basque Country, one of the autonomous communities of Spain. An Ertzaintza member is an ertzaina.
They are called "beltzak" because of their black fire-proof uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19107159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107159" title="CSX Bridge (Painesville, Ohio)">
CSX Bridge (Painesville, Ohio)

The CSX Painesville bridge is a concrete viaduct located just outside city limits in Painesville Township in northeast Ohio. It is about 350 feet long and 100 feet above the Grand River. The bridge was built in 1908 for the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway. It has served the Lake Shore, New York Central, Penn Central, Conrail, and its current owner CSX. An average 50 trains daily cross the span, including two Amtrak Lake Shore Limited trains, no. 48 and 49. The bridge is bracketed by two highway spans, just to the south is US Route 20 bridge and just to the north is Ohio State Route 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19107177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107177" title="Androsace occidentalis">
Androsace occidentalis

Androsace occidentalis is a species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name western rockjasmine. It is native to much of southern Canada and the central United States, where it occurs in open habitat such as prairie, especially in moist areas. This is a diminutive annual herb reaching a maximum height of about 7 centimeters. It grows from a basal rosette of oblong hairy leaves no more than one or two centimeters long. It produces an erect inflorescence which is an umbel atop a thin, naked peduncle. The umbel is composed of 5 to 10 tiny flowers, each on a pedicel up to 3 centimeters long. The flowers have a white or pinkish five-lobed corolla inside a cup of pointed reddish sepals.

</doc>
<doc id="19107180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107180" title="Abdelaziz al-Tebaa">
Abdelaziz al-Tebaa

Abdelaziz al-Tebaa or Sidi Abdelaziz ibn Abdelhaq Tabbaa al-Hassani (died 1499) was the founder of the first sufi zawiyya of the Jazuli order in Marrakesh. The principles of Sidi al-Tabaa ultimately go back to Abu Madyan, as outlined in Abu Madyan's book "Bidayat al-murid" ("Basic principles of the Sufi path"), a compilation by Abu Mohammed Salih al-Majiri (d.631/1216). Al-Tebaa frequently travelled to Fez, where he gave lectures on Sufism and led recitations of Dala'il al-Khayrat at the al-Attarin madrasa. In Fez, he also initiated Sidi Ali Salih al-Andalusi (d. 903/1488), a refugee from Granada and author of "Sharh rahbat al-aman", who founded the second zawiya of the Jazouliya in Fez. At-Tabaa is also well known as one of the Sabatu Rijal, the seven saints of Marrakesh. His tomb is visited by many pilgrims throughout the year. He was succeeded by Sidi al-Ghazwani.

</doc>
<doc id="19107199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107199" title="Dartmouth Range">
Dartmouth Range

The Dartmouth Range is a mountain range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. The range lies in the township of Low and Burbank's Grant and the town of Carroll in Coos County.
The Dartmouth Range is a wooded ridge which runs east-west from Jefferson Notch just west of Mount Jefferson in the Presidential Range to Mount Deception in the town of Carroll, overlooking Bretton Woods and the Mount Washington Hotel. No trails currently traverse the range.
The named summits in the range, from west to east, are Mount Deception, at , Mount Dartmouth, the highest point in the range at , and Millen Hill, at . Mount Mitten, at , lies off the main ridge to the north of Mount Dartmouth.
Water flowing north from the crest of the range is within the drainage basin of the Israel River, by way of the South Branch of the Israel River and Mill Brook. To the south of the ridgecrest, water flows via Jefferson Brook and Halfway Brook to the Ammonoosuc River. Water off the west end of the range flows via Deception Brook into the Ammonoosuc. The Ammonoosuc and Israel rivers both flow west to the Connecticut River, which carries their water south to Long Island Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="19107202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107202" title="Mariëtte Hamer">
Mariëtte Hamer

Mariëtte Iris Hamer (born 7 June 1958 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant, educator and trade union leader. As a member of the Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid) she has been an MP since 19 May 1998. From January 2008 to June 2010 she was Parliamentary group leader. She focuses on matters of labour economics, day care and emancipation. In the past she (also) focused on matters of education, social affairs.
Hamer studied linguistics at the University of Amsterdam. She was co-founder and chairwoman of the National Students' Trade Union (LSVb) and worked as an educator and at the Dutch Ministry of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19107204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107204" title="Little Boy Boo">
Little Boy Boo

Little Boy Boo is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon animated short starring Foghorn Leghorn, Miss Prissy, and Egghead, Jr. Released June 5, 1954, the cartoon is directed by Robert McKimson. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc.
The cartoon was one of several in the Foghorn Leghorn series utilizing the theme of Foghorn attempting to woo the widowed Miss Prissy by babysitting her son (Egghead, Jr.).
Plot.
Foghorn reads a newspaper story in the "Barnyard News" predicting a cold winter. To avoid freezing in his shack, he decides to woo Miss Prissy ("I need your love to keep me warm."), who lives in a warm, cozy cottage across the way. Miss Prissy is flattered by Foghorn's two-second courtship, but tells him that, in order to prove his worthiness as her mate, he needs to show that he can be a worthy father to her bookish-looking son.
The little boy - Egghead Jr., a chick similar in appearance to Tweety, dressed in a stocking cap and oversized glasses - would rather read about "Splitting the Fourth Dimension" than engage in typical little boy games. Foghorn immediately catches on to this and sets out to win his audition by showing Egghead Jr. how to play various sports games.
Although he apparently has never participated in any of the below-listed events before, Egghead Jr. effortly masters them all, as depicted in the cartoon's gags:
Later, Foghorn tries to take an interest in Egghead Jr.'s interests. The chick is experimenting with formulas in his Tiny Tot Chemical Set (marked "harmless"). Foghorn assumes Egghead Jr. is making "sody-pop" and tries to make it fizz - but causes an explosion instead.
Foghorn returns Egghead Jr. home and cancels the engagement. "I've got my bandages to keep me warm!" he scowls as he walks off with a crutch and in a full-body bandage.

</doc>
<doc id="19107206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107206" title="Niobrara Formation">
Niobrara Formation

The Niobrara Formation , also called the Niobrara Chalk, is a geologic formation in North America that was laid down between 87 and 82 million years ago during the Coniacian, Santonian, and Campanian ages of the Late Cretaceous. It is composed of two structural units, the Smoky Hill Chalk Member overlying the Fort Hays Limestone Member. The chalk formed from the accumulation of coccoliths from microorganisms living in what was once the Western Interior Seaway, an inland sea that divided the continent of North America during much of the Cretaceous. It underlies much of the Great Plains of the US and Canada. Evidence of vertebrate life is common throughout the formation and includes specimens of plesiosaurs, mosasaurs, and pterosaurs as well as several primitive aquatic birds. The type locality for the Niobrara Chalk is Knox County in northeastern Nebraska.
History of exploration.
The Niobrara Chalk was first studied during an expedition led by Othniel Charles Marsh of Yale University in 1870. This and following expeditions to the area in 1871 and 1872 yielded the first of many fossil vertebrate remains commonly attributed with the formation. Excavations continued through the following years up to 1879 under the direction of professional fossil collectors such as B. F. Mudge and S. W. Williston appointed by Marsh.
The Niobrara Chalk has been continuously explored ever since, with specimens being found by H. T. Martin of the University of Kansas and George F. Sternberg, the son of the famous fossil collector Charles H. Sternberg. Much of the best material from the formation is on display at the Sternberg Museum of Natural History in Hays, Kansas.
Stratigraphy.
The Smoky Hill Member of the Niobrara Chalk contains the majority of the fossils found in the formation, and is subdivided into 23 marker beds. Most vertebrates are present from the upper half of the member. Most of the vertebrate remains were collected and described before the stratigraphy of the Niobrara Chalk was fully understood. Specimens were described as being from layers referred to as being either of gray-blue shale or yellow chalk. This dichotomy is not indicative of different stratigraphic units as was previously thought, but rather is seen as a weathering phenomenon that can be found at varying points in the same outcrop.
The Niobrara Formation is overlain by the marine Pierre Shale.
Flora and fauna.
During the time of the deposition of the Niobrara Chalk, much life inhabited the seas of the Western Interior Seaway. By this time in the Late Cretaceous many new lifeforms appeared such as mosasaurs, which were to be some of the last of the aquatic lifeforms to evolve before the end of the Mesozoic. Life of the Niobrara Chalk is comparable to that of the Dakota Formation, although the Dakota Formation, which was deposited during the Cenomanian, predates the chalk by about 10 million years.
Invertebrate life.
Clams, oysters, crinoids, ammonites, and squid are all common in the Niobrara Chalk and must have comprised the majority of life at the time. Evidence of sponges, annelid worms, and crustaceans are less common and are usually found as trace fossils.
Vertebrate life.
Fish.
Fish are by far the most common fossils found from the formation, with remains of pehistoric sharks, ray-finned fishes, and lobe-finned fishes in abundance. As well as smaller fish, many large predatory fish were present in the seas at that time, most notably "Xiphactinus". Several fish were of close relation to modern day fish including primitive coelocanths, slime heads, lancetfish, gars, swordfish, and salmonids. 
Turtles.
Sea turtles have been found from the Niobrara Chalk that reached large sizes. The biggest, "Archelon", attained a length of up to 4m, and was about 4.87m from flipper to flipper, considerably larger than its distant relative, the leatherback sea turtle, which is the largest of the sea turtles alive today. The sea turtles most likely fed on ammonites, squid, and other cephalopods.
Plesiosaurs.
Plesiosaurs are present from two different families within Plesiosauroidea in the Niobrara Chalk: the Polycotylidae, or short-necked plesiosaurs, and the Elasmosauridae, or long-necked plesiosaurs. Polycotylids superficially resemble pliosaurs, which are not present within the formation, but are unrelated. They were fast swimmers, unlike the Elasmosaurs that used their long necks to catch fish. Plesiosaurs are rare in the formation and were therefore likely uncommon in the seas at the time. Specimens become much more numerous in the Pierre Shale situated above the chalk.
Mosasaurs.
Mosasaurs are the most common marine reptiles in the Niobrara Chalk and the most successful ones in the sea at the time. Four different genre representing the four different subfamilies of Mosasauridae: the Tylosaurinae, Plioplatecarpinae, Mosasaurinae, and Halisaurinae, were present in Niobrara. They were the dominant carnivorous marine reptiles and ate cephalopods, fish, turtles, pterosaurs, birds, and even plesiosaurs. There is evidence of them consuming other smaller mosasaurs. Despite this, mosasaurs often fell prey to some of the large sharks at the time, such as "Cretoxyrhina".
Pterosaurs.
Between two and four genera of pterosaurs are present in the formation, depending on the taxonomy. All but "Nyctosaurus" belong to the Pteranodontidae family of the suborder Pterodactyloidea, though even "Nyctosaurus" has occasionally been included in that family, and is at least a close relative of the pteranodonts. All are large pterosaurs with elongated cranial crests in male specimens. The pterosaurs of Niobrara probably spent most of their time at sea and rarely went on land. Landing on all four limbs would have required these long-winged pterosaurs to fold their wings back, thus reducing lift and making it a very difficult and improbable way of landing safely. "Nyctosaurus" lacked all but the fourth phalanx of the hand, which is the extended finger that supports the wing membrane, meaning that quadrupedal locomotion on the ground would have been limited compared to other pterosaurs that were proficient at walking based on fossilized trackways that show both limbs in use on the ground.
Nonavian dinosaurs.
A few caudal vertebrae from a hadrosaur have been found with bite marks and have been eroded, suggesting at one point they were digested. A single tooth belonging to "Squalicorax" was found in situ under the vertebrae. This suggested the shark consumed the posterior end of the tail of a floating hadrosaur carcass and had partially digested it before fossilization. Most dinosaurs in the chalk were nodosaurs. No remains of cerapods nor non-avian theropods were found, both being common dinosaurs present at the time.
Birds.
Three genre of birds are present in the formation, although rare. They were unrelated to modern birds, as they still retained teeth. "Baptornis" and "Hesperornis" were large flightless aquatic birds suited for diving. "Ichthyornis" was a seabird that resembled the gulls and petrels of today. Both probably preyed on small fish and were preyed upon by sharks, large bony fish such as "Xiphactinus", and mosasaurs. 
Mineral resources.
The Niobrara is in places a commercial hydrocarbon reservoir. Natural gas is produced from the Niobrara in the eastern Denver Basin. Oil is produced from the Niobrara in the North Park Basin and new fracturing methods are allowing much larger areas to be tapped for oil.
The Fort Hays member is mined for the manufacture of Portland cement at Superior, Nebraska and Lyons, Colorado, and was formerly used for that purpose in Ellis County, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="19107212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107212" title="Sulisława">
Sulisława

Sulisława (died after 25 December 1294) was daughter of Pomeranian knight.
She was originally a nun in Słupsk, but in about 1285 she became a mistress of Mestwin II. On 26 August 1288 after divorce with his wife Euphrosyne of Opole Mestwin married Sulisława.

</doc>
<doc id="19107231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107231" title="Andreas Beck">
Andreas Beck

Andreas Beck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107236" title="Country Gentleman">
Country Gentleman

Country Gentleman (1831-1955) was an American agricultural magazine founded in 1831 in Rochester, NY by Luther Tucker. The magazine was purchased by Curtis Publishing Company in 1911. In 1955, "Country Gentleman" was the second most popular agricultural magazine in the US, with a circulation of 2,870,380. That year it was purchased by, and merged into, "Farm Journal", an agricultural magazine with a slightly larger circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="19107240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107240" title="Koi herpes virus">
Koi herpes virus

Koi herpes virus (KHV) is a viral disease that is very contagious to the common carp "Cyrpinus carpio". It is most commonly found in ornamental koi, which are often used in outdoor ponds or as feeder stock. The first case of KHV was reported in 1998, but not confirmed until later in 1999.
KHV is a DNA-based virus. After discovery, it was identified as a strain of herpesvirus. Like other strains, KHV stays with the infected fish for the duration of their lives, making the recovered and exposed fish potential carriers of the virus. Koi fish infected with KHV may die within the first 24-48 hours of exposure.
KHV is listed as a nonexotic disease of the EU, so is watched closely by the European Community Reference Laboratory for Fish Diseases.
Symptoms of KHV include:

</doc>
<doc id="19107241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107241" title="United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship">
United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship

The United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship (UDD) (, alternatively translated as National Democratic Alliance against Dictatorship), whose supporters are commonly called Red Shirts, is a political pressure group opposed to the People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD), the 2006 Thai military coup, and supporters of the coup. Notable UDD leaders include Jatuporn Prompan, Nattawut Saikua, Veera Musikapong, Charan Ditthapichai and Weng Tojirakarn. The UDD allies itself with the Pheu Thai Party, which is currently in office in a coalition government. Before July 2011 national elections, the UDD claimed that Abhisit Vejjajiva's government took power illegitimately, backed by the Thai Army and the judiciary. Therefore, the UDD called for the Thai Parliament to be dissolved so that a general re-election could be held. UDD accuses the country's extra-democratic elite – the military, judiciary, certain members of the Privy Council, and other unelected officials – of undermining democracy by interfering in politics. The UDD is composed of mostly rural masses from Northeast (Isan) and North Thailand, of urban lower classes from Bangkok and of some intellectuals. Although the movement seems to receive support from former Prime Minister in exile Thaksin Shinawatra, not all UDD members support the deposed Prime Minister.
History.
The UDD first formed in 2006 to oppose the military government and the military coup, which overthrew Thaksin five weeks before scheduled elections. UDD organized anti-government rallies during the military government's rule in 2006–2007 and opposed the military's 2007 constitution. The UDD stopped protests after the 2007 general election, which the People's Power Party won. In response to violent anti-government PAD rallies and the Yellow Shirt seizure of Government House in May 2008, the UDD organized counter demonstrations, which would sporadically result in injuries and deaths. After Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva took office, the UDD led major anti-government rallies in April 2009 and in March–May 2010, leading to violent clashes with military forces. And the burning down of part of the Centralworld shopping Mall as well as several other places by UDD (red shirt supporters).
The UDD calls for the replacement of the "Ammatayathipatai" (อำมาตยาธิปไตย, aristocratic polity) – the system in which palace insiders, the military, and bureaucrats effectively ignore the popular mandate – with an electoral democracy. One of the UDD's favorite targets is Prem Tinsulanonda, the President of the Privy Council. The protests urge the immediate resignation of Prem from the Privy Council. Due to its insistence that palace insiders stop interfering in politics, the UDD has been criticized by the PAD as being an 'anti-monarchist', and even a 'republican' movement, and many Web sites and other media sympathetic to the UDD have been shut down under Thailand's strict lèse majesté laws. UDD leaders and supporters have been jailed under the same laws. Also interesting to note that many head leaders of the UDD are now MP's in the current Phua Thai government led by Yingluck Shinawatra (sister of Thaksin Shinawatra)and therefore they have immunity against prosecution for their roles in the UDD insurrection. The group also calls for the replacement of the 2007 constitution, which was drafted by the military, with the 1997 Constitution. The UDD now want a new Constitution absolving the UDD leaders of guilt in the protest/insurrection including Thaksin Shinawatra (a convicted criminal)and alleged paymaster for the UDD in the early days of their existence.
The UDD as the PAD's opposition: 2008 clashes.
UDD supporters have been the anti-PADs since the 2006 coup, when they accused the PAD of supporting the coup. From then on, clashes between supporters of the two groups took place from time to time, such as the clash in Udorn Thani in July 2008. The red-shirted UDD supporters attacked a PAD rally, injuring several PAD supporters. A PAD meeting in Chiangmai, the bastion of Thaksin Shinawatra, was also disturbed.
Before daybreak on 2 September 2008, the UDD supporters rallying at Sanamluang decided to attack the PAD demonstrators gathering on the Makkhawan Rangsan Bridge at Ratchadamnoen Klang Avenue. The ensuing clash left several injured on both sides and one dead on UDD side, causing a weak state of emergency in Bangkok. The military was called to secure the situation, but not to disperse the demonstrators. The UDD was then seen by the public as the main adversary of the PAD, the red/yellow rivalry becoming significantly evident.
2009 unrest.
In March 2009, Thaksin Shinawatra claimed via video broadcast to a UDD rally that Privy Council President Prem Tinsulanonda masterminded the 2006 military coup, and that Prem and fellow Privy Councilor members Surayud Chulanont and Chanchai Likhitjittha conspired with the military and other members of the 'Ammatayathipatai' (อำมาตยาธิปไตย – aristocratic polity) to ensure that Abhisit became Premier. Although Abhisit denied the accusations, thousands protested in Bangkok early April demanding that Abhisit resign from the Premiership and that Prem, Surayud, and Chanchai resign from the Privy Council. Thaksin called for a "peoples revolution" to overcome the alleged aristocratic influences of the Abhisit government.
Pattaya.
The UDD protests expanded to Pattaya, the site of the Fourth East Asia Summit. Violent clashes occurred between the UDD and blue-shirted government supporters brought in by coalition partner Newin Chidchob. The protests caused the summit to be cancelled, leading Abhisit to declare a state of emergency in the areas of Pattaya and Chonburi on 11 April after his vehicle was attacked and damaged by UDD demonstrators. The protest voluntarily subsided in the afternoon of the same day. Legislation authorizing emergency decrees was originally pushed through Parliament in 2005 by the Thaksin government, provoking charges of authoritarianism at the time by Abhisit. Under the state of emergency, gatherings of more than five people were prohibited and the press was not permitted to present news which could incite worry.
Bangkok.
As the week-long Songkran (Thai New Year) holiday began, protests escalated in Bangkok. On 8 April 2009, 100,000 UDD demonstrators, rallied at Government House and the nearby Royal Plaza by the evening. The government decided to declare the State of Emergency in Bangkok and surrounding areas, and military forces were brought into the capital.
Fighting erupted between anti-government protesters, government supporters, and the general population. At a demonstration in front of Prem's residence, a yellow shirted driver plunged her car into a crowd of UDD protesters injuring several before driving away; she was not arrested. Abhisit denounced the UDD protesters as "national enemies". Abhisit also issued a red shirt decree that empowered the government to censor television broadcasts.
In the pre-dawn of Monday 13 April, Army soldiers used tear gas and fired live and training rounds to clear protesters from the Din Daeng intersection near the Victory Monument in central Bangkok, injuring at least 70 people. The Army later claimed that live rounds were only fired into the air while training rounds were fired at the crowd. However, Human Rights Watch confirmed that there were some cases where the Army fired live ammunition directly at protesters. The UDD claimed that dozens of protesters died from gunshot wounds sustained during the military's attack. However, the Army later claimed that the wounds were not caused by an M-16, the standard Army rifle. Also on Monday the government ordered the red shirt blocking of satellite news station D Station, an affiliate of the UDD which, at the time, was broadcasting the clashes. Several community radio stations were shut down and searched upon suspicion of supporting the UDD.
On 21 April, Abhisit declared a "media war" designed to attack the UDD. He also announced the public distribution of millions of VCDs documenting the government's views on the unrest. At the time, the government's emergency and censorship decrees were still in place. The state of emergency, but not the censorship decree, was lifted on 24 April.
Soon afterwards, Abhisit revoked Thaksin's ordinary passport (Abhisit had revoked Thaksin's diplomatic passport shortly after taking office) and issued warrants for dozens of other protest leaders.
According to government figures, over 120 people were injured in the unrest, most of them UDD demonstrators. At least one UDD red shirt protester injured from gunshot wounds sustained during the military's attack in Din Daeng, although the Army claimed the wound was not caused by their standard firearm. The UDD claimed that at least 6 demonstrators were killed in the unrest and their bodies hauled away by the military, although the Army rejected the claim. The dead bodies of 2 UDD protesters were found floating in the Chao Phraya river, their hands tied behind their backs and their bodies badly beaten, although police had yet to conclude whether their murders were politically motivated. Abhisit aide Satit Wongnontaey claimed that Red-shirted protesters shot a person dead and injured two others when residents of the Nang Lerng Market came out to criticise the protesters; however, no arrests were made and there was a lack of evidence to back his claims. The Bangkok Metropolitan Administration estimated that it had incurred 10 million Baht (approximately 300,000 USD) in property damages, including 31 damaged and burned buses. But, the Federation of Thai Tourism Industry estimated that the damage to the tourism industry could be as high as 200 billion Baht (6 billion USD) and resulting in 257,000 jobs lost.
Prior to a gathering of the Red Shirts planned for 30 August 2009, the Prime Minister approved the establishment of the Center for the Administration of Peace and Order ( CAPO) to draw up plans and measures to prevent and end any violent incidents that may occur by ill-intentioned groups.
2010 protests.
Abhisit's government expected major UDD-led unrest immediately following the announcement of the Supreme Court's verdict on Thaksin Shinawatra's asset seizure case, despite the UDD's announcement that they would not protest the verdict. Major protest suppression measures were enacted, and security was increased throughout the nation. Despite the government's warnings, the UDD did not protest the verdict but instead announced that they would hold a large-scale protest in Bangkok on 14 March calling for elections.
Abhisit increased security measures to suppress 14 March protests. In the days prior to the protest, more checkpoints were set up to inspect protester caravans entering Bangkok, especially those coming from UDD strongholds in the North and Northeast, with orders to detain any protesters with weapons. A government/military situation room for monitoring the protest, officially called the Peace-keeping Operations Command, was established at the 11th Infantry Regiment in Bangkhen. Pro-government elements in the Northeast issued threats to deter people from leaving for the capital.
Abhisit claimed to have received intelligence that there was a terrorist threat of sabotage taking place on 14 March. The UDD denied Abhisit's allegations and dared him to reveal any evidence backing his claims. Suthep claimed that the UDD protesters planned to "besiege government offices and residences of important figures, like Privy Council President Prem Tinsulanonda."
On 9 March, Abhisit imposed the Internal Security Act from 11–23 March. A 50,000-strong security force was deployed on Bangkok.
As of Friday 12 March, police and military checkpoints set up along all main routes leading to Bangkok to inspect UDD protesters for weapons being carried into the capital. The police issued a warning that bus operators transporting people to Bangkok without official permission could have their concessions revoked. Five bombs exploded in Surat Thani, a Democrat Party stronghold, in the early morning of 12 March. Nobody was injured or killed. It was not clear who was behind the bombings. No arrests were made.
The protests on Sunday 14 March were the largest in Thai history, and were peaceful. However, Thailand's free-to-air TV channels, all controlled by the government or military, claimed that there were only 25,000 protesters in the main protest site at Phan Fah Bridge. On Tuesday, UDD protesters announced that they would be collecting 10 milliliters of blood from volunteer protesters and pouring the blood in a symbolic sacrifice at Government House and other sites in Bangkok. These public blood rituals were a highly effective publicity stunt and drew widespread attention to the protests. However, critics have said that the UDD's association with blood tarnished the movement's efforts to keep its campaign 'clean' and may have discouraged potential supporters, in addition to the associated cost and the health risk for cleanup crew due to HIV and Hepatitis infected blood being part of the ceremony.
Negotiations between the protesters and the government failed to result in a resolution of the situation (these negotiations took place into May 2012, see http://links.org.au/node/1664)even though the demonstrators conditions were met an alleged last minute phone call from Thaksin said no to making an agreement). On 27 March, protesters marched to seven locations in Bangkok where Army troops had been stationed in preparation for a crackdown and convinced them to withdraw. There were dozens of bombings in Bangkok during the weeks of the protest, with nobody claiming responsibility and no arrests made. A Porsche was rammed into protester motorcycles at Rajprasong intersection, injuring several. In a separate incident, a woman rammed her car into a crowd of protesters, but drove away before she could be arrested.
Abhisit declared a state of emergency on the evening of 8 April. Troops barricaded the uplink station for the Thaicom satellite to prevent it from airing People Channel, a popular TV station sympathetic to the UDD. Protesters surrounded the station in the afternoon of 9 April. Tear gas was fired into the crowd, prompting the protesters to storm the station. The troops withdrew to avoid blood shed as the protesters stole over 20 M-16 rifles from the supply depot of the stationed units.
On 10 April, the protests turned violent, when government troops approached the red shirt encampment and fired live ammunition at some protesters. Twenty-five people were killed in the confrontation, with more than 800 people injured. Tensions continued to grow, as pro-government rallies started to appear alongside anti-government rallies. On 22 April, a series of explosions in Bangkok killed at least one person and injured more than 85 others, including four foreigners. At least some of the explosions were caused by grenades, which the government claimed were fired from the Red Shirt encampment. On 28 April, Thai security forces and anti-government protesters clashed on the outskirts of Bangkok, with troops firing both over and then directly into a crowd of Red Shirts to keep them from expanding their demonstrations. At least 16 protesters were wounded and one soldier was killed. Note: This soldier was found to have been shot in the back by another Thai soldier in a case of "friendly fire".
Jatuporn Prompan, Nattawut Saikua and other Red-Shirt leaders, surrendered themselves to police, according to them, to prevent further bloodshed during the violent military crackdown on 19 May 2010. In the aftermath of this attack 27 buildings were set ablaze in Thailand's capital, Bangkok. The Thai military largely removed the protesters there, but pockets of resistance still remained as of Thursday 20 May.
2011.
CAPO (Center for the Administration of Peace and Order,) first established in August 2009, was re-established after the cabinet approved the imposition of Chapter 2 of the Internal Security Act (ISA) in seven districts of Bangkok from 9–23 February to control the rallies by the yellow-shirt People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) and the red-shirt United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship (UDD), to which local reaction to the Cambodian–Thai border dispute forms a background.
2012.
People's Alliance for Democracy ("Yellow Shirt") leaders Sondhi Limthongkul, Chamlong Srimuang and others were indicted on 27 December for storming the prime minister's office compound and sealing off Parliament during the massive anti-government rallies in 2008.
Criticism.
Critics and opponents inside and outside Thailand often express the suspicion that the socially progressive platform and the organization as an independent NGO are only feigned to actually pursue the agenda of Thaksin and his entourage. The American freelance commentator Philip J. Cunningham even drew parallels of UDD's personalism, xenophobia, anti-gay sentiments and militance with Italian Fascism.
The red shirt movement also publicly displays close and regular relations with Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen, severely criticized for his political history (former Khmer Rouge captain, leader of the violent 1997 clashes in Cambodia) and accused by several NGOs, including Human Rights Watch, of antidemocratic, corrupted and nepotic practices spread over his record-long mandate.

</doc>
<doc id="19107264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107264" title="Scott Davis (businessman)">
Scott Davis (businessman)

D. Scott Davis (born 1952 in Medford, Oregon) is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Parcel Service (UPS) of America, Inc.
Biography.
Davis has a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Portland State University and is a Certified Public Accountant. After graduating from college in 1974, he first worked for accounting firm Arthur Andersen. A native of Medford, Oregon, Davis joined UPS in 1986 when the company acquired II Morrow, an Oregon technology company.
Davis completed a term as chairman of the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta in 2009. He is also on the Board of Honeywell International, Inc., and in 2010, joined the President's Export Council, the principal national advisory committee on international trade
While CEO of UPS in 2008, D. Scott Davis earned a total compensation of $5,168,664, which included a base salary of $960,000, a cash bonus of $176,944, stocks granted of $3,564,087, options granted of $437,619, and other compensation of $30,014.

</doc>
<doc id="19107283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107283" title="Raimundo Tupper">
Raimundo Tupper

Raimundo Tupper Lyon (1 January 1969 – 20 July 1995) was a Chilean professional football player, best known for his years with Universidad Católica. He was a left back.
Career.
Born into a family of five children (four males and one female). He studied at the Colegio San Ignacio El Bosque, and joined the lower divisions of Universidad Católica in 1980, being his first coach being former national team player Alberto Fouillioux.
He made his debut in the first team in 1985 against with Cobresal in the city of El Salvador. In 1987 he was called up to the Chilean under-20 national team, which won fourth place in the 1987 U-20 World Cup held in Chile, in which he played with his great friend and teammate Lukas Tudor. That same year he won the national title with his beloved club.
In 1989 Tupper joined the Diego Portales University to study Engineering, which did not finish. That year he wins the Liguilla Pre-Libertadores (Chile) against Cobreloa, which enabled Católica to play in the Copa Libertadores.
Between 1989 and 1995 "Mumo" was a UC player, reaching with them the Copa Libertadores final in 1993, which they lost against Brazilian giants São Paulo. Previously he won the 1991 Copa Chile and also Liguilla Pre-Libertadores (Chile) in 1991, 1992 and 1994, the latter scoring a great goal against Colo-Colo.
Tupper suffered from clinical depression, which led him to commit suicide on July 20, 1995 in San José, Costa Rica, after a friendly match against Deportivo Saprissa, being only 26 years old.
Currently, a white cross was built in the mountains surrounding San Carlos de Apoquindo in memory of "Mumo". Subsequently, his brother Andrés Tupper, became the General Director of Universidad Católica.

</doc>
<doc id="19107288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107288" title="Lebara Group">
Lebara Group

The Lebara Group is a telecommunications company providing services in many countries around the world, using the mobile virtual network operator business model.
Lebara Mobile provides Pay As You Go mobile SIM cards, targeted towards the needs of international communities and migrant workers.
History.
The Lebara Group was founded in 2001 by Ratheesan Yoganathan, Rasiah Ranjith Leon and Baskaran Kandiah. The founders worked on the idea at an airport cafe after seeing the imposing Telenor building on the way to the airport in Bergen, Norway. The name Lebara was coined from the first two letters of each of the founders' names. 
The company's initial product was international telephone calling cards, sold through independent mobile phone shops.
In 2004, Lebara Mobile launched the first-ever low-cost international service in the Netherlands, selling SIM cards using mobile carrier Telfort, a subsidiary of KPN. 
In 2007 it began using Vodafone's infrastructure in Australia and the UK. By then it had also expanded into Denmark, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland. France was added in 2010. 
In May 2010 it acquired the ‘Chippie’ brand and customer base in the Netherlands. Lebara said it would retain the Chippie name in the Netherlands, which is designed to address migrant communities from North and South America, the Caribbean, the Middle East and Asia. Like Lebara Mobile's Dutch MVNO, Chippie calls are carried on KPN's network. Lebara generated annual sales in excess of €565 million in 2010, and had more than three million active customers.
In March 2011, it expanded its services by launching Lebara Money in the UK for customers wishing to send money abroad. In November of that year it signed a global deal to distribute Nokia handsets, with Lebara branding including a ringtone by Indian composer A. R. Rahman.
In 2011, Lebara’s revenue hit €648m (£504m), turning a €20m (£16m) profit. Ratheesan Yoganathan, CEO of Lebara, wants to reach one billion customers by 2020.
Operations.
The company currently operates in Australia, Denmark, France, Germany, Netherlands, Norway (as MyCall), Spain, Switzerland, and the UK, and employs around 1,400 staff in total.
Lebara was recently awarded a license to operate in Saudi Arabia as part of the Jawraa Consortium.
Awards.
The following industry recognitions have been awarded to Lebara:
Management.
Yoganathan Ratheesan, co-owner and co-founder of Lebara Group, was the Chief Executive Officer of Lebara Group since the company’s inception in 2001, when he was aged 25.
On August 10, 2012 David Moffatt was appointed Chief Executive Officer. Yoganathan Ratheesan became the Chairman of Lebara Group after 
holding the position of CEO since 2001.
The founders established the Lebara Foundation in 2005. they were intending to sell their interest in the company, and donate half their wealth to expand the charitable work of the Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19107299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107299" title="Aliya">
Aliya

Aliya (Aliye) is a female given name mainly of Persian, Turkish and Arabic origin. It means high, exalted and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107318" title="Crazy English (film)">
Crazy English (film)

Crazy English is a 1999 Chinese documentary directed by Zhang Yuan. The film premiered along with Zhang's "Seventeen Years" at the 1999 Locarno International Film Festival. It established Zhang's position as a "legitimate" director after years of working independently from, and often at odds with, the Chinese authorities. 
In contrast to earlier films, like "East Palace, West Palace" (1997), "Crazy English" was produced with the cooperation of the state-owned Xi'an Film Studio, which enjoys a "presented by" billing in the film's credits.
Subject.
The film follows one of the People's Republic of China's most popular motivational speakers, Li Yang, the founder of "Crazy English". Li is known for his stadium-sized presentations where he exhorts his audiences to engage in mass recitations of English phrases and idioms, often with a strong nationalist bent: "Conquer English to Make China Stronger!". Li, however, has also courted controversy. Despite the fact that he teaches a foreign language, Li has never left China, a fact not revealed in the film until the end. Other common criticisms, including accusations that Li Yang is a "nationalist huckster" and that his methods do not actually improve English-speaking ability, receive a much more subtle presentation in Zhang's film.
The film follows Li on his tours throughout China with a few interspersed interviews. Zhang Yuan has described the film as a combination of Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will" and Robert Zemeckis' "Forrest Gump".
Production history.
The seeds for "Crazy English" first arose when Li Yang's manager asked to meet with Zhang Yuan at a bar in Beijing's Sanlitun neighborhood. At the time Zhang Yuan had not even heard of Li Yang or his "Crazy English" programs. After meeting with the manager, Zhang was sufficiently intrigued by the idea of a documentary about Li to arrange for an actual meeting with the motivational speaker.
Once the two men met, Zhang Yuan "immediately" decided to make the film. Though made with the assent of official authorities, the filmmakers were nevertheless forced to make certain cuts before being allowed a limited release for their documentary. Zhang has noted that his own opinions of Li Yang vary dramatically from admiration to disgust. One critic also noticed Zhang's ambivalence in the film and noted that the film seems to shift from appreciation or amusement at Li Yang's methodologies to one darker in tone, as Li Yang's mass rallies begin to resemble Mao-era Red Guard rallies or even Hitler's Nuremberg Rally.
Reception.
Despite of its official approval, "Crazy English" received only a limited release in select cities within China. Zhang Yuan has stated that the film's reception within China was difficult to read, given the mass adoration (and criticism) that Li Yang often elicits. 
While China remained ambivalent, the west also responded to "Crazy English" with mixed reactions. At least one critic felt that the film was too long and better suited for television than film. On the other hand, the film journal "Senses of Cinema" showered praise on "Crazy English", saying, "This is a fascinating film - for China watchers, for educators and for fans of the documentary film - and is an absolute must for festival patrons."
As for the film's subject, Li Yang was reportedly less than pleased by the film's portrayal of him as a demagogue, and he has gone on to say that the film was "not a real documentary" accusing Zhang of manipulating the film to appeal to Western audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="19107388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107388" title="Takkar">
Takkar

Takkar is a village and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°17′18N 71°53′50E and has an altitude of .
Takkar is a historical village of District Mardan, 20 kilometres away from Mardan city towards the North-West.
Postal code.
Postal code of Takkar village is 23164
Education.
There is one higher secondary school for males, and one high school for girls. There are four primary schools for boys, a private school, and one primary school for girls. There is 100% education for both male and female.
Streets/Mohallah/Cham.
The streets of Mohallah are:

</doc>
<doc id="19107453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107453" title="Banana production in Panama">
Banana production in Panama

Banana production in Panama has traditionally played an important role in the Panamanian economy since around the turn of the twentieth century.
Information.
Bananas were the leading export item, and in 1985 accounted for 23 percent (US$78 million) of total exports. In that year, the Chiriquí Land Company, a subsidiary of United Brands (formerly United Fruit Company), produced 70 percent of all bananas, followed by private Panamanian producers (25 percent) and the state-owned Corporación Bananera del Atlántico (5 percent). The volume of bananas produced in Panama peaked in 1978 and slowly declined in the 1980s. Observers doubted that United Brands would expand its production in Panama because bananas could be produced more cheaply in Costa Rica and Ecuador.
History.
The history of banana production in Panama virtually coincides with that of United Brands, which has been in Panama since 1899. The company built railroads, port facilities, and storage areas for the processing and export of bananas. In the 1930s, a disease seriously curtailed banana production. In the 1950s disease resistant plants were developed, and production increased rapidly.
In the early 1970s, a "banana war" erupted when banana-producing countries disagreed among themselves and with United Brands about an export tax on bananas. Panama threatened to take over United Brands' plantations. An agreement was reached in 1976 to tax banana exports. In that year, the tax provided the government with US$10 million, nearly 4 percent of all revenues. In addition, United Brands sold all 43,000 hectares of land that it owned in Panama to the government; payment was in tax credits. The government leased back to United Brands over 15,000 hectares for banana production and export operations. Part of the excess land went to the government's newly established banana companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19107458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107458" title="Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990">
Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990

Finland participated at the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 held in Zagreb, Yugoslavia.
The Finnish entry was Beat with the Swedish language song "Fri?", the first time the Finnish entry had been sung in Swedish. After that the only other time Finland has participated with a song in Swedish was in 2012 with Pernilla Karlsson singing När jag blundar.
The Finnish entry was chosen through a national final, where 11 songs took part. The final was held on 17 February 1990, hosted by Kati Bergman.
National final.
The Finnish national final was held at the Kulttuuritalo in Helsinki. The winner was chosen by an expert jury.
At Eurovision.
Beat performed last of 22, following Cyprus. At the close of the voting they had received 8 points, placing joint last with Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19107460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107460" title="Co-operative Insurance Cup">
Co-operative Insurance Cup

Co-operative Insurance Cup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107485" title="Findo Gask">
Findo Gask

Findo Gask is a small village in Perth and Kinross in Scotland, just off the main A9 road. It is in Strathearn, the valley of the River Earn.
There are nearby remains associated with the Roman Road to the south and the Roman Frontier on the Gask Ridge.
The area was associated with the family of Laurence Oliphant and his daughter, the songwriter Lady Nairne, was born there.
During the Second World War, units of the Polish Army were stationed at Findo Gask Airfield (now disused).
The woodlands around Findo Gask are known to be excellent sites for the collection of truffles, particularly black truffles, and truffle hunters can often be observed there during certain seasons. 
Derivation.
"Gask" refers to the nearby Gask Ridge. In Scottish Gaelic, a "gasg" is a projecting tail or strip of land. The name is shared with other local places including Nether Gask Cottage and Trinity Gask.
"Findo" is a reference to Fynnoga or Findoca, a saint commemorated in the area. The village was once known as "Fyndogask".
In popular culture.
Findo Gask is the name of a demon in "Angel Fire East" and "Armageddon's Children", part of a series of epic fantasy novels by Terry Brooks.
The short story "Findo Gask" by Elizabeth E. Wein appears in the anthology "Concussion" published for the 57th British National Science Fiction Convention (April 2006), edited by Bridget Bradshaw, Farah Mendlesohn and Peter Young.
Glasgow, Scotland based electropop band Findo Gask are named after the village.
"On the Origin of Findo Gask" is also a book by David McCreight, about the coming of age of a teenager in the Black Isle of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19107490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107490" title="Anna Koltovskaya">
Anna Koltovskaya

Anna Alexeievna Koltovskaya ("Анна Колтовская") (before 1572 – 5 April 1626) was Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and the fourth wife of Tsar Ivan IV of Russia ("Ivan the Terrible").
After the sudden death of his third wife Marfa Sobakina on 13 November 1571, Ivan had difficulty in securing another marriage, due to the laws of the Russian Orthodox Church prohibiting fourth marriages; "The first marriage is law; the second an extraordinary concession; the third is a violation of the law; the fourth is an impiety, a state similar to that of animals." Ivan countered this by claiming he did not consummate the marriage.
He married Koltovskaya, the daughter of Alexei Koltovski, a courtesan, on 29 April 1572 without asking the Church's blessing. Ivan organised a meeting in the church of the Assumption, and gave a heartfelt speech which moved the prelates to tears. They agreed to Ivan's marriage, although on the condition that he not attend church until Easter, and that for a year, he spend time with penitents, and a year later, with common Christians. Their honeymoon took place in Novgorod, which only two years earlier had been decimated by Ivan in the Massacre of Novgorod.
After two years of marriage, Ivan began to tire of his wife due to her sterility. He repudiated her, and sent her to the convent of Vedenski-Tikhvinski where she assumed the monastery name of Daria. Only she and Maria Nagaya, the eighth wife of Ivan the terrible, outlived the tsar.

</doc>
<doc id="19107493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107493" title="Neuenheimer Feld">
Neuenheimer Feld

Neuenheimer Feld is an area in the city of Heidelberg, Germany. The area lies on the North side of the Neckar river and consists mostly of buildings associated with the University of Heidelberg, including student accommodation and research facilities, as well as the University Hospital Heidelberg. The German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and the Max Planck Society also have facilities on the site.
On maps, addresses and in local language, the area is often referred to as "Im Neuenheimer Feld" (INF), with the inclusion of the German word "Im" meaning "in the".

</doc>
<doc id="19107508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107508" title="Attic Thoughts">
Attic Thoughts

Attic Thoughts is an instrumental progressive rock album by Swedish musician Bo Hansson. The album was recorded during 1974 and 1975 at Studio Decibel in Stockholm, and at Hansson's home, which had virtually become a studio by this point in his career. The album featured contributions from many of the same session musicians and friends that had played on Hansson's previous album, "Magician's Hat". In Hansson's native Sweden, "Attic Thoughts" was released with the Swedish title of "Mellanväsen". It was released with its English title in April 1975 by Charisma Records, but was less commercially successful than Hansson's preceding solo albums and failed to reach the charts in the UK or the United States. In addition to featuring Hansson's usual blend of other-worldly progressive rock and fairy tale-like ambiance, "Attic Thoughts" includes a suite named "Rabbit Music", which was inspired by Richard Adams' novel "Watership Down", a subject that Hansson would explore further on his 1977 album "Music Inspired by Watership Down".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bo Hansson except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19107530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107530" title="The Essential Michael Nyman Band">
The Essential Michael Nyman Band

The Essential Michael Nyman Band is a studio album featuring a collection of music by Michael Nyman written for the films of Peter Greenaway and newly performed by the Michael Nyman Band. It is the seventeenth album release by Nyman. The album features liner notes by Annette Morreau, who describes the album as "a summation and digest of ten years of progress in the performance of music by a composer -- a composer with whom, so evidently, a group of friends and expert musicians intimately identify their total commitment, virtuosity, and joyous enthusiasm."
As the works on the album were written as concert pieces before being transmuted into film music, some of the selections, particularly "Chasing Sheep Is Best Left to Shepherds" contain more material than their film versions, and some are very different in style, such as "An Eye for Optical Theory", with a tempo more than double from its original in "The Draughtsman's Contract". The other films from which the music is derived are "A Zed & Two Noughts" (where it was originally not performed by the Michael Nyman Band), "Drowning By Numbers", "The Cook The Thief His Wife & Her Lover", "Making a Splash", and "Prospero's Books".
Nyman created a similar album in 2005 with "". Fan reaction has generally been that "The Essential Michael Nyman Band" is the superior album.
Track listing.
Tracks 1-3 from "The Draughtsman's Contract". Tracks 4-5 from "A Zed and Two Noughts". Tracks 6-8 from "Drowning by Numbers". Tracks 9-10 from "The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover". Track 11 from "Making a Splash". Track 12 from "Prospero's Books".
"Stroking" is not the same piece that was known as "Stroking" on, "The Kiss and Other Movements", but rather, "Gliding."
Personnel.
This recording made at the JVC Victor Studios, Tokyo

</doc>
<doc id="19107532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107532" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 6 (Asia)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 6 (Asia)

"Now That's What I Call Music! 6" was released in 2000. The album is the 6th edition of the Asian "Now!" series. 
Indonesian version.
Track 17 is replaced by Neri Per Caso : "Sara"

</doc>
<doc id="19107537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107537" title="Stuart Anstis">
Stuart Anstis

Stuart Anstis is a former guitarist and songwriter for the British metal band Cradle of Filth. He was in the band from 1995 until 1999, appearing on four releases, as well as in the video for "From the Cradle to Enslave". Following his firing from the band (after which bandmate Les Smith left in protest), he began a new band called Bastardsun which disbanded in 2005 following the death of legendary frontman David Wayne (Metal Church, Wayne, Reverend) in a car accident. In 2001, he released "Aphelion I-VI", an electronic project which met with critical acclaim and produced, mixed and mastered albums based out of Soundcage Studio UK (most notably for Irish metal band Scavenger). Stuart went to school in the small port town of Bideford and he now lives there with his wife Antoinette. He also runs a guitar shop in the town (Bideford Bay Guitars) and is a much sought after guitar teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19107540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107540" title="Swiniuchy">
Swiniuchy

Świniuchy (also known as Podhajce or Privetnoye) is a small village in the Volyn Oblast of western Ukraine. It is located approximately 75 miles northeast of the city of Lviv, Ukraine.
Privitne Świniuchy [Polish, Svinyukhi Svinech [Yiddish
History.
Judaism in Swiniuchy.
Jews first settled here in the 16th century. By the year 1897, 629 Jews lived here out of a total of 1,780 people. During World War I, many Jews left the shtetl because of nearby fighting. In 1921, only 173 Jews were living here.
Due to a high birth rate, as most of the Jewish citizens of Świniuchy belonged to the orthodox sects of Olyka and Tuczyn Hasidism, the Jewish population grew to 498 by 1936. In July 1941, the Ukrainian local government police persecuted the Jews of Świniuchy after being ordered to by the Nazi invaders. During October of that year, they were sent to the Lokacze ghetto where they were executed on September 13, 1942. The diary of Michael Diment, the only known survivor of the liquidation of the Jewish population of Swiniuchy is a moving account of the last days of the community. See Michael Diment, "The Lone Survivor: A Diary of the Lukacze Ghetto and Svyniukhy", Ukraine (1992), published by the Holocaust Library in New York.
There are known descendents of the Jews of Świniuchy living in the United States.
Specifically there were former Swiniuchy residents and their descendants who settled in the area of Detroit and Flint Michigan, along with branches of those families scattered in Pittsburgh PA, Toledo OH, and Baltimore, Maryland, and New York City. Very early in its history, the Baltimore community formed a landesmanschaft (organization of Jews from a particular area in Europe) known as the Swiniche Woliner (Volhynya) Benevolent Association, which persists to this day. An extensive family tree of the Schafer family (which comes from Swiniuchy) can be found at http://www.schaferfamily.org. There are also descendants of this family living in Israel.
Life in Pre-War Swiniuchy.
Swiniuchy was an old town with a laid-back feel. As typical of the region, homes were decaying rustic whitewashed clay huts lit by kerosene lamps. The village was, of course, centered around trade. Poles, Ukrainians, and Jews alike shared the small shtetl, living together, though with suspicions. Food was cheap, most of the Jews were observant, and basically all of them were below the poverty line. Also, there was no generation gap, as it was such a small, close-knitted community. Homes were worn, white clay, with thatched roofs.

</doc>
<doc id="19107542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107542" title="All That (season 9)">
All That (season 9)

This is the 9th season of "All That" and the third season of the relaunch era. This season aired from late 2003 until early 2004. This season had only 15 episodes.
Many changes happened before the start of this season. Bryan Hearne left the show after two seasons to focus on his music. During the off-season Nickelodeon advertised a competition called "". It was a nationwide search to find a new cast member. The judges happened to be former cast members Amanda Bynes and Nick Cannon. After this contest ended in early 2003, the finals aired on July 26, 2003. The contest picked five finalists, and all of them performed a sketch with some of the cast members. The winner was Christina Kirkman who joined the show in the season opener. Ryan Coleman, the runner up in the contest, joined mid season. Producers viewed as a good replacement for Hearne.
Ratings wise the show was not doing well. In order to raise ratings the producers brought back old fan favorite sketches, like "Good Burger". However instead of Kel Mitchell in his famous chacacter Ed, they put in Coleman in a test skit. They thought the fit would work, resulting in the revision of the skit.
This would be the final season for Shane Lyons, Giovonnie Samuels, and Jamie Lynn Spears. Producers noticed that Spears' popularity was huge. Like that of Bynes' years ago, producers saw their chance to capitalize on her fame and gave her own show. The show would be called Zoey 101. However unlike Bynes, Spears would to focus full-time on the show. Due to schedule problems. Spears left the show after two seasons. Producers than dumped Lyons and Samuels to make way for new cast members in the following season. Lyons and Samuels had been on the show for three seasons.
The cast of Season 9 continued to do "On-Air Dares". Like the last season. The intro was changed for this season. This time the cast is in the same place. They are dancing in a dark room with the All That logo in the back. It is lighted up. The cast however is now wearing red, unlike that of white in season 7 and 8. The "Oh" sign was brought back, Brummet and Kirkman both held the sign in the intro. It is similar to the previous two seasons. The intro was changed to accommodate Coleman's entry onto the show.
This is the first season since Season 3 to have more female cast members then male and the last season to do so.
In 2004, "All That" won another KCA for Best TV show at the 2004 Kids' Choice Awards.
Cast.
Check season 9 in full series episode list for correct air dates.

</doc>
<doc id="19107548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107548" title="Henry Hajimu Fujii">
Henry Hajimu Fujii

Henry Fujii (August 17, 1886 – November 2, 1976) was a pioneer and Japanese American community leader in the state of Idaho. His primary vocation was in agriculture. In the 1930s, Fujii was recognized as a pioneer in large-scale onion farming, advancing the acreage scale of which a farmer could raise crops. In 1936, he established the Japanese Onion Growers Association and served as the organization's president for over 30 years. 
As a Japanese immigrant living away from the West Coast of the United States, Fujii was not part of the Japanese American internment, maintaining a residence in Nampa, Idaho throughout World War II. Although he, like most other Japanese Americans, was the subject of significant racial persecution in the mid-1940s, Fujii maintained strong community relationships and leadership. His community presence served as a significant contributor to the well-being and rights preservation for Asians in the northwestern United States. The Emperor of Japan awarded Fujii the 6th Order of the Rising Sun, Silver Rays, which represents the sixth highest of eight classes associated with this award. This decoration was presented as a way of acknowledging his efforts in furthering the relationships between Japan and the United States.
In his retirement, Fujii turned to rockhounding and amassed one of the most extensive gem and mineral collections in the northwestern United States. In 1974, Fujii donated a portion of his collection to the State of Idaho, with Governor Cecil D. Andrus personally accepting the donation.
Background.
Hajimu Fujii was born August 17, 1886 in Tottori Prefecture, Japan. He was the fifth son to Yasujiro and Tsune Fujii. As a boy, he helped raise rice and silkworms on their one-ox, farm. In high school, Fujii and some friends decide to immigrate to America upon finishing school. Hajimu, whose name means "The Beginning," didn’t pass his physical examination because of an eye infection, so his classmate, Katsuji Hashitani, went on to America alone. Fujii taught school for a year while returning to full health and borrowed $500 for his fare to America. 
Fujii left Japan for America at the beginning of April 1906 on the ship "Keemun". After an 18-day voyage he arrived in Victoria, BC. He continued on his journey by train to Vancouver, BC, finally arriving in Seattle, WA on May 1 where he joined Hashitani. Hashitani told Fujii that his first name was difficult for Americans to pronounce, so he’d taken the name Henry. Hajimu, not knowing any other common U.S. names, took the name Henry as well.
In December 1908, Fujii partnered with Hashitani and George Shigeya Takeuchi, assuming a lease of an farm and house in Emmett, ID. They raised vegetables and fruit, and supplied produce by horse and wagon to the town of Emmett, and Pearl, a nearby gold mine camp. During each winter farming off-season, Fujii, Hashitani, and Takeuchi studied English, taking lessons three nights a week with a local church pastor. 
Within five years of arriving in the U.S., Fujii had paid back the $500 he had borrowed to come to America and amassed $500 in savings, as well as funding to return to Japan to get married. On December 29, 1911, he married Fumiko Mayeda at Takashiro, Tottori-ken, Japan. Fumiko Mayeda was born on July 12, 1891 at Kochi, Maniwa, Okayama Prefecture, Japan. She was the daughter of a history teacher Fujii had admired when he was a teacher. Fujii returned to the U.S. with his new bride, traveling aboard the SS "Inaba Maru" and arriving on April 23, 1912.
Japanese land law.
Fujii’s ability to purchase land was partly due to his own efforts in fighting the alien land law that had been introduced in the Idaho State Legislature in 1915. Eight years after joining the Japanese Association of Western Idaho (JAWI), Fujii was elected president. His election was the beginning of a 26 year leadership for the JAWI. The association’s usual activities involved such matters as arranging trips to Japan, marriages, funerals, and buying property. 
One of the most serious matters of the JAWI was that of the Japanese land law. California, Oregon, Washington, and other western states had passed laws that prohibited Japanese from owning or leasing land. Idaho’s five Japanese associations organized a federation and elected Fujii, as well as other representatives, to fight a similar law in Idaho. This team successfully lobbied to delay passage of the law, defeat it, and introduce a new law. This new law allowed renewable leases of up to five years. With its passage in 1923, Idaho remained the only state in the West where Japanese immigrants could lease land.

</doc>
<doc id="19107560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107560" title="1997 Scottish Cup Final">
1997 Scottish Cup Final

The 1997 Scottish Cup Final was the 112th final of the Scottish Cup, Scottish football's most prestigious knockout association football competition. The match took place at Ibrox Stadium in Glasgow on 24 May 1997 and was contested by Scottish Premier Division club Kilmarnock and Scottish Division One club Falkirk. It was Kilmarnock's eighth Scottish Cup Final and Falkirk's third. The match was the first Scottish Cup final in forty years not to feature a club from one of Scotland's cities, Falkirk and Kilmarnock being towns, the last coming when the same clubs previously met in the 1957 final.
As Premier and Division One clubs, both Kilmarnock and Falkirk entered the competition in the third round. Neither club won all four of their ties at the first attempt. Kilmarnock defeated three teams from the three tiers below the Premier Division before needing a replay to defeat Dundee United in the semi-finals. Falkirk required two replays to reach the final. They defeated three Premier Division clubs and needed a replay to see off Division Two club Berwick Rangers as well as Celtic in the semi-finals.
The match was Kilmarnock's eighth appearance in the final and Falkirk's third. Kilmarnock had previously won the final twice whilst Falkirk had won both of its previous final appearances. Falkirk's last appearance was in 1957 in a victory over Kilmarnock, whilst it was their first appearance in the final since 1960.
Kilmarnock won the match 1–0, the only goal coming from Paul Wright in the 20th minute of the first half.
Route to the final.
Kilmarnock.
As a Premier Division club, Kilmarnock entered the competition in the third round and were drawn against Division Three club East Stirlingshire who started in the second round. Kilmarnock won the tie 2–0 at Rugby Park. In the fourth round the club was drawn away to Clyde and produced a narrow 1–0 victory to progress to the quarter-finals. Morton was the opposition provided and Kilmarnock triumphed in a 7-goal thriller at Cappielow, winning 5–2. In the semi-finals, Kilmarnock was drawn against Dundee United with the match played at the neutral venue of Easter Road in Edinburgh. The match ended 0–0 with the replay a week later ending in a 1–0 victory for the Ayrshire club. Kilmarnock reached the final for the first time since 1960 when they were defeated by Rangers.
Falkirk.
Along with Kilmarnock, Falkirk started the competition in the third round and were drawn against Berwick Rangers at home. The clubs played out a 1–1 draw with the replay a week later resulting in a 2–1 victory for Falkirk to enter the next round. The club faced rivals Dunfermline Athletic at Brockville Park with the club winning 2–1. The quarter-final draw paired Falkirk with other Fife club, Raith Rovers. Falkirk won the tie to set up a semi-final clash with Celtic. The first tie was played at Ibrox Stadium in Glasgow and ended in a 0–0 draw resulting in a replay. Falkirk emerged 1–0 winners in the replay at Ibrox, progressing to their first in forty years since defeating Kilmarnock in a repeat of the fixture in the 1957 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19107564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107564" title="The Promise (1995 film)">
The Promise (1995 film)

The Promise () is a 1995 German-language film directed by Margarethe von Trotta. It was an international co-production between Germany, France and Switzerland. Two young lovers in Berlin are separated when the Berlin wall goes up, and their stories intertwine during the three decades to German reunification. This film was chosen as Germany's official submission to the 67th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19107577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107577" title="Das Versprechen">
Das Versprechen

Das Versprechen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107582" title="Scott Davies (footballer born 1988)">
Scott Davies (footballer born 1988)

Scott Myles Edward Davies (born 10 March 1988) is a footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Oxford United.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire and attending Aylesbury Grammar School, Davies started his career with Watford's youth system after being spotted whilst playing for Aylesbury senior team.
In 2001, he moved to Wycombe Wanderers before moving to Reading in 2002. In September 2006, Davies joined Conference South side Yeading on loan, scoring the winning goal away at Ramsgate which saw Yeading go on to face Nottingham Forest.
Aldershot Town (loan).
Davies joined Aldershot Town on loan in summer 2007. He was given the number 16 shirt. He made his professional debut in the 2–1 win over Kidderminster Harries on 11 August 2007, he also scored his first goal in the game. He then scored both goals in a 2–1 win over Histon.
At the end of 2007–08 season, Aldershot were promoted. He also won the Conference National goal of the season, with his injury time goal against Torquay United. Davies joined Aldershot for the second time on 23 July 2009.
He made his first Football League appearance in a 3–2 win over Bradford City on 30 August 2009, he also scored his first goal of the season.
Reading.
He made his debut for Reading against Nottingham Forest on 8 August 2009. He made four more appearances before leaving on loan.
Wycombe Wanderers (loan).
On 16 October 2009, Davies signed a one month loan deal with Wycombe Wanderers, making his debut in the 1–1 home draw with Colchester United on 17 October. In his third appearance, he scored two goals in their 3–2 home defeat against Walsall. On 4 January 2010 his loan was extended until 16 January.
On 16 March he joined Yeovil Town on a one month loan deal, playing four games for the club before returning to Reading.
On 9 September 2010 Davies returned to Wycombe on a three-month loan deal.
Crawley Town.
Davies was released by Reading at the end of the 2010–11 season and on 31 May 2011, he signed for League Two side Crawley Town on a free transfer. He made his debut against Macclesfield Town in a 2–0 win but after failing to get regular first team football he joined Aldershot Town on loan on 27 October 2011. He scored his first and only goal for Aldershot in a 2-1 loss to Gillingham on 19 November 2011. After playing just one game during the 2012–13 season Davies had his contract at Crawley terminated by mututal consent on 31 December 2012.
Oxford United.
Davies was signed on non-contract terms by Oxford United on 1 March 2013. Manager Chris Wilder said of him "He's a player we think is definitely worth a look at. He has a very good pedigree and is someone we have kept an eye on for a while now so we are delighted that he has signed for us." He scored his first goal for the club in a 3–2 defeat at former club Aldershot Town on 1 April 2013. On 17 May, Davies confirmed via his Twitter account that he had agreed a new one-year deal with the club, keeping him at Oxford until the end of the 2013–14 season.
International career.
Davies was called up to the Republic of Ireland under-21 squad to face Germany on 10 February 2009. However, he was an unused substitute in the 1–1 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="19107585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107585" title="Slow Gherkin">
Slow Gherkin

Slow Gherkin was an American ska punk band from Santa Cruz, California.
Slow Gherkin was formed in 1993 by AJ Marquez, Zack "ZK" Kent, Phil Boutelle, and James Rickman; they released their first album, "Double Happiness", which was distributed by Asian Man Records, on July 29, 1996. They released their second album, "Shed Some Skin", in 1998. In 2002, the band released "Run Screaming", their final album. The band played a farewell show on August 17 of the same year, but played a sold-out reunion concert at Santa Cruz's Rio Theater on June 18, 2011.
Current projects.
In 2007 Rickman started The Stitch Up, with MU330 front man Dan Potthast. He plays the bass and adds backup vocals.
Matt Porter and A.J. Marquez are currently in a group The Huxtables.

</doc>
<doc id="19107589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107589" title="MV Claymore">
MV Claymore

MV "Claymore" was a car and passenger ferry built in 1978 for Caledonian MacBrayne. For ten years, she operated between Oban and the Outer Isles. Between October 2002 and March 2009, she was the Pentland Ferries relief vessel on the Short Sea Crossing to Orkney. Since March 2009, she has operated, as MV "Sia", a RORO cable-laying and supply vessel.
History.
MV "Claymore" was built by Robb Caledon, Leith for Caledonian MacBrayne and launched on 31 August 1978. The third ferry to bear the name "Claymore", she entered service between Oban and the Outer Isles.
She was out of service for the three months in 1982 after running into rocks at the entrance to Lochboisdale harbour. A collision in 1986 resulted in significant bow damage. She performed the annual Govan Shipbuilders charter with a flat plate welded across the damaged area. It was painted black with a large yellow CalMac lion to make it look less odd.
The cafeteria was refurbished in 1997 when sold to Sea Containers.
On 11 March 2003, in gale force winds, "Claymore" was blown away from her intended berth in St Margaret’s Hope Bay. Her starboard propeller became entangled in the moorings of smaller vessels and the 12 passengers were disembarked safely by the Longhope Lifeboat. The subsequent investigation by the Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) made several recommendations to improve safety.
In March 2009 "Claymore" was sold to CT Offshore ApS, a Danish shipping company and moved to Svendborg. She was renamed "Sia" on the 29 April 2009. The new owners added 4x 600 kW auxiliary engines to supply 4 forward thrusters and 3 aft thrusters, giving dynamic positioning capability for her new cable-laying role.
Layout.
"Claymore" is a larger half-sister to , built by the same shipyard. She has four decks of accommodation including saloons, bars and cabins for 32 passengers. The ticket office is forward of the car deck. The cafeteria is above the lounge bar, reached by two sets of stairs outside the bar. The toilets are next to these stairs.
She had room for 50 cars, loaded via a stern ramp and a 36 ton hoist. The hoist was removed in December 2007.
Service.
"Claymore" entered service on the Outer Isles route from Oban. She remained on this route for ten years, sailing to Barra and Lochboisdale. She made calls at Tobermory, Lochaline on the Morvern coastline, and Coll and Tiree on alternate days. "Claymore" was transferred to the Kennacraig - Islay service in 1989, and in 1993 became CalMac's spare summer vessel. During the summer of 1993 she was on the Clyde, seeing service at Rothesay, Dunoon and Brodick. In 1994 and 1995 "Claymore" provided weekend voyages to Douglas, Isle of Man. For this service she was given an International Passenger Certificate for 300. She was the first vessel to use hoist loading on the Isle of Man. In September 1995 "Claymore" became the first CalMac vessel to visit Wales, under charter to the Hamilton Oil Company. She became probably the most travelled member of the CalMac fleet, visiting twenty-four terminals in total in 1996, her last full year with the company.
In May 1997 "Claymore" was sold to Argyll and Antrim Steam Packet Company, a subsidiary of Sea Containers (Scotland) Ltd. For three years "Claymore" operated a new summer sailing from Campbeltown to Ballycastle, Northern Ireland, providing winter overhaul relief for CalMac under charter. On termination of the Ballycastle service, she was moved to Birkenhead and put on the market. She carried out a five-week charter to the Faroe Islands in June 2000.
Andrew Banks of Pentland Ferries bought "Claymore" for the service between St Margaret's Hope, Orkney and Gills Bay, Caithness in October 2002, where she joined the former CalMac vessel, "Iona", since renamed . On occasions her passengers numbers were limited to twelve.
During the summer of 2006 she was employed on short-term charter as a livestock carrier between Dover and Calais.
CT Offshore list her as a RORO Supply Vessel with dynamic positioning.

</doc>
<doc id="19107597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107597" title="Paraopeba">
Paraopeba

Paraopeba is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 22,204 people living in a total area of . The city belongs to the meso-region of Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the micro-region of Sete Lagoas. It became a municipality in 1911. 
Location.
The city center of Paraopeba is located at an elevation of on the important federal highway BR-040 north of Sete Lagoas. Neighboring municipalities are: Curvelo (N), Cordisburgo (NE), Araçaí, (E), Sete Lagoas (SE), Caetanópolis and Inhaúma (S), Papagaios (W).
Distances
Economic activities.
Services, agriculture, and small industries are the main economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$172 million, with 18 million reais from taxes, 98 million reais from services, 35 million reais from industry, and 20 million reais from agriculture. There were 518 rural producers on 150,000 hectares of land (2006). Approximately 2,200 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are citrus fruits, sugarcane, rice, beans, and corn. There were 32,000 head of cattle, of which 8,000 were milk cows (2006). Only 108 of the rural properties had tractors in 2006. 
Of the working force there were 1,316 workers in 113 small industries, 1,166 workers in 434 retail units, and 628 workers in public administration (2006). 
There were 2 banks (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 2,807 automobiles, 362 trucks, 359 pickup trucks, 42 buses, and 929 motorcycles (2007). 
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 10 health establishments, which included 5 public health clinics, and 4 private clinics (2005). There was 1 private hospital with 29 beds. Educational needs of 5,600 students were met by 13 primary schools, 3 middle schools, and 7 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$216.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19107599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107599" title="1996 Scottish Cup Final">
1996 Scottish Cup Final

The 1996 Scottish Cup Final sponsored by Tennents was played on May 18, 1996 at Hampden Park in Glasgow and was the final of the 111th Scottish Cup. Rangers and Hearts contested the match, Rangers won the match 5–1, thanks to a Gordon Durie hat-trick and a Brian Laudrup brace. In the first half Laudrup put Rangers ahead with a low right foot shot into the left corner of the net after a high pass through from Gordan Durie. The second goal came in the fiftieth minute when Laudrup hit a low left footed cross in from the right which Heart's goalkeeper Gilles Rousset allowed to slip through his hands and under his legs and into the net at the near post. Durie then put Rangers three nill up after he volleyed home with the outside of his right foot after a left wing cross by Laudrup. Colquhoun then pulled a goal back for Hearts with eleven minutes remaining with a low shot before Durie restored Rangers three goal lead a minute later with a right foot shot over the goalkeeper from a Laudrup pass. Durie then completed his hat-trick with a header again from a Laudrop cross from the right.
Because of his two goals and overall performance, the final has since become known as the Laudrup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19107609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107609" title="Deathmaker">
Deathmaker

Deathmaker () is a 1995 German film directed by Romuald Karmakar and starring Götz George, Jürgen Hentsch and Pierre Franckh. The film is based on the transcripts of the interrogation of the notorious serial killer Fritz Haarmann.
The film received several awards and nominations. The film was awarded the Deutscher Filmpreis Best Feature Film, Deutscher Filmpreis Best Direction and Deutscher Filmpreis Best Actor in 1996. Götz George also won the Volpi Cup at the Venice Film Festival for his role. It was chosen as Germany's official submission to the 69th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19107624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107624" title="Epiphone Crestwood">
Epiphone Crestwood

The Epiphone Crestwood was a solidbody electric guitar launched in 1958 and discontinued in 1970. After Epiphone discontinued the Crestwood, a number of re-issues and replicas has been available from different companies.
History.
The Crestwood was launched in 1958 by Epiphone. The guitar was a double cutaway solidbody construction in mahogany with dual New Yorker pickups, three-on-a-side headstock and a pickguard with the Epiphone logo. In late 1959 the guitar was renamed the Crestwood Custom and the body's edges were rounded off and the pickguard got a different design. In 1961 the New Yorker pickups were replaced with minihumbuckers, the dot markers were replaced with oval markers and the pickguard lost its Epiphone logo. By 1963 the body got a slightly longer upper horn, a six on-a-side headstock and the gold plating were replaced with nickel plating. Epiphone also launched the Crestwood DeLuxe which can easily be described as a three pickup version of the Crestwood Custom, it also featured an ebony fretboard with block inlays. The Crestwood DeLuxe was discontinued in 1969 and the Crestwood Custom the year after.

</doc>
<doc id="19107649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107649" title="All That (season 10)">
All That (season 10)

Season 10.
The tenth and final season of All That aired from early 2005 until late 2005. The season aired 15 episodes, beginning with a special to celebrate the 10th anniversary. Approximately 6.2 million total viewers watched the special on both its April 23 and April 24 airings, making it the top cable or broadcast program for the 2-11, 6-11, and 9-14 age demographics.
Intro to the Show.
The intro was similar to "Season 4" It featured the cast on a red carpet, they come out of a limo and greet their fans.
Cast Changes.
The show saw many changes before the start of the season. Shane Lyons and Giovonnie Samuels were both dropped from the show to make room for new cast members. Jamie Lynn Spears got her own show on Nickelodeon and left the show. Producers hired Kianna Underwood and Denzel Whitaker to replace them.
Lil' JJ.
After a five year absence the art of the featured player was brought back to the show. Lil' JJ was brought on as the feature player. Like the last season producers brought back "Vital Information" which had been absent since the 6th season. Producers got Lil' JJ to anchor the sketch. However, he would only appear in the sketch and not take part in any other part of the show.
Season Finale.
Season 10 ended on October 22, 2005 with the show reaching a total of 178 episodes. Since then, Nickelodeon has removed All That from its television line with reruns appearing on TeenNick and ending 22 Episodes before the 200th episode.
Cast.
bold denotes Vital Information anchor only
Check season 10 in full series episode list for correct air dates.
10th Anniversary.
The "Nickelodeon's All That 10th Anniversary Reunion Special" was a television special aired by Nickelodeon to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the sketch comedy series "All That". The special was broadcast on April 23 and April 24, 2005 and featured the cast members of "All That" from both eras, and featuring the "auditions" of two new castmembers, and new castmember Lil' JJ's first Vital Information, although some cast members didn't attend.
"The Reunion Special" was a one hour event, including commercials. The special had many guest stars and crossover sketches with characters from Seasons 1-6 to Seasons 7-9. Characters from the Golden Era include Principle Pimpell, Coach Kreeton, Detective Dan, Fat Cop, and Good Burger. From the Relaunch include Sugar and Coffee, Randy Quench, and Trash 'n Fashion. Bow Wow sings the "All That" theme opening featuring Lisa Foiles, Chelsea Brummet, and Kianna Underwood, which becomes the final segment during the Reunion. Thus, the cast members declare the special over after concluding with the words, "...And that's, All That!!".
During the special All That week to the Reunion (April 18–22, 2005), Nickelodeon created a special "All That" week by airing episodes from the first six seasons, leading up to the "reunion special" hosted by Frankie Muniz on April 23. Ashanti and Bow Wow were the musical guests.
The last segment of the special paid tribute to the ending soundclip of the original seasons. As the room for the anniversary party was empty, Kenan and Kel stood sleeping in the costumes of their roles as old men. Kenan woke up and says "Hey, Clavis!, wake up, the show's over," and Kel responds with his signature, "Ah yeah, kick it". They then turn and slowly walk away as the screen fades to black in a dramatic yet subtle ending to the 10 year tribute.
Chronologically, the "Anniversary" and "Season 10" of All That were filmed in Fall 2004, then Nickelodeon came to air them the following year. After the Anniversary ended, Season 10 began airing a week later, on April 30, 2005.
The list below shows the entire list of cast members. Cast members marked with an attended the event. Cast members marked with an did not attend the event. Cast members in bold font had a speaking role in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19107656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107656" title="Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994">
Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994

Finland took part at the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, held in Dublin, Ireland, represented by sisters Virpi and Katja Kätkä as "CatCat" with the song "Bye Bye Baby".
The Finnish entry was chosen through a national final, where 10 songs fought to represent Finland. The final was held on 5 March 1994, hosted by Jukka Laaksonen, Juha Laitila and Joonas Myllyveräjä.
National final.
The Finnish national final was held at the Tampere-Talo in Tampere. The winner was chosen by televoting and from the votes of the studio audience.
At Eurovision.
Beat performed 2nd, following Sweden and preceding Ireland. At the close of the voting, despite have high hopes from the Finns, they had received 11 points, placing 22nd of 25 and relegating Finland from the 1995 contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19107660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107660" title="Leslie Allen">
Leslie Allen

Leslie Allen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107663" title="SS Cabrillo">
SS Cabrillo

SS "Cabrillo" was an wooden steamship used to deliver tourists across California's San Pedro Channel to Santa Catalina Island.
The "Banning Era".
The Banning brothers of Wilmington played a huge role in transportation to the island even before their purchase in 1891. The Bannings owned the Wilmington Transportation Company, and provided the steamships used to deliver tourists from Los Angeles to the island's city of Avalon. When they eventually bought the island in 1891, their company had already provided the necessary transportation to Catalina. However, with new technology and a growing population of visitors, steamships were being replaced quite frequently. The Banning brothers, who now owned the island, showed even more interest in improving passenger service to Catalina. So they designed two steamships specifically for the Catalina run. The first was the SS "Hermosa II", followed by the SS "Cabrillo". Once the construction of the "Hermosa II" was underway, the Bannings soon realized that the ship would not be big enough to accommodate the island's growing tourism. Before the launch of the "Hermosa", plans for the construction of the SS "Cabrillo" had already begun. On February 15, 1904, early in the morning, the "Cabrillo" was launched and, at the time, was the finest ship on the run. The Bannings had hoped for a ship that was faster, bigger, and better in every way, and that is just what the "Cabrillo" was. She could carry up to 1,200 passengers. With a luxurious interior, a social hall, 10 staterooms, and food service on the main deck, the SS "Cabrillo" immediately became the favorite ship amongst the general public traveling to Catalina.
The "Wrigley Era".
During the turn of the century, the Bannings ran into financial problems with loss of tourism due to World War I and the fire of 1915 that destroyed more than half of Avalon. With failed attempts to rebuild, the Bannings were forced to sell the island in shares. William Wrigley Jr., the inventor of chewing gum, fell in love with the island and bought out all the shares from owners until he owned all of Catalina Island. He soon rebuilt all of Avalon, and Catalina was back in business. During this era, the island was starting to become world known, resulting in a massive increase in tourism. The SS "Hermosa II" and the SS "Cabrillo" were not at all ready for what was coming their way. Mr. Wrigley understood this and had a plan that would change Catalina forever.
Sailing with the great whites.
William Wrigley Jr. understood the great importance of water transportation to the island. He wanted there to be a balance between comfort, convenience, and magnificence. His plan was to add two more ships to the fleet. The first ship he introduced was the in 1920, followed by the in 1924. Both ships were far faster than the "Cabrillo", held large ballrooms and could carry close to 2,000 passengers. The SS "Cabrillo" was then used, only, for passenger service to the Isthmus. With the demise of the SS "Hermosa II", the SS "Cabrillo", SS "Avalon", and SS "Catalina" were the only steamships to, ever again, be used on the Catalina run.
World War II.
With the outbreak of World War II, the island was taken over by the U.S. military, as well as all of the ships of the Wilmington Transportation Company. The SS "Avalon" was left behind for limited transportation to and from the mainland, while the SS "Catalina" and SS "Cabrillo" were taken to San Francisco Bay to serve as troop transports in the bay and surrounding areas. After the war had ended, the SS "Catalina" was taken back to be used for ferry services to and from the island, while the "Cabrillo" was purchased by the U.S. Army who operated her until 1947 where she was brought to the Cuttings Wharf in Napa, California.
Current state.
The SS "Cabrillo" was put up for sale, but there were no buyers, so she was left in the Cuttings Wharf. Being stripped of all machinery and any other useful equipment, she was abandoned on the shores of the Napa River, beginning the final chapter of her life. Over the years, she has slowly deteriorated to almost nothing. She has been stripped of her entire superstructure, and today, nothing, if anything, is left but the hull. The SS "Cabrillo" has served Catalina Island for over 40 years, and was the last wooden steamer of her kind to deliver passengers to and from the island. She had the greatest on the run, and the smallest on the run. She served both Two Harbors and Avalon, and was fortunate enough to be sailing alongside the great white steamers of her time.

</doc>
<doc id="19107666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107666" title="Adelbert van Roxe">
Adelbert van Roxe

Adelbert van Roxe (born 23 May 1952, Brussels) is a Belgian businessman.
van Roxe has headed many of the recent developments at Royal Dutch Shell - these include the company's 'Green Campaign'. As a result, On top of being one of the pioneers of the company, He has become an established figure within Shell. Mr van Roxe recently has opted to take a non-executive role. He is also a wealthy property magnate and owns several homes around the world. He currently resides in Covent Garden, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19107680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107680" title="Chris Prelitz">
Chris Prelitz

'"Christopher Prelitz" (born 1956) is an author, sustainability consultant, and green building designer with a design-build firm based in Laguna Beach, Ca.
Author, "'Green Made Easy: The Everyday Guide for Transitioning to a Green Lifestyle" was published by Hay House in April, 2009.
Co- founder of CASBA, The California Straw Bulders Organization, a California NGO responsible for California code and DOE adoption of strawbale construction. 
Mr. Prelitz built the first permitted solar powered residence in Southern California in 1993.
Early life.
Paul Christopher Prelitz was born in 1956 in Memphis, Tennessee, the oldest of 6 siblings. Son of Paul Philip Prelitz, an ocean and aerospace engineer and a mother of Native American descent.
Prelitz holds a Bachelor of Arts from California State University, Fullerton, and is a graduate of Duke University's Environmental Leadership program.
Mr. Prelitz worked in the Art and Entertainment departments of Disney Corporation, Anaheim California.

</doc>
<doc id="19107682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107682" title="Jediism">
Jediism

Jediism is a nontheistic new religious movement based on the philosophical and spiritual ideas of the Jedi as depicted in "Star Wars" media.
History.
Although inspired by elements of "Star Wars", Jediism has no founder or central structure.
Early websites dedicated to drawing a belief system from the "Star Wars" films were "The Jedi Religion" and "Jediism". These websites cited the Jedi code, consisting of 21 maxims, as the starting point for a "real Jedi" belief system.
The Temple of the Jedi Order, which was registered in 2005 in Texas as a non-profit organization, has promulgated a code, "The 16 Teachings of the Jedi".
Beliefs.
Although followers of Jediism acknowledge the influence of "Star Wars" on their religion, by following the moral and spiritual codes demonstrated by the fictional Jedi, they also insist their path is different from that of the fictional characters and that Jediism does not focus on the myth and fiction found in "Star Wars".
The Jedi follow the "16 teachings", which are based on the presentation of the fictional Jedi, as well as "21 maxims".
Census phenomenon and recognition.
Jediism received press coverage following a worldwide email campaign in 2001 urging people to write "Jedi" as their answer to the religion classification question in their country's census. The majority of such respondents are assumed to have claimed the faith as a joke.
In the 2001 England and Wales census, 390,127 respondents indicated Jediism as their faith. 2012 census figures had dropped to 176,632, although this was still more common than some other "alternative" faiths, and was the seventh most common response overall.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics chose not to recognise Jediism as a religion, and the decline in subsequent years was seen as an indication that it was a transitory "fad". Statistics New Zealand assigned Jedi an official religion code, but noted that the total was combined with groups such as "The Church of Elvis" and "Rugby, Racing and Beer" under "responses deemed outside the scope of recognised religions". An SNZ spokeswoman noted that there was no "magic number" of followers which would turn a census result into a religion.
The phenomenon attracted the attention of sociologist of religion Adam Possamai who analyzed Jediism in the framework of what he dubs "hyper-real religion".
During the drafting of the UK Racial and Religious Hatred Act, an amendment was proposed that excluded Jedi Knights from any protection, along with Satanists and believers in animal sacrifice. The amendment was subsequently withdrawn, the proposer explaining that it was "a bit of a joke" to illustrate a point that defining religious belief in legislation is difficult.
In 2008, 23-year-old Daniel Jones founded the "International Church of Jediism" with his brother Barney, believing that the 2001 UK census recognized Jediism as a religion, and that there were "more Jedi than Scientologists in Britain". In 2009, Jones was removed from a Tesco supermarket in Bangor, North Wales, for refusing to remove his hood on a religious basis. The owner justified Jones's ejection by saying, "He hasn't been banned. Jedis are very welcome to shop in our stores although we would ask them to remove their hoods. Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda and Luke Skywalker all appeared hoodless without ever going over to the Dark Side and we are only aware of the Emperor as one who never removed his hood."
In 2010, a man who described himself as a "Star Wars follower" and "Jedi Knight" was thrown out of a Jobcentre in Southend, Essex, for refusing to remove his hood, and later received an apology. The man said that "The main reason is I want to wear my hood up and I have got a religion which allows me to do that."

</doc>
<doc id="19107683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107683" title="Rustam, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa">
Rustam, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Rustam is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.</ref> It is located at 34°21'0N 72°17'0E and has an altitude of 369m (1213 feet). Rustam is surrounded by the mountains of chengay baba, shabaz ghara, sar malang and Kashmir smasta. Rustam is famous for its agri products – fruits and vegetables. In education, the Rustam has recently moved forward with the establishments of private sector collages such as Unicom College of Business Studies ( http:www.unicom.edu.pk ) and Sudham Children Academy and College. The Government High Schools for boys and Girls are well established and many well known social contributors have took their early education in these schools. Currently, A brand new building is under-construction for the Postgraduate Girls College.

</doc>
<doc id="19107685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107685" title="Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Louis I of Anhalt-Köthen (Dessau, 17 June 1579 – Köthen, 7 January 1650), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the unified principality of Anhalt. From 1603, he was ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen. He was also a founder of the first German Society (the Fruitbearing Society).
Louis was the seventh son of Joachim Ernest, Prince of Anhalt, but fifth-born son of his second wife Eleonore, daughter of Christoph, Duke of Württemberg.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1586, Louis inherited the principality of Anhalt jointly with his half- and full brothers. The youngest of all the sons of Joachim Ernest who survived adulthood, he grew up in Dessau at the court of his older brother and guardian, John George I.
From 1596 to 1597 the seventeen-year-old Louis made a Grand Tour of Europe by traveling to Great Britain, France, and the Netherlands. By the beginning of 1598 he was in Switzerland, then visited Austria, Hungary, and Italy, where he remained until 1602. During a stay in Florence, Louis was accepted (with the assistance of his Italian tutor Bastiano de' Rossi) as the first German member of the Accademia della Crusca, in which he was known by the name "L'Acceso."
In 1603 a formal division of the principality of Anhalt was agreed upon by the surviving co-rulers. Louis received Köthen, where he took up his principal residence.
Militarily and politically Louis remained cautious, preferring to promote agriculture vigorously. He built his new "Schloss" (official residence) in Italian style and had his court adopt Italian manners. With his financial support, a major educational initiative was launched in Köthen in 1619 under the auspices of Wolfgang Ratke. Problems with the local clergy led to Ratke's imprisonment for eight months, and Louis left this project incomplete.
On the occasion of the funeral of his sister Dorothea Maria, Duchess of Saxe-Weimar, on 24 August 1617, the seneschal Kaspar von Teutleben proposed the establishment of a society on the model of the Accademia della Crusca. The creation of the Fruitbearing Society was decided upon and Louis was appointed its first leader, a post he held until his death. As a member, Louis used the Latin motto "Vita mihi Christ, morse lucrum."
During the Thirty Years' War, King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden transferred the governorship of the Dioceses of Magdeburg and Halberstadt to Louis. This provoked the anger of Count Axel Oxenstierna, who desired that post. This was also a source of tension in the Fruitbearing Society, because Oxenstierna was a member.
Marriages and Issue.
In Rheda on 31 October 1606 Louis married Amöena Amalie (b. Bentheim, 19 March 1586 - d. Oldenburg, 8 September 1625), daughter of Arnold III, Count of Bentheim-Steinfurt-Tecklenburg-Limburg, and younger sister of Anna, the wife of Prince Christian I of Anhalt-Bernburg, Louis's older brother. They had two children:
The death of his only son left Louis without an heir, but it was only after the death of his wife eighteen months later that he decided to find a new wife who bore the needed heir to his principality.
In Detmold on 12 September 1626 Louis married for a second time to Sophie (b. Detmold, 16 August 1599 - d. Köthen, 19 March 1654), daughter of Simon VI, Count of Lippe. They had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19107699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107699" title="Edward H. Kendall">
Edward H. Kendall

Edward Hale Kendall (July 30, 1842 – March 10, 1901) was an American architect with a practice in New York City.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Kendall was one of the first generation of Americans to study in Paris; he apprenticed in the office of the construction engineer Gridley James Fox Bryant, Boston. He moved to New York where he collaborated with Bryant's collaborator in developing Boston's Back Bay, Arthur Gilman, in building the Equitable Life Assurance Society Building (1868–71). He soon established independent practice and was a member (1868) and eventually President (1892–93) of the American Institute of Architects, in which capacity he presided over the AIA conventions held during the World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago 1893.
After the humiliating defeat of an Act to License the Practice of Architecture in New York (1892), The Tarsney Act of 1893, by which the Federal Government was to hire private architects through competitions, was passed by Congress largely owing to his persistence as president of the American Institute of Architects.
Kendall died in New York in 1901.
Selected works.
All works were in New York, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19107705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107705" title="Eri (given name)">
Eri (given name)

Possible writings.
Eri can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19107707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107707" title="Lysimachia fraseri">
Lysimachia fraseri

Lysimachia fraseri is a rare species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name Fraser's yellow loosestrife. It is native to the Southeastern United States, where it is listed as an endangered species in several states. 
Description.
"Lysimachia fraseri" is a rhizomatous perennial herb reaching about in maximum height, or taller in moist conditions. It has a slender, erect stem coated in black-tipped glandular hairs, especially near each whorl of leaves. The whorls are composed of 3 to 6 leaves each on the upper stem, and the leaves toward the base are paired oppositely. The leaves are lance-shaped to nearly oval in shape and up to 15 centimeters long. They are dotted with black glands and there is a narrow but usually distinct dark or reddish strip along the margin of each leaf. 
The inflorescence is up to 25 centimeters long with many flowers, each just over a centimeter wide. The lance-shaped sepals are glandular and outlined in red like the leaves. The flat face of the flower is made up of five yellow oval petals. The fruit is a capsule containing many brown seeds. 
This species is similar in appearance to other "Lysimachia" species; it can often be distinguished from them by its solid yellow petals and the granular appearance of the glandular hairs on its upper stem and foliage. 
Distribution.
"Lysimachia fraseri" grows in areas near water, such as gravelly river banks and ditches, and thrives in disturbed areas, undergoing cycles of increase and decrease as it takes over cleared land and is shaded out by taller plants. When the growing plant is exposed to sun through a break in the canopy it grows robustly. 
Plants growing in shaded situations are often sterile. As the species depends on the sunlight in open areas for its fertility, human suppression of wildfire leading to the overgrowth of canopy is a threat to its success. This species is named for the Scottish botanist John Fraser.

</doc>
<doc id="19107713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107713" title="Euler spiral">
Euler spiral

An Euler spiral is a curve whose curvature changes linearly with its curve length (the curvature of a circular curve is equal to the reciprocal of the radius). Euler spirals are also commonly referred to as spiros, clothoids or Cornu spirals.
Euler spirals have applications to diffraction computations. They are also widely used as transition curve in railroad engineering/highway engineering for connecting and transiting the geometry between a tangent and a circular curve. The principle of linear variation of the curvature of the transition curve between a tangent and a circular curve defines the geometry of the Euler spiral: 
Applications.
Track transition curve.
An object traveling on a circular path experiences a centripetal acceleration. When a vehicle traveling on a straight path suddenly transitions to a tangential circular path, it experiences a sudden centripetal acceleration starting at the tangent point; and this centripetal force acts instantly causing much discomfort (causing jerk).
On early railroads this instant application of lateral force was not an issue since low speeds and wide-radius curves were employed (lateral forces on the passengers and the lateral sway was small and tolerable). As speeds of rail vehicles increased over the years, it became obvious that an easement is necessary so that the centripetal acceleration increases linearly with the traveled distance. Given the expression of centripetal acceleration , the obvious solution is to provide an easement curve whose curvature, , increases linearly with the traveled distance. This geometry is an Euler spiral.
Unaware of the solution of the geometry by Leonhard Euler, Rankine cited the cubic curve (a polynomial curve of degree 3), which is an approximation of the Euler spiral for small angular changes in the same way that a parabola is an approximation to a circular curve.
Marie Alfred Cornu (and later some civil engineers) also solved the calculus of Euler spiral independently. Euler spirals are now widely used in rail and highway engineering for providing a transition or an easement between a tangent and a horizontal circular curve.
Optics.
The Cornu spiral can be used to describe a diffraction pattern.
Formulation.
Symbols.
The graph on the right illustrates an Euler spiral used as an easement (transition) curve between two given curves, in this case a straight line (the negative "x" axis) and a circle. The spiral starts at the origin in the positive "x" direction and gradually turns anticlockwise to osculate the circle.
The spiral is a small segment of the above double-end Euler spiral in the first quadrant.
Expansion of Fresnel integral.
If a = 1, which is the case for normalized Euler curve, then the Cartesian coordinates are given by Fresnel integrals (or Euler integrals):
Expand C(L) according to power series expansion of cosine:
Expand S(L) according to power series expansion of sine:
Normalization and conclusion.
For a given Euler curve with:
or
then
where formula_22 and formula_23.
The process of obtaining solution of of an Euler spiral can thus be described as:
In the normalization process,
Then
Generally the normalization reduces L' to a small value (<1) and results in good converging characteristics of the Fresnel integral manageable with only a few terms (at a price of increased numerical instability of the calculation, esp. for bigger "formula_31" values.).
Illustration.
Given:
Then
And
We scale down the Euler spiral by √60,000, i.e.100√6 to normalized Euler spiral that has:
And
The two angles formula_38 are the same. This thus confirm that the original and normalized Euler spirals are having geometric similarity. The locus of the normalized curve can be determined from Fresnel Integral, while the locus of the original Euler spiral can be obtained by scaling back / up or denormalizing.
Other properties of normalized Euler spiral.
Normalized Euler spiral can be expressed as:
Normalized Euler spiral has the following properties:
And
Note that formula_45 also means formula_46, in agreement with the last mathematical statement.
Code for producing an Euler spiral.
The following Sage code produces the second graph above. The first four lines express the Euler spiral component. Fresnel functions could not be found. Instead, the integrals of two expanded Taylor series are adopted. The remaining code expresses respectively the tangent and the circle, including the computation for the center coordinates.
The following is Mathematica code for the Euler spiral component (it works directly in wolframalpha.com):
codice_1

</doc>
<doc id="19107731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107731" title="Front Page Story">
Front Page Story

Front Page Story is a 1954 British drama film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Jack Hawkins, Elizabeth Allan and Eva Bartok.

</doc>
<doc id="19107751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107751" title="Anna Vasilchikova">
Anna Vasilchikova

Anna Vasilchikova ("Анна Васильчикова") was Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and was the fifth wife of Ivan the Terrible. Very little is known of her background. She married Ivan in January 1575 without the blessing of the Ecclesiastical Council of the Russian Orthodox Church. She was repudiated by her husband and made a nun in a monastery. The date of her death is uncertain, having been variously described as occurring in 1576–77. There are beliefs that she met a violent death.Most likely she was tortured by orders from her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19107755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107755" title="Buddy Powers">
Buddy Powers

Francis "Buddy" Powers is the current assistant coach for the Boston University men's ice hockey team. He is the former Ice Arena Director for the BGSU Ice Arena and play by play commentator for the Bowling Green Ice Hockey on The Buckeye Cable Sports Network.
Playing career.
Buddy Powers played Left Wing for three seasons at Boston University (BU) from 1972 to '75. He played 90 games during his time at BU, which placed third in the 1974 and ’75 NCAA Tournaments and compiled a 49-13-1 record over his final two years with the team. After graduating from BU in 1975, Powers went on to play professional hockey in Europe. He played two years (1976–78) as a defenseman for Kaufbeuren, West Germany and helped the team to a Division II Championship during his first season. He finished his playing career at Krefeld, Germany in 1979-80, assisting the team to the playoff finals.
College Coaching career.
During his time coaching, Powers has had five players earn First-Team All-America honors, four have been finalists for the Hobey Baker Award, including 1995 Hobey Baker Award winner Brian Holzinger. Nineteen of his former players played professional hockey in North America, with four playing in the NHL.
Colgate.
After finishing his professional hockey career in 1980, Powers joined the Colgate University coaching staff as an assistant coach under head coach Terry Slater. In his first season at Colgate, the team made the NCAA Tournament.
Bowling Green State University (assistant coach).
After the conclusion of the 1981-82 season, Powers became an assistant coach on the Bowling Green State University (BGSU) coaching staff under head coach Jerry York. In 1984, his first season as assistant coach, BGSU posted a 34-8-2 record and won Bowling Green's only NCAA National Championship for ice hockey. During his time as BGSU's assistant coach from 1982–1988, BGSU was the Central Collegiate Hockey Association (CCHA) regular season champions in 1982, 1983, 1984, 1987 and CCHA tournament champions in 1988. The team made the NCAA tournament in 1982, 1984, 1987, and 1988. Powers served as the team’s top assistant, chief recruiter, and on-ice instructor for BGSU. Under York and Powers, the Falcons were 174-74-8 (.695 pct.), including 129-50-8 (.710 pct.) in league play and finished either first or second in the CCHA on five occasions
Rochester Institute of Technology.
Following the 1988 season, Powers accepted the head coaching position with the Division III Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT). In his first and only season with RIT, he led the Tigers to a 26-8-2 record. The team won the ECAC West Championship. The team made it to the NCAA Championship game but lost to University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point by a score of 3-2.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Powers went on to become the head coach of Division I Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) for the 1989-90 season. The Engineers enjoyed improved seasons during Powers' tenure as head coach. The team qualified for the ECAC Tournament in 1990, 1992, 1993, and 1994. In 1994, the team returned to the ECAC Championship Game and the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1985. In his five seasons at RPI, Powers led the Engineers to a record of 94-63-13 including three 20-or-more-wins seasons. in 1995, Powers returned to Bowling Green, this time as head coach.
Return to Bowling Green (head coach).
Powers was appointed the head coach at Bowling Green on July 12, 1994, becoming the fourth head coach in the program’s history. During the 1994-'95 campaign, Powers led the Falcons to a 25-11-2 record and a second-place finish in the CCHA. It marked their best finish in the league in eight years. He was named the CCHA’s Coach of the Year and was a finalist for the Spencer Penrose Award presented annually to the nation’s top head coach. Also that year, Brian Holzinger was named CCHA player of the Year. Holzinger won the NCAA All-American Award in ice hockey along with BGSU's Kelly Perrault. Holzinger became BGSU's second Hobey Baker Award winner, the other being George McPhee in 1982 during Powers' first season as BGSU's assistant coach. 
Although the first half of his time as BGSU's head coach was strong, the lack of top players coming to BGSU affected his overall record; Powers finished sub-.500 in his last 5 seasons as BGSU's bench boss. 
Over eight seasons as BG's head coach, Powers has compiled a 135-149-26 record at Bowling Green. Powers is 12th all-time among CCHA coaches with 85 league victories with the Falcons and is 10 CCHA victories shy of entering the Top 10.
Return to Boston University (assistant coach).
In August, 2009, Powers joined BU as an assistant coach.
International Coaching career.
Powers served as an assistant coach at the 1989 United States Olympic Festival and as head coach at the 1993 United States Olympic Festival games. He also coached the United States during the USA Cup Challenge in 1992. Powers joined the USA Hockey National Team Development Program in 2002 and served as an assistant coach in the 2002-2003 season.
Other Hockey Related Positions.
Powers served on the Board of Governors of the American Hockey Coaches Association from 1993–1996 and was the director of BGSU’s Summer Hockey School held annually during the last two weeks of July. Powers was a representative of the Central Collegiate Hockey Association and BGSU on the NCAA Division I Ice Hockey Committee. He also served as Ice Arena Director at BGSU and was the color commentator for BGSU ice hockey games on BCSN.

</doc>
<doc id="19107757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107757" title="Cask'n Flagon">
Cask'n Flagon

The Cask 'n Flagon is a restaurant and sports bar with locations at Fenway Park in Boston and on rt. 139 in Marshfield, MA.
ESPN has rated it "Top baseball bar in America." 
The bar/restaurant began as a small neighborhood bar known as Oliver's over forty years ago. What was once known as the little bar on the corner of Brookline Avenue is now a landmark location for diehard Boston sports fans, college students, locals and tourists.
Many have said the bar is as synonymous to Fenway Park as the infamous Green Monster and the Citgo sign. 
Oliver's Nightclub is a part of the Cask building and is located in the rear of the restaurant. It hosts live music two nights a week and a dance party on Saturday nights. Oliver's has hosted live music artists such as Bruce Springsteen and jam session with Jimi Hendrix. Oliver's features a huge dance floor, state-of-the-art sound and light system, (6) 12 foot HD projectors.
The Fenway location is directly across the street from Fenway Park on the corner of Brookline and Lansdowne Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="19107763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107763" title="Music Inspired by Watership Down">
Music Inspired by Watership Down

Music Inspired by Watership Down is a progressive rock album by Swedish musician Bo Hansson. The album is Hansson's fourth solo album and is, as its name suggests, built around musical ideas inspired by Richard Adams' heroic fantasy novel "Watership Down". It was the second album of Hansson's to have been based on a novel; his first solo album, "Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings", had likewise been based on J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings". Hansson had already composed and released a musical suite inspired by "Watership Down" on his previous album "Attic Thoughts". However, beyond its title, the "Music Inspired by Watership Down" album contains few overt references to the novel and instead features excerpts from the works of various poets, such as John Keats and Alexander Pope. 
"Music Inspired by Watership Down" was originally released in Sweden as "El-Ahrairah" by YTF Records in 1977. This title was taken directly from the pages of "Watership Down", with El-Ahrairah being the name of a trickster, folk hero-deity rabbit, known as "The Prince with a Thousand Enemies". The album was subsequently released with its English title by Charisma Records in the United Kingdom and Sire Records in the United States, but it failed to chart on either side of the Atlantic. "Music Inspired by Watership Down" was reissued on CD in 2004 by Virgin Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bo Hansson except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19107767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107767" title="Gakko ja Oshierarenai!">
Gakko ja Oshierarenai!

Plot.
Mai Aida (Kyoko Fukada) is a third year English teacher at an all-girls private school. Since fewer students are enrolling at the school, they decide to accept boys. Five boys start to attend the school. To help them adjust, Mai Aida helps them to come in contact with some girls by creating the "Social Dance Club". However, as the boys and girls at the "Social Dance Club" start to get along with each other and even fall in love, their project is not only threatened by the vice principal, but also by the devious leader of the student's council who has her very own agenda as to why she wants the club to stop.

</doc>
<doc id="19107775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107775" title="Lorna Cordeiro">
Lorna Cordeiro

Lorna Cordeiro, popularly known as Lorna, is a Konkani language singer and tiatrist from the state of Goa, India.
Early life.
Lorna was born in Bombay on 9 August 1946 to Cecelia and Theophilus Cordeiro and was brought up there. She belongs to the Goan Catholic community, a prominent Christian community in Bombay. Her parents originally hail from Saligao, Goa. Lorna was the third child born in a family of 6 children consisting had 3 brothers and 3 sisters. She considers her family as typical Bombay-Goan family. Lorna had completed her education in Bombay and had finished her metriculation (SSC) there. Lorna used to love music from her childhood and particularly she liked singing Konkani songs.
Career.
Lorna was one of the dominant Goan Singers, particularly in the 1970s. She regards Chris Perry as her "guru" (teacher) and credits him for bringing to light her singing talent and making her a popular singer. Lorna's family encouraged and supported her singing talents. From the age of 15, for 9 years, she sang for Chris Perry’s Band in English, basically as a Jazz singer in Star Hotels and Night Clubs in Bombay, Delhi, Calcutta, Madras and Bangalore. She has sung many popular songs composed / arranged by Chris Perry which remain unforgettable hits.
Some songs sung by her are:

</doc>
<doc id="19107777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107777" title="2008–09 Estonian Cup">
2008–09 Estonian Cup

Estonian Cup 2008–09 was the twenty-second season of the Estonian football knockout tournament. Winners of the cup qualified for the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10. The defending champions were Flora Tallinn, who successfully defended their title this year.
First round.
The following teams received a bye in this round:
Third round.
1 were disqualified from the competition because of the use of an ineligible player in their game against Ganvix.

</doc>
<doc id="19107786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107786" title="Tripp Family Homestead">
Tripp Family Homestead

Tripp Family Homestead, also known as "Tripp House", is a historic house at 1101 N. Main Avenue in Scranton, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.
The oldest portion of the house was built around 1771 by Isaac Tripp, Scranton's first settler. Isaac Tripp II began later modification around 1778 and Isaac Tripp III further renovated the home in 1812, which left the building in a Federal style. The building stayed in the Tripp family until 1900 and is the oldest building in Lackawanna County. It is open as a special events facility.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
References.
Tripp Family Homestead, also known as "Tripp House", is a historic house at 1011 N. Main Avenue in Scranton, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.
The oldest portion of the house was built around 1771 by Isaac Tripp, Scranton's first settler. Isaac Tripp II began later modification around 1778 and Isaac Tripp III further renovated the home in 1812, which left the building in a Federal style. The building stayed in the Tripp family until 1900 and is the oldest building in Lackawanna County. It is open as a special events facility.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19107794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107794" title="Kuolajoki River">
Kuolajoki River

Kuolajoki River (, ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia and in Lapland, Finland. It is 30 km in length. The area of its basin is 1,635 km². The Kuolajoki River originates in the Lake Kuolajarvi in Russia and flows into the Tenniöjoki River in Finland. Its biggest tributary is the Kolsanoya River.

</doc>
<doc id="19107798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107798" title="Titus Books (publisher)">
Titus Books (publisher)

Titus Books (Les Éditions de Titus) is an independent publisher operating out of New Zealand and France. Founded in 2005, it was noted by reviewer Katherine Liddy in "Landfall" as an "exciting" addition to New Zealand literature. ("Landfall 211": May, 2006)
Publishing a mixture of emerging and established novelists, poets and translators, authors have included Ted Jenner, David Lyndon Brown, Bronwyn Lloyd, Kendrick Smithyman, Alex Wild, Olwyn Stewart, Stephen Oliver Bill Direen [http://www.bookcouncil.org.nz/writers/direenbill.html, Mike Johnson Jack Ross [http://www.bookcouncil.org.nz/writers/rossjack.html, Richard von Sturmer, Rogelio Guedea :es:Rogelio Guedea [http://www.rogelioguedea.com], Scott Hamilton, Richard Taylor and Jen Crawford. Contributors to the literary journal Percutio have included Geoff Cush, Wystan Curnow, Jacques Coulardeau, Ted Jenner and many others.
Founding members organise launches and hard copy sales, edit the periodical ("Percutio" and edit web resources such as "Auto-/fiction" [http://titus.books.online.fr/html/Auto-Fiction.htm, or "Open Access Essays" [http://titus.books.online.fr/WebMagazines/index.html]. 

</doc>
<doc id="19107802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107802" title="The Life &amp; Times of Tim">
The Life &amp; Times of Tim

The Life & Times of Tim is an HBO comedy animated television series, which premiered on September 28, 2008. The series was created by Steve Dildarian, and is about a hapless man in his mid-20's named Tim (Steve Dildarian) who lives in New York City with his girlfriend Amy. Throughout the series, Tim constantly finds himself in increasingly awkward situations in both his work and personal life. 
The first season aired in 2008 and has since been aired in numerous countries, and has developed a cult following. The second season debuted on February 19, 2010 on HBO. On June 4, 2010, HBO announced it was canceling the show. There were rumors that it was going to be picked up by another network. On the 16th of August, 2010, it was announced HBO had reversed their original decision to cancel the show, and as a result, a third season was ordered. Season 3 of The Life and Times of Tim premiered on December 16, 2011.
The first season was released on DVD on February 9, 2010, the second season was released on DVD on December 13, 2011, and the third season was released on DVD on December 18, 2012.
On April 20, 2012, HBO cancelled the series after three seasons.
The theme song is "I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive" performed by country music star Hank Williams.
Production.
It is the first HBO animated original since "Todd McFarlane's Spawn", which aired from 1997 to 1999. "Life & Times" was originally developed for Fox in 2007, but was instead picked up by HBO for 10 episodes. The first season ran from September 28, 2008 to November 30, 2008 on HBO.
Dildarian, in addition to providing the voice of Tim, serves as the series' executive producer. Dildarian is most notable for his famous "Budweiser Lizards" campaign. He is also known for his animated short "Angry Unpaid Hooker", which was awarded the Best Animated Short at the 2006 Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen and is the basis for "The Life & Times of Tim". Tom Werner ("That '70s Show", "3rd Rock from the Sun", and "The Cosby Show"), Jimmy Miller (' and ') and Mike Clements executive produce as well.
The show aired its last original episode on February 17, 2012. HBO has canceled the series.
Cast.
Guest voices have included Bob Saget as Party Marty (a coworker of Tim's), Jeff Garlin as Stu's dad, Melanie Lynskey as Becky, Cheri Oteri as Blobsnark, Bashko's daughter, Daniel Tosh as Theo the "Internet Technology" guy, Trevor Moore as Larry, owner of "Larry's Bras & Hooker Outfits", Aziz Ansari, Elliott Gould as Dr. Fishman, Bob Odenkirk as the "Bathroom Guy," and Marc Wootton as Ringmaster.
Episodes.
Each 30 minute episode consists of two 15 minute segments.
Season 3: 2011–2012.
On June 4, 2010, HBO cancelled The Life & Times of Tim and tried to sell it to Adult Swim, Comedy Central, and TBS. On August 16, 2010, HBO reversed their plan to cancel the series, ordering a third season of 10 episodes. The season premiered on December 16, 2011 and ended on February 17, 2012. HBO cancelled the series for the second time on April 20, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19107810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107810" title="Cream of the Crap Vol. 1">
Cream of the Crap Vol. 1

Cream of the Crap Vol. 1 is the first of two compilation albums by Swedish rock band The Hellacopters which contains rare singles, B-sides, EP selections, and other non-album tracks by the band. The follow-up "Cream of the Crap Vol. 2" was released two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19107840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107840" title="Midori Takahashi">
Midori Takahashi

Midori Takahashi (高橋翠 "Takahashi Midori", born March 10, 1980) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for Toyota Auto Body Queenseis.

</doc>
<doc id="19107850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107850" title="Tom Rooney (politician)">
Tom Rooney (politician)

Thomas J. "Tom" Rooney (born November 21, 1970) is the U.S. Representative for , serving in Congress since 2009. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Early life.
Tom Rooney was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. When Tom was 14 his father, Patrick J. Rooney Sr., moved to Palm Beach Gardens, Florida where the family owned a dog track and gambling business. He graduated from the Benjamin School in North Palm Beach, Florida in 1989. In college, Rooney played football for Syracuse University and Washington & Jefferson College outside of Pittsburgh where he earned his B.A. in English Literature. He was a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity.
Rooney attended the University of Florida where he received his M.A. in Political Science. After that he went to the University of Miami School of Law where he received his J.D. and met his wife Tara Lombardi. They became a members of The Florida Bar Association in 1999.
Military career.
After law school, both Rooney and his wife joined the U.S. Army JAG Corps. In 2001, Tom and Tara, along with their newborn son, were stationed at Fort Hood on 9/11. Rooney spent over four years on Active Duty in the United States Army JAG Corps. Most notably, he served as Special Assistant U.S Attorney at Fort Hood in Texas, prosecuting all civilian crimes on post. Rooney also served in the famed 1st Cavalry Division.
In 2002, Rooney began teaching Constitutional and Criminal Law as an Asst. Prof. in the Dept. of Law at the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. He received two Army Commendation Medals for his service. Tom and Tara Rooney each completed active duty with the rank of Captain.
During his active duty time in the JAG Corps, he served with fellow future Congressman Patrick Murphy, a Democrat from Pennsylvania who was the first Iraq War veteran elected to the U.S. Congress.
Early political career.
As his first job out of college, Tom Rooney worked for U.S. Senator Connie Mack III, who had worked with Tom's father, Patrick J. Rooney Sr., at one time. Tom started in Senator Mack's mailroom: "We opened every letter and that’s where I learned what people’s issues were. It really helped shape a blank slate in my life." After getting his Masters, he returned to Florida, where he went to work as an Assistant Attorney General. While working as a criminal prosecutor for Attorney General Charlie Crist, he joined the Board of Directors with “The Children’s Place at Home Safe,” a Palm Beach County shelter that helps abused, neglected, and abandoned children. In 2005, Tom was named CEO of Home Safe and because of his work there, Governor Jeb Bush appointed Rooney to the Children’s Services Council of Palm Beach County Board of Directors in January 2006. After his second year as director, Rooney returned to the Board of Directors of Children’s Place and resumed his practice of law in Stuart, Florida with the law firm of Kramer, Sopko & Levenstein, P.A. He is a graduate of Leadership Palm Beach County.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
Rooney challenged Democratic incumbent Tim Mahoney. Mahoney had narrowly won the Republican-leaning district in 2006, after former Congressman Mark Foley abruptly resigned under a cloud of scandal. Florida election law required Foley's name to remain on the general election ballot, with votes for him being transferred to his replacement, State Representative Joe Negron. It was widely believed that this significantly undermined Negron's chances, as many voters would be reluctant to cast a ballot in Foley's name.
Given Mahoney's narrow margin of victory, coupled with the unusual circumstances surrounding the 2006 election, the 16th District was viewed as one of Republicans' best opportunities to take a congressional seat from the Democrats in 2008. In the Republican Party primary, Rooney was endorsed by Florida's Governor, Charlie Crist and defeated State Representative Gayle Harrell and investment banker Hal Valeche. Mahoney, aided by incumbency and having burnished his image as a moderate Blue Dog Democrat, consistently led Rooney in polls throughout the 2008 election cycle until mid-October 2008, when it was revealed that Mahoney, who had promoted a family values image and campaigned against corruption in contrast to the disgraced Foley, had engaged in multiple extramarital affairs and secretly paid off his mistresses to conceal them. This revelation shifted the race decisively in Rooney's favor, even causing the Palm Beach Post to take the rare step of rescinding its previous endorsement of Mahoney and endorsing Rooney instead.
Rooney ran unopposed in the Republican primary. In the general election, he defeated Democratic nominee Jim Horn and write-in candidate William Dean.
Rooney chose to run in the safely Republican 17th district. Approximately one-third of the reapportioned District 17 voters are from Rooney's current District 16. He faced an Aug. 14 primary challenge from Joe Arnold, a Republican state committeeman for Okeechobee County and member of the school board. Rooney defeated Arnold in a landslide, getting 74% of vote. Rooney runs in the general election against a retired airline pilot, Democrat William Bronson (formerly an unsuccessful Republican candidate in Massachusetts and Georgia) as well as Socialist Workers Party write-in candidate Tom Baumann (who ran unsuccessful campaigns in Minnesota and in the Borough of Manhattan).
Rooney received endorsements in Florida from Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, U.S. Reps. Allen West and Dennis A. Ross as well as from the National Rifle Association. In their Saturday, October 13, edition the "Tampa Bay Times" recommended Tom Rooney for the District 17 seat, and on October 19, "The Tampa Tribune" endorsed him. "The Bradenton Herald" recommended Rooney on 26 October.
Tenure.
One of the first bills Rooney introduced in the House was to prevent any money being spent to bring prisoners to Florida from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. Another was a bill he co-sponsored to try to reduce the number of military veteran suicides by mandating mental health screenings for returning troops. Although that bill did not pass, the military eventually adopted the reforms Rooney asked for. Rooney has been recognized by the city of Stuart, Florida for his efforts to prevent veterans suicides.
Rooney sponsored a bill to name a federal courthouse under construction in Fort Pierce in honor of a St. Lucie County rancher, and former Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice, Alto Lee Adams Sr.; Rooney's bill was approved by the House in September 2009, but was not passed by the Senate until September 2012, when the new courthouse had been open for eight months.
Since 2009, Rooney has personally presented Congressional Award medals to young people in his district.
In April 2011, House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, traveled to Iraq with Rooney and four other members, who met with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and Ambassador James Franklin Jeffrey. Rooney said that they discussed with Maliki how the United States and Iraq might interact diplomatically after the U.S. troop withdrawal scheduled for December of that year.
On the evening of February 19, 2012, a man crashed his pickup truck into Rooney's Stuart, Florida office. No one was inside the building at the time. The man claimed he tried to park in front of the building, but instead of pressing the brake, accidentally pressed the accelerator. The driver was cited for careless driving by the Stuart Police Department.
Rooney, as Chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Livestock, Dairy and Poultry, introduced The Defense of Environment and Property Act in March 2012. This act would make changes to federal water regulations and prevent some prosecutions of farmers and landowners by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Army Corps of Engineers. In response to an expansion of federal power to regulate wetlands in a 2011 EPA and Army Corps document that redefined "navigable waters," the Rooney bill defines navigable waters to exclude “wetlands without a continuous surface connection” to a body of water. The Rooney bill is a companion to a Senate bill introduced by Rand Paul.
Libya.
A June 2011 bill to defund U.S. operations in Libya was written by Rooney, but defeated on the floor of the House because 89 Republicans voted against it. Rooney accepted responsibility for defeat of the bill, which was in competition with a non-binding resolution to deny President Barack Obama authority to wage war against Libya, saying "It was my bill. You can blame me. I think we tried to limit funds so our kids weren't in harm's way but not leave NATO on their own. People either wanted all or they wanted nothing."
On 13 September 2012, Rooney said that Obama should be blamed for attacks on U.S. embassies in the Middle East because the violence, and the deaths of four Americans in the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi, was foreseeable: "We supported the rebels without taking into account their individual values or motives, and without understanding their ability or plan to govern. We helped these individuals topple a dictator, but then stood on the sidelines as radical extremists assumed power. It should come as no surprise that these movements in the region have given way to violent, anti-American actions."
District switch with Allen West.
Although most of the voters in Rooney's current District 16 are in the new District 18, in January Rooney announced that he would run for the neighboring 17th Congressional district seat, while Allen West declared in the new 18th, due to the fact that West's previous district became unfavorable to a conservative Republican in the 2012 redistricting plan.
In announcing his decision to run for reelection in Rooney's Congressional district, Allen West said:"I have always believed the state of Florida would be best served by having both Congressman Tom Rooney and myself in the House of Representatives working to solve our nation's most pressing problems. I have never wavered from my vision; to work to create jobs, restrain federal government spending, reduce America's ever increasing national debt, and provide for a strong national defense to ensure a safer and more prosperous future for our children and grandchildren. Congressman Rooney is a statesman and has been an honorable public servant to the constituents of Florida's 16th Congressional district. It is my goal to continue the success Congressman Rooney has had in Florida's 16th Congressional district in the newly proposed 18th district."
Political positions.
Rooney favors agricultural subsidies, including crop insurance and sugar price supports, so that food production in this country can better compete with other countries that provide government subsidies to their farmers. Rooney explained that "I don't want our country to depend on Mexico for our food, and I don't want Florida to lose agriculture jobs that we really need."
F-35 alternative engine.
Rooney fought to remove spending for an alternate engine program (built by GE Aviation and Rolls-Royce plc) for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. The Pentagon had already taken the position that having a single contractor (Pratt & Whitney) will save money. "The Pentagon has said repeatedly that they do not want it and do not need it, and the American taxpayers certainly cannot afford it,” Rooney said.
Rooney sponsored an amendment to the 2012 House spending bill to end funding for the extra engine of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, which passed with support from freshman members of the Tea Party Caucus. In December 2011 GE abandoned self-funding to continue development of its alternate engine, finally ending the project. Rooney said that the decision by GE "will finally remove any risk that taxpayers may be saddled with the costs of sustaining an extra engine in the future."
Terrorism.
Rooney criticised Justin Amash in May, 2012, accusing the Michigan Republican of wanting to "coddle foreign enemy combatants" because he proposed an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) to stop the military from indefinitely detaining suspected terrorists who were caught in the United States. Amash and Congressman Adam Smith said they worried about civil liberties and the constitutionality of allowing indefinite detention of U.S. residents suspected of being terrorists. A Rooney press release said that "the Amash amendment sacrifices our national security in order to coddle foreign enemy combatants. Never in our nation’s history have we granted enemy combatants who attack our homeland during a time of war the same rights and privileges of American citizens, but that’s exactly what the Amash amendment would do." Rooney's press release was ctiticised in turn by a statement from Ron Paul's Campaign for Liberty which accused Rooney of being "disgracefully dishonest."
Finally, Rooney issued a statement of support for a competing amendment to the NDAA by congressmen Jeff Landry, Louie Gohmert and Scott Rigell: "The Landry/Gohmert/Rigell amendment explicitly re-affirms and protects the constitutional rights of American citizens, and states clearly that no citizens’ constitutional rights can be denied under the provisions of the defense bill... While it’s critical that we protect the rights of American citizens, we should absolutely not exploit legitimate concerns in a misguided effort to extend our rights and privileges to foreign terrorists who attack our homeland." The Amash/Smith amendment was defeated and the Landry/Gohmert/Rigell amendment was adopted, both by large margins.
Muslim Brotherhood controversy.
On June 13, 2012, Rooney was one of five members of Congress (including Michele Bachmann, Trent Franks, Louie Gohmert, Lynn Westmoreland) to send letters to the Inspectors General of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice and the Department of State seeking investigations into what they claimed was the U.S. government’s involvement with the Muslim Brotherhood.
One of the letters in particular to Ambassador Harold W. Geisel, the Deputy Inspector General of the United States Department of State, used the Department's Deputy Chief of Staff, Huma Abedin, as an example of the undue influence. The letter said that Abedin "has three family members–her late father, her mother and her brother–connected to Muslim Brotherhood operatives and/or organizations," referring to a study by the Center for Security Policy.
Republican Senators John McCain, Lindsey Graham, and Scott Brown, as well as Bachmann's former campaign chief Ed Rollins defended Abedin against these allegations.
Speaker of the House John Boehner told reporters: "I don't know Huma. But from everything that I do know of her, she has a sterling character, and I think accusations like this being thrown around are pretty dangerous." Congressman Mike Simpson condemned the letter as a revival of McCarthyism, telling the "Idaho Statesman": "Unfortunately, it's not just Michele. The public says, 'There go those Republicans again.' It's a bad reflection on all Republicans. I can't believe the other four members she got to sign the letter with her. Amazing... That doesn't reflect the House Republican Caucus."
An editorial in Scripps Treasure Coast Newspapers also brought up the ghost of McCarthyism, explicitly pronouncing disappointment in Rooney. On the other hand, Newt Gingrich argued in favor of investigation into the Muslim Brotherhood, characterize Rooney and the rest as the "National Security Five." Columnist Cal Thomas shrugged off the specter of McCarthyism, and said that the real possibility of infiltration by Islamic extremists deserves to be investigated.
Responding to her critics, Bachmann said that "The concerns I have and my colleagues have are real," and "We cannot elevate political correctness over national security." Rooney expressed similar concerns: "As a member of the House Armed Services and Intelligence committees, my top priority is ensuring the security of our nation." And that "I regret that Mrs. Abedin has become the media focus of this story, because the intention of the letters was to bring greater attention to the legitimate national security risk." A couple of months later, Rooney admitted that it was an unfortunate mistake to include Mrs. Abedin: "What got lost was a legitimate question, for the sake of using Congressman (Anthony) Weiner's wife and Sec. Clinton's assistant's name specifically in a letter."
During an October campaign stop in Florida to support Mitt Romney, John McCain acknowledged that Rooney and Bachmann had realized that including Abedin's name in the letter to the State Department was a mistake. McCain then softened his earlier criticism from the Senate floor, saying "I'm concerned, and they're concerned and I agree with them, about the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood. I'm not saying all members of the Muslim Brotherhood are extremists, but I am saying there are some extremists that are members of the Muslim Brotherhood. ... There is definitely a threat of radical Muslim extremism, some of whom are Muslim Brotherhood — not all, by far."
Florida water quality.
Nitrogen and phosphorus pollution provide nutrients that can cause algae blooms, which in turn produce toxins harmful to humans and animals across the state of Florida. Approximately 1,900 miles of rivers and streams in the state were impaired for nutrients in 2010, up from approximately 1000 miles in 2008. Impaired acres of lakes in Florida were 378,000 in 2010, up from 350,000 acres in 2008.
Background.
In 2008 the public interest law firm Earthjustice sued the EPA on behalf of five environmental groups, claiming that delays by both state and federal governments in establishing quantitaive (rather than qualitative) limits for nutrient pollution of Florida's waters were unacceptable. In August 2009 the Obama administration settled the lawsuit by agreeing to begin the process of imposing enforceable EPA standards for nutrient levels in the public waters of Florida.
Numerical nutrient level standards announced in November 2010 provoked the State of Florida to fight back by suing the EPA (enraging Earthjustice and environmentalists). Florida's outgoing (Bill McCollum) and incoming (Pam Bondi) Attorneys General, as well as the outgoing (Charles H. Bronson) and incoming (Adam Putnam) Agriculture Commissioners said that the EPA standards "are not not based on scientifically sound methodology, and were adopted in an arbitrary and capricious manner just to settle a lawsuit." The EPA said that the regulations would not be implemented for 15 months.
One year later, Earthjustice counterattacked by filing suit against the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) claiming that the state agency had failed to protect Floridians and tourists from toxic algae outbreaks. Judge Bram Canter of the Florida Division of Administrative Hearings ruled against the Earthjustice lawsuit in June, 2012. The Obama administration then announced that EPA enforcement would be delayed until 2013, and that the EPA may defer to FDEP regulations.
Rooney challenges EPA.
After the EPA said that it would establish numeric nutrient levels for waters in the state of Florida, as part of the 2009 consent decree with Earthjustice, Rooney lead the state's congressional delegation by writing a letter asking the EPA to work with the state as it formulated rules for Florida. Rooney explained:"Florida has spent over $19 million and several years collecting the necessary data, sound science and community input to develop standards that are realistic and attainable for Florida. As the EPA begins to establish nutrient levels for Florida waters, it is important for the state to be a part of the decision process and to use the invaluable information that has been collected. This bipartisan letter signed by twenty-five members of our delegation simply asks EPA to work with Florida and utilize its data." Following the January 2010 publication of proposed EPA rules for Florida, Rooney said: "There are still too many questions that must be answered regarding the science used by the EPA." Rooney and other members of Florida's Congressional delegation met with EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson in March, concerning the proposed Numeric Nutrient rules. At that meeting the agency agreed to extend the public comment period and to hold three more public meetings in Florida. Rooney also told Jackson that he was concerned, inasmuch as she had failed to meet personally with Florida Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Michael Sole. Rooney said: "While there was progress in some areas the EPA proposal will have massive repercussions throughout our state. Therefore, this is something we cannot rush head-first into without knowing all the facts and science." Rooney pointed to studies concluding that the proposed rule would take $2 billion out of Florida's economy, and urged the EPA to do an economic analysis of the rule. He also called for the EPA to allow an independent, scientific review of the rule, which the EPA refused to do.
An April, 2010 report by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, in conjunction with professors at the University of Florida Food and Resource Economics Department, and with Soil and Water Engineering Technology, Inc. concluded that compliance with the proposed numeric nutrient rule would subject 13.6 million acres of agriculture to direct costs of from $902 million to $1.605 billion annually, and indirect economic impacts of $1.148 billion per year to the state of Florida. "This report confirms what we have all feared. The economic ramifications of this proposed rule would be devastating to our state," Rooney said. In August, Rooney again called for delay of final federal rulemaking, pending the results of a third-party analysis, in a bipartisan letter from Florida’s Congressional delegation to Lisa Jackson.
In September, a federal judge temporarily stopped the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from imposing federal water quality standards on former croplands in the Everglades, ruling that the Corps had changed its rules about water quality standards on former croplands without proper public notice and hearing. In December, 2010, Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum and Attorney General-elect Pam Bondi decided to file a lawsuit against the EPA regarding its proposed numeric nutrient rule. Rooney endorsed that decision, saying that "this lawsuit will put a stop to the EPA’s misguided assaults on Florida’s families and industries." Senator George LeMieux also endorsed the legal challenge to the EPA rule for Florida.
Cooperation, criticism and compromise.
After Lisa Jackson appeared before the House Agriculture Committee in March 2011, Rooney said: "In all the hearings I’ve attended as a member of Congress, I’ve never been to one like Lisa Jackson’s appearance before the House Agriculture Committee. All the members of the committee -- Republicans and Democrats -- were up in arms over the EPA’s agenda. I’ve never seen a witness from the administration get attacked like that from members of the president’s own party." Rooney sent a letter thanking Jackson for her promise that the EPA would cooperate with the state of Florida (and their Congressional delegation) to come up with reasonable nutrient levels, and for allowing both scientific review and economic analysis of the new regulations. Rooney's letter also asked the following questions:
Rooney and Senator Marco Rubio were criticised in the press for "siding with polluters" and "greedy business interests," leading Rooney and Rubio to co-author an article explaining that "half of the Democrats in Florida's House delegation supported our amendment to prevent the EPA from enforcing this new mandate until they complete an independent study of the science and a thorough economic analysis" and that Lisa Jackson had recently committed to having the EPA work with Florida's DEP. Although the Rooney amendment was eventually dropped, the EPA agreed to a one-year delay of new water rules and that the National Academy of Sciences would conduct an unbiased review of the EPA cost estimate.
Rooney was criticized in an editorial for voting for a House bill sponsored by John Mica that would prohibit tightening water pollutant limits without a state's consent, a bill that the EPA protested would "overturn almost 40 years of federal legislation by preventing EPA from protecting public health and water quality." In an October 2011 column, Rooney justified congressional review of EPA regulations, reduction of red tape and interference with new mandates as a means to "get the federal government off the backs of famers."
Rooney welcomed amended rules for numeric nutrient standards, approved in December by the Florida Environmental Regulation Commission and submitted to the EPA. After final approval by the EPA, the federal standards would then be withdrawn. The EPA acknowledged that "states have the primary role in establishing and implementing water quality standards for their waters." In June, 2012, Florida submitted, and the EPA approved, a plan to improve water quality in the Everglades.
Personal life.
Tom Rooney is a grandson of Pittsburgh Steelers founder Art Rooney Sr. and a first cousin, once removed, of actresses Kate Mara and Rooney Mara.
Rooney is also related to Pittsburgh Steelers owner and ambassador to Ireland Dan Rooney. Tom's younger brother, Brian J. Rooney, has a seat on the Pittsburgh Steelers Board of Directors which was previously held by their father. Brian, a veteran of the Iraq War, is a Deputy Director of Michigan Department of Human Services, and was a candidate in 2010 for Congress in Michigan's 7th congressional district. Tom's older brother, Patrick J. Rooney Jr., serves in the Florida House of Representatives in District 83.
Tom, Tara and their three sons (Tommy,Sean,Seamus )split their time between Tequesta, Florida and Washington D.C. Rooney decided to run in the new District 17, and he promised to move into that district, but told "The Ledger" that he and his wife have not yet decided on which city. Rooney plans to move to Charlotte County, but he says that "I'm leaving where I grew up. That's the hardest thing." Charlotte County has the largest percentage of voters in the newly-drawn district, and includes the city of Punta Gorda (where Rooney has his campaign office and one of his Congressional offices) as well as the larger, but unincorporated Port Charlotte as well as other unincorporated communities.
Palm Beach Kennel Club.
Tom's grandfather, Art Rooney, bought the Palm Beach Kennel Club in West Palm Beach in 1969 and his father ran the business as president from 1984 until recently, when his brother, Patrick J. Rooney Jr., became president of the club. Tom Rooney lists ownership of stock in family businesses in his congressional financial disclosure form. Rooney has said that he has neither operational nor ownership responsibilities, and the stock is part of a trust with his children as beneficiaries. In 2010, Rooney stood at 346th place in terms of net worth among the members of the U.S. House.
The Palm Beach Kennel Club serves the product of yet another family business, Rooney's Old Irish Ale. The Palm Beach County Commission has approved a referendum for the November 2012 ballot to decide whether slot machines will be allowed at the Palm Beach Kennel Club. Tom's cousin Joe Rooney is a spokesman for, as well as Co-Chair and Treasurer of the coalition supporting the Palm Beach County slot machines referendum. Other Florida counties have put slot machine referendums on the November ballot, but Attorney General Palm Bondi issued an opinion that current state law does not allow slots outside of Miami-Dade and Broward counties. Joe Rooney said Palm Beach County will have several paths to follow if the referendum succeeds, including legislation and legal action.

</doc>
<doc id="19107856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107856" title="Frying Pan Meetinghouse">
Frying Pan Meetinghouse

The Frying Pan Meetinghouse (also known as Frying Pan Old School Baptist Church (1832) or Frying Pan Spring Meeting House) is a historic church building within Frying Pan Park in Floris, Virginia.
It was built in 1791 as a church building. In 1984 the last remaining trustee deeded the building to the Fairfax County Park Authority to preserve and maintain the property. The building and cemetery were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19107876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107876" title="Cream of the Crap Vol. 2">
Cream of the Crap Vol. 2

Cream of the Crap Vol. 2 is the second compilation album from The Hellacopters containing rare singles, B-sides, EP selections, and other non-album tracks by the band. It was released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19107885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107885" title="Feast of Saint George">
Feast of Saint George

The Feast of Saint George (also spelled al-Khader) is a Palestinian holiday commemorating Saint George (known as al-Khader, Mar Jeries and Jirjis in Palestinian culture). The feast occurs annually on 5 May, and although it is originally a local Christian holiday, both Palestinian Christians and Muslims participate. The feast is held in the Palestinian town of al-Khader, just south of Bethlehem.
Origins.
Palestinian folklore suggests that the feast originated during the Byzantine rule of Palestine. According to the folktale, 
"the feast came and the young men stood together making their vows. One said, 'I will give a goat,' another 'I will give a sheep.' Then Jirjis (Jeries), the son of a widow, desired to offer something. They had but one cow. Then he said, 'I will sacrifice a cow,' and he went and killed the cow."
At evening time his mother called to him and said, 'Where is the cow?' He said, 'I gave it to El Khader. (St. George)' His mother said, 'You have cut our lives. Let me not see your face again.' That night, the young man had a vision. A white haired man appeared to him and said, 'Fear not, I am El Khader: thou shalt go to Constantinople and to the king’s palace. Only each day thou shalt call a blessing upon me.' ...
Religious traditions.
Christian.
Previously, the feast attracted Arabs from throughout Palestine to visit the Monastery of Saint George and trade loaves of bread, make sacrifices they vow to fulfill and gather for picnics under the olive trees surrounding the monastery.
The same tradition continues today, with many Christian pilgrims coming to baptize their children, due to the abundance stories about the healing properties of the St. George. Although the priest accepts meat as a gift, the Christian tradition of the monastery itself doesn't sacrifice the animals On the morning of 6 May, Palestinian Christians from Beit Jala, Bethlehem, Beit Sahour and other parts of Palestine would march in a procession to the monastery.
Muslim.
Traditionally, Muslims guard the entrance of the church and welcome pilgrims. As the Christians, the Muslims too sacrifice sheep during the feast and offerings are stored in a sheep pen in the garden of the monastery. In Islam, two sacrifices are offered: The first is the "dhabihah", which requires that one-third of the immolated lamb be set aside for consumption by its owner, while the remaining two-thirds are for Allah and given as charity. The second offering is that of a live animal, bequeathed as a gift to St. George.
Muslim signs dot the courtyard of the monastery and traces of the sacrifices are evident in the form of the lamb hides left on the balustrades to dry.

</doc>
<doc id="19107891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107891" title="Vasilisa Melentyeva">
Vasilisa Melentyeva

Vasilisa Melentyeva () (died 1579) was Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and was the sixth wife of Ivan the Terrible. Before her marriage to Ivan, Vasilisa is recorded to have been a widow of a prince serving in the Livonian War. Though Ivan considered her beautiful and sweet natured, he discovered her a few months after their marriage having an affair with a prince named Devletev. Ivan forced Vasilisa to watch her lover be impaled, and as further punishment, confined her to life in a cloister.

</doc>
<doc id="19107900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107900" title="Kovda River">
Kovda River

Kovda River (, Finnish "Koutajoki") is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast and Republic of Karelia, Russia. It is 233 km in length. The area of its basin is 26,100 km². The Kovda River originates in the Lake Topozero and flows through the lakes Lake Pyaozero and Lake Kovdozero into the Kandalaksha Gulf. 
The drainage basin of the Kovda includes the biggest lakes of the north of the Republic of Karelia and the south of Murmansk Oblast, such as Lake Topozero, Lake Pyaozero, Lake Tikshozero, and Lake Kovdozero.

</doc>
<doc id="19107903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107903" title="2001 U.S. Open">
2001 U.S. Open

2001 U.S. Open may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19107918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107918" title="Gujar Garhi">
Gujar Garhi

Gujar Garhi is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 34°14'0N 72°1'0E and has an altitude of 298m (980 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19107939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107939" title="West Main Street Historic District (Oconto, Wisconsin)">
West Main Street Historic District (Oconto, Wisconsin)

West Main Street Historic District in Oconto, Wisconsin is a historic district.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19107942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107942" title="Culture of Goan Catholics">
Culture of Goan Catholics

The Culture of Goan Catholics is a blend of Portuguese and Indian cultures. After the Portuguese arrived Goa in 1510, they adopted the Portuguese culture but retained their Hindu caste system and few other customs and traditions. Contemporary Goan Catholic culture can be best described as an increasingly anglicised Indo-Latin culture.
Cuisine.
Their curries use a lot of coconut, coconut oil and curry leaves while chili peppers, spices and vinegar are also used. Fish curry and rice ("Xit kodi" in Konkani) forms the staple food of the community. Goan Catholic cuisine has distinct Portuguese influence as can be seen in Sorpotel, the famous pork dish often served with "Sannas" (idli fluffed with toddy or yeast) as the "Pièce de résistance" at wedding dinners and Christmas dinner, while "Chouriço" (pork sausage), "Goa Sausage Risotto", Vindaloo, "Aad Maas" (pork ribs), "Assado de Leitoã" or "Dukra Roast Maas" (roasted pork) and "Gaye Roast Maas" (roasted beef) are also popular. Goan Catholics mix pork blood and other parts in most of their pork delicacies as can be seen from Pork Bafad. Xacuti (pronounced ) is dish originally from Goa prepared with either mutton, pork or chicken. "Canja de galinha" and Chicken Cafriel are well-known chicken dishes. Vindaloo is another Catholic Goan dish often served during special occasions.Croquettes, beef cutlets and beef potato chops are common snacks. Roast beef and beef tongue are popular entrees at Goan celebrations.
The traditional "Nalachi kodi", (literally coconut curry) is a curry made with coconut juice is quite popular. The Goan fish curries and prawn curry are known for their taste and renowned in the whole of coastal India while fried fish dishin their style is well known. "Solantule kodi", a spicy coconut and kokum curry is also popular, "Ambotik" (a sour curry dish) and the "Girem-Mirem" (a spicy curry, which uses jeera and other spices) are prepared with either fish or meat. "Chamuças" is a Goan derivative of samosa, which is usually filled with beef or pork is well known snack. The traditional "Mol De Peixe" (Fish pickle) and "Balchão" (prawn pickle sauce, originally from Macau) are popular.
"Khatkhate", a vegetable with at least 6 vegetables stew is popular. "Filoz", a type of pancake, is also popular. Tondak (Beans combined with cashewnuts) is also very popular. Caldo verde is a popular soup. The "Cashewnut laddus, Khaje, Revdyo, Peda, Tizan, Godshem, Puran Poli" and "Sakhar Bhat" are well known sweet dishes. The "Gulumba", a sweet and sour jam is very popular. Halwas like the "Dali kapa" (Halwa made of red gram), "Cashewnut Halwa, Coconut Halwa, Pumpkin Halwa" etc. are popular among Goan Catholics. 
Kuswar is a term often used to mention a set of unique Christmas goodies which are part of the cuisine of the Goan Catholic community There are as many as 22 different traditional recipes that form this distinct flavour of Christmas celebration in Goa.
Names and surnames.
Bilingual names, having variants in both Konkani and English, like Pedru (Peter) and Mâri (Mary) are common among Goan Catholics. Another popular naming convention uses English names, like Kenneth and Sanferd, that have no Konkani variants. European names such as Mario and Andrea are popular and so are Indian names like Rahul and Anita. Portuguese surnames like Rodrigues and Carvalho, are used abundantly among Goan Catholics due to the former Portuguese colonationization of Goa. Some Goan Catholics still have records of their original Goud Saraswat Brahmin surnames such as Prabhu, Kamat, Pai, and Shenoy.
Language and literature.
Goan Catholics have strong feelings towards the Konkani language, which is often venerated in literature. It has historically been, and to large extent still is, central to the Goan Catholic identity. They speak Konkani, which is an Indo-Aryan language, belonging to the Indo-European family of languages, spoken predominantly on the west coast of India. The Konkani spoken by Goan Catholics has a larger infusion of words of Portuguese origin as compared to the Konkani spoken by other communities. The number of Goan Catholics that can speak Portuguese is dwindling and increasing numbers of Goan Catholics speak English as a first language.
Traditions and festivals.
Goan Catholics have retained their Hindu caste system and customs regarding marriage.
First * The Soirik or the (betrothal) and Mudi (engagement) ceremony. Indian traditions that still persist include adorning the bride with the Saddo (red dress or sari), which is to be worn on the first day after the marriage, it is also the name of the ceremony of cutting and sewing the dress
The Attire :
The women at a typical Goan Catholic wedding generally wear gowns/dresses while the men (including the bridegroom) are attired in western-style suits. The bride always wears a western-style virgin-white wedding gown. Contemporary Goan Catholics typically have a White wedding. The bridal entourage usually consists of the Maid of Honour, Bridesmaids, Best man, Groomsmen, ringbearer boys and Flower girls. Ballroom dancing and live western-style band music are an integral part of a Goan Catholic wedding reception. 
In addition to common Christian festivals like Christmas, Good Friday, and Easter, the community celebrates many other festivals of religious and historical significance. The "Zagor" (nocturnal vigil in Konkani), mainly celebrated in Siolim, in Bardez taluka of Goa is a festival highlighted by dance, drama and music. The Feast of Saint Francis Xavier is of the major festival of the Goan Catholics celebrated on 3 December annually, to honour the saint's death. "Moti Fest" is another major festival, mainly celebrated in Chinchinim, Goa on 8 September, which celebrates the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Other important festivals include Mae de Deus Church at Saligao, Feast of Passion of Christ at Siridao, Feast of Holy Cross at Aldona, Feast of the Holy Spirit Church, at Margao, Procession of Saints at Goa Velha, "San Jao fest" (Feast of St.John the Baptist), Feast of St. Peter, Bondera at Divar and Sangodd at Cumbharjua. The Goa Carnival is the most grand festival of Goan Catholics in Goa. The Carnival is a four-day festival of colour, songs and music.

</doc>
<doc id="19107960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107960" title="Tuntsayoki River">
Tuntsayoki River

Tuntsayoki River (, ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is . The Tuntsayoki River originates in the wood of Finland and flows into the Tumcha River. Its biggest tributary is the Vatsimanyoki River.

</doc>
<doc id="19107963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107963" title="Das Boot (album)">
Das Boot (album)

Das Boot (German for "The Boat") is the first album by the German dance group U96, released in 1992. The track "Das Boot" is a cover version of the title theme of the 1981 German film "Das Boot", composed by Klaus Doldinger. The name of group ("U96") is a reference to the film. Although the package advertises "at least ten top-ten hits", only nine songs are featured in one of the releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19107985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107985" title="Hathian">
Hathian

Hathian is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 34°23'35N 71°55'0E and has an altitude of 372m (1223 feet).
Budhist Remains are here at Haji Rahman uddin Kalay, Safi Abad.

</doc>
<doc id="19107997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19107997" title="Larry Schweikart">
Larry Schweikart

Larry E. Schweikart (born April 21, 1951 in Mesa, Arizona) is an American historian and professor of history at the University of Dayton. He is the author of more than a dozen books; his best known popular book is "A Patriot's History of the United States" (2004)
Biography.
Born in Mesa, Arizona to a cattle ranching family, Schweikart went to Arizona State University, where he also completed an M.A. He earned his Ph.D. in history from the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1984. By the time he had graduated, Schweikart had already written two books and several academic articles as a graduate student. After a year in the University of Wisconsin system, he took a position at the University of Dayton, where he has remained.
Academic career.
Schweikart graduated from Arizona State University in 1972 with a B.A. in Political science. He entered the ASU Master's program in 1977, writing a national Phi Alpha Theta prize-winning article on the Peary diaries. He wrote in 2002:
He received his M.A. in History in 1980. He then received a Ph.D. in History from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1983.
Schweikart took a one-year position at the University of Wisconsin–Richland Center, then, in 1985, received an appointment to the University of Dayton. There he taught business and economic history, then military history. He is a full professor, and in 1987 was honored for outstanding scholarship.
In 1999 he published a history of American business, "The Entrepreneurial Adventure." In 2004 he co-authored the book, "A Patriot's History of the United States" with Michael Allen. In 2006, he published "America's Victories". In 2008, he published "48 Liberal Lies About American History".
Bibliography.
Popular books.
Schweikart has been asked by the editors to review books in the following scholarly journals: "Public Historian," "ISIS," "Southern Studies" "Journal of Southern History" ""Journal of the Southwest," "Western Historical Quarterly," "American Historical Review,"

</doc>
<doc id="19108005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108005" title="Romuald Karmakar">
Romuald Karmakar

Romuald Karmakar (born February 15, 1965) is a French film director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Wiesbaden, Germany as the son of an Indian father and a French mother. From 1977 to 1982 he lived in Athens. He has won several national and international awards, including the German National Film Award in Gold in 1996 for "Der Totmacher" ("The Deathmaker"). His work has been honored with several retrospectives at festivals and cinematheques. In 2008, the MoMA celebrated his film "Das Himmler-Projekt" ("The Himmler Project") as one of the top 250 most important artistic acquisitions of the Museum since 1980. A member of Akademie der Künste, Berlin (the Academy of the Arts, Berlin), Karmakar is internationally regarded for his honest representation of the less attractive aspects of society by focusing on those perpetrators responsible for these downfalls. Karmakar is currently a Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University (2012–13). He has been invited as one of the four artists (together with Ai Weiwei, Santu Mofokeng and Dayanita Singh) to represent Germany at the German Pavilion at the Art Venice Biennale in 2013.
Film career.
Romuald Karmakar discovered film in Munich in the 1980s with a group of friends who often met at the Werkstattkino, a legendary local underground cinema theater, and at the Filmmuseum Munich, then run by Enno Patalas, who became famous for his work with silent film restoration. At the age of 19, Karmakar directed several short films and his first S-8-feature length film, "Eine Freundschaft in Deutschland]" (1985). Depicting the private life of Adolf Hitler during his time in Munich, "A Friendship in Germany" also stars Karmakar as a young Hitler.
In the following years, Karmakar continued to expand his experience with filmmaking. He directed several short and mid-length films, including "Coup de Boule" (1987), which shows young French soldiers head-butting in locker rooms, "Gallodrome" (1988), about cockfighting in northern France, "Dogs of Velvet and Steel" (1989), about owners of pitbulls in the pimp scene of Hamburg, "Sam Shaw on John Cassavetes", about the producer of "Gloria", by John Cassavetes, and "Demontage IX- Unternehmen Stahlglocke", about a performance of the Austrian artist FLATZ, in which he crashes between two metal plates while hanging upside down on a rope.
Karmakar then directed a three-hour documentary, "Warheads" (1993), which explores the lives of a German ex-Legionnaire and a British mercenary. The shooting for "Warheads" took place in a paramilitary training camp in Mississippi, French Guyana, and in the midst of the civil war in Croatia in 1991.
His first feature length film, "The Deathmaker" (1995), was based on psychiatriatric interrogations with the serial killer Fritz Haarmann conducted by his prison psychiatrist in 1924. Taking place exclusively in a small prison interrogation room, "The Deathmaker" belongs to the Kammerspiel, or chamberplay, genre of German film. Fritz Haarmann was also the inspiration for the role of Peter Lorre in Fritz Lang’s classic film, "M" (1931). In 1995, the film won the Best Actor Award at the Venice Film Festival and several National German Film prizes. Distributed by Warner Brothers in Germany, the film was a great success in German box offices. Director Monte Hellman ("Two-Lane Blacktop") conducted the American DVD release.
In 1998, Karmakar contributed an hour-long special, "Frankfurt Millennium", to a special series on the French TV channel, ARTE, for the changing century. "Frankfurt Millennium" was presented alongside films by Hal Hartley, Don McCellar, Walther Salles, and Tsai Ming-Liang.
Karmakar then directed "Manila" (1999), a fictional ensemble film starring Margit Carstensen, Michael Degen, Herbert Feuerstein, Elizabeth McGovern, Sky Dumont, Peter Rühring, Martin Semmelrogge, Jürgen Vogel, and Manfred Zapatka. The film depicts a group of tourists who are trapped at the Manila airport after damage to their aircraft. Despite winning the 2000 Silver Leopard Award at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland, the film was not received well by German critics, who did not appreciate the representation of German citizens abroad.
In 2000, he directed "Das Himmler-Projekt" ("The Himmler Project"), a three-hour documentary reenacting the secret speech Heinrich Himmler gave to the high-ranking SS generals in Poznan, Poland on October 4, 1943. The film features Manfred Zapatka reading the dark speech aloud, and this served as the aesthetic basis for Karmakar’s later film, "Hamburger Lektionen" (also starring Manfred Zapatka). "Das Himmler-Projekt" was named one of the top 250 most important post-1980 artistic acquisitions by MoMA in 2008.
During the 2000s, Karmakar filmed in the German electronic music scene, a large and influential piece of German youth culture that has not been given great attention by filmmakers. His work in the electronic music scene led to the creation of what would later be referred to as the "Club Land Trilogy", consisting of "196 BPM", "Between the Devil and the Wide Blue Sea", and "Villalobos". The films are distinguished by Karmakar’s use of a hand-held camera and shooting in plansequences, or long, uninterrupted takes. Karmakar’s use of plansequence was motivated by a drive to show the musician in greater focus with the hope of revealing more about what is behind the song. The three films of the trilogy explore different aspects of the electronic music scene: "196 BPM" showcases DJ Hell during the Love Parade of 2002, "Between the Devil and the Wide Blue Sea" follows nine bands including Fixmer/McCarthy, Alter Ego, Rechenzentrum, and Tarwater, and "Villalobos" focuses entirely on the famed DJ Ricardo Villalobos. "Villalobos" has yet to be released due to conflicts with music licensing.
In 2004, Karmakar presented two films at the Berlin Film Festival: "Nightsongs", a fictional film starring Frank Giering and Anne Ratte-Polle based on a play written by Norwegian writer Jon Fosse, and "Land of Extermination", a documentary following research being done for a separate fictional film on the crimes of the Hamburg Police Battalion 101 in the former District of Lublin during German Occupation of Poland in the 1940s. "Ordinary Men", a historical book written by Christopher Browning, brought the Battalion to popular attention during the 1990s.
After the London bombings in 2005, Karmakar encountered an article written about Imam Mohammed Fazazi of the Al-Quds Mosque in Hamburg, which led to the film "Hamburger Lektion", premiered in Berlin in 2006. Several confirmed terrorists involved in the 9/11 attacks had frequently visited this mosque to hear lectures delivered by Fazazi. These lectures were videotaped and distributed to the members of the mosque, and in Karmakar’s film, two of these lectures, delivered originally in January 2000, are read aloud by actor Manfred Zapatka. The film’s simple structure focuses the viewer’s attention on the spoken content of the speeches. 
In 2008 and 2009, Karmakar participated in three collaborative works. He contributed to "Germany 09", a project intended to capture how filmmakers think about current day Germany, created and produced by Tom Tykwer ("Cloud Atlas"). Karmakar’s contribution was a film about Ramses, the eccentric owner of a declining burlesque bar in West Berlin. Karmakar also contributed to "Fruits of Confidence", a project produced and directed by Alexander Kluge, a highly influential figure in postwar German cinema. "Fruits of Confidence" poses questions regarding who can be trusted in the wake of the financial crisis. Karamakar’s contributory short film was titled "Ralf Otterpohl, Wasserspezialist," and features interviews with a professor from Hamburg, who is an expert in water treatment. Karmakar also contributed to "24hr Berlin", a 24-hour television program featuring the work 60 film directors on the life of Berlin in one day. His film focused on DJ Ricardo Villalobos, and this material became the basis for the full-length film "Villalobos", which was premiered in 2009. That same year, he was elected member of the Academy of Arts in Berlin.
At the Venice Film Festival in September 2011, Karmakar presented "The Flock of the Lord", a documentary featuring footage from Rome following the death of Pope John Paul II and from the hometown of his successor, Pope Benedict XVI, during his election.
Karmakar’s work has been shown in several retrospectives, such as Cinéma du Réel (2007), Centre Pompidou (2006), BAFICI in Buenos Aires (2008), Vienna Filmmuseum (2010), the Cinémathèque in Vienna, and Jeonju Film Festival in South Korea (2010).
In June 2013, Karmakar will participate in the Venice Art Biennale, an esteemed, international contemporary art exhibition held in Venice once every two years. Susanne Gaensheimer, Director of the MMK Museum fur Moderne Kunst Frankfurt am Main selected Karmakar along with Ai Weiwei, Santu Mofokeng, and Dayanita Singh to represent Germany with artistic exhibitions at the German Pavilion. Each artist was selected for the strong German and international influences present in their work.
Karmakar has found critical praise for his attention to the harsh realities of modern history. His films bring his audiences to consider the imperfections of society in current times and across the last century, particularly by focusing on the perpetrators of injustice and crime. Karmakar’s selection for the Venice Art Biennale is also connected to his unique attention to those responsible for the downfalls of society.
Karmakar is currently a Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19108038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108038" title="Eagle River (Shuswap Lake)">
Eagle River (Shuswap Lake)

The Eagle River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The river was named by Walter Moberly after following the flight of eagles and finding Eagle Pass.
Course.
The Eagle River originates in the mountains west of Revelstoke and flows west and southwest, entering Shuswap Lake at Sicamous. Eagle River is part of the Fraser River drainage basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19108044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108044" title="Jalala">
Jalala

Jalala is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 34°20'8N 71°54'10E and has an altitude of 339m (1115 feet).
Jalala is situated about 20 km north from Mardan. The Malakand road leads through the village linking the Swat Valley to Mardan and Peshawar. Jalala is named after two brothers “Jalal Khan and Kamal Khan”. At the time of British Empire, there was a long bazaar, Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs shopkeepers were living side by side. There was a large Hindu community living peacefully in Jalala.
Before 1947 “Sir Sultan Karam Khan” one of the landlords of Jalala was the in charge of Jalala village and the village was under the control of Takht Bahi Police Station.
Jalala once faced shortage of drinking water the women brought the water in clay pots from the nearby river. One the particular section of the river was very busy and was popularly called “The Khazo Gudar” which means the river for women in Pashto language. The times for bringing water were early morning and before sunset.
For this reason Jalala gained popularity in Pashto poetry. The famous song about Jalala Gudar was played frequently from Peshawar Radio Station.”Da Jalala Oba Khwagey Dee” …Da kalee peghley” Tre Mangee Radakaveena, Da Jalala. Another song “Da Jalala Gudara wran shey … Pa jeenakoo De salandaay olagawana”. There is also a Pushto saying (Matal). ”Kor de da jlala jumat sha”. This is after all the people of Jalala left for their fields in “Maday Baba”and there was nobody to look after a small mosque. After a short time the mosque collapsed completely because of Monsoon rains.
Jalala has three small rivers. Two of these have warm water and the third one has cold water .
Jalala is surrounded by many small villages, Parkho,Safiabad, Maskeenabad, Bare Shah, Ghano Shah, Khan kala, Pirsaddo, Maday Baba, Chiraghdeen Kalay, Parao and Kanda Ghaar.
Main tribes of Jalala are Kalalaan, Shalmani, Karan Khel, Gujaran, Gadbaba, kulalan, Bajawri, Sadan, Mohmandan, Barangian, Deerojee, and a lot of people from Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19108046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108046" title="Gordon Drummond Clancy">
Gordon Drummond Clancy

Gordon Drummond Clancy (11 May 1912 – 1996) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a pharmacist by career.
He was first elected at the Yorkton riding in the 1958 general election after an unsuccessful attempt to win the riding in 1957. After re-elections at Yorkton in 1962, 1963 and 1965, Clancy left federal politics and did not seek further re-election after completing his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament in 1968.
He died in 1996 and is buried in Semans.

</doc>
<doc id="19108058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108058" title="John Morrow (footballer)">
John Morrow (footballer)

John Morrow (born 20 November 1971 in Belfast) is a former Northern Irish footballer who played for Linfield, Rangers, Oldham Athletic and Greenock Morton.

</doc>
<doc id="19108070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108070" title="2007 Qatar Telecom German Open">
2007 Qatar Telecom German Open

The 2007 Qatar Telecom German Open was a women's tennis event that was played from May 5 to May 13, 2007. It was one of two Tier I events that took place on red clay in the build-up to the second Grand Slam of the year, the French Open. It was played at the Rot-Weiss Tennis Club in the German capital of Berlin. The tournaments offered a total prize fund of US$1,300,000 across all rounds.
Serbian Ana Ivanovic won the title, defeating rival Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final. The title, her second in the Tier I category and her third title overall, saw her enter the world's Top 10 for the first time, where she would remain for two years. En route to the title, two of her opponents retired due to injuries: Alona Bondarenko in the third round, who was trailing 3–6, 0–5 at deuce; and Julia Vakulenko, who was 3–4 down in the first set in the semi-finals.
Prize money & points.
Total prize money: US$1,300,000

</doc>
<doc id="19108073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108073" title="Human Destination">
Human Destination

Human Destination Is the second album by American band The Upsidedown.
Track listing.
All songs written by J. Atoms unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="19108075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108075" title="Cyril Tenison White">
Cyril Tenison White

Cyril Tenison ("C.T.") White (17 August 1890 – 15 August 1950) was an Australian botanist.
Early life.
White was born in Brisbane to Henry White, a trade broker, and Louisa "nee" Bailey. He attended school at South Brisbane State School, and was appointed pupil-assistant to the Colonial Botanist of Queensland in 1905, a position previously held by his grandfather on his father's side, Frederick Manson Bailey. White also succeeded his uncle, John Frederick Bailey, in becoming Queensland's Government Botanist in 1917.
Personal life.
White married Henrietta Duncan Clark, a field naturalist and avid hiker, at South Brisbane on 21 October 1921. They married in Baptist tradition.
Career.
As the Government Botanist, White aided farmers and naturalists in identifying noxious weeds and evaluating native species for pastures and fodder. Between 1915 and 1926, he worked on a 42-part series on weeds which appeared in the "Queensland Agricultural Journal". His books, "An Elementary Textbook of Australian Forest Botany" (1922) and "Principles of Botany for Queensland Farmers" (1938) were used as the textbooks for courses in forestry that he held at University of Queensland. In 1921–1927, he authored a 41-part series on Queensland trees. Also, he co-wrote a 12-part, illustrated series on eucalyptuses with William D. Francis which appeared in "Queensland Naturalist" in 1924–1934.
He collected a number of species from Queensland, neighbouring states, New Guinea, and New Caledonia. These helped to build up the Queensland Herbarium, where he insisted on keeping full data on distribution of all catalogued species.
White was mainly interested in woody species and was an authority on tropical species. He was a correspondent of Harvard University's Arnold Arboretum, and published a monograph of North Queensland rainforest species in its journal "Contributions from the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University". In 1944, he instructed Australian Army forestry companies in New Guinea, and conducted surveys of forests of the British Solomon Islands in 1945. He very much enjoyed bushwalking and camping, leading several excursions of the Queensland Naturalists' Club.
He was active in a number of horticultural and geographical societies, including the Royal Society of Queensland. He liked to encourage young researchers to continue their studies, and was affectionately known among them as "C.T." for his enthusiasm and sociability.
Later life.
He died, just shy of his 60th birthday, from heart disease at his home in Kangaroo Point. He was cremated. White was survived by his wife and two daughters.
Awards & distinctions.
In 1946, White was awarded the Mueller Medal for his important contributions to Australian botanical science. University of Queensland awarded him an honorary M.Sc. in 1948. From 1951, Queensland Naturalists' Club has held an annual C. T. White Memorial Lecture in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19108078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108078" title="Lewis Brand">
Lewis Brand

Lewis Mackenzie Brand (born 21 November 1925 at Dunfermline, Scotland, United Kingdom) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a physician and surgeon by career.
He was first elected at the Saskatoon riding in the 1965 general election. After serving only one term, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Brand was defeated at the newly configured Saskatoon—Humboldt riding by Otto Lang of the Liberal party in the 1968 federal election. Brand was also unsuccessful in unseating Lang in the 1972 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19108089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108089" title="Air Raid Serenades">
Air Raid Serenades

Air Raid Serenades is a greatest hits compilation album from Swedish garage rock band The Hellacopters, released in August 2006. The album complies tracks from all of the band's previous albums, plus some songs that had previously appeared on EPs and other between-album releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19108092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108092" title="Sukhaya River">
Sukhaya River

Sukhaya River () is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 97 km in length. The Sukhaya River originates on the Keivy and flows into the Iokanga River. Its biggest tributary is the Zolotaya River.

</doc>
<doc id="19108093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108093" title="Edward Nasserden">
Edward Nasserden

Edward Nasserden (6 April 1919 at Clarks Crossing, Saskatchewan - 13 November 1995) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an executive director and farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Rosthern riding in the 1958 general election, after an unsuccessful bid for the seat in 1953. Nasserden was re-elected in 1962, 1963 and 1965 then with riding boundary changes he was defeated in the 1968 election at Saskatoon—Biggar, losing to Alfred Gleave of the New Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19108115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108115" title="Ronald McLelland">
Ronald McLelland

Ronald David McLelland (born 27 March 1926 at Loreburn, Saskatchewan) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a farmer by career.
He was elected to Parliament at the Rosetown—Biggar riding in the 1965 general election. After completing only one term in office, the 27th Parliament, McLelland left the House of Commons and did not seek re-election in the 1968 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19108133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108133" title="Ground stop">
Ground stop

A ground stop is an air traffic control measure that slows the flow of inbound aircraft into a given airport. Put another way, a ground stop is the halting of departing aircraft destined for one particular airport or for a specific georgraphic area. [http://businesstravel.about.com/od/faqs/g/FAQ-Ground-Stop.htm]
For example, if a ground stop is called for Miami International Airport, aircraft departing for Miami from other airports will not depart until such time that the ground stop in Miami is lifted. This allows, in this example, for Miami to deal with the task at hand preparing for arriving aircraft once the ground stop is lifted.
Ground stops may occur during an operational event, a thunderstorm, due to the danger of wind shear, hail, or other weather-related hazard. 
In January 2014, Nav Canada issued a ground stop for Toronto Pearson due to cold weather. "The airport authority issued a Tweet just after 7 a.m. saying the extreme cold is causing "equipment freezing and safety issues for employees."
Flights already en route may be diverted to other cities, while those that have not departed their airport of origin will be delayed or cancelled. Airlines are required to manage their aircraft at all airports to minimize the impact to passengers affected by the ground stop.
See also.
Security Control of Air Traffic and Air Navigation Aids (SCATANA)

</doc>
<doc id="19108149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108149" title="Tar Heel Sports Network">
Tar Heel Sports Network

The Tar Heel Sports Network is a radio network in the United States dedicated to broadcasting live events and programming relating to North Carolina Tar Heels athletics. It is operated by Tar Heel Sports Properties, a property of Learfield Communications, Inc., which manages the multimedia rights for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The Network's flagship station is WCHL-AM of Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
The Network consists mainly of local radio affiliates within North Carolina, southern Virginia, and northern South Carolina. Some stations with local interest carry only football or basketball programming. For example, WAMW-FM of Washington, Indiana, the hometown of Tyler Zeller, aired men's basketball from 2009 to 2012.
The Network's lead commentator for football and men's basketball games was Woody Durham until his retirement in 2011. Jones Angell succeeded Durham as "the Voice of the Tar Heels" for both football and basketball beginning with the 2011 football season. Coaches Larry Fedora (football), Mike Fox (baseball), Sylvia Hatchell (women's basketball), and Roy Williams (men's basketball) host programs on the Network during their respective team's season.
The state's most powerful station, WBT in Charlotte, has been an affiliate of the network since 1971, except for 1991 to 1995 and 2006 to 2012. WBT is a 50,000-watt clear-channel station that reaches parts of 22 states, bringing the Tar Heels' broadcasts to most of the eastern half of North America. According to longtime WBT station manager Cullie Tarleton, putting the Tar Heels on WBT was largely the idea of longtime coach Dean Smith, who wanted to tell recruits from New England that their parents would be able to listen to the games. From 2006 to 2012, WFNZ served as the network's Charlotte outlet, but its weak nighttime signal forced the Tar Heels to contract first with WRFX (2006-2011) and WNOW-FM (2011-2012) to air basketball games as well as football games that kicked off after 5 pm. The Tar Heels returned to WBT beginning with the 2012 football season.

</doc>
<doc id="19108152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108152" title="Ken More">
Ken More

Kenneth Hamill (Ken) More (25 May 1907 – 24 October 1993) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Qu'Appelle, Saskatchewan and became a businessman, clothier, manager and secretary-treasurer by career.
He was first elected at the Regina City riding in the 1958 general election after making an unsuccessful bid for the seat in 1957. More was re-elected there in 1962 defeating former Premier Tommy Douglas, the first leader of the New Democratic Party. He was again re-elected in 1963 and 1965. After riding boundary changes in the late 1960s, More's House of Commons career was ended with his defeat at the Regina—Lake Centre riding in the 1968 election to Les Benjamin of the New Democratic Party.
In 1985, More was appointed to the Saskatchewan Sports Hall of Fame for his leadership and support of sports in Saskatchewan during his life. He was president of the Saskatchewan Amateur Hockey Association prior to entering federal politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19108165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108165" title="Floral wire service">
Floral wire service

A floral wire service, also known as a flower relay service is a company established primarily to facilitate order exchange and fulfillment between local florists and/or third-party sales agents of floral products. Floral wire services offer proprietary networks, clearing house services and operate as affiliate marketing schemes. 
History.
The first floral wire service, established by a group of 15 US florists in 1910, was Florists' Telegraph Delivery Service (FTD). The group was formed as a cooperative and was mutually owned by its members. Members exchanged orders via telegraph messages and hence the name 'wire service' was used to identify the order exchange business model. In 1965, with the introduction of international order sending, FTD changed its name to Florists' Transworld Delivery. 
In the 1920s, a group of British florists formed a similar 'Flowers by Wire' group. This group, also a business cooperative and affiliated with FTD, began operating under the name Interflora in 1953. By the 1970s, most European countries had their own Interflora units.
In addition to the cooperatives, independently owned and operated for-profit companies built their own proprietary networks including Teleflora and 1-800-Flowers with their BloomNet division.
Operations.
Similar to travel agents, wire service affiliates' main functions are to act as agents and sell products and services on behalf of local florist suppliers. Unlike other retail businesses, sellers are not required to keep stock on hand. A flower arrangement or other floral gift is not purchased from a supplier unless a customer requests the item. The flowers or other floral gift are supplied to them at a discount. The profit is therefore the difference between the advertised price which the customer pays and the discounted price at which it is charged to the agent. This is known as the commission. A wire service affiliate selling agent typically earns 20% of the product and local delivery price, plus services charges. Additionally, many florist wire services pay performance rebates to affiliate resellers.
Twenty-four states in the USA have now outlawed geographic misrepresentation by floral product sellers in Yellow Pages and in online advertising.National floral marketplaces such as BloomNation offer an alternative to the wire services.

</doc>
<doc id="19108169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108169" title="Nymphe-class sloop">
Nymphe-class sloop

The "Nymphe" class was a class of four screw composite sloops built for the Royal Navy between 1885 and 1888. As built they were armed with four 4-inch guns and four 3-pounder guns.
Design.
Built to a design by William Henry White, Director of Naval Construction, "Nymphe" and her sister ships were constructed of an iron frame sheathed with teak and copper (hence 'composite'), and powered by both sails and a steam engine delivering through twin screws.
Employment.
Although made obsolete by quickly changing naval technology, these sloops were ideal for operations in the far distant outposts of the British Empire in the late 19th century. "Swallow" served on the South Atlantic Station, "Buzzard" on the North America and West Indies Station and "Nymphe" on the Pacific Station. "Daphne" served on the China Station, and it was in June 1900 that she brought ammunition into Shanghai during the Boxer Rebellion. "Nymphe" and "Buzzard" survived until after World War I as harbour training ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19108194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108194" title="Riordan Mansion State Historic Park">
Riordan Mansion State Historic Park

Riordan Mansion State Historic Park is a historic site in the Kinlichi Knoll neighborhood of Flagstaff, Arizona, bordering Northern Arizona University.
Origin.
This park features the duplex home of Timothy and Michael Riordan, lumber baron brothers who married sisters, Caroline and Elizabeth Metz. The brothers were members of an important Arizona Territorial family who played a role in the development of Flagstaff and northern Arizona and were involved in lumber, railroads, cattle, banking, and politics.
Cooperatively the Riordan brothers built their thirteen thousand square foot mansion in 1904 while Arizona was still a territory. The home consisted of two similar six thousand square foot wings for each family, connected by a large common room.
Charles Whittlesey was the architect for the Riordan homes. He also was the architect for the El Tovar Hotel at the Grand Canyon. Architectural similarities between the structures can be found in the massive stone arches at porch corners as well as exterior elements that reflect the surrounding landscape like log planks, wood shingles, and native stone.
Park history.
On November 15, 1978, after over a year of planning and negotiations, Arizona State Parks received a warranty deed conveying the Riordan homes, much of their contents and of land surrounding the structures for State Park purposes.
The public opening of the Park was held on August 4, 1983 and only included the Timothy A. Riordan (east) side of the house. This was the results of cooperative efforts of the family owner, Robert Chambers, who had died in 1980, and the Arizona State Park board members and personnel. On April 27, 2002 the Michael J. Riordan (west) side was opened for self-guided tours.
The park was scheduled to close on February 22, 2010, for an undetermined amount of time due to state budget cutting, but its contract with the Arizona State Parks system was renewed for another three years under the condition it is self-funded. The Riordan Action Network Group, a team of local volunteers fund-raises to keep the park open and pay the staff salaries. The park now maintains very few staff and relies on volunteers to maintain the mansion and provide educational tours.

</doc>
<doc id="19108197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108197" title="Reynold Rapp">
Reynold Rapp

Reynold Rapp (26 December 1901 – 17 June 1972) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Crimea, Russian Empire and became a farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Humboldt—Melfort riding in the 1958 general election. After the riding became known as Humboldt—Melfort—Tisdale, Rapp was re-elected there in 1962, 1963 and 1965. After completing his final term in 1968, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Rapp did not seek another term in Parliament and left federal politics.
Rapp was party Whip in 1967 and 1968.
Rapp resided in the village Spalding, Saskatchewan, where he farmed and was the village overseer from 1950 to 1957; in 1971 his family home, the Reynold Rapp Residence, was donated to the community to form the basis for a museum that opened in his honor in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19108198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108198" title="Strelna River">
Strelna River

Strelna River () is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 160 km in length. The Strelna River originates on the Keivy and flows into the White Sea. Its biggest tributary is the Berezovaya River.

</doc>
<doc id="19108200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108200" title="Stanmer Church">
Stanmer Church

Stanmer Church is a former Anglican church in Stanmer village, on the northeastern edge of the English city of Brighton and Hove. The ancient village stands within Stanmer Park, the former private estate of the Earl of Chichester, which the Brighton Corporation (the predecessor of the present city council) acquired for the benefit of Brighton's citizens after the Second World War. The church and a stately home, Stanmer House, stand outside the village but within the park's boundaries. The church, which was declared redundant in 2008, has been listed at Grade II by English Heritage for its architectural and historical importance.
History.
Stanmer's recorded history goes back to 765, when the village and its lands were given to the South Malling monastery in nearby Lewes by the King of Sussex. The village belonged to the Church for several centuries thereafter, being part of the Episcopal See of Canterbury by the time of the Domesday Book. Ownership transferred from the Archbishop of Canterbury to King Henry VIII during the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
A church was built in the Middle Ages; records of it go back to 1232. It stood on open land outside the village. It had no known dedication, little is known about the building, and the only remnants from the era are some yew trees in the churchyard and several memorial tablets and tombstones.
The church and its associated land were returned to the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1555, not long after the Dissolution. The Pelham family began a long association with the village and church in the 16th century; they took ownership of the whole estate and its lands in the early 18th century. The Grade I-listed Stanmer House was built for them in 1722, and the family became an earldom in 1801 when Thomas Pelham had the title Earl of Chichester bestowed upon him. The Earls demolished the houses and buildings of the old village and created an "estate village" north-east of the church. In 1838, the third Earl of Chichester, Henry Thomas Pelham, decided to demolish the old church and build a new one on the same site. The architect is not known, and as with the original church there is no dedication; the building is always referred to simply as "Stanmer Church".
The Brighton Corporation bought the Stanmer Estate in 1947 as part of its policy of land acquisition, and in 1952 the boundary of the Borough of Brighton was extended to incorporate the parish.
The Diocese of Chichester declared the church redundant from 29 December 2008, meaning it was no longer open for regular public worship. Stanmer Preservation Society maintains the building and opens it every Sunday. It also opens for specials events such as guest speakers and concerts.
Architecture.
Stanmer Church is in the Early English style. It has a simple cruciform layout, with a chancel, nave, north and south transepts and a tower at the west end topped with a thin shingled spire. An entrance porch is incorporated within the ground floor of the tower. A peal of bells cast in 1791 are housed within the tower. Knapped flintwork was used to build the exterior, although the structural quoins are of stone. The church has a slate roof.
Inside, stone walls and carved wooden fittings predominate. Jude Jones, the designated carpenter and estate foreman of the Earls of Chichester and also an active member of the church in the 19th century, designed and constructed all the wooden fixtures. The chancel roof is panelled and has moulded rib vaults and intricately decorated ceiling bosses. The nave roof of four bays also has trefoil-headed panelling.
A gallery at the west end houses an organ built in 1839. A plastered stone reredos, also with trefoil-headed panels, dates from the mid-19th century. It is flanked by panels depicting the Ten Commandments, designed by Jones. He was also responsible for the pulpit, altar and lectern. His son, Francis Jude Jones, succeeded him in his roles in the Stanmer Estate and was also a capable carpenter, designing a new set of entrance doors as a memorial to the 7th Earl of Chichester.
Five memorial tablets and stones were moved from the old church. The oldest non-Pelham memorial dates from 1626, and commemorates Deborah Goffe, the mother of William Goffe (one of the judges at the trial of King Charles I). Another commemorates Sir John Pelham, his wife and their son, all of whom died in the 16th century. They are shown kneeling below the family coat of arms. Other memorials to the Pelhams are housed in the south transept.
Churchyard.
The churchyard contains an unusual wellhouse, rebuilt at the same time as the church, with a rare vertically mounted donkey-wheel dating from the 18th century or possibly earlier. Donkey-wheels are a smaller version of the more common horse-gin. The animal walks a circular path around the well, turns a wheel attached to a pump, and thereby draws water from the ground. Before mechanical power was available, horse or donkey power was sometimes used in areas where aquifers lay a long way below the surface; this was the case on the chalky South Downs, and both types of wheel were common in Sussex in the 18th century. By 1968, however, only three donkey-wheels and five horse-gins survived. The wellhouse was damaged by a falling tree in 2007 but was repaired by Stanmer Preservation Society.
Several members of the Pelham family are buried in the churchyard, mostly on the south side of the church. The churchyard's sole CWGC registered war grave is to the 8th Earl of Chichester, Captain Scots Guards, who was killed in a road accident in 1944.
The church today.
Stanmer Church was listed at Grade II on 2 November 1954. The wellhouse has a separate listing, also at Grade II; this was granted on the same date.
Stanmer Church remains within the joint parish of Stanmer and Falmer. The church at Falmer is dedicated to St Laurence, but it lies across the border in the adjoining local government district of Lewes rather than in the city of Brighton and Hove. The parish covers a mostly rural area, including Stanmer and Falmer villages, the main campuses of the Universities of Sussex and Brighton, and the Falmer–Woodingdean road (B2123) to the edge of the Woodingdean estate. It also extends some way on to the southern face of the South Downs. The parish priest had responsibility for the chaplaincies of the two universities. Until its closure, there was a weekly service on Sunday evenings, and prayer sessions twice a month. Although no longer used for religious ceremonies, it is still opened by Stanmer Preservation Society every Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="19108206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108206" title="James Ormiston">
James Ormiston

James Norris Ormiston (30 May 1915 – 7 August 1977) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and became a farmer and insurance agent by career.
He was first elected at the Melville riding in the 1958 general election after unsuccessful bids for a seat there in 1953 and 1957. Ormiston was re-elected in 1962, 1963 and 1965. With riding boundary changes, Ormiston became a candidate at the Yorkton—Melville riding for the 1968 election where he was defeated by Lorne Nystrom of the New Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19108211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108211" title="Doré River">
Doré River

The Doré River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
According to a trapper named Jack Damon, the river was originally called Fifty Mile Creek and was given the name doré, French for "golden", by a Norwegian prospector named Olson.
Course.
The Doré River originates in the Cariboo Mountains, flowing generally north to join the Fraser River in the Robson Valley portion of the Rocky Mountain Trench just north of McBride.

</doc>
<doc id="19108226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108226" title="Reg Cantelon">
Reg Cantelon

Reginald (Reg) Cantelon (24 September 1902 - 1993) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Indian Head, Northwest Territories and became a school principal and teacher by career.
He was first elected at the Kindersley riding in the 1963 general election after an unsuccessful attempt to win the riding in the 1957 election. Cantelon was re-elected in the 1965, but defeated by Rod Thomson of the New Democratic Party in the 1968 election, when Cantelon's riding was changed to Battleford—Kindersley.
External links.
Category:People from Northwest Territories

</doc>
<doc id="19108234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108234" title="Mountain Fire Lookout Tower">
Mountain Fire Lookout Tower

Mountain Fire Lookout Tower is a fire lookout tower in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States.
It is the eighth property featured in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.
It is located on Forest Service Rd. 2335 (Tower Rd.), Lakewood Ranger District, Nicolet National Forest, in Riverview, Wisconsin.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on 19 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19108239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108239" title="Loveman's (Nashville)">
Loveman's (Nashville)

Loveman, Berger & Teitelbaum, more commonly referred to as Loveman's, was a Nashville, Tennessee-based full service department store, originally located at 5th and Union streets in that city. Relatives of the founder of this chain founded Loveman's of Alabama and Loveman's located in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
History.
Loveman, Berger & Teitelbaum could trace its roots back to the 1862, when father Morris Loveman and his son David Loveman relocated to Nashville. Morris opened a wholesale dry goods and notions house on Cedar Street, while David set up a corset and hoop skirt manufacturing company at 60 North College Street, just north of the City Square. Both Morris’ and David’s businesses prospered. David’s, which became D. Loveman & Company, expanded beyond hoop skirts, which eventually became unfashionable, into a larger dry goods establishment. With the addition of partners Samuel W. Berger and Henry Teitelbaum in the 1890s, it became a department store and took the name Loveman, Berger & Teitelbaum, and the sobriquet, “The Satisfactory Store.” 
The company erected their flagship store at Fifth and Union Streets in downtown Nashville around 1900. The building was sold in 1961, and razed in 1966. In 1951, it opened a suburban location at Harding and White Bridge Roads, which became its flagship store. The remaining store closed its doors in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19108243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108243" title="Louis-Paul Neveu">
Louis-Paul Neveu

Louis-Paul Neveu (born 4 July 1931 at Saint-Césaire, Quebec) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an insurance superintendent and life insurance agent by career.
He was first elected at the Shefford riding in the 1965 general election. After his only term in office, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Neveu was defeated in the 1968 election by Gilbert Rondeau of the Ralliement créditiste (later the Social Credit party). Neveu was unsuccessful in subsequent bids for the riding in 1972 and 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19108249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108249" title="Maurice Rinfret">
Maurice Rinfret

Maurice Rinfret (6 March 1915 – 26 December 1967) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Montreal, Quebec and became a businessman and trader by career.
He was first elected at the Saint-Jacques riding in the 1962 general election after an unsuccessful bid for the seat in 1958. Rinfret was re-elected there in 1963 and 1965, but died in office before completing his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament.
Rinfret was a chief assistant to the government Whip from 1963 to 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19108270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108270" title="Edward Harvey (disambiguation)">
Edward Harvey (disambiguation)

Edward Harvey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19108299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108299" title="Georgia Museum of Natural History">
Georgia Museum of Natural History

Georgia Museum of Natural History is the U.S. state of Georgia's museum of natural history in Athens. The science portion of the museum has fourteen different collections in Archaeology, Arthropod, Botany Herbarium, Economic Geology, Herpetology, Ichthyology, Invertebrate, Mammalogy, Mycological Herbarium, Ornithology, Paleontology, Pollen and Plant Microspore, Rocks and Minerals, and Zooarchaeology as well as more than 325,000 alcohol induced fish specimens. In addition, there are exhibits, archives, and entertainment for children. Its more than four million objects makes it one of the largest museums in the Southeast. The museum's webpage is one of the most visited on the University of Georgia website.

</doc>
<doc id="19108301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108301" title="Bab al-Louq">
Bab al-Louq

Bab al-Louq (also Bab el-Louk, Bab al-Luq; , ) is a neighborhood in downtown Cairo. The Egyptian Ministry of Interior is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="19108303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108303" title="Chris Parker">
Chris Parker

Chris Parker may refer to:
See also.
Christopher Parker (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="19108305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108305" title="Service Personnel and Veterans Agency">
Service Personnel and Veterans Agency

The Service Personnel and Veterans Agency was officially launched on 2 April 2007 as an executive agency of the UK Ministry of Defence. SPVA provides personnel, pensions, welfare and support services to members of the UK Armed Forces and veterans and their dependents. It was formed by merging the former Armed Forces Personnel Administration Agency (AFPAA) with the Veterans Agency.
The formation of SPVA has led to the provision of a fully integrated set of ‘through life’ personnel services to the serving and veterans community - where a single contact with the Agency will grant access to customer information and advice on pay, pensions, compensation payments, records of service and medal entitlement.
The responsibility for all pension provision, whether a War Pension or an Armed Forces pension now falls under the direct control of SPVA, reducing the risk of omitting or duplicating information. 
The SPVA operates from four main sites: Glasgow (Kentigern House), Gloucester (Imjin Barracks), Gosport (Centurion Building) and Norcross (Blackpool)
The SPVA's executive agency status was removed on 16 June 2011 in preparation for it to be merged into the Defence Business Services organisation by 2013 as DBS Military HR.
Functions.
JPA 
The Joint Personnel Administration (JPA) system rolled out to the RAF on 20 March 2006, the RN in Oct 2006 and the Army in March 2007. JPA involves new, modern personnel administrative processes, based on harmonised policy and regulations. It has been delivered using a commercial software package and is accessible to all service personnel via Defence Information Infrastructure (DII). Individuals have access and responsibility for the upkeep of their own information and can make expenses and allowance claims on-line, via the self-service facility. Continued improvement and development of JPA functionality is an on-going commitment. There have been (as of 2011) 14 major JPA releases and Monthly releases delivering improved system functionality and security. 
AFCS
The Armed Forces Compensation Scheme (AFCS) is a package for serving and former members of the Armed Forces. It is designed to provide compensation, irrespective of fault, across the full range of circumstances in which illness, injury or death may arise as a result of service. AFCS replaced the previous arrangements under the War Pensions Scheme and the attributable elements of AFPS 1975. The scheme covers all Regular and Reserve personnel whose injury, ill health or death is predominantly caused by service on or after 6 April 2005. Tax free lump sum awards, up to £570,000, for injury can be paid in Service, with an additional monthly Guaranteed Income monthly payment, available for the most seriously injured, on leaving the Armed Forces. 
Pensions
The agency is responsible for the assessment, award, payment and maintenance of all pensions relating to service in the Armed Forces. This includes the Armed Forces Pension Schemes, Reserve Forces Pension Scheme and, for those disabled or bereaved through service, war disablement pensions, related allowances and other payments to veterans. The agency provides payments to around 584,000 ex-service personnel or dependants each month.
JCCC
The Joint Casualty and Compassionate Centre (JCCC) provides a 24/7 service to members of the Armed Forces. Handling over 90,000 telephone calls a year, it co-ordinates all work relating to current military fatalities, injuries and compassionate cases, including family liaison and repatriation. JCCC also co-ordinates investigations following the discovery of human remains of personnel from primarily the First and Second World Wars. 
Medals
The MOD Medal Office is responsible for the assessment, engraving and awarding of circa 44,000 current campaign and historic medals a year to past and present members of the Armed Forces. Medals relating to service dating back as far as World War II can still be claimed. Around 200 such applications per week are received from veterans and their families. 
Veterans badges
In addition, the agency continues to administer the distribution of the extremely popular HM Armed Forces Veterans Badge, with over 811,000 issued as at October 2010.
Veterans support 
The SPVA’s Veterans Services Directorate provides support to anyone who has served in HM Armed Forces, even just for a day. This includes a free Veterans-UK helpline and website, providing advice on benefits, compensation payments, pensions, employment and much more. For those with more specific needs, the Veterans Welfare Service (VWS) provides one-to-one advice and support especially in respect of the statutory schemes (WPS and AFCS), in the home if needed. VWS have five regional hubs known as Veterans Welfare Centres from 25 offices across the UK. Each centre acts as a first point of contact for welfare delivery, providing professional help, advice and guidance over the phone. From there, a Welfare Manager, local to the client, may be contacted if further assistance with resolving the clients issue is needed. SPVA also administers and manages the Ilford Park Polish Home (IPPH) near Newton Abbot, Devon. The home provides residential and nursing care for former members of the Polish forces who served under British command during WWII in accordance with the Polish Resettlement Act 1947. Despite the increasing age of residents, considerable demand for places at IPPH continues. The home accommodates 98 residents, with an average age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19108306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108306" title="Turnagain River">
Turnagain River

The Turnagain River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The Turnagain River was named by Samuel Black of the Hudson's Bay Company, who in 1824 journeyed to the river before turning back. Part of the river flows through the Muskwa-Kechika Management Area.
Course.
The Turnagain River flows generally east and north to join the Kechika River. The Kechika River is a tributary of the Liard River, which is in turn tributary to the Mackenzie River, which empties into the Arctic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="19108308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108308" title="Wongwian Yai">
Wongwian Yai

Wongwian Yai, also spelled "Wong Wian Yai" or "Wongwien Yai" (), is a large roundabout (traffic circle) in Thon Buri, western bank of the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok, Thailand, where the Statue of King Taksin is situated. It is located in the district of Thon Buri and Khlong San in the centre of Bangkok, at the intersection of Prajadhipok/Inthara Phithak/Lat Ya/Somdet Phra Chao Taksin Roads. Nearby there is Wongwian Yai Station, historical commuter railway terminal to Mahachai (local name of Samut Sakon provincial city) and Mae Khlong (Samut Songkhram) in south-western suburb of Bangkok.
History.
The Circle was built following the Memorial Bridge (Phra Phutta Yodfa Bridge) opening on April 6, 1932, commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Chakri Dynasty and Bangkok City. The Bridge from old Bangkok conducted 11 new road projects to be built on Thon Buri side of the Chao Phraya River, also with the Circle. Wongwian Yai, 'Big Circle' in thai was named as there was another smaller circle with clock tower next to the Memorial Bridge called Wongwian Lek, 'Small Circle'. The name became proper as no other circles in Thailand had been called Big or Small Circle officially. The Statue of King Taksin, however, was built 21 years later.
Statue of King Taksin.
For memorial to Taksin the Great, one of the great Thai kings who liberated the country after Ayutthaya was taken by the Burmese in 1767, the statue was built here in 1953, in Thon Buri side which the king had established as the new capital in 1768. The statue was executed by the Italian sculptor Corrado Feroci, who worked under the Thai name Silpa Bhirasi. A state ceremony on a day of homage to the king, December 28, has been held annually since 1954.
Wongwian Yai Area.
The Circle is one of Bangkok's major traffic intersections, linking residential area in Thonburi side to Bangkok downtown side through the Memorial Bridge in the north. The north-eastern road Lat Ya links to Khlong San Pier with crossing river ferry service to Si Phraya Road or the further Taksin Bridge to Sathon and Si Lom business clusters. The southern road Somdet Phrachao Taksin (or Taksin Road) links to suburban area on Suk Sawat and Rama II Road and reaches Chulachomklao Fort at the river mouth in Samut Prakan Province. The western road Inthara Phitak is important as it links to the beginning of Phetchakasem Road, the first highway to the western and southern of Thailand. At the south-west corner of the circle, there is also the commuter railway station to Samut Sakhon Province.
Because of traffic potential, the area was used to be major business area of Thonburi, before urbanization reached outer area of Bangkok. There are many markets, retail shops, department stores, cinemas, and all the accommodations. Apart from fresh or cooked food stalls, the area is also famous as the largest cluster of thai leather traders on Charoen Rat Road opposite the railway station.
Transportation.
The Circle is one of the BMTA bus hubs in Thonburi Side. There are bus stops at all the four roads around the circle, for bus lines: 3, 4, 7, 7A, 9, 10, 20, 21, 37, 42, 43, 57, 68 (minibus), 82, 84, 84A, 85, 88, 89, 105, 111, 120, 149, 164, 167, 169, 172, 173, 177, 529, 530, 542.
As well as the Maeklong Railway, which runs commuter rail services to Samut Sakhon (Mahachai Line) and Samut Songkhram Province (Ban Laem Line), there is also new BTS Skytrain Wongwian Yai station, the Silom Line extension from Taksin Bridge Station. It is located at Taksin Intersection, 1 km south from the circle, open as of May 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19108311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108311" title="Lester Apartments">
Lester Apartments

The Lester Apartments was a building in the west side of Beacon Hill, Seattle, Washington, USA. It was constructed in 1910–1911, originally intended to be the world's largest brothel. After scandal (and women's suffrage) forced Seattle mayor Hiram Gill from office, the building was converted to be an ordinary apartment house. It met a disastrous end when a B-50 Superfortress crashed into it in 1951, causing a fire that engulfed the building.
History.
Hiram Gill was elected Seattle mayor in 1910 on an "open city" platform, but the city soon got even more than it bargained for. He re-appointed Charles "Wappy" Wappenstein, previously dismissed for corruption, as chief of police. Their administration was dramatically corrupt, to the point of being a national news story. Among other things, police chief Wappenstein cut a graft deal with vice bosses Clarence Gerald and Gideon Tupper: his payoffs amounted to a US$10 per month tax on prostitutes, paid into Wappenstein's pocket. Tupper and Gerald decided to capitalize on their situation and formed the Hillside Improvement Company to build a resort on the west side of Beacon Hill (just uphill from Sicks’ Seattle Brewing and Malting Company, the Rainier Brewery, now Tully's Coffee) including a 500-room brothel, a wood-frame building so big that it required a street vacation, and which would have been the world's largest brothel.
Gill was recalled from office February 9, 1911 and the 500 "cribs" were combined into ordinary multi-room apartments. The building came to be known as the Lester Apartments. Eventually, many Boeing workers at nearby Boeing Field took up residence there, especially during World War II.
The proximity to Boeing Field proved to be the building's downfall. On August 13, 1951 at about 2:15 P.M., a Boeing B-50D-110-BO Superfortress bomber, "49-0268", took off from Boeing Field on a flight to check out military equipment. Three Air Force men and three Boeing employees were aboard. The plane developed engine trouble immediately after taking off. The starboard wing nicked the top of the brewery and the plane cartwheeled into the apartment house, killing the plane's crew of six. The plane had of fuel, and all engines were on. The collision and resulting conflagration killed five of the building's residents and injured eleven others. The building was damaged beyond repair.

</doc>
<doc id="19108313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108313" title="Rosta River">
Rosta River

Rosta River () is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 10 km in length. The Rosta River originates in the Lake Rogozero and flows into the Kola Bay. The Rosta District of Murmansk takes its name from the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19108316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108316" title="Marcel Brion">
Marcel Brion

Marcel Brion (; November 21, 1895, Marseille – October 23, 1984, Paris) was a French essayist, literary critic, novelist, and historian. 
The son of a lawyer, Brion was classmates in Thiers with Marcel Pagnol and Albert Cohen. After completing his secondary education in Collège Champittet, Switzerland, he studied law at the University of Aix-en-Provence. Counsel to the bar of Marseille between 1920 and 1924, he abandoned his legal career to turn to literature.
Brion wrote nearly a hundred books in his career, ranging from historical biography to examinations of Italian and German art, and turning later in life to novels. His most famous collection of stories is the 1942 "Les Escales de la Haute Nuit" (The Shore Leaves Of The Deepest Night). An essay of Brion appears in Our Exagmination Round His Factification for Incamination of Work in Progress, the important 1929 critical appreciation of James Joyce's Finnegans Wake. 
He was a friend of the philosopher Xavier Tilliette.
In 1964, Brion was elected to the Académie françaisechair 33, replacing his friend Jean-Louis Vaudoyer. Other distinctions include membership in the Légion d'honneur, the Croix de guerre 1914–1918, a Grand Officer in the French Ordre national du Mérite, and an Officer of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. 
The 1982 television program "The Romantic Spirit," which aired in the U.S. on the A&E Network from 1985-1991, credits Brion as having "devised" the series.
His son, Patrick Brion, critic and film historian, is the "voice" of Cinema midnight on France 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19108328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108328" title="Asahi Sonorama">
Asahi Sonorama

History.
Asahi Sonorama was created as a division of Asahi Shimbunsha on September 9, 1959 under the name "Asahi Sonopress". It was initially established to record interviews, news, crime scene investigations, and articles on a variety of topics, and then release them on tape and sonosheets in the audio recording magazine "Asahi Sonorama" (from whence the company got its name). While doing this, the company also began publishing other magazines, manga collections, and novels.
Even though the sound quality of sonosheets was lower than that of vinyl records, the sonosheets were flexible and could last a long time. Asahi Sonorama found a market among those who could not afford the high price of LP records and was therefore able to enter the record market and compete with record companies and publishers.
After a time, however, the magazine and the sonosheet started having different content, and sale started dropping, so the magazine began changing its area of specialty toward having more child-oriented music and content. As anime, manga, tokusatsu, TV dramas, and the like became more popular, the magazine became more of a digest or anthology of stories, theme songs, and pictures from these series. Because of this, people began purchasing the magazine as a gift for children and sales began to be brisk again. However, the various record companies and publishers began taking advantage of this popularity by publishing their own magazines and sonosheets. 
In the 1960s, due to the huge rise in the number of television shows targeting children, there was also a huge rise in the amount of material to choose from for inclusion in "Asahi Sonorama". Since all of them were drawing from the same sources, the "Asahi Sonorama" and its rivals would often release sonosheets and vinyl records at the same time. Asahi Sonorama (the company) began to move into the vinyl record market at this time. In 1966, the company's name was changed from "Asahi Sonopress" to "Asahi Sonorama".
Due to the flooding of the market with similar goods, many companies began going under in the 1970s because they couldn't maintain their production levels and still make a profit. Asahi Sonorama was able to improve their manufacturing technique for the sonosheets to the point where they could attach paper labels to them, calling them "punch sheets" instead of "sonosheets". They also improved the sound quality, allowing them to release anime and tokusatsu picture books with the included punch sheet in stereo instead of mono sound. In 1975, Asahi Sonorama established its "Sonorama Bunko" imprint, and in September that same year began publication of the magazine "Manga Shōnen".
Unfortunately, the market for picture books with included records disappeared quickly in the 1980s, so they refocused their attention on the regular publishing business.
Between June 21, 2007 and September 30 of the same year, Asahi Sonorama went through bankruptcy liquidation proceedings. The trademarks for "Sonosheet" and "Asahi Sonorama" were passed to their parent company, Asahi Shimbunsha (publisher of the "Asahi Shimbun"), and publication rights were handled by the publication division of that company. On April 1, 2008, Asahi Shimbunsha spun off its publication division into a subsidiary company, Asahi Shimbun Publications, and Asahi Sonorama is now considered a division of that company.
Publications.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19108330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108330" title="Sunnyside Mall">
Sunnyside Mall

The Sunnyside Mall is an upscale Canadian shopping mall in Bedford, Nova Scotia. The mall is home to the largest indoor market in the Maritimes, Pete's Frootique. Other retailers include Melanie Lyne, Backyard & Veranda, who have a flagship store in the mall, Sony Style, The Freak Lunchbox, Uncommon Kids Gear, The Village Green, Moe's Menswear, Indigo Books, The Garage Clothing Co. and Cucina Moderna.
The following Metro Transit bus routes pass by the mall:

</doc>
<doc id="19108342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108342" title="Jacques-Raymond Tremblay">
Jacques-Raymond Tremblay

Jacques-Raymond Tremblay (31 August 1923 – 2 August 2012) was a Canadian politician.
Tremblay was born in Sorel, Quebec. He was a life underwriter by career.
He was elected in Richelieu—Verchères riding for the Liberal Party of Canada in a 29 May 1967 by-election. After serving the remaining term of the 27th Canadian Parliament, Tremblay left federal political office and did not campaign in the 1968 federal election. He became an assistant to the Minister of National Revenue from 1968 to 1969.
Tremblay turned to provincial politics, winning a seat in the Iberville riding and served one term as a Liberal member of the National Assembly of Quebec. He was elected in the 1973 election and defeated in 1976.
He should not be confused with Jacques Tremblay (no relation), who served in the same electoral district for the same political party from 1985 to 1989.
Tremblay died at Sorel-Tracy on 2 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19108353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108353" title="Kamalapur">
Kamalapur

Kamalapur or Kamalapura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19108358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108358" title="Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District">
Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District

Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District, formerly known as Tompkins Street Historic District, is a historic district in Cortland, New York. It encompasses 109 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district of Cortland and the surrounding residential areas. It includes about 60 commercial buildings built between 1860 and 1910, public buildings such as the separately listed U.S. Post Office, and the Cortland Rural Cemetery. Residences date as early as the 1830s and include mansions from the 1890-1916 period. Most residences are 2 1/2 stories and of frame construction.
Under the Tompkins Street name, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Its boundaries were increased to include Main Street from Tompkins to Clinton Streets in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19108360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108360" title="Jacques Tremblay">
Jacques Tremblay

Jacques Tremblay is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19108364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108364" title="Urban Interventionism">
Urban Interventionism

Urban Interventionism is a name sometimes given to a number of different kinds of activist design and art practices, art that typically responds to the social community, locational identity, the built environment, and public places. The goals are often to create new awareness of social issues, and to stimulate community involvement. Such practices have a history that includes certain street artists of the 1960s, such as The Diggers of San Francisco, or the Provos of Amsterdam, among many others.
Contemporary artists often associated with urban interventionist practices are Daniel Buren, Gordon Matta-Clark, Mierle Laderman Ukeles, Krzysztof Wodiczko, Thomas Hirschhorn, Francis Alÿs, Harrell Fletcher, the Red Peristyle group, Banksy and many others.
Social and spatial.
Urban Interventionism has been associated with a changed understanding of the relationship between the social and the spacial, called the "spatial turn" of the arts and sciences in the 1980s. In this turn a new viewpoint was taken on public and urban spaces ""..whereby urban spaces are seen not merely as containers for or outcomes of social processes, but as a medium through which they unfold and as having constitutive signiﬁcance themselve."" According to this train of thought the spatial sights of a city have the power to shape interactions and create new experiences. This power is utilized by urban interventions through the works created by the artists.
Ideology.
Urban interventionism often target local communities as their targets. There are different strands of activity within urban interventionism. While mostly activistic, many artists have different focus points. George Yúdice, Professor of American Studies Program
and of Spanish and Portuguese at New York University, defines the term as referring to "public or participatory art through which publics constitute themselves and experience something extraordinary in the process. The famous street artist Banksy, for example, has done a few famous urban interventions. Some of these are political statements, like his stencil of a girl using balloons filled with helium to float over the wall between Palestine and Israel. Professor David Pinder of the University of London stated that urban interventions are often specifically directed towards the urban space that it is situated in: ""(urban interventions)...are typically concerned less with representing political issues than with intervening in urban spaces so as to question, refunction and contest prevailing norms and ideologies, and to create new meanings, experiences, understandings, relationships and situations."" An example of a more situational urban intervention is the RedBall project by Kurt Perschke. The project consists of a large inflatable red ball that has been set up at many different sites worldwide, providing a new engaging space for people to interact with.
Disciplines.
Much of the work is multidisciplinary and intermedial, combining art forms or creating works that are hard to classify. Artists working in this international vein often utilize outdoor video projection, found objects, sculptural artifacts, posters, and performance events that might include and involve passersby on the street. Urban interventions are not first objects to pursue the creation of meaning in urban space through the combination of art forms, and they have been linked to artists and philosophers of the 1960's. In 1968 philosopher and sociologist Henri Lefebvre wrote the "Le Droit à la ville" (Right to the City), in which he states that: 
This also echoes other art forms that are connected to urban interventionalism like the 1960's Happenings and Richard Wagner's Gesamtkunstwerk. These also saw urban space as a medium, bringing art into peoples' daily lives.

</doc>
<doc id="19108366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108366" title="EMD DE30AC and DM30AC">
EMD DE30AC and DM30AC

The EMD DE30AC and EMD DM30AC are 46 locomotives built in 1997-1998 by Electro-Motive Division in the Super Steel Plant in Schenectady NY for the Long Island Rail Road of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) in New York. The fleet currently consists of 24 DE30AC locomotives (engines that operate on diesel power only) and 21 DM30AC locomotives (engines that can operate on both diesel and electric power).
Details and usage.
The DE30AC and DM30AC locomotives replaced aging GP38s, Alco FA1/FA2s, F7As and F9As, and MP15AC and SW1001 locomotives, with GP38s used to push and pull diesel trains and other locomotives used to provide Head End Power for the trains. The bodies of the DE30AC and the DM30AC are similar; the difference is the ability of the DM30AC to use electric third rail while the diesel engine is off, enabling the locomotive to use the East River Tunnels into New York Penn Station. DM30ACs have third rail contact shoes, permitting direct service from non-electrified lines in eastern Long Island via the western electrified main lines all the way to Penn Station. A few such trains a day run on the Port Jefferson, Oyster Bay, and Montauk Branches. 
Single engines generally run with 6 cars or less and are placed on the East (Montauk) end of the train, although some single engine services run with up to 8 cars. Generally two engines are used when there are 8 or more cars. Of the original 46 locomotives, 45 are still in use: #503 (DM30AC) was damaged in an accident at Huntington on October 23, 2000, when it hit a shopping cart on the tracks, which shorted out the third rail and caused a fire. It currently sits in the LIRR's Morris Park yard and has been stripped for spare parts to maintain the remainder of the fleet. #507 (DM30AC) suffered an electrical cabinet failure and was converted into DE30AC #423 at the Morris Park Facility. 

</doc>
<doc id="19108388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108388" title="Raymond Langlois">
Raymond Langlois

Raymond Langlois (born 10 April 1936 at Wolseley, Saskatchewan) was a Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a professor by career.
He was first elected at the Mégantic riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963 and 1965.
After completing his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament, Langlois left the House of Commons and did not seek re-election in the 1968 election. He was unsuccessful in an attempt to return to Parliament in the 1972 election at Lapointe riding.

</doc>
<doc id="19108391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108391" title="Auguste Choquette">
Auguste Choquette

Auguste Choquette (born 29 August 1932) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Lotbinière riding in the 1963 general election after an unsuccessful attempt there in 1962. Choquette was re-elected in 1965, but with riding changes was defeated at Bellechasse riding in the 1968 federal election by Adrien Lambert of the Ralliement créditiste. Choquette did not seek another term in Parliament after this.

</doc>
<doc id="19108395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108395" title="Thriving Ivory (album)">
Thriving Ivory (album)

Thriving Ivory is the self-titled debut album of rock band, Thriving Ivory. The album was originally released on May 18, 2003 on the Wolfgang label, and re-released on June 24, 2008 on Wind-up Records. The sound of their self-titled release was inspired by bands such as U2 and Coldplay. The debut album hit #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
Song information.
Keyboard player Scott Jason told Songfacts the track "Alien" "is the most personal song to me on the record. That song is about my brother. And my brother, he's a brilliant, brilliant, brilliant kid, a full scholarship to Berkeley, and he's gone through some pretty heavy stuff. So that song is really personal." 

</doc>
<doc id="19108413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108413" title="James Alexander Lindsay">
James Alexander Lindsay

Lieutenant-General Sir James Alexander Lindsay KCMG (25 August 1815 – 13 August 1874) was a British Army officer, Conservative Party politician, and member of Clan Lindsay.
Career.
Born at Muncaster Castle in 1815, James was the second son of James Lindsay, 24th Earl of Crawford. Educated at Eton, Lindsay was commissioned an ensign in the Grenadier Guards on 16 March 1832.
He was returned as Member of Parliament (MP) for Wigan at a by-election in October 1845, and held the seat until he was defeated at the 1857 general election. He regained the seat at the 1859 election. Promoted lieutenant-colonel in 1860, he was commanding the Brigade of Guards in London in 1861. He then served as a major general on the staff in Canada from 1863 to 1867. During this period, in March 1866, he resigned from Parliament by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead.,
Lindsay served as inspecting general of the foot guards from 1867 to 1868, and inspector general of reserve forces from 1868 to 1870. He was seconded from this command to serve as Commander-in-Chief, Canada during the Red River Rebellion, and organized the force of the Wolseley Expedition. On 15 September 1870, he was appointed to the colonelcy of The Buffs. He was promoted to lieutenant general on 10 October 1870. Lindsay was made a KCMG, together with Wolseley, on 22 December 1870, for their services in Canada. Lindsay died at Cranmer House, Mitcham in 1874.
Family.
Lindsay married Lady Sarah Elizabeth Savile, the daughter of John Savile, 3rd Earl of Mexborough, on 6 November 1845. They had children:

</doc>
<doc id="19108423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108423" title="Marble Head Trail">
Marble Head Trail

Marble Head Trail is an trail located on Drummond Island within Drummond Township, Michigan. There is no cost or fee to hike this particular trail. Marble Head Trail gets its name from the cliff area, also named Marble Head, which is first place in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to view sunrise. Marble Head looks out over Lake Huron, one of the three Great Lakes that touch the Upper Peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="19108447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108447" title="Varzina River">
Varzina River

Varzina River () is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 35 km in length. The Varzina River originates in the Lake Yenozero and flows into the Barents Sea. Its biggest tributary is the Penka River.

</doc>
<doc id="19108480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108480" title="Alcide Simard">
Alcide Simard

Joseph Alcide Simard (25 October 1907 – 21 December 1984) was a Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Saint-Léonard, Quebec, he was a life insurance agent by career.
He was first elected at the Lac-Saint-Jean riding in the 1965 general election. After his only term in Parliament, Simard was defeated at Lac-Saint-Jean in the 1968 election by Marcel Lessard of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19108481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108481" title="Ben Algar">
Ben Algar

Benjamin Christopher "Ben" Algar (born 3 December 1989 in Dronfield) is an English footballer who is currently playing for Sheffield FC.
Career.
England.
Having come through the youth systems of Sheffield United and Chesterfield, Algar made his professional debut for the Spireites on 4 September 2007, coming on as a substitute in the 55th minute of a 3–1 defeat at home to Hartlepool United in the Football League Trophy. He made five league appearances for Chesterfield in the 2008–09 Football League season, but was told that he would not be offered a new deal by the club, and was released on 7 May 2009.
In the Summer of 2009 Algar had trials at League Two club Burton Albion and Conference National club Mansfield Town. Eventually, he signed with Matlock Town of the Northern Premier League Premier Division. He made 29 appearances and scored two goals for Matlock under head coach Mark Atkins.
United States.
On 1 March 2011, Algar moved to the United States when he signed for USL Professional Division expansion team FC New York. The deal was facilitated via FC New York's relationship with English club Sheffield United.

</doc>
<doc id="19108485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108485" title="Ministry of Interior (Egypt)">
Ministry of Interior (Egypt)

The Ministry of Interior of Egypt is part of the Cabinet of Egypt. It is responsible for law enforcement in Egypt. The current minister is Mohamed Ibrahim.
The Ministry of Interior directs the Central Security Forces, around 325,000 in 2007, the Border Guard Forces, 12,000 in 2007; the National Police, around 500,000 ' and the Egyptian Homeland security, around 200,000 strong.
The Border Guard Forces are organised in 18 border guard regiments. The Border Guard Forces are a lightly armed paramilitary unit, mostly Bedouins, responsible for border surveillance, general peacekeeping, drug interdiction, and prevention of smuggling. During the late 1980s, the force was equipped with remote sensors, night-vision binoculars, communications vehicles, and high-speed motorboats. The Border Guard Forces apparently used to be under the Ministry of Defence, but at some point before 2007 were transferred to the Ministry of the Interior.
As of 30 January 2011, Egyptian protesters besieged the building of the Ministry of interior. The Army negotiated a settlement with the staff and protestors, whereby the Cairo staff leave the building peaceful while the army protects the building.

</doc>
<doc id="19108497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108497" title="Melis Stoke">
Melis Stoke

Melis Stoke ( 1235 – c. 1305) was a Dutch writer who lived in the 13th century.
Biography.
Melis Stoke was probably born in the Dutch province of Zeeland around 1235. He died somewhere around 1305.
He started writing in 1290 in Middle Dutch a chronicle in rhyme on the countship of Holland.
His most famous work was the "Rijmkroniek", the "chronicle in rhyme", among the first books written in the Dutch language. In it is the account of the murder on count Floris V. Stoke found his information from written sources, eyewitness accounts and his own observations.
Melis Stoke was a clerk in the Floris V's service. He probably learned to read and write in a monastery.
Sources do not mention whether Stoke was a monk himself. There is evidence he had been in the service of the city of Dordrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="19108516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108516" title="Fearless (Crystal Lewis album)">
Fearless (Crystal Lewis album)

Fearless is the 9th studio solo album by Contemporary Christian singer Crystal Lewis.
The album was nominated for a Grammy in 2001. Lewis was previously nominated for her contribution to the Kirk Franklin song "Lean On Me" in 1998. "Fearless" takes a decidedly more mainstream approach to the artists sound, incorporating elements of both electronica and R&B in many of the songs. The album includes the Kirk Franklin-penned "I Still Believe" which previously made its first appearance on a "Touched by an Angel" Christmas soundtrack album. Most of "Fearless" features drumwork by Vinnie Colaiuta. The ballad "Trust Me" features background vocals from R&B singer Rahsaan Patterson. Christian rappers T-Bone and J-Raw (of Priesthood) appear on the song "What a Fool I've Been". The song "Only Fools" is a newer version from the original one from the album "Remember.

</doc>
<doc id="19108540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108540" title="History of the Old Kent Road">
History of the Old Kent Road

History of the Old Kent Road is a mural by Polish artist Adam Kossowski. It is on the exterior of the former North Peckham Civic Centre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19108559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108559" title="Knox Church, Dunedin">
Knox Church, Dunedin

Knox Church is a notable building in Dunedin, New Zealand. It houses the city's second Presbyterian congregation and is the city's largest church of any denomination. Situated close to the university at the northern end of the CBD on George Street it is visible from much of the central city.
It was designed by Robert Lawson in the 13th century Gothic style and construction began in 1872. It is the second building for the congregation. The first, completed in 1860, was the second Presbyterian church in the settlement. It was a large wooden structure sited in Great King Street, close to the University of Otago Faculty of Dentistry building. Though this was only ever intended to be a short-term home for the Knox congregation the onset of the Central Otago Gold Rush intensified the need for a larger, permanent structure.
Church officials held a competition which was won by Lawson. His plans, however, would have exceeded the church's £5,000 budget and the deacons fell back on a design by David Ross. Because he insisted on employing an inspector of works who "could be bought at any time with a pot of beer", Ross's contract was annulled within two months. The church authorities approached Lawson again and he took over the project. (Ross successfully sued but was awarded a mere £2 in damages.).
The building eventually cost £17,757 and was opened on November 5, 1876. Constructed of bluestone from quarries close to the Water of Leith, and with Oamaru stone dressings and spire, its plan forms a Latin cross, with a nave 30 metres in length and 22 metres in average width. The spire rises to a height of 51 metres. Unusually for a New Zealand church, it contains two pipe organs, a large Hill, Norman, & Beard one installed in 1931 and extensively refurbished in 1974, and a smaller oak-case instrument originally installed in a church in Christchurch.
Because of maintenance requirements and the need to install a new fire sprinkler system the church was closed for the first time in June 2008. The congregation joined that of First Church for the duration of the three-month project. The building was reopened after renovations were completed in September 2008. While the primary reason for closing the church was to install the sprinkler system there was also a need to restore some of the windows. Faces, feet and other details had faded over time and work was necessary to make these visible again.

</doc>
<doc id="19108576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108576" title="Au Pair Girls">
Au Pair Girls

Au Pair Girls is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Val Guest. 
The film is part of the British 1970s soft core sex comedy film. It also had cameo appearances by mainstream actors such as John Le Mesurier and Richard O'Sullivan.
A proposed sequel – "Glamour Incorporated" – also to have been directed by Guest for Tigon British Film Productions did not go into production.
Plot.
Four young women are hired on as au pairs in England. Despite the popular belief that the British are extremely proper and traditional the women soon discover this is not so as each is seduced by the Britons...

</doc>
<doc id="19108580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108580" title="Windermeria">
Windermeria

Windermeria aitkeni is a Precambrian organism from the Blueflower Formation of Sekwi Brook North, in the Northwest Territories of Canada. Only one specimen has been found. "Windermeria" is a small (16.4 × 7.9 mm) segmented elongated oval fossil, eight nearly equal-sized segments arranged transverse to medial furrow in opposite arrangement. "Windermeria" superficially resembles a diminutive "Dickinsonia" and as such is the only possible dickinsoniid known exclusively from outside of Australia and East Europe.
See also.
List of Ediacaran genera

</doc>
<doc id="19108586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108586" title="John Roxburgh (politician)">
John Roxburgh (politician)

John Maxwell (Jack) Roxburgh (14 February 1901 – 27 February 1975) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Phoenix, Arizona, United States and became a farmer and fruit grower by career.
He was first elected at the Norfolk riding in the 1962 general election then was re-elected there in 1963 and 1965. For the 1968 election, his son, John Roxburgh campaigned at Norfolk—Haldimand after riding boundary changes and was defeated by William Knowles of the Progressive Conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="19108594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108594" title="Hide and Seek (1972 film)">
Hide and Seek (1972 film)

Hide and Seek is a 1972 British drama film directed by David Eady starring Peter Newby, Gary Kemp, Robin Askwith, Liz Fraser and David Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="19108597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108597" title="Main Street Historic District (Medina, New York)">
Main Street Historic District (Medina, New York)

The Main Street Historic District in Medina, New York, United States, is the downtown commercial core of the village. It is a area stretching south along Main Street from the Erie Canal to the railroad tracks.
Its buildings, all but three of which contribute to its historic character, reflect the development of Medina from the early days of the canal, where a bend in the route made it a natural harbor, in the 1830s to the 1920s. They are brick or stone buildings in a variety of architectural styles from the 19th century, primarily Italianate. Many of them have been renovated after a period of decline in the mid-20th century. In 1995 it was designated a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Two years later, a rail freight depot at the south end was added when further research established that it was historically related to other buildings in the district.
Geography.
The district is an irregularly shaped area whose axis is Main Street for a block and a half north and south of East and West Center Street (NY 31 and 31E/63 respectively. South of the Main-Center intersection, Main Street is also itself part of routes 31 and 63). Its boundaries are defined by lot lines and streets. The terrain is level with a slight descent to the canal and creek at the northeast.
At the north, the district includes the properties on the east side of Main north of Pearl Street that back on the canal just north of the bend it takes after crossing the Oak Orchard River to the immediate east. Its boundary continues along the rear property line of the east side of Main, excluding the parking lot at the canal basin, then expanding westward at East Center to include some properties on both sides of the street east of Manilla Place, stopping just short of St. John's Episcopal Church, the "Church in the Middle of the Street" and one of Medina's oldest public buildings. It then returns to the rear lines of the east side of Main, following the CSX railroad tracks back to the street.
On the west side of Main it includes all the properties down to North Avenue. The district takes in the large railroad complex, excluding the hardware store on the corner with West Avenue, which it follows north to just past the tracks. The 1997 boundary increase added the Medina Railroad Museum across the street, extending the southwest corner of the district to Gwinn Street. After that the boundary crosses the street again and takes in the old train station building, then turns north at the back of City Hall to follow rear property lines on the east side of Main, including the buildings with frontage on the east side of Proctor Place. One lot south of Pearl Street, it turns east to exclude a house and vacant lot along that back to Main, which it then follows back up to the north end of the district.
This tightly drawn boundary encloses an area of . Of the 52 buildings within it, only three are too modern to be considered contributing properties. There are no houses; most are multistory commercial buildings with a few having apartments above street level. The railroad-related properties, First Presbyterian Church and City Hall and its fire station are the few exceptions. It excludes Medina's Register-listed post office and St. John's, found eligible.
History.
The settlement of what became Medina began with the announcement of the canal's construction in 1817. Within a few years some houses had sprung up for canal workers near the bend, and by 1825 the area in the northeastern portion of the district known as the docks, had been well developed, with a general store. At the time what is now Main Street was known as Shelby Street. None of those buildings are extant, mostly wood frame structures, are extant, having been demolished to make way for the current buildings. The foundation of the former Arcade at 343–347 Main Street is the only remnant of the village's early years still extant.
In 1823 the Holland Land Company, the original European owners of much of Western New York, sent Ebenezer Mix to survey and lay out a village at the Ridgeway-Shelby town line. He completed this by 1826. This, combined with the settlement around the docks, became Medina. At that time, it was a way station along the canal for barges and an overnighting point for passengers. Many of its early buildings were hotels.
Medina grew quickly. In addition to the canal it had good waterpower on Oak Orchard Creek (two mill races, one of which is reportedly still intact underground, ran along today's Main Street) and fertile land surrounding it. The settlement incorporated as a village in 1832, just seven years after its establishment. The 1840 census recorded 700 inhabitants. By the middle of the century the southwest portion of the village was being developed as a residential area.
In 1855 the village's oldest extant hotel, the Paddock at 500–506 Main Street, was built. Around that time the Rochester, Lockport and Niagara Falls Railroad, the "Falls Road", was built through the village, at the southern end of the district. It took some, but not all, of the canal's traffic. By providing easier access to raw materials and markets for finished goods the railroad, which eventually became part of the New York Central Railroad, spurred industrial development along Main Street. The former main station, at 615 Main Street, built early in the 20th century, is one of the district buildings using locally quarried Medina sandstone, enjoying its peak usage as a building material at the time. At the same time the Rochester, Lockport and Buffalo Railroad offered electric trolley service that passed through Medina on tracks running along East Center, up Main and then to Commercial Street and east along a private right-of-way to Salt Works Road and then to West Center.
A series of fires in the 1860s and 1870s led to the construction of most of the district's extant buildings between 1870 and 1900. As a result they are visually cohesive and uniformly scaled. The most architecturally distinguished building in the district, Bent's Opera House at the northwest corner of Main and Center, is an early product of this period.
The village had a diverse group of industries and retailers in the first decades of the 20th century. The fruit orchards in the farms around the village created a need for cold storage facilities near the railroad tracks. Three buildings, the warehouse at 630 Main Street that is now a carpet store, the 613-615 Main Street building and the railway museum building on West Street, reflect the importance of fruit growing at that time. So prosperous was Medina during this period that residents named the new municipal building in 1908 City Hall, out of the expectation that the village, now with a population of 5,000, would eventually become one.
Most of those industries declined and eventually closed down over the next few decades. The canal, by then carrying a small fraction of its former traffic, was widened and incorporated into the New York State Barge Canal system in the late 1910s. It continued to decline. The railroads were affected as well. In 1931 the trolley service was discontinued; the tracks themselves remained for another 30 years. After World War II the market for Medina sandstone dwindled as well. Freight and passenger traffic across the state began using the New York State Thruway, 10 miles (16 km) to the south, and eventually the Central discontinued passenger service along the route before going bankrupt itself.
The buildings of downtown Medina have remained. Many were restored and renovated with state and federal grant programs. The village has continued to benefit from the canal, which is now mainly a recreational resource but still carries some freight.
Significant contributing properties.
The district's boundaries contain 54 buildings, one structure (the railroad tracks) and one site (Rotary Park, at the southeast corner of Main and Center). The park and three nearby buildings, as well as one near the train station, are the only non-contributing properties in the district. Among the others, some are notable within the context of the district. None have been listed individually on the National Register.
Preservation.
Medina has made the district part of a historic overlay district in its zoning code. The village's district includes some areas outside of the Register-listed one, such as an extension north to Eagle Street and more of East Center Street along the canal basin. It is meant to protect the district's historic character within the context of Medina's commercial zoning.
In 2009 the Genesee/Finger Lakes Regional Planning Commission, with the cooperation of the village and representatives of its downtown business community, drafted a revitalization plan for the district. Business and consumers were surveyed to get data as to what they thought downtown's issues were. Consumers were also asked where they came from and how they used downtown. 
Businesses, many of which were independent and owned the space they operated from, represented a diverse group of activities, primarily retail goods and services. They employed about 222 people. Most indicated that what they would be most interested in to improve downtown was grant or loan programs to assist with business improvements. Half of them thought parking was an issue for their customers.
The customers surveyed were primarily older women. Most were residents of the area who drove downtown to shop (usually at the grocery or drugstore) and attend to personal care needs. They came to downtown a few times a month and were most likely otherwise to go to a big box retailer, shops in nearby towns like Albion or Middleport or malls in the Buffalo area to the southwest. They liked the small-town feel of downtown, but felt it could use more parking and more attention to the appearance of vacant buildings.
The plan recommended that the village add a section to its comprehensive plan dealing with downtown. Specific measures that were suggested to address the issues were several measures to instill pride in the historic downtown, such as the redistribution of sections of the Register application to promote awareness of the district's historic qualities, a window display program in vacant storefronts, making property owners aware of the tax credits available to them for renovating income-producing property, and the creation of a Business Improvement District. A separate parking overlay was suggested, based on recalculated demand, to address that issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19108612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108612" title="List of name changes in Yangon">
List of name changes in Yangon

This is a list of name changes of Yangon's major thoroughfares following Burma's independence in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19108615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108615" title="Headline Hunters (film)">
Headline Hunters (film)

Headline Hunters is a 1968 British drama film starring Leonard Brockwell, Susan Payne, Bill Owen, David Lodge and Frank Williams.
Plot.
A bunch of kids help run the local newspaper after their father becomes ill. In the process they foil a robbery at a local factory.

</doc>
<doc id="19108617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108617" title="HMS Firedrake">
HMS Firedrake

Six ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Firedrake" after the legendary creature:

</doc>
<doc id="19108625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108625" title="History of Goan Catholics">
History of Goan Catholics

History of Goan Catholics recounts the history of the Goan Catholic community of the Indian state of Goa from their conversion to Christianity to date.
Pre-Portuguese era.
No concrete evidence has been found that Christianity prevailed in Goa before the Portuguese arrived, but it is believed that St. Bartholomew, one of the twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ, brought and spread the Gospel in Konkan including Goa, just as St. Thomas had done in Kerala and Tamil Nadu, in Southern India.
Portuguese era.
In the 15th century, the Portuguese explored the sea route to India and Pope Nicholas V enacted the Papal bull Romanus Pontifex. This bull granted the patronage of the propagation of the Christian faith in Asia to the Portuguese (see "Padroado") and rewarded them with a trade monopoly for newly discovered areas. After Vasco da Gama arrived at Calicut on the coast of Kerala in India in 1498, the trade became prosperous. In 1510, the Portuguese wrested Goa from the Sultan of Bijapur and finally established themselves in Goa. By 1544, they conquered the districts of Bardez and Salcette in Goa. The Portuguese however were not interested in proselytization. After four decades, the Catholic Church threatened to open Asia for all Catholics. In 1534, the Archdiocese of Goa was established. Soon missionaries of the newly founded Society of Jesus were sent to Goa, which lead to conversion of many locals to Christianity. They offered rice donations for the poor, good positions in the Portuguese colonies for the middle class and military support for local rulers. In 1542, Francis Xavier, co-founder of the Society of Jesus, arrived in Goa. He observed that the newly converted Christians were practicing their old customs and traditions.
Many of the newly converted Goan Catholic ancestors of the present Mangalorean Catholic community fled Goa because of the Goa Inquisition introduced by the Portuguese in 1560. King Sebastian of Portugal decreed that every trace of Indian customs be eradicated through the Inquisition. But many Christians of Goa were attached to some of their ancient Indian customs and refused to abandon them. Those who refused to comply with the rules laid down by the Inquisition were forced to leave Goa and to settle outside the Portuguese dominion. About 7,000 of them (mostly Saraswat Brahmins) fled Goa. Most migrated to South Canara in what is called the "First Wave of Migration".
According to Francis Buchanan, a Scottish physician, when he visited Canara in 1801. In his book, "A Journey from Madras through the Countries of Mysore, Canara and Malabar" (1807), he stated that "80,000  Goan Christians came and settled in South Canara at the invitation of the King of Bednore." Later, this was identified as a probable mistake and should have read "8,000". However even this figure included the second emigration of Christians from Goa.
The Sultan of Bijapur attacked Goa in 1571 and ended Portuguese influence in the region. The Bijapur sultans were especially known for their loathing of Christianity. Fearing persecution, many Catholics from Goa migrated to South Canara. This migration is referred as the "Second Wave of Migration". The attacks of the Maratha Empire on Goa, during the mid 16th century, was also a cause of migration. In 1664, Shivaji, the founder of the Maratha empire, attacked Kudal, a town north of Goa, and began his campaign for Goa. After Shivaji's death on 3 April 1680, his son Sambhaji ascended to the throne. The onslaught of Sambahji, along the northern territories of Goa drove nearly all the Christians from their homelands, and most of them migrated to South Canara. This migration is referred as the "Third Wave of Migration". From the Bardez district of Goa, Jesuit priests estimated that 12,000 Christians migrated to the South of Goa between 1710–1712. A Goa Government report of 1747 recorded that around 5,000 Christians fled to South Canara from the Bardez and Tiswadi districts of Goa during the invasion of the Marathas. It was estimated that during the Maratha raids on Goa, about 60,000 Christians migrated to South Canara. During the later years, the migration slowed because of the Maratha-Mughal wars, which kept Sambhaji busy, and some 10,000 Christians returned to Goa.
Modern era.
In 1787, inspired by the French Revolution, several Goan Catholic priests, unhappy with the process of promotion within the Church and other discriminatory practices of the Portuguese, organized the Pinto Revolt against the Portuguese. Though it was an unsuccessful revolt, it was the first open revolt against the Portuguese from within Goa. Britain gained control of Goa twice, the first time in 1797–1798 and the second time from 1802–1813. In 1843, the capital was moved to Panjim and by the mid 18th century the area under occupation by the Portuguese expanded to Goa’s present day limits. By this time the Portuguese Empire started declining and further resistance to their occupation in Goa started gaining momentum. After the rest of India gained independence in 1947 Portugal refused to relinquish of Goa. On 18 December 1961, India moved in with troops and after hostilities that lasted 36 hours, forced the Portuguese administration to surrender. On 30 May 1987, Goa was elevated as India’s 25th state.
During the 1970s, coastal communication increased between Bombay and Goa, after introduction of ships by the London based trade firm Shepherd. These ships facilitated the entry of Goan Catholics to Bombay.

</doc>
<doc id="19108631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108631" title="Tony De Thomasis">
Tony De Thomasis

Antonio "Anthony" De Thomasis is a Canadian soccer owner, manager, coach and retired player. Tony De Thomasis is the owner and founder of the Vaughan Shooters, now known as the York Region Shooters, and is their present General Manager. The club, founded in 1998, plays in the Canadian Soccer League. In 2005, De Thomasis won the CPSL President's Award, and in 2006, he won the CSL Coach of the Year Award, as well as leading the club to its first Rogers Cup championship title.

</doc>
<doc id="19108656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108656" title="Crooks and Coronets">
Crooks and Coronets

Crooks and Coronets is a 1969 British crime comedy film and/or heist movie written and directed by Jim O'Connolly. It starred Telly Savalas, Edith Evans, Warren Oates, Cesar Romero and Harry H. Corbett. The film was renamed as "Sophie's Place" for the US market.
Story.
Two recently released ex-convicts Herbie Haseler and Marty Miller, go to work for New York mob boss Nick Marco who sends them to England for a big robbery of a large English mansion. The mansion is owned by an eccentric but kind elderly woman Lady Sophie Fitzmore who plans to pass the mansion and its priceless treasures on to her loyal nephew Freddie Fritzmore. Sophie owns a full grown male lion named 'Bo-Bo' who is somewhat domesticated and harmless but nevertheless guards a portion of the estate. When Herbie and Marty get to England they go on a tour of Lady Sophie's mansion and ingratiate themselves with the old lady who invites them to live in the mansion with her under the guise of their having to do research. Herbie and Marty also meet up with Frank Finley, the London mob contact for Nick Marco. Herbie, Marty and Finley plan the robbery and escape and set up general arrangements for when Nick Marco arrives for the main heist. Over time however Herbie and Marty grow fond of Lady Sophie, her nephew Freddie and their assortment of servants and at the last minute decide they cannot go through with the robbery. Their sentiments, especially their fondness for Sophie, lead the men to foil Nick and Frank's effort to commit the robbery.

</doc>
<doc id="19108658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108658" title="Reg Skrimshire">
Reg Skrimshire

Reginald "Reg" Truscott Skrimshire (30 January 1878 - 20 September 1963) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby for Kent. He won three caps for Wales and was the only Welsh representative on the 1903 British Isles tour.
Career.
Skrimshire was born in Crickhowell in 1878, and educated at Monmouth School.
He became a civil engineer who worked mainly in Ceylon, Southern Africa and India. Employed by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office he built railways and bridges in the former British Empire, his most notable work being the railway from Johannesburg to the Victoria Falls, including the famous bridge over the falls. He died at Swan Dean Hospital in High Salvington, England in 1963.
Rugby career.
After playing his early rugby with Blaenavon he moved to first class side Newport. He made his Newport debut against English side Moseley in 1897, and in his first season scored 16 tries in 24 matches, a good return for a centre. Skrimshire was regarded as a fast and agile runner who had a cool head and good positional ability, though he was noted as being greedy with the ball and needed to release more to his wing players.
Skrimshire was first selected for Wales against England on the 9 January 1899 at St Helens in front of a Welsh record crowd of 20,000. Wales ran out comfortable winners and Skrimshire was back in the team for the Scotland game two months later. Although Wales lost the match against Scotland, he retained his place for the final game of the 1899 tournament against Ireland. Ireland won the a much disrupted game, caused by crowd trouble, and took the Triple Crown. It would be Skrimshire's last match for Wales.
In 1903 Skrimshire was selected for Mark Morrison's British Isles team to South Africa. Skrimshire was the only Welsh representative but integrated well and played in all but one of the 22 matches including all three tests against the South African team. Skrimshire was the only threequarter to have improved his reputation during the tour and scored an excellent try in the first test at Johannesburg. He finished the tour as the team's highest scorer and would later move to South Africa and played for Western Province.
International matches played.
Wales
British Isles

</doc>
<doc id="19108662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108662" title="Zakaria Asidah">
Zakaria Asidah

Zakaria Asidah (born June 22, 1972 in Frederiksberg, Hovedstaden, Denmark) is a Danish Taekwondo athlete. Asidah won the silver medal in heavyweight (over 84 kg) at the 2003 World Taekwondo Championships in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany. He is also a three-time World Cup heavyweight medalist (1 silver, 2 bronze), and participated in the 2004 Athens Olympics.
He currently trains at Hwarang Taekwondo Klub in Rødovre and Tan Gun Sae Sim Københavns Taekwondo Klub

</doc>
<doc id="19108665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108665" title="Ricky Anane">
Ricky Anane

Richard Amookohome Anane (born 18 February 1989) is an English footballer, who plays as a defender for Stockport Sports
Career.
Anane made his début for Bury away to Rochdale, in the 3–1 win in the Football League Trophy on 9 October 2007. He was loaned out to Fleetwood Town in April 2009.
He spent two years playing for Woking before moving on to play for Droylsden.
In 2012, he played for Woodley Sports before signing a full-time contract with the club after it changed its name to Stockport Sports for the 2012–13 season.
In June 2013, Ricky Anane was awarded the North West Counties 'Player of the Year' for 2012/13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19108674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108674" title="Bishop Auckland Town Hall">
Bishop Auckland Town Hall

Bishop Auckland Town Hall is a Grade II* listed building located in the town of Bishop Auckland, Co Durham, England. 
The building was completed in 1862 and is a "Gothic style" Victorian Building overlooking the town's market place. The town hall was designed by John Philpott Jones for Bishop Auckland Town Hall and Market Company Ltd. The money to build it was raised privately by the issue of shares in the company. It was then bought by the local board of health in 1888, which went on to become Bishop Auckland Urban District council in 1894. 
It was abandoned and then condemned for demolition in the 1980s; however, after a local campaign to save the building, it was fully restored in the early 1990s. 
The building now houses Bishop Auckland's main public library, a theatre, an art gallery, tourist information centre and a café-bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19108695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108695" title="HMS Lurcher">
HMS Lurcher

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Lurcher"
In addition to these vessels, His Majesty's 12-gun hired armed cutter "Lurcher" served the Royal Navy from 1795 until a French privateer captured her in 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="19108736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108736" title="Arch of Reunification">
Arch of Reunification

The Arch of Reunification (official name: Monument to the Three-Point Charter for National Reunification) is a sculptural arch located in Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea. It was constructed in 2001 to commemorate Korean reunification proposals put forward by Kim Il-sung.
The concrete arch straddles the multi-laned Reunification Highway leading from Pyongyang to the DMZ. It consists of two Korean women in traditional dress ("chosŏn-ot"), symbolizing the North and South, leaning forward to jointly uphold a sphere bearing a map of a reunified Korea. The original plan was to have a 55-meter pillar with three branches to represent Koreans in the north, the south, and overseas.
The plinth of the structure is engraved with messages of support for re-unification and peace from various individuals, organizations and nations.
The arch appeared on a postage stamp in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19108745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108745" title="Jack Irvine">
Jack Irvine

John Alfred (Jack) Irvine (26 January 1912 – 20 July 1996) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a merchant by career.
Irvine was born at Wolfe Island, Ontario. He entered municipal politics in 1959, becoming an alderman for the London, Ontario city government.
Irvine left local politics and was elected to the House of Commons at the London riding in the 1963 general election, then re-elected there in the 1965. After electoral district boundary changes in the late 1960s, Irvine campaigned at London West for the 1968 federal election but lost to Judd Buchanan of the Liberal party.
Irvine died at a nursing home in Simcoe, Ontario in July 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19108818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108818" title="William Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
William Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

William Louis of Anhalt-Köthen (Köthen, 3 August 1638 – Köthen, 13 April 1665), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the second son of Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, but second-born son of his second wife Sophie, daughter of Simon VI, Count of Lippe.
Life.
William Louis was only twelve years of age when he succeeded his father in Köthen in 1650. During his minority, his uncle Augustus of Anhalt-Plötzkau acted as regent; after his death in 1653, Augustus' sons Lebrecht and Emmanuel took over the regency until William was formally proclaimed of age in 1659.
In Köthen on 25 August 1663 William Louis married Elisabeth Charlotte (b. Harzgerode, 11 February 1647 - d. Osterholm, 20 January 1723), daughter of his cousin Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode, and granddaughter of Christian I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg. The union was childless.
On his death without issue, the line of Anhalt-Köthen became extinct. His principality was inherited by his cousins and former regents, Lebrecht and Emmanuel of Anhalt-Plötzkau, who took the name of Anhalt-Köthen as the principal title of their family. Their former principality of Plötzkau was given to Victor Amadeus of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg, from which it was originally extracted.

</doc>
<doc id="19108829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108829" title="Melanie Fain">
Melanie Fain

Melanie Ann (Huckaby) Fain, (born October 14, 1958) is a printmaker specializing in wildlife art. The Texas artist is best known for her etchings and watercolors featuring birds, botanicals, insects, and sporting themes.
Melanie Fain's professional art career began in 1982 when she studied Intaglio printmaking and began creating etchings. Fain cites Thomas Aquinas Daly and Thomas Quinn as important influences in the development of her distinctive style. 
Melanie Fain's etchings and watercolors have been included in numerous exhibitions, museums and gallery shows: "Birds in Art," in Wausau, Wisconsin; "Blossom- The Art of Flowers"; "Art of the Animal Kingdom" in Bennington, Vermont; "American Art in Miniature" in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and The Society of Animal Artists. 
Melanie's work has been featured in periodicals including: "Southwest Art Magazine", "Wildlife Art Magazine", "The Hunting Retriever Magazine", and Gray's Sporting Journal. Melanie's art has been published in two books: " Icons of Loss and Grace", written by Susan Hanson, and," Is This Forever or What: Poems and Paintings of Texas", by Naomi Shihab Nye.
Melanie Fain's etchings and watercolors are included in private and public collections including: Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum, Southwest Airlines, COX Communications, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, Wells Fargo Bank, and the King Ranch in Kingsville, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19108839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108839" title="Kanako Hirai">
Kanako Hirai

Kanako Hirai (平井香菜子 "Hirai Kanako", born April 15, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19108841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108841" title="Adolphe de Leuven">
Adolphe de Leuven

Adolphe de Leuven (1800 – 14 April 1884) was a French theatre director and a librettist. Also known as Grenvallet, and Count Adolph Ribbing. He was the son of Adolph Ribbing, who was involved in the assassination of Gustav III of Sweden in 1792.
He produced over 170 plays and librettos, with operatic settings by Adam including "Le postillon de Lonjumeau", Clapisson and Thomas.
He was associated with the Opéra-Comique for fifty years and was co-director (with Camille du Locle) from 1862-1874. He resigned in protest at the on-stage murder in "Carmen".

</doc>
<doc id="19108848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108848" title="Slow Food Nation">
Slow Food Nation

Slow Food Nation was an event organized by Slow Food USA, which celebrates slow and sustainable foods. One of the largest food events in U.S. history, Slow Food Nation attracted an estimated audience of more than 50,000 people. Held over the Labor Day weekend from August 29, 2008 to September 1, the majority of the event took place in either San Francisco, California's Civic Center or Fort Mason Center. Slow Food Nation's founder is influential chef and author Alice Waters. In addition to a specially-created "victory garden" in front of San Francisco City Hall, a marketplace, tastings, photo exhibits [http://gayeton.com/gayeton_photowork.html], and other events, Slow Food Nation featured panels led by food luminaries such as Michael Pollan and Eric Schlosser, as well as the founder of Slow Food: Carlo Petrini.

</doc>
<doc id="19108852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108852" title="Max Eberl">
Max Eberl

Max Eberl (born 21 September 1973 in Bogen) is a German former footballer who currently works as Borussia Mönchengladbach's director of sport.
Career.
Eberl's career as a professional footballer began in 1991 as a defender with Bayern Munich. A highly rated youngster, Eberl represented Germany at the 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship in Australia. During the tournament he started the group games against Ghana and Portugal.
After making only one Bundesliga appearance in two years at Munich, Eberl dropped down a division to the 2. Bundesliga to play for VfL Bochum. Eberl spent four seasons at Bochum, split evenly between the top two divisions, before moving to Greuther Fürth. He spent only 18 months playing for Greuther Fürth before moving to Borussia Mönchengladbach halfway through the 1998–99 season. Eberl saw out the rest of his career with Mönchengladbach, retiring in 2005. In a career lasting over 200 games in the first and second Bundesliga, Eberl did not score a single goal.
Coaching career.
Eberl was appointed as the head of Borussia Mönchengladbach's youth and amateur football programmes shortly after his retirement in 2005. In 2008, he took up the job as Borussia's director of sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19108855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108855" title="Androstephium breviflorum">
Androstephium breviflorum

Androstephium breviflorum is a species of flowering plant known by the common name pink funnel lily. It is native to the southwestern United States from Wyoming to the deserts of eastern California. This is a perennial herb growing from a spherical corm. Its inflorescence is a peduncle up to 30 centimeters tall containing up to 12 white to light lavender funnel-shaped flowers each one or two centimeters long. The fruit is a 3-lobed capsule just over a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="19108867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108867" title="If You Could Only Cook">
If You Could Only Cook

If You Could Only Cook is a 1935 screwball comedy of mistaken identity starring Herbert Marshall as a frustrated automobile executive and Jean Arthur as a young woman who talks him into posing as her husband so they can land jobs as a butler and a cook.
Plot.
Jim Buchanan (Marshall), wealthy president of Buchanan Motor Company, is engaged to Evelyn Fletcher (Inescort), a henpecking aristocrat who is interested in Jim for his money. When Jim's fellow executives reject his plan to introduce a new automobile design, he decides to take a vacation. 
Declaring himself "sick and tired of everything", Jim goes for a walk in the park, where he meets a young woman named Joan Hawthorne (Arthur). Joan 
is having trouble finding a job, and she was just evicted from her apartment. Assuming he is also a job hunter, she asks Jim to pose as her husband so they can apply for a combined job opening for a butler and a cook. Without revealing his true identity, he agrees. 
The faux couple, calling themselves "Mr. and Mrs. Burns", are soon hired by Michael Rossini (Carrillo). She is a good cook; he improves his butling skills by sneaking out at night and taking lessons from his own butler. He also sneaks into his office and takes some of his automobile sketches to show to Joan. Impressed by his designs, on their day off she shows them to an executive with one of Buchanan's competitors, but he recognizes Buchanan's style, leading to her arrest for theft. Having fallen in love with Jim, she refuses to help the police find him. 
Meanwhile, Jim has decided to tell Joan who he is. When she misses a lunch date while in jail, he writes her a letter, abandons his butler position, and returns to Evelyn and his life as a businessman. 
Rossini, who has just organized a bootlegging gang, learns of Jim's trip to the office from his assistant Flash (Stander), who is suspicious of Jim and has been tailing him. Wanting Joan for himself, he has her bailed out and tells her the truth about Jim.
She reacts by raging against Jim, so Rossini promptly orders his henchmen to kill Jim at his wedding. To ingratiate himself with Joan, he tells her about this, but she declares that she loves Jim after all and begs Rossini to spare his life.
Rossini arrives at the wedding just in time to stop the murder. He and his men now return home with Jim at gunpoint, and fetch a justice of the peace to marry Jim and Joan. Joan refuses and locks herself in her room, but Jim embraces the plan. Since Rossini's men were seen kidnapping him, he blackmails the gang into persuading her to change her mind. Outside Joan's room, Rossini pretends to argue with Jim, Flash fires his gun in the air, and Jim collapses onto the floor, pretending to be hit. The deception works: Joan opens the door and rushes to his side.
Lawsuit.
In England, Columbia promoted the film as a Frank Capra production. Capra, the top director at the studio--who had been feuding with studio head Harry Cohn over financial and artistic issues--sued Columbia for unlawful use of his name. The parties settled, with Capra returning to the studio while getting $100,000 (the number based on a separate dispute over salary) and having one film waived from a contractual five-film obligation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19108900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108900" title="William Howell Arthur Thomas">
William Howell Arthur Thomas

William Howell Arthur Thomas (27 February 1895 - 1979) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Caradoc Township, Ontario and became an educator and farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Middlesex West riding in the 1957 general election then re-elected there in 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965. After completing his final term, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Thomas left federal politics and did not seek re-election in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19108905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108905" title="KVHC-LP">
KVHC-LP

KVHC-LP is a low-power television station in Kerrville, Texas, broadcasting locally in analog on UHF channel 15 as an affiliate of RTV. Founded March 1, 1995, by Mary R. Silver, the station is now owned by Doyle Weaver. KVHC-TV produces local programming in addition to their affiliate programming

</doc>
<doc id="19108921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108921" title="Gedrite">
Gedrite

Gedrite is a silicate mineral of the amphibole group with formula: (Mg;Fe2+)2[(Mg;Fe2+)3Al2](Si6Al2)O22(OH)2. 
Gedrite occurs in contact and medium to high grade metamorphic rocks in association with garnet, cordierite, anthophyllite, cummingtonite, sapphirine, sillimanite, kyanite, quartz, staurolite and biotite.
Gedrite was first described for an occurrence in Gedres, France in 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="19108923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108923" title="Ilona Sojda">
Ilona Sojda

Ilona Sojda (born 26 May 1987, Kielce), Polish singer whose work has its origin in sung poetry, an imprecise, unspecific music genre that merges lyrical ballads with written poetry.
Awards.
Winner of the 41st Student Song Festival in Krakow, an influential cultural event that first took place in 1962, known than as the National Student Song Contest. She also won musical contests in Rybnik, Radom, and Elbląg and was one of the finalists of the Review of Stage Songs, being the 27th edition of Poland's oldest actors' song interpretation contest, which is set in Wroclaw.
Kaddish for Rose.
Since 2005, she cooperates with Marek Tercz, poet and composer from Kielce, who created music and lyrics for their recital 'Kaddish for Rose'. It was introduced for the first time to a wider audience during the 42nd Student Song Festival in 2006, however the official premiere took place a year later at Krakow's Tempel Synagogue in 2007.
This project is meant to be released as a concept album that is inspired by the story of Rose, a Jewish eighteen year-old girl killed in the Auschwitz concentration camp during the Second World War.
The music is greatly influenced by Jewish traditional music, although it is accompanied by both acoustic and less conventional electronic instruments, such as electronic drums and synthesizers.
Personal life.
Currently she studies applied psychology at the Jagiellonian University.

</doc>
<doc id="19108924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108924" title="2009 San Jose Stealth season">
2009 San Jose Stealth season

The San Jose Stealth are a lacrosse team based in San Jose, California. The team plays in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season will be the 10th in franchise history and 6th as the Stealth (previously the Albany Attack).
On March 19, offensive coordinator Chris Hall was named head coach, while former head coach Jeff Dowling took over Hall's post as offensive coordinator. Dowling resigned a week later.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25954&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Stealth selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19108930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108930" title="Esclava De Tu Piel">
Esclava De Tu Piel

Esclava De Tu Piel is the eighth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on Sony International in 1996. The album whose title translates as "Slave to Your Skin" includes the duo's biggest hit single to date, "Solo Se Vive Una Vez" ("You Only Live Once").
"Esclava De Tu Piel" was entirely recorded in the United States and was produced by one of Gloria Estefan and Emilio Estefan Jr.'s longtime collaborators, arranger and producer Ricardo "Eddy" Martinez (a.k.a. Edito). Martinez has worked with some of the biggest names in the world of Latin music besides Estefan and Miami Sound Machine, such as Chayanne, Luis Miguel, Javier Garcia, Malú, Paloma San Basilio, Arturo Sandoval, Ilan Chester, Latin Majik, Francesca Cezan and many others. After two albums in the mainstream Latin pop genre, "Ojos Negros" (1992) and "El Amor" (1994), which had become their breakthrough on the South American and U.S. markets respectively, but which only had been moderate commercial successes compared to "Bandido" (1990) and "Mambo" (1991) in their native Spain, Martinez' production of "Esclava De Tu Piel" was a return to a more up-to-date, dancefloor oriented and altogether rougher soundscape, the prime example being the title track "Esclava De Tu Piel" which combined heavy dance beats with distorted guitars and toasting by American Salsa singer Roberto Blades. 
The lead single released from the album was the reggaeton and dancehall influenced "Solo Se Vive Una Vez", written by Spanish singer Miguel Gallardo and Luis Cabañas, promoted by a slightly controversial genderswapping music video showing the Salazar sisters both as themselves and in other scenes in typical male attire such as pin-striped suits with slicked back hair and smoking cigars - and in turn one of their male dancers both as himself and as a drag queen. The song was released in a wide variety of dance remixes, issued on two separate singles entitled "The Mediterranean Remixes" and "The Caribbean Remixes". "Solo Se Vive Una Vez" became a major hit in the summer of 1996, topping the charts both in Spain and several countries in South and Central America, and has since served as one of Azúcar Moreno's signature tunes. In the 2000s the track was included on the first Spanish language editions of karaoke video game SingStar. 
The follow-up proved to be another of Azúcar Moreno's highest charting singles; "Hoy Tengo Ganas De Ti" (translated: "Today I Desire You"), originally one of Miguel Gallardo's biggest hits and first recorded in 1975, but then as a dramatic ballad. The duo's version was again notably different from the original, turning it into a modern dance anthem with rough guitars. The promo video was shot in New York and shows the sisters performing the song in the streets of the city as well as on top of skyscrapers. The following single release was the title track "Esclava De Tu Piel", which turned into their third big hit single in a row, and the track was also issued in remixed form on a release entitled "The Slave Mixes". "Esclava De Tu Piel" was also Azúcar Moreno's first album to incorporate influences from the Middle East; the fourth single was a radically reworked flamenco/rock/dance cover of the traditional "Hava Nagila", sung entirely in Hebrew with a men's choir. Just like the preceding singles the track was available in a large number of dance remixes, issued on the "Hava Naguila - The Middle Eastern Remixes" release. The chart success of the album and its singles even resulted in a fifth single being released in Spain, Pedro Rilo's flamenco flavoured "Bandolero".
As a contrast to the album's dance tracks it also featured a few R&B flavoured ballads, such as "Enreda", composed by acclaimed British hitmaker Albert Hammond and originally recorded in both Spanish and English, then as "Tangled Up In Tears", by Hammond himself in 1976, and later also covered by Leo Sayer. Further mid-tempo tracks include "Tapame", written by Sevillan singer-songwriter Luis del Estad, a cover of Willie Gonzalez' romantic salsa "Ámame Toda La Noche", Alejandro Jaen's "La Cita" and the album closes with Cordoban flamenco singer Manuel Ruiz Queco's "Tiritatando".
"Esclava De Tu Piel" remains the bestselling album of Azúcar Moreno's career to date, having sold some five hundred thousand copies in Spain alone and thus certified five times platinum. In the United States the album reached #43 on "Billboard"'s Top Latin Albums chart. The duo's first greatest hits album, "Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos", followed in 1997 and then included "Solo Se Vive Una Vez", "Hoy Tengo Ganas De Ti" and "Esclava De Tu Piel". The "Esclava De Tu Piel" album itself was re-released with slightly revised cover art by Sony Music in 1998 under the title "Latin Stars".

</doc>
<doc id="19108933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108933" title="Electromagnetic interference at 2.4 GHz">
Electromagnetic interference at 2.4 GHz

Electromagnetic interference at 2.4 GHz can affect various devices.
This article details the different users of the 2.4 GHz band, how they cause interference to other users and how they are prone to interference from other users. 
Phone.
Many cordless telephones and baby monitors in the United States and Canada use the 2.4 GHz frequency, the same frequency at which Wi-Fi standards 802.11b, 802.11g and 802.11n operate. This can cause a significant decrease in speed, or sometimes the total blocking of the Wi-Fi signal when a conversation on the phone takes place. There are several ways to avoid this though, some simple, and some more complicated.
The last will sometimes not be successful, as numerous cordless phones use a feature called Digital Spread Spectrum. This technology was designed to ward off eavesdroppers, but the phone will change channels at random, leaving no Wi-Fi channel safe from phone interference.
Bluetooth.
Bluetooth devices intended for use in short-range personal area networks operate from 2.4 to 2.4835 GHz. To reduce interference with other protocols that use the 2.45 GHz band, the Bluetooth protocol divides the band into 79 channels (each 1 MHz wide) and changes channels up to 1600 times per second. Newer Bluetooth versions also feature "Adaptive Frequency Hopping" which attempts to detect existing signals in the ISM band, such as Wi-Fi channels, and avoid them by negotiating a channel map between the communicating Bluetooth devices.
Car alarm.
Certain car manufacturers use the 2.4 GHz frequency for their car alarm internal movement sensors. These devices transmit on 2.45 GHz (between channels 8 and 9) at a strength of 500 mW. Because of channel overlap, this will cause problems for channels 6 and 11, which are commonly used default channels for Wi-Fi connections. Because the signal is transmitted as a continuous tone, it causes particular problems for Wi-Fi traffic. This can be clearly seen with spectrum analysers. These devices, due to their short range and high power, are typically not susceptible to interference from other devices on the 2.4 GHz band.
Microwave oven.
Microwave ovens operate by emitting a very high power signal in the 2.4 GHz band. Older devices have poor shielding, and often emit a very "dirty" signal over the entire 2.4 GHz band.
This can cause considerable difficulties to Wi-Fi and video transmission, resulting in reduced range or complete blocking of the signal.
The IEEE 802.11 committee that developed the Wi-Fi specification conducted an extensive investigation into the interference potential of microwave ovens. A typical microwave oven uses a self-oscillating vacuum power tube called a magnetron and a high voltage power supply with a half wave rectifier (often with voltage doubling) and no DC filtering. This produces an RF pulse train with a duty cycle below 50% as the tube is completely off for half of every AC mains cycle: 8.33 ms in 60 Hz countries and 10 ms in 50 Hz countries.
This property gave rise to a Wi-Fi "microwave oven interference robustness" mode that segments larger data frames into fragments each small enough to fit into the oven's "off" periods.
The 802.11 committee also found that although the instantaneous frequency of a microwave oven magnetron varies widely over each half AC cycle with the instantaneous supply voltage, at any instant it is relatively coherent, i.e., it occupies only a narrow bandwidth. The 802.11a/g signal is inherently robust against such interference because it uses OFDM with error correction information interleaved across the carriers; as long as only a few carriers are wiped out by strong narrow band interference, the information in them can be regenerated by the error correcting code from the carriers that do get through.
Video devices.
Video senders typically operate using an FM carrier to carry a video signal from one room to another (for example, satellite TV or closed-circuit television). These devices typically operate continuously but have low (10 mW) transmit power. However, some devices, especially wireless cameras, operate with (often unauthorized) high power levels, and have high-gain antennas.
Amateur Radio operators can transmit two-way Amateur television (and voice) in the 2.4 GHz band - and all ISM frequencies above 902 MHz - with maximum power of 1500 watts. 
Although the transmitter of some video cameras appears to be fixed on one frequency, it has been found in several models that the cameras are actually frequency agile, and can have their frequency changed by disassembling the product and moving solder links or dip switches inside the camera.
These devices are prone to interference from other 2.4 GHz devices, due to the nature of an analog video signal showing up interference very easily. A carrier to noise ratio of some 20 dB is required to give a "clean" picture.
Continuous transmissions interfere with these, causing "patterning" on the picture, sometimes a dark or light shift, or complete blocking of the signal.
Non-continuous transmissions, such as Wi-Fi, cause horizontal noise bars to appear on the screen, and can cause "popping" or "clicking" to be heard in the audio.
Wi-Fi networks.
Video senders are a big problem for Wi-Fi networks. Unlike Wi-Fi they operate continuously, and are typically only 10 MHz in bandwidth. This causes a very intense signal as viewed on a spectrum analyser, and completely obliterates over half a channel. The result of this, typically in a Wireless Internet service provider-type environment, is that clients (who cannot hear the video sender due to the "hidden node" effect) can hear the Wi-Fi without any issues, but the receiver on the WISP's access point is completely obliterated by the video sender, so is extremely deaf. Furthermore, due to the nature of video senders, they are not interfered with by Wi-Fi easily, since the receiver and transmitter are typically located very close together, so the capture effect is very high. Wi-Fi also has a very wide spectrum, so only typically 30% of the peak power of the Wi-Fi actually affects the video sender. Wi-Fi is not continuous transmit, so the Wi-Fi signal interferes only intermittently with the video sender. A combination of these factors - low power output of the Wi-Fi compared to the video sender, the fact that typically the video sender is far closer to the receiver than the Wi-Fi transmitter and the FM capture effect means that a video sender may cause problems to Wi-Fi over a wide area, but the Wi-Fi unit causes few problems to the video sender.
802.11n Wi-Fi networks are proving to be a source of interference for other wireless data networks operating at 2.4 GHz.
EIRP.
Many video senders on the market in the UK advertise a 100 mW equivalent isotropically radiated power (EIRP). However, the UK market only permits a 10 mW EIRP limit. These devices cause far more interference across a far wider area, due to their excessive power. Furthermore, UK video senders are required to operate across a 20 MHz bandwidth (not to be confused with 20 MHz deviation). This means that some foreign imported video senders are not legal since they operate on a 15 MHz bandwidth or lower, which causes a higher spectral power density, increasing the interference. Furthermore, most other countries permit 100 mW EIRP for video senders, meaning a lot of video senders in the UK have excessive power outputs.
ZigBee / IEEE 802.15.4 Wireless Data Networks.
Many ZigBee / IEEE 802.15.4-based wireless data networks operate in the 2.45–2.4835 GHz band, and so are subject to interference from other devices operating in that same band. To avoid interference from IEEE 802.11 networks, an IEEE 802.15.4 network can be configured to only use channels 15, 20, 25, and 26, avoiding frequencies used by the commonly used IEEE 802.11 channels 1, 6, and 11.
Resolving interference.
Normally interference is not too hard to find. Products are coming onto the market cheaply which act as spectrum analyzers and use a standard USB interface into a laptop, meaning that the interference source can be fairly easily found with a little work, a directional antenna and driving around to find the interference.
Channel change.
Often solving interference is as simple as changing the channel of the offending device. Particularly with video senders, whereby plugging in the receiver with no transmitter attached will let you "see" the neighbour's video sender, this technique is considered part of the "Installation process". Where the channel of one system, such as a Wireless ISP cannot be changed, and it is being Interfered with by something such as a video sender, the owner of the video sender is normally very happy to assist with doing this, providing it is not too much work. However the problem comes when the interference is something such as a wireless CCTV camera which is mounted on a chimney and requires a long ladder to access. Such cameras, due to their height, cause serious problems across a wide area.
Alternative product.
Another cure is to offer an alternative product to the owner free of charge. Typically this would be a wired camera, which normally have far better performance than wireless cameras anyway, a cable to replace the video sender, or an alternative video sender which has been hard-wired to an alternative channel, with no means of changing it back to the offending frequency.
Yet another cure is to move from 2.4 GHz to another frequency which lacks the vulnerability to interference inherent at that frequency, for example the 5 GHz frequency for 802.11a/n.
Parameter change.
In extreme cases, where the interference is either deliberate or all attempts to get rid of the offending device have proved futile, it may be possible to look at changing the parameters of the network. Changing collinear antennas for high gain directional dishes normally works very well, since the narrow beam from a high gain dish will not physically "see" the interference. Often sector antennae have sharp "nulls" in their vertical pattern, so changing the tilt angle of sector antennas with a spectrum analyzer connected to monitor the strength of the interference can place the offending device within the null of the sector. High gain antennas on the transmitter end can "overpower" the interference, although their use may cause the effective radiated power (ERP) of the signal to become too high, and so their use may not be legal.
Adding base stations.
Interference caused by a Wi-Fi network to its neighbors can be reduced by adding more base stations to that network. Every Wi-Fi standard provides for automatic adjustment of the data rate to channel conditions; poor links (usually those spanning greater distances) automatically operate at lower speeds. Deploying additional base stations around the coverage area of a network, particularly in existing areas of poor or no coverage, reduces the average distance between a wireless device and its nearest access point and increases the average speed. The same amount of data takes less time to send, reduces channel occupancy, and gives more idle time to neighboring networks, improving the performance of all networks concerned.
The alternative of increasing coverage by adding an RF power amplifier to a single base station can bring similar improvements to a wireless network. The additional power offered by a linear amplifier will increase the signal-to-noise ratio at the client device, increasing the data rates used and reducing time spent transmitting data. The improved link quality will also reduce the number of retransmissions due to packet loss, further reducing channel occupancy. However, care must be taken to use a highly linear amplifier in order to avoid adding excessive noise to the signal.
All of the base stations in a wireless network should be set to the same SSID (which must be unique to all other networks within range) and plugged into the same logical Ethernet segment (one or more hubs or switches directly connected without IP routers). Wireless clients then automatically select the strongest access point from all those with the specified SSID, handing off from one to another as their relative signal strengths change. On many hardware and software implementations, this hand off can result in a short disruption in data transmission while the client and the new base station establish a connection. This potential disruption should be factored in when designing a network for low-latency services such as VoIP.

</doc>
<doc id="19108946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108946" title="Óscar Sielva">
Óscar Sielva

Óscar Sielva Moreno (born 6 August 1991) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Olot, Girona, Catalonia, Sielva was a product of local outfit RCD Espanyol's youth system. He made his first-team (and La Liga) debut on 30 August 2008, at the age of 17 years and 24 days, during the season opener against Real Valladolid, coming on as a substitute for Iván de la Peña in the closing stages of the game and being booked in a 1–0 home win; He appeared in four more matches in that first campaign, before fracturing his clavicle twice.
In late August 2009 Sielva was loaned to FC Cartagena, freshly promoted to the second division. He appeared in only one sixth of the league games during the season, often clashing with manager Juan Ignacio Martínez who wanted to play him out of position as a winger; he returned to Espanyol in January 2010.
Deemed surplus to requirements at his parent club, Sielva was also only reinstated with the reserves in January 2011. On 14 November he joined Málaga CF's B-team, in a mutual agreement between both sides.
At the end of the 2012–13 season, Sielva was released by Málaga. He subsequently underwent trials at FC Barcelona B, Girona FC and Swansea City, with no success.
International career.
Sielva was a regular for the Spanish U-17 side, playing a vital role in its triumph during the 2008 UEFA European Football Championship held in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19108978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108978" title="Testimony of Evil (Dead Men Don't Laugh)">
Testimony of Evil (Dead Men Don't Laugh)

Testimony of Evil (Dead Men Don't Laugh) is the sixth and final episode of the short-lived TV series "Police Squad!". The episode was directed by Joe Dante and written by Tino Isana and Robert Wuhl. As usual, the episode was produced by Robert K. Weiss.
Special Guest Star.
Tonight's Special Guest Star is William Conrad. As the opening credits roll, Conrad meets a fate similar to special guest star Lorne Greene's in the first episode of the series: he is thrown from a moving car with knife protruding from his chest. Conrad, grasping the bloodied knife handle, then dies in the street.
Plot.
A struggling comedian owes money to the owner of a nightclub. When his body is discovered at the bottom of a cliff in a car crash, all the clues point to suicide. It is later discovered that the comedian was also a police informant on a drug ring he infiltrated at his nightclub. Frank steps in and takes the place of the deceased at the nightclub in order to gather more clues.

</doc>
<doc id="19108985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108985" title="Rigger (entertainment)">
Rigger (entertainment)

A rigger is one who works on ropes, booms, lifts, hoists and the like for a stage production (film, theater, live music, etc.).
The term "rigger" originally referred to a person who attended to the rigging of a sailing ship. In the age of sail, trading followed seasonal patterns with ships leaving port at set times of the year to make the most of winds. When not at sea sailors would seek employment ashore. Their skill with ropes and booms found use in the theatre.
The original canvas backdrops used in the theatre moved with ropes and pulleys, being developed from techniques used for sails. It is from these roots that modern fly systems emerged. This also gave rise to the tradition in British theatres of never whistling on stage as the riggers would use the same whistled instructions on stage as they did aboard ship. A misplaced whistle could be taken as an instruction to the riggers to change the set.
The term rigger is still used for people backstage in theatres, the road crew for a live concert, conventions and trade shows, and by extension to similar jobs such as those who are responsible for fastening chain motors (like CM Lodestar) by wire rope to the structural steel of a building.
With the birth of the film industry, just as stage actors adapted their techniques to the new medium so did those back stage. The complexity of the new environment giving rise to specializations such as those in the film industry who rig scaffolding for film sets and camera rigs; also termed as a standby rigger if they are on site and 'on call' all of the time.
Wire riggers.
In the film industry, a wire rigger is a worker in the special effects/stunts film crew who "flies" actors. They are responsible for rigging special harnesses to attached wires which in turn are run through a series of "blocks" (pulleys) to a control area where a wire rigger raises, lowers or traverses an actor wearing the harness. Wire riggers also rig up rails along which travels a "skate" from which the wire is attached. Many feature films (e.g. Harry Potter, Superman) use this technique.

</doc>
<doc id="19108993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19108993" title="Herman Laverdière">
Herman Laverdière

Herman E. Laverdière (13 March 1927 – 21 May 2001) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Saint-Lazare, Quebec, he was a teacher by career.
He was first elected at the Bellechasse riding in the 1963 general election and re-elected there in 1965. After completing his second term, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Laverdière left Parliament and did not campaign in further federal elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19109013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109013" title="2009 Minnesota Swarm season">
2009 Minnesota Swarm season

The Minnesota Swarm are a lacrosse team based in Minnesota playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 5th in franchise history.
The Swarm played their first four seasons in the East division, but because of the addition of the Boston Blazers and the demise of the Arizona Sting, they were moved to the West division for the 2009 season.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25956&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Swarm selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19109028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109028" title="1952 college football season">
1952 college football season

The 1952 NCAA football season ended with the unbeaten Michigan State Spartans (9-0-0 record) and Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets (12-0-0 record) each claiming the national championship according to different polls. Michigan State finished first according to two of the "wire service" (AP and UP) polls which also both placed Georgia Tech second. Georgia Tech was first in the (Hearst chain) International News Service poll. UP and INS merged in 1958 to form UPI. Although the Spartans would become members of the Big Ten conference for football in 1950, full participation would not come until 1953, and under the terms of their entry into the conference, they were not allowed to participate in postseason play. The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, won the Sugar Bowl on New Year's Day in New Orleans.
September.
September 20 Maryland won at Missouri 13-10, and Texas won at LSU 35-14. In the preseason poll released on September 22, 1952, the Michigan State Spartans were rated first, followed by the Maryland Terrapins. Maryland actually had more first place votes 79 to 77, but MSU had an edge on points, 1720-1696. The remainder of the Top Five was #3 Georgia Tech (which beat The Citadel 54-6), #4 Oklahoma and #5 Illinois. Defending champion Tennessee was 6th. As the regular season progressed, a new poll would be issued on the Monday following the weekend's games. 
On September 27 #1 Michigan State won at Michigan, 27-13.
October.
October 4 #1 Michigan State narrowly defeated Oregon State 17-14 at Portland.
October 11 
The new #1, Wisconsin, lost at Columbus to unranked Ohio State, 23-14. #2 Michigan State beat visiting Texas A&M 48-6. #3 California beat Oregon at Portland, 41-7.
October 18 #1 Michigan State beat visiting Syracuse 48-7. #2 Maryland beat Navy 38-7. #3 California beat Santa Clara 27-7. #4 Georgia Tech beat Auburn 33-0. #5 Duke won at N.C. State, 57-0, but was still bounced out of the top five. #6 Oklahoma, which had won at #8 Kansas 42-20, was third in the next poll: 1.Michigan State 2.Maryland 3.Oklahoma 4.California 5.Georgia Tech 
October 25 #1 Michigan State beat #17 Penn State 34-7. #2 Maryland beat LSU 34-6. #3 Oklahoma beat Kansas State 49-6. In Los Angeles, a matchup of unbeaten teams pitted #4 California (5-0-0) against the 5-0-0 and #7 USC Trojans. USC won 10-0. Cal would lose this and the next two games after its perfect start. #5 Georgia Tech beat Vanderbilt 30-0. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.Maryland 3.Oklahoma 4.Georgia Tech 5.USC
November.
November 1 #1 Michigan State narrowly won at #8 Purdue, 14-7. #2 Maryland won at Boston University, 34-7. #3 Oklahoma won at Iowa State 41-0. #4 Georgia Tech (6-0-0) faced unbeaten #6 Duke (also 6-0-0) and won 28-7. #5 USC was idle, and its place was taken by #7 UCLA, which handed #11 California a 28-7 defeat. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.Maryland 3.Georgia Tech 4.Oklahoma 5.UCLA
November 8 #1 Michigan State won at Indiana 41-14. #2 Maryland was idle. #3 Georgia Tech beat Army 45-6. #4 Oklahoma lost at #10 Notre Dame, 27-21, and dropped back out of the Top Five. #5 UCLA beat visiting Oregon State 57-0. #6 USC rose to fifth after a 54-7 win at Stanford. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.Georgia Tech 3. Maryland 4.UCLA 5.USC
November 15 Unbeaten #1 Michigan State hosted once-beaten (5-1-1) #6 Notre Dame and won 21-3. In Atlanta, unbeaten (8-0-0) #2 Georgia Tech faced once-beaten (7-1-0) #12 Alabama and won, 7-3. And on the road, unbeaten (7-0-0) #3 Maryland lost at unbeaten (6-0-2) #11 Mississippi, 21-14. #4 UCLA was idle. #5 USC beat #17 Washington 33-0. #8 Oklahoma, which had beaten Missouri 47-7, returned to the Top Five. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.Georgia Tech 3.UCLA 4.USC 5.Oklahoma 
November 22 #1 Michigan State won 62-13 over Marquette to close its season unbeaten. #2 Georgia Tech stayed unbeaten as it beat Florida State 30-0. Both unbeaten, #3 UCLA (8-0-0) and #4 USC (8-0-0) met in Los Angeles, with USC winning 14-12 to take the crown of the Pacific Coast Conference and a trip to the Rose Bowl. #5 Oklahoma beat Nebraska 34-13. The new poll: 1.Michigan State 2.USC 3.Georgia Tech 4.Oklahoma 5.UCLA
November 29 #1 Michigan State had closed its season. #2 USC hosted #7 Notre Dame and lost 9-0. #3 Georgia Tech finished its season unbeaten (11-0-0) and was invited to the Sugar Bowl to face unbeaten, but twice tied (8-0-2) and #6 Mississippi. #4 Oklahoma closed its season at Oklahoma State, winning 54-7 to finish 8-1-1. In the Final AP poll, released December 1, #1 Michigan State was the champion, followed by #2 Georgia Tech, #3 Notre Dame, #4 Oklahoma, and #5 USC.
Conference standings.
The following is an incomplete list of conference standings:
Bowl games.
As late as 1952, many colleges, and some football conferences, did not participate in postseason bowl games. #1 Michigan State had joined the Big Ten conference in 1950 for football, but as part of the terms of membership, was ineligible to play in a bowl game until the 1953 season. #3 Notre Dame had a policy against playing in postseason games. #4 Oklahoma was a member of the Big 7 conference (which later, as the Big 8 and Big 12, would send its best team to the Orange Bowl), and that conference banned post-season games. The Oklahoma University Board of Regents considered a motion to allow the team to accept an invitation from the Orange Bowl, and passed a resolution that stated that "Oklahoma belongs to the Big Seven Conference and has followed its rules in the past and should follow them in the future.". Thus, three of the nation's four "top teams" did not play in a bowl game. The exception was Georgia Tech, which played as the SEC champ in the Sugar Bowl. In a forerunner of the SEC championship game, the two best teams in the conference met, with #7 Ole Miss accepting the invitation to play against Tech.

</doc>
<doc id="19109034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109034" title="Lawrence Watson">
Lawrence Watson

Lawrence E. Watson (31 October 1917 – 22 December 1990) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Avonlea, Saskatchewan and became a farmer and farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Assiniboia riding in 
the 1963 general election after an unsuccessful attempt to win the riding in 1962. Watson was re-elected there in 1965 but defeated in 1968. He also contested a 8 November 1971 by-election at Assiniboia but again was unable to win back the seat in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19109042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109042" title="Louis of Anhalt-Köthen (the Younger)">
Louis of Anhalt-Köthen (the Younger)

Louis of Anhalt-Köthen, called The Younger (19 October 1607, in Köthen – 15 March 1624, in Köthen), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and heir to the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the only son of Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his first wife Amöena Amalie, daughter of Arnold III, Count of Bentheim-Steinfurt-Tecklenburg-Limburg.
Life.
A highly-gifted boy, he was considered by contemporary witnesses to be "the hope for the political future of his country" (in the words of Kaspar von Teutleben).
After the creation of the Fruitbearing Society on 24 August 1617 his father, its first leader, accepted him as a member. As an emblem, he chose for him a "watermelon cut into little pieces".
The participation of Louis the Younger in the "Académie des parfaits amants" in Köthen on 1 March 1624 is doubtful, because he died fourteen days later, on 15 March, at the age of sixteen.

</doc>
<doc id="19109052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109052" title="Academy for Science and Design">
Academy for Science and Design

The Academy for Science and Design (ASD) is a public charter school located in Nashua, New Hampshire, USA. This is New Hampshire's first charter school to concentrate on science, technology, engineering, math, and design. The Academy is tuition-free for New Hampshire residents. 
ASD opened in September 2007 and currently is serving 450 students from over 40 New Hampshire communities in grades 6 through 12. The Academy offers a science, math, and engineering-oriented curriculum beginning with algebra, biology/chemistry, and physics in grade 7.
History.
The establishment of the school was approved in March 2006. Its establishment was sponsored by Daniel Webster College. The school opened for the 2007-08 academic year. During the 2011-12 year the grade 6 was added to the school. Prior to the 2012-2013 school year ASDNH moved from its original location in Merrimack, New Hampshire, to its current location in Nashua, expanding the size of the student body.
Curriculum.
ASD's curriculum exceeds New Hampshire state standards. The Academy's goal is to be internationally competitive. Algebra, physics, chemistry, design, and biology are taught beginning in grade 7. Chemistry and Biology are taught as one three-year course referred to as "Integrated Biology and Chemistry" or "IBC". Starting in 2012, World History (now known as Social Studies) and Language Arts are taught as a package course titled "Humanities". Conceptual Physics is also taught as a three-year course. Technology and Design are taught in dedicated courses as Technology Design and Technology Applications in Society.Information Technologies are integrated throughout the curriculum. Student projects emphasize research skills and engineering. Mandarin Chinese, French, German, and Spanish are offered as the initial foreign languages.
Demographics.
For the 2013-14 school year, approximately 450 students, 6th-12th graders, are attending from 42 New Hampshire communities, ranging from small rural towns to urban cities, with 25% of students from international backgrounds and approximately 25% of students female.
Achievements.
In the initial year, school teams competed and were placed in two international academic competitions. Teams placed sixth in the New Hampshire state Mathcounts competition, and they won second and first place in the International Fire Fighting Home Robot Contest's Olympiad Robot competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19109055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109055" title="Ayamo moyolpachihuitia in Totlatocatzin Rey D. Fernando VII">
Ayamo moyolpachihuitia in Totlatocatzin Rey D. Fernando VII

""Ayamo moyolpachihuitia in Totlatocatzin Rey D. Fernando VII..."" (English: "Our ruler King Don Fernando VII is not yet satisfied") are the first words of a Nahuatl-language broadside printed on October 5, 1810 by Francisco Javier Venegas de Saavedra, viceroy of New Spain, as propaganda during the Hidalgo revolt. It announced the abolition of tribute payment by the Indians of New Spain, which, it was hoped, would reduce Indian support for the rebellion.
Although Venegas stated that Nahuatl was used simply to reach as many Indians as possible, relatively few speakers of Nahuatl were literate, and those that were usually could also read Spanish or Latin. It is more likely that Nahuatl was used for ideological reasons, to strengthen the legitimacy of the colonial government in the eyes of native people. Indigenous languages and Nahuatl in particular had been banned in 1770, and the use of Nahuatl in government publications in 1810 was a new endorsement of the language.
The translation of the text into Nahuatl has been attributed to Rafael Tiburcio Sandoval. The text shares several orthographic and grammatical traits with Sandoval's grammar of Nahuatl, which was also published in 1810 and was the first new work to be published in Nahuatl since the ban.

</doc>
<doc id="19109062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109062" title="Bohumil Jílek">
Bohumil Jílek

Bohumil Jílek (born 17. october 1892 in Deštná, died 3. august 1963 in New York), Chairman of The Communist Party of Czechoslovakia until 1929. (Deposed by Klement Gottwald) Before, he worked as journalist. After 1948, he left to France and later to USA.
His father was Jan Jílek a local policeman, his mother Františka née Vosolová.

</doc>
<doc id="19109070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109070" title="Bristol Tennessee High School">
Bristol Tennessee High School

Bristol Tennessee High School (more commonly called Tennessee High) is a public high school located in Bristol, Tennessee, operated as part of the Bristol City School System.
History.
The first official Tennessee High School opened in 1916 on Alabama Street. The first part of the current campus was built in 1939. The Bristol Municipal Stadium, also known as the Stone Castle, hosts football and soccer games and was built in 1936 as part of the New Deal. Viking Hall, which opened in 1981, is Bristol Tennessee's civic center and the location of Tennessee High basketball games.
Academics.
The school offers two paths of study for students, a university path and a technical path. The school offers Advanced Placement courses and participation in Army JROTC.
Extracurricular activities.
Each February, the school participates in a fund raising drive for the American Heart Association called "Queen of Hearts" with Virginia High School, Sullivan East High School and John S. Battle High School.
Athletics.
Tennessee High won the 1972 High School Football National Championship as well as the 1971 and 1972 Tennessee state football championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19109073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109073" title="Online Presence Ontology">
Online Presence Ontology

The OPO (Online Presence Ontology) is an ontology which aims to model the dynamic aspects of a user’s presence online and to enable exchange of the Online Presence data. The creator of the OPO is Milan Stankovic, a young researcher and a member of the GOOD OLD AI Research Network. OPO is mentioned in W3C Social Web Incubator Group final report as one of the vocabularies that support the publishing of Social Web data on the Semantic Web, along with FOAF and SIOC.
Ontology.
OPO is a descriptive vocabulary expressed using the Resource Description Framework (RDF) and the Web Ontology Language (OWL). As such, it can be used by machines (software) for manipulating with user's OPO data or doing different analysis of user's online activity, for instance by querying it with an RDF query language (e.g. SPARQL).
Ontology Design.
The main concept in OPO is the OnlinePresence. It represents a placeholder for all the aspects of a user’s presence in the online world. OnlineStatusComponent represents an abstract component of the OnlinePresence; its subclasses define different dimensions of a user’s presence in the online world and describe the nature of the Online Presence. The Findability stands for a user's willingness to let other users find his/her contact details in public listings. The Notifiability component can be used to declare willingness of a user to receive notifications from applications (on which he/she is logged on), while OnlineStatus represents the IM status, used on IM platforms. OnlineStatus in turn, has its own components that enable more precise descriptions of different statuses used by IM platforms. Those components are: Visibility, Activity, Contactability, and Disturbability.
Implementation.
Apart from facilitating the integration of online presence data from various sources, OPO can also be beneficial for transferring data from one service to another. A lot of users do copy-paste of their custom messages, for example from gTalk to Facebook (and vice versa). Likewise, they tend to upload the same avatar on different messengers. This manual work is an annoyance that users can easily be relieved from by introducing a meaningful data exchange protocol between services. The first thing needed to accomplish this goal is a semantic representation of the online presence data which would serve as a basis for developing exchange mechanisms along the ideas outlined by the Data Portability initiative.
The domain where OPO can make a significant contribution is the exchange of user's statuses on various IMs. OPO provides a flexible model for representing the semantics of online statuses thus making their descriptions precise and understandable for the IM platform exchanging them.
Currently different IM platforms use different status scales, and when users from different platforms meet in an inter-platform chat (on services like Meebo, etc.) their original statuses are often lost. This is because currently, users’ online statuses are exchanged over the XMPP protocol, by mapping them to a semantically very poor status scale used in XMPP. In those mappings the semantics of original statuses is largely reduced. To face this issue OPO allows for precise descriptions of IM status characteristics so that they can be exchanged between platforms with their semantics fully preserved. Thus the OPO serves, in this domain, as a mediator preserving the semantics of online status scales in their exchanges, enabling more precise transfers of data between heterogeneous services.
Example.
The following OPO data (written in Turtle format) describes user 'darthVader' who has posted a new custom message on a Twitter microblogging service and another user 'luke' who also posted a custom message which is a reply of darthVader's one.
OPO and FOAF.
For deeper understanding of OPO and the notion of online presence itself, a comparison to FOAF might be useful. It is very important to distinguish the static and more persistent users online properties modeled by FOAF (like name, gender, homepage, etc.) from frequently changing properties addressed by the OPO (like activities, custom message and IM status). The OPO is actually meant for representing dynamic aspects of user's profiles, and it could be said that it complements FOAF in a way. Therefore, it is quite natural that OPO is connected to FOAF through some properties (e.g. agent).

</doc>
<doc id="19109077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109077" title="C'est pas moi, je le jure! (film)">
C'est pas moi, je le jure! (film)

"C'est pas moi, je le jure!" () is a Quebec-French-language comedy movie released in Quebec on September 26, 2008. It is directed by Philippe Falardeau and is adapted from Bruno Hébert's novels "C'est pas moi, je le jure!" and "Alice court avec René". The film's soundtrack contains original songs composed by Montreal musician Patrick Watson. It was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival, the Berlin International Film Festival, and the Kingston Canadian Film Festival.
Synopsis.
The story begins with a boy hanging himself in a tree, for fun.
Léon is a 10 year old kid, with a tendency to vandalise, lie, prank, steal or even attempt suicide. He is not necessarily suicidal, but to escape punishments for his other deeds, he uses the suicide trick to get out of blame. When his parents were making fighting, he sets fire to the bed, simply to make them stop.
The story circulates around the evolving love of Léon, and another girl that lives next door, whose name is Lea. She is regularly beaten by her uncle, and dreams of a normal childhood, specifically showing a desire for Barbie dolls. Their love proves to be difficult however, as at first Leon cannot admit that he likes her, but when he confesses his love, Lea throws him off by replying that she too loves herself. Léon's mother moves away when she and her husband have had a big argument, and leaves the next day for Greece. Léon and his brother struggle to accept this, and try several different ways to get in touch with her, such as running away to Greece, ringing her, or trying to find her home address. Leon follows Lea's plan to go to Greece but really Lea wants to look for her father. Lea runs off to look for her father but her father moved over a year ago, according to the woman living in the house where he once lived. Leon and Lea return but Leon's father is furious and Leon jumps off a high ledge to attempt suicide but fails.
One day, a woman that resembles Léons mother arrives from Greece, and delivers both messages and gifts from her. She is most probably a daughter. She also secretly gives Léon's brother the telephone number for her mother, and he telephones her many times in the dead of night; leaving expensive bills for Léon (the chronic liar) to take blame for.
The story ends with Léon going to a local bowling alley where he often goes to spend time, but this time he places his head where the bowling ball hits the pins, and awaits the impact of the ball. Though he wakes up, and realises that life may not be for him, but he is made for life.
References.
Antoine L'Écuyer : Léon Doré
Suzanne Clément : Madeleine Doré
Daniel Brière : Philippe Doré
Gabriel Maillé : Jérôme Doré
Catherine Faucher : Leo
Jules Philip : Mr. Marinier
Micheline Bernard : Mrs. Brisebois
Denis Gravereaux : Mr. Pouchonnaud
Jean Maheux : Bishop Charlebois
Évelyne Rompré : Mrs. Chavagnac

</doc>
<doc id="19109084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109084" title="Aathvaan Vachan">
Aathvaan Vachan

Aathvaan Vachan - Saath Vachano Se Badkar (English: "Eighth Vow - More Important Than The Seven Vows") was an Indian Hindi television series that aired on Sony Entertainment Television India, starting from September 1, 2008 on every Monday to Thursday at 9 p.m. (IST). It went off air on May 21, 2009.
Plot.
The story is based on the life of a young woman named Manali, with a mentally challenged younger sister, Urmi. Usually, a traditional Hindu marriage involves seven vows. Manali gets married to Aadesh, who takes an eighth vow (Aathvaan Vachan) that he will take care of Urmi for life. This is the story of their lives as a family.

</doc>
<doc id="19109094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109094" title="Help Me Girl">
Help Me Girl

"Help Me Girl" is a song performed by Eric Burdon in 1966. It was billed to Eric Burdon & The Animals for his 1967 solo album, "Eric Is Here" which also featured drummer Barry Jenkins, the only group member to remain during the transition from the "first" Animals group to the "new" lineup. It reached number 29 on the U.S. charts and number 14 on the UK charts.
At the same time, The Outsiders released it as a single reaching number 37 on the U.S. charts.
"Help Me Girl" was covered a few times and was the only single of Burdon's solo album.

</doc>
<doc id="19109098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109098" title="Feng Office Community Edition">
Feng Office Community Edition

Feng Office Community Edition (formerly OpenGoo) is an open source collaboration platform developed and supported by Feng Office and the OpenGoo community. It is a fully featured online office suite with a similar set of features as other online office suites, like Google Apps, Microsoft Office Live, Zimbra, and Zoho. The application can be downloaded and installed on a server.
Feng Office could also be categorized as collaborative software and as personal information manager software.
Features.
Feng Office Community Edition main features include project management, document management, contact management, e-mail and time management. Text documents and presentations can be created and edited online. Files can be uploaded, organized and shared, independent of file formats.
Organization of the information in Feng Office Community Edition is done using workspaces and tags.
The application presents the information stored using different interfaces such as lists, dashboards and calendar views.
Licensing.
Feng Office Community Edition is distributed under the GNU Affero General Public License, version 3.
Technology used.
Feng Office uses PHP, JavaScript, AJAX (ExtJS) and MySQL technology.
Several open source projects served as a basis for development. ActiveCollab's last open sourced release was used as the initial code base. It includes CKEditor for online document editing.
System requirements.
The server could run on any operating system. The system needs the following packages:
On the client side, the user is only required to use a modern Web browser.
History.
OpenGoo started as a degree project at the faculty of Engineering of the University of the Republic, Uruguay. The project was presented and championed by Software Engineer Conrado Viña. Software Engineers Marcos Saiz and Ignacio de Soto developed the first prototype as their thesis. Professors Eduardo Fernández and Tomás Laurenzo [http://laurenzo.net] served as tutors. Conrado, Ignacio and Marcos founded the OpenGoo community and remain active members and core developers. The thesis was approved with the highest score.
Currently there is a second project for OpenGoo at the same University being developed by students Fernando Rodríguez, Ignacio Vázquez and Juan Pedro del Campo.Their project aims to build an open source Web-based spreadsheet.
On December 2009 the OpenGoo name was changed to Feng Office Community Edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19109106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109106" title="Baiji">
Baiji

The baiji () ("Lipotes vexillifer", "Lipotes" meaning "left behind", "vexillifer" "flag bearer") was a freshwater dolphin found only in the Yangtze River in China. Nicknamed "Goddess of the Yangtze" () in China, the dolphin is also called Chinese river dolphin, Yangtze River dolphin, whitefin dolphin and Yangtze dolphin. It is not to be confused with the Chinese white dolphin or the finless porpoise.
The baiji population declined drastically in decades as China industrialized and made heavy use of the river for fishing, transportation, and hydroelectricity. Efforts were made to conserve the species, but a late 2006 expedition failed to find any baiji in the river. Organizers declared the baiji functionally extinct, which would make it the first known aquatic mammal species to become extinct since the demise of the Japanese sea lion and the Caribbean monk seal in the 1950s. It would also be the first recorded extinction of a well-studied cetacean species (it is unclear if some previously extinct varieties were species or subspecies) to be directly attributable to human influence.
In August 2007, a Chinese man reportedly videotaped a large white animal swimming in the Yangtze. Although it was tentatively confirmed that the animal on the video is probably a baiji, the presence of only one or a few animals, particularly of advanced age, is not enough to save a functionally extinct species from true extinction. The last known living baiji was Qiqi (淇淇), who died in 2002.
A related species from the Miocene is "Parapontoporia".
Anatomy and morphology.
Baiji were thought to breed in the first half of the year, the peak calving season being from February to April. A 30% pregnancy rate was observed. Gestation would last 10–11 months, delivering one calf at a time; the interbirth interval was 2 years. Calves measured around at birth, and nursed for 8–20 months. Males reached sexual maturity at age four, females at age six. Mature males were about (7.5 ft) long, females , the longest specimen . The animal weighed 135–230 kilograms (300-510 lb), with a lifespan estimated at 24 years in the wild.
When escaping from danger, the baiji could reach 60 km/h (37 mph), but usually stayed within 10 to 15 km/h (6–9 mph). Because of its poor vision, the baiji relied mainly on sonar for navigation.
Distribution.
Historically the baiji occurred along of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze from Yichang in the west to the mouth of the river, near to Shanghai, as well as in Poyang and Dongting lakes, and the smaller Qiantang river to the south. This had been reduced by several hundred kilometres both upstream and downstream, and was limited to the main channel of the Yangtze, principally the middle reaches between the two large tributary lakes, Dongting and Poyang. Approximately 12% of the world’s human population lives and works within the Yangtze River catchment area, putting pressure on the river. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, along with other smaller damming projects, also led to habitat loss.
Evolutionary history.
Fossil records suggest that the dolphin first appeared 25 million years ago and migrated from the Pacific Ocean to the Yangtze River 20 million years ago. It was one of four species of dolphins known to have made fresh water their exclusive habitat. The other five species, including the boto and the La Plata dolphin, have survived in the Río de la Plata and Amazon rivers in South America and the Ganges and Indus rivers on the Indian subcontinent.
It is estimated that there were 5,000 baiji when they were described in the ancient dictionary "Erya" circa 3rd century BC. A traditional Chinese story describes the baiji as the reincarnation of a princess who had been drowned by her family after refusing to marry a man she did not love. Regarded as a symbol of peace and prosperity, the dolphin was nicknamed the "Goddess of the Yangtze."
Conservation.
In the 1950s, the population was estimated at 6,000 animals, but declined rapidly over the subsequent five decades. Only a few hundred were left by 1970. Then the number dropped down to 400 by the 1980s and then to 13 in 1997 when a full-fledged search was conducted. Now the most endangered cetacean in the world, according to the "Guinness Book of World Records", the baiji was last sighted in August 2004, though there was a possible sighting in 2007. It is listed as an endangered species by the U.S. government under the Endangered Species Act. It is now thought to be extinct.
Causes of decline.
The World Conservation Union (IUCN) has noted the following as threats to the species: a period of hunting by humans during the Great Leap Forward, entanglement in fishing gear, the illegal practice of electric fishing, collisions with boats and ships, habitat loss, and pollution.
During the Great Leap Forward, when traditional veneration of the baiji was denounced, it was hunted for its flesh and skin, and quickly became scarce.
As China developed economically, pressure on the river dolphin grew significantly. Industrial and residential waste flowed into the Yangtze. The riverbed was dredged and reinforced with concrete in many locations. Ship traffic multiplied, boats grew in size, and fishermen employed wider and more lethal nets. Noise pollution caused the nearly blind animal to collide with propellers. Stocks of the dolphin's prey declined drastically in the late 20th century, with some fish populations declining to one thousandth of their pre-industrial levels.
In the 1970s and 1980s, an estimated half of baiji deaths were attributed to entanglement in fishing gear and nets. By the early 2000s, electric fishing was considered "the most important and immediate direct threat to the baiji's survival." Though outlawed, this fishing technique is widely and illegally practiced throughout China. The building of the Three Gorges Dam further reduced the dolphin's habitat and facilitated an increase in ship traffic; these were thought to make it extinct.
Conservation efforts.
During the 1970s, China recognized the precarious state of the river dolphin. The government outlawed deliberate killing, restricted fishing, and established nature reserves.
In 1978, the Chinese Academy of Sciences established the Freshwater Dolphin Research Centre (淡水海豚研究中心) as a branch of the Wuhan Institute of Hydrobiology. In the 1980s and 1990s, several attempts were made to capture dolphins and relocate them to a reserve. A breeding program would then allow the species to recover and be reintroduced to the Yangtze after conditions improve. However, capturing the rare, quick dolphins proved to be difficult, and few captives survived more than a few months.
The first Chinese aquatic species protection organisation, the Baiji Dolphin Conservation Foundation of Wuhan (武汉白鱀豚保护基金), was founded in December 1996. It has raised 1,383,924.35 CNY (about 100,000 USD) and used the funds for in vitro cell preservation and to maintain the baiji facilities, including the Shishou Sanctuary that was flooded in 1998.
Since 1992 five protected areas of the Yangtze have been designated as baiji reserves. Four were built in the main Yangtze channel where baiji are actively protected and fishing is banned: two national reserves (Shishou City and Xin-Luo) and two provincial (Tongling and Zhenjiang). A fifth protected area is an isolated oxbow lake located off of the north bank of the river near to Shishou City: the Tian-e-Zhou Oxbow Semi-natural Reserve. Combined, these five reserves cover just over , about 1/3 of the baijis range, leaving two-thirds of the species' habitat unprotected.
As well as these five protected areas there are also five "Protection Stations" in Jianli, Chenglingji, Hukou, Wuhu and Zhengjiang. These stations consist of two observers and a motorised fishing boat with the aim of conducting daily patrols, making observations and investigating reports of illegal fishing.
In 2001 the Chinese government approved a Conservation Action Plan for Cetaceans of the Yangtze River. This plan re-emphasised the three measures identified at the 1986 workshop and was adopted as the national policy for the conservation of the Baiji. Despite all of these workshops and conventions little money was available in China to aid the conservation efforts. It has been estimated that US$1 million was needed to begin the project and maintain it for a further 3 years.
Efforts to save the mammals proved to be too little and too late. August Pfluger, chief executive of the Baiji.org Foundation, said, "The strategy of the Chinese government was a good one, but we didn't have time to put it into action."
In-situ conservation.
Most scientists agreed that the best course of action was an ex-situ effort working in parallel with an in-situ effort. The deterioration of the Yangtze River had to be reversed to preserve the habitat. The ex-situ projects aimed to raise a large enough population over time so that some, if not all, of the dolphins could be returned to the Yangtze, so the habitat within the river had to be maintained anyway.
Ex-situ conservation.
The Shishou Tian-e-Zhou is a long, wide oxbow lake located near Shishou City in Hubei Province. Shishou has been described as being "like a miniature Yangtze … possessing all of the requirements for a semi-natural reserve". From the designation as a national reserve in 1992 it has been intended to be used for not only the baiji but also the Yangtze finless porpoise. In 1990 the first finless porpoises were relocated to the reserve and since then have been surviving and reproducing well. As of April 2005 26 finless porpoises were known to live in the reserve. A baiji was introduced in December 1995, but died during the summer flood of 1996. To deal with these annual floods a dyke was constructed between the Yangtze and Shishou. Now water is controlled from a sluice gate located at the downstream mouth of the oxbow lake. It has been reported that since the installation of this sluice gate, water quality has declined since no annual transfer of nutrients can occur. Roughly 6,700 people live on the ‘island’ within the oxbow lake and so some limited fishing is permitted.
Success of Shishou with the porpoises and with migratory birds and other wetland fauna has encouraged the local Wetlands Management Team to put forward an application to award the site Ramsar status. It has also been noted that the site has incredible potential for ecotourism, which could be used to generate much needed revenue to improve the quality of the reserve. The necessary infrastructure does not currently exist to realize these opportunities.
Captive specimens.
A baiji conservation dolphinarium was established at the Institute of Hydrobiology (IHB) in Wuhan in 1992. This was planned as a backup to any other conservation efforts by producing an area completely protected from any threats, and where the baiji could be easily observed. The site includes an indoor and outdoor holding pool, a water filtration system, food storage and preparation facilities, research labs and a small museum. The aim is to also generate income from tourism which can be put towards the baiji plight. The pools are not very large ( arc shaped x wide x deep, diameter, deep and diameter, deep) and so are not capable of holding many baijis at one time.
Douglas Adams and Mark Carwardine documented their encounters with the endangered animals on their conservation travels for the BBC programme "Last Chance to See". The book by the same name, published in 1990, included pictures of a captive specimen, a male named Qi Qi (淇淇) that lived in the Wuhan Institute of Hydrobiology dolphinarium from 1980 to July 14, 2002. Discovered by a fisherman in Dongting Lake, he became the sole resident of the Baiji Dolphinarium (白鱀豚水族馆) beside East Lake. A sexually mature female was captured in late 1995, but died after half a year in 1996 when the Shishou Tian-e-Zhou Baiji Semi-natural Reserve (石首半自然白鱀豚保护区), which had contained only finless porpoises since 1990, was flooded.
Current status.
The Xinhua News Agency announced on 4 December 2006 that no Chinese River Dolphins were detected in a six-week survey of the Yangtze River conducted by 30 researchers. The failure of the Yangtze Freshwater Dolphin Expedition () raised suspicions of the first unequivocal extinction of a cetacean species due to human action (some extinct baleen whale populations might not have been distinct species). Poor water and weather conditions may have prevented sightings, but expedition leaders declared it "functionally extinct" on December 13, 2006 as fewer are likely to be alive than are needed to propagate the species. However, footage believed to be a baiji from August 2007 was released to the public.
The Japanese sea lion and Caribbean monk seal disappeared in the 1950s, the last aquatic mammals to become extinct. Several land-based mammal species and subspecies have disappeared since then. If the Baiji is now extinct, the North Pacific right whale has become the most endangered marine mammal species.
Some scientists retain hope for the species:
A report of the expedition was published online in the journal Biology Letters on August 7, 2007, in which the authors conclude "We are forced to conclude that the baiji is now likely to be extinct, probably due to unsustainable by-catch in local fisheries"
"Witness to Extinction: How We Failed To Save The Yangtze River Dolphin", an account of the 2006 baiji survey by Samuel Turvey, the lead author of the Biology Letters paper, was published by Oxford University Press in autumn 2008. This book investigated the baiji's probable extinction within the wider-scale context of how and why international efforts to conserve the species had failed, and whether conservation recovery programmes for other threatened species were likely to face similar potentially disastrous administrative hurdles.
Some reports suggest that information about the baiji and its demise is being suppressed in China. Other reports cite government media English language reports in China Central Television and Xinhua News Agency as evidence to the contrary.
In August 2007, Zeng Yujiang reportedly videotaped a large white animal swimming in the Yangtze in Anhui Province. Wang Kexiong of the Institute of Hydrobiology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has tentatively confirmed that the animal on the video is a baiji.
On October 3, 2011 the sighting of almost 20 porpoises was reported in Chinese media. The sighting was done from a bridge in Nanjing city. It should be noted however, that the sighting has not been confirmed by independent media sources.
The lives of finless porpoise are also at risk. On October 11, 2007, Chinese state media announced that under a development plan an additional 4,000,000 people will be relocated from their homes near the dam by the year 2020 due to ecological concerns, while a forum of officials and experts warned of a possible “environmental catastrophe” if preventive measures are not taken. Currently, the quality of water in the Yangtze is falling rapidly, due to the dam's preventing dispersal of pollutants; algae blooms have risen progressively since the dam’s construction; and soil erosion has increased, causing riverbank collapses and landslides. The report detailing this was officially released in September 2007. Senior Chinese government officials and scholars said the dam could cause a “huge disaster ... if steps are not taken promptly.” The same scholars and officials previously had defended the Three Gorges Dam project. Xinhua also reported that tens of billions of yuan had been spent to prevent pollution and geological disasters by tree planting, measures to maintain species diversification, shutting down 1,500 polluting industrial and mining enterprises and building 70 sewage and waste treatment plants, all of which are "progressing well." 
see jaidyn

</doc>
<doc id="19109139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109139" title="No. 269 Squadron RAF">
No. 269 Squadron RAF

No. 269 Squadron RAF was a maritime patrol unit of the Royal Air Force that saw service in World War I, World War II, and the Cold War.
Service history.
World War I.
On 6 October 1918, No. 269 Squadron was formed from Nos. 431 and 432 Flights at the seaplane station based at Port Said which had been established there since January 1916, under the command of Major P.L Holmes, RAF. No. 269 was part 64th Wing, and it operated seaplanes from the harbor, plus land-based flight of B.E.2e and Airco DH.9 aircraft. The squadron conducted maritime patrols until the Armistice, and on 15 September 1919, its seaplanes were moved to Alexandria and merged with No. 270 Squadron as its landplane flight had been disbanded in March 1919. The squadron continued as No. 269 until it was disbanded on 15 November 1919.
Inter-war Period.
On 7 December 1936, C Flight of No. 206 Squadron at RAF Bircham Newton was redesignated 269 Squadron. The squadron was moved to RAF Abbotsinch, near Glasgow, later that month, and its Avro Anson aircraft undertook coastal reconnaissance patrols. On 9 March 1939, the squadron moved to RAF Montrose and began flying maritime patrols off the east coast of Scotland.
World War II.
1939.
No. 269 Squadron was transferred to RAF Wick on 10 October 1939, and executed aerial attacks against surfaced German U-boats on 15 September, 18 October, 28 October, 3 November, 19 November, and 3 December. Postwar examination of German Navy records showed that these attacks either did little damage or a U-boat was not on patrol in the area of attack.
1940.
Aircraft from No. 269 Squadron made six separate attacks on German U-boats during February 1940, plus attacks on 8 August. No. 269 Squadron also carried out a number of missions in addition to its maritime patrol duties:
The squadron also began receiving new Lockheed Hudson patrol bombers starting in March 1940, completing the transition on 15 April, while it ceased operating Avro Anson aircraft as of 1 June. By 15 July, No, 269 Squadron was fully operational with 18 Hudson Mk1 aircraft.
1941.
After a year of operations against enemy shipping from RAF Wick, No. 269 Squadron began transferring to Iceland starting on 12 April 1941, with the last Hudson aircraft arriving on 30 May. The squadron completed its re-deployment to Iceand on 10 July. A detachment of No. 269 Squadron deployed to RAF Reykjavik on 12 December.
On 9 April, six aircraft from RAF Wick bombed the aluminium factory at Hoyanger, Norway. Also during late May, the squadron participated in the pursuit of the German battleship "Bismarck". Aircraft from No. 269 Squadron also made four separate attacks on surfaced U-boats during June. On 6 August, Hudson patrol bombers from No. 269 Squadron escorted USAF fighter aircraft of the 33rd Pursuit Squadron to the Reykjavik airfield after being catapulted off the aircraft carrier . On 16 August, No. 269 Squadron flew twelve sorties escorting the battleship , with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill aboard for the upcoming, top-secret conference with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Aircraft from No. 269 Squadron made four separate attacks on surfaced U-boats during June. Aircraft of the No. 269 Squadron also attacked on 29 August, on 2 September, and and on 14 September, and they were also present during the "Greer" Incident.
On 27 August 1941, Squadron Leader J.H. Thompson of the No. 269 Squadron made RAF history by becoming the only aircraft captain to have a U-boat () surrender to him. Thompson and his navigator/bomb-aimer—Flying Officer John Coleman—were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 23 September 1941.
1942.
Aircraft of the No. 269 Squadron attacked on 14 July, on 23 July, and on 26 July, and on 30 July and 31 July. No. 269 aircraft made eight separate U-boat attacks during August. Six U-boats were attacked during September. was attacked on 3 October. No. 269 Squadron scored its first confirmed U-boat kill by sinking on 5 October.
1943.
No. 269 Squadron attacked four U-boats during January, and Four Hudson aircraft were deployed to the Bluie West One airfield in Greenland on 29 January. No. 269 Squadron attacked three U-boats in April and eight in May, as well as sinking and on 17 May and 19 May, respectively. Six U-boats were attacked in June, and No. 269 aircraft sank on 5 July. Three U-boats were attacked in August. was sunk on 27 September, and was attacked. was attacked on 3 October, was severely damaged, and sank on 5 October.
On 13 December, No. 269 Squadron began its temporary transfer from RAF Reykjavik to RAF Davidstow Moor prior to its 1944 deployment to the Azores. The squadron was re-equipped with Supermarine Walrus I and Vickers Warwick I ASRI aircraft, as well as retaining its extant Hudson Mk III patrol aircraft. The squadron also received Miles Martinet I aircraft for target-towing purposes. This transfer was completed on 8 January 1944,
1944 - 1946.
No. 269 Squadron completed its deployment to RAF Lagens in the Azores with its Hudson Mk IIIA, Martinet, Walrus and Spitfire Mk V aircraft. The short-range aircraft were launched off the escort aircraft carrier . Later in October, some Warwick aircraft were added to the squadron. For the rest of the war it flew air-sea rescue missions, as well as meteorlogical and target towing sorties. Following the end of World War II, No. 269 Squadron was disbanded on 10 March 1946.
Cold War.
No. 269 Squadron was reformed at North Front, Gibraltar on 1 January 1952 from part of No. 224 Squadron and moved on 24 March to moved to RAF Ballykelly, Ulster, as a maritime reconnaissance unit equipped with Avro Shackleton patrol bombers. No. 269 Squadron participated in a number of military exercises, including Exercise Encompass in January 1956 and Operation Mosaic in February 1956, as well as NATO's Operation Strikeback in September 1957. On 1 December 1958 the squadron was re-numbered as No. 210 Squadron. On 22 July 1959, No 269 Squadron reformed at RAF Caistor as a Thor Missile Squadron in Bomber Command as part of the Thor Missile Force based at RAF Hemswell. No. 269 Squadron was disbanded on 24 May 1963.
Aircraft.
The following aircraft were assigned to No. 269 Squadron during its operation service arranged in chronological order:

</doc>
<doc id="19109141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109141" title="Ben Abbey">
Ben Abbey

Benjamin Charles "Ben" Abbey (born 13 May 1978) is an English footballer. He had spells in the Football League with Oxford United, Southend United and Macclesfield Town.
Abbey joined Division Two club Oxford United from Crawley Town in September 1999 for a fee of £30,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19109147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109147" title="Michael Hübner">
Michael Hübner

Michael Hübner (born April 8, 1959 in Chemnitz) is a German former professional sprint track cyclist, who became world champion in sprint, Keirin and team sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="19109149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109149" title="2005 Scottish League Cup Final">
2005 Scottish League Cup Final

The 2005 Scottish League Cup Final was played on 20 March 2005 at Hampden Park in Glasgow and was the final of the 58th Scottish League Cup. The final was contested by Rangers and Motherwell. Rangers won the match 5–1, with goals from Maurice Ross, Fernando Ricksen, Nacho Novo and a double from Sotirios Kyrgiakos.
The match was popularly known as "The Cooper Final", in honour of Davie Cooper, who was a prominent player for both clubs. Cooper had died almost 10 years to the day before the 2005 League Cup Final was played.

</doc>
<doc id="19109160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109160" title="Michael Hubner">
Michael Hubner

Michael Hubner (born 12 August 1969) is a retired German footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19109163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109163" title="Hungarian Communion of Friends">
Hungarian Communion of Friends

The Hungarian Communion of Friends (Hungarian: "Magyar Baráti Közösség", abbreviated as "MBK")) is a non-profit corporation organized for the purpose of promoting and supporting independent, non-denominational religious life in the Hungarian tradition, charitable work by and among people of Hungarian extraction, and cultural-educational endeavors that further established Hungarian values. It is one of the most important Hungarian organization in the United States with a branch in Europe.
The organization was founded in 1967 by Louis Elteto and Andrew Ludanyi.
http://www.mbk.org/
http://www.itt-ott.org/
http://www.itt-ott.org/conference - English

</doc>
<doc id="19109176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109176" title="Kastri, Evrymenes">
Kastri, Evrymenes

Kastri (, pron. "Kastrí", from the Medieval Greek word for "small castle" or "watchtower") is a village of the unit of Evrymenes, Zitsa municipality, Epirus, NW Greece. Until 1950 it was named "Siutista", a name still in use by the local people.
Location - Demographics.
Kastri lies 43 km northwest of Ioannina through a local road connected to the E92/E90 route (Ioannina - Igoumenitsa). Built at an elevation of 800 metres, it is the highest village of Mount Kassidiaris.
According to the 2001 census the permanent inhabitants are 63 persons distributed in twenty households; yet the actual number differs from the statistics. The number of the all-year-round inhabitants does not exceed that of 20, whatsoever. Nevertheless, this number rises after Eastertide, when some retired former villagers travel from their residence in Athens or Ioannina to their village to spend the summer period. This results in a significant increase in the number of Kastri's residents, often exceeding 100 during the August summer vacation period.
History.
Kastri was founded by Souliotes fugitives as "Siutista" in the early 19th century; probably named after the adjacent mountain Kassidiaris, called Siutista at the time. The exact year is unknown, but it must have been soon after Ali Pasha conquered Souli (1803). The British topographer William Martin Leake mentions the village as "Shútista" in the 4th volume of "Travels in Northern Greece", published in 1835, but saves no further information about it.
Monument of that first period is the monastery consecrated to the Dormition of the Theotokos, situated at the northern edge of the village; today only the temple of the monastery survives. In the past it had also been asylum for people suffering from mental disorders.
Typically the villagers of Kastri have always been stock-breeders. They also used to cultivate small amounts of corn, onion and vegetables for domestic use, since the mountainous soil was infertile for large scale farming. After the Second Balkan War and the annexation of Epirus in the Greek State (Treaty of Bucharest, 1913) the families were offered small arable properties in the nearby valley of Upper Thyamis, which previously belonged to Ottoman institutions ("chifliks").
The civil war of 1946-1949 triggered the first wave of immigration, when members of the defeated Democratic Army fled to the Eastern Bloc. This was followed by a second long-lasting wave in the following decades, during which most of the villagers immigrated to Athens or West Germany.
The EEC subventions in the 80's provided some financial support for the few remaining inhabitants to keep on living in the village. At the same period, the connection with the rural road and electricity network encouraged some emigrant families to build houses in their fatherland for use in the summer months.
Sightseeings.
The winding asphalt roadway driving to Kastri offers "amazing view above the valley of Upper Thyamis as far Tymfi (...) such that otherwise only alpinists can enjoy". Moreover, a footpath starting from the village leads to the highest peak of Kassidiaris (1329 m).
The only sightseeing inside the village is the Temple of Dormition. Around the temple is held each year the traditional festival of the village (14–16 August) organised by the "St. George Brotherhood", the fellowship of those born in or descended from Kastri. Another local celebration is the feast of St. George, who is considered as the village's patron saint.

</doc>
<doc id="19109199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109199" title="Bretz, West Virginia">
Bretz, West Virginia

Bretz, West Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19109229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109229" title="Molista">
Molista

Molista () is a settlement in the Ioannina regional unit in Epirus, Greece. It is situated on the northwestern slope of Smolikas, between the villages Monastiri to the southwest and Gannadio to the northeast. It is part of the municipality of Konitsa. In 2001 its population was 67. The GR-20 (Ioannina - Konitsa - Kozani), the old road is approximately 5 km west. The village was formerly known as "Messaria" (Μεσσαριά). The village is uninhabited during the winter months.
History.
It is unknown when the village was founded. In the area around 3,000 years old lekythoi containing ashes have been found by archeologists. This may indicate that the first inhabitants were Molossians. Others claim that the village was settled later, during the Byzantine times ir the 17th century. Molista was part of the Ottoman Empire until 1913, when it came to Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19109267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109267" title="Monarch Branch">
Monarch Branch

The Monarch Branch was a branch of the Denver & Rio Grande Western which left the narrow gauge transcontinental route at Poncha Junction a few miles west of Salida, Colorado. The narrow gauge branch built in the 1880s served Colorado Fuel & Iron limestone quarry at Monarch, Colorado. The upper part of the Branch was on a 4.5% grade and included a double switch back to gain elevation to over . In 1956 with the decline of narrow gauge operations out of Salida the line was converted to standard gauge. In 1982 Colorado fuel & Iron closed its blast furnaces at Pueblo and the branch was abandoned.
While the branch was operating it saw a daily train. In later narrow gauge days it the train was worked by K-36s or K-37s. The stone was loaded into narrow gauge wooden gondola cars the stone would be transferred to standard gauge gondola cars via a purpose built rotating 'barrel' at Salida. Once the branch was converted to standard gauge it was worked with 4 axle GP9s and in later days GP30s, GP35s and GP40s. 6 axle SD9s were tested on the branch but derailed due to the tight curves. Diesels assigned to the branch were given modified dynamic brakes to cope with the 4.5% grades.

</doc>
<doc id="19109275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109275" title="1966 Chatham Cup">
1966 Chatham Cup

The 1966 Chatham Cup was the 39th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with 17 regional associations holding separate qualification rounds. The winners of each of these qualification tournaments, along with the second-placed team from Auckland, qualified for the competition proper. In all, 91 teams took part in the competition, 32 from the South Island and 59 from the North Island. Note: Different sources record different numbers for the rounds of this competition, with some confusion caused by differing numbers of rounds in regional qualification.
The 1966 final.
The final was the first since 1962 to feature no Auckland teams. Rangers had the stronger of the two finalist sides, with strong players such as goalkeeper Peter Whiting and brothers Les and Barry Taylor. In a gritty but largely uninspiring final, Western had most of the play, coming close to scoring on several occasions, with one goal disallowed and another shot hitting the woodwork. As the game progressed Rangers came into their own, taking the lead through a Les Taylor shot which hit the upright before ricocheting into the net. The ball had been the result of a parried clearance by Western keeper David Smith of a Stef Billing header.

</doc>
<doc id="19109318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109318" title="2008 Rally New Zealand">
2008 Rally New Zealand

The 2008 Rally New Zealand was the eleventh round of the 2008 World Rally Championship season. The event was based on the northern island of the country near the city of Hamilton. The stages were run on gravel roads characterised by their pronounced camber, which gives them a fast flowing nature. They are also known for their picturesque qualities. The rally ran between 28 August and 31 August. Sébastien Loeb won his forty-fourth WRC rally, and his eighth of the season, in a dramatic event, where Mikko Hirvonen came third after being passed in the latter stages of the rally. Daniel Sordo, like Loeb, also driving for Citroën, claimed 2nd place. After the event Loeb had an eight point lead over Hirvonen in the drivers championship with four events remaining.
Event.
Heavy rain in the build up before the event forced a change to the itinery, with the 43 km Waitomo stage having to be split into two due to a landslip. Despite the poor weather before the event Matthew Wilson still believed the first car would be at a disadvantage, thus making team tactics - as seen at Turkey - more likely.
After Gigi Galli's accident in Germany, François Duval was called up by Stobart Ford to replace him as an approach to two time world champion Marcus Grönholm failed to lure him out of retirement.
Day one.
Despite sweeping the roads for the other competitors, and a big moment when he nearly rolled his car during the very first stage, Loeb was just 0.7 seconds behind Hirvonen going into the penultimate stage of the day. With road positions for day two being decided at the end of this stage, rather than at the short Super special stage at Mystery Creek, Hirvonen was expected to intentionally drop behind Loeb to ensure a better starting position. Loeb then suffered a starter motor problem which meant he couldn't start at his alloted time. With Hirvonen now effectively running first on the road, he was unable to play the tactical game and therefore ended day one in front, and as road sweeper for day two. When questioned after the stage, Loeb denied any suggestion of tactics - citing the thirty second time penalty he picked up for starting the stage late - "Do you really think I'd give away that much time?" Hirvonen agreed that Loeb seemed to have a genuine problem. Jari-Matti Latvala also tried to improve his starting position but although falling behind Loeb, he managed to stay ahead of Dani Sordo by 0.1 second - despite backing off before the end of the stage. Behind the two factory Ford and Citroën drivers was Duval, who was just under ninety seconds off the lead. Urmo Aava was in sixth, Petter Solberg in seventh with Suzuki driver PG Andersson enjoying a trouble free run in eighth place. Drivers who weren't so lucky included Henning Solberg - who lost seven and a half minutes with power steering problems, Matthew Wilson - who suffered gearbox problems and had to retire for the day after SS4, the same stage as Subaru driver Chris Atkinson - who rolled his car halfway through the stage
Day two.
Loeb used his starting position to close on Hirvonen throughout the day. After taking seven seconds out of his lead on the first stage of the day, Loeb took over the lead on stage twelve. With only one stage left to run on the day Loeb was 4.2 seconds clear - below his target time of a twenty second lead. With this in mind he slowed down at the end of Te Akau North to let Hirvonen back into the lead. Latvala was able to help Hirvonen by finishing ahead of him on time and to start the final day in front. With Sordo keeping close to the pace of the other leaders, there was only a sixteen second gap between the first four drivers. Behind the leading pack, the points positions remained the same as on day one. The most noteworthy performance came from Henning Solberg, who used his advantageous road position to claim four stage wins on his climb back up the leaderboard.

</doc>
<doc id="19109319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109319" title="SAFE (organisation)">
SAFE (organisation)

SAFE (Save Animals From Exploitation) is a New Zealand animal rights advocacy group. The group's purpose is to oppose practices of perceived unnecessary animal exploitation and experimentation. SAFE actively campaigns against current intensive pig and chicken farming practices. SAFE is also opposed to duck shooting, live sheep exports, genetically engineering animals and vivisection on beagles and other animals.
SAFE evolved out of an Auckland branch of the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection. This group was renamed Save Animals from Experiments in 1972 and renamed again to Save Animals from Exploitation in 1987. The organisation has around two thousand members, is governed by a National Executive Committee and has approximately one thousand volunteers from inside and outside the organisation. There are SAFE offices in Christchurch and Auckland, and a further fifteen branches around the country. As a SAFE is a charity entirely dependent on donations, most activities incorporate collections and there is a SAFE street appeal every year in the weekend before Christmas.
SAFE is affiliated with the Royal New Zealand Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, World Society for the Protection of Animals, Animals Australia, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, Compassion in World Farming and the Humane Society of the United States. It also has affiliations to animal rescue groups such as Open Rescue.
SAFE is also non-partisan or cross-partisan. SAFE has received support from Auckland mayor John Banks and Mike King, former politician Tim Barnett, actress Robyn Malcolm and Sue Kedgely from the Green Party. Leading up to the 2008 General Election, SAFE's Animal Welfare Policy Survey 2008 rated the country's political parties' animal welfare policies. SAFE Campaigns Director Hans Kriek declared that "the Green Party was a shining light having by far the best and most comprehensive animal welfare policy of any party in New Zealand". Ratings higher than 0 out of 10 were also given to United Future, the Maori Party and the National Party. This could be construed as an endorsement of the Green Party, or of the National Party above the Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19109366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109366" title="Alfred Rolfe (headmaster)">
Alfred Rolfe (headmaster)

The Reverend Alfred James Rolfe (20 December 1870 - 19 December 1941) was an Englishman who emigrated to Australia to pursue a career as a clergyman and teacher, rising to become headmaster of Malvern School in Sydney.
Rolfe was one of seven siblings, the youngest son of James Rolfe and his wife Ellen Pilcher. James Rolfe's piano business was not prospering, and in 1879 he arranged for his son Alfred to be 'clothed' at Christ's Hospital. Alfred left the school in 1887 and began his studies for the Anglican ministry. In 1889 he emigrated to Australia, where in 1893 he was deaconed for the Newcastle Diocese. However, the following year he was suspended from his ministry by the bishop, for reasons which remain unclear. He turned to schoolmastering, for which he quickly demonstrated a remarkable aptitude. He taught in Parkes in rural New South Wales, and in 1897 founded his own small school in Bega, where he met and married Beatrice Ashdown in 1898. The marriage was a happy one, and the couple had five children.
In 1904, Rolfe began a nine-year stint as headmaster of Wolaroi Grammar, now Kinross Wolaroi School, in Orange. In 1908 he was at last ordained to the Anglican priesthood. After a time at St Peter's College in Adelaide, he became acting headmaster of Barker College in Sydney before founding his own school, Malvern School, in Hunters Hill, again in Sydney. He was headmaster of Malvern from 1915 until his death in 1941.
One of Rolfe's elder brothers was the writer Frederick Rolfe, who corresponded regularly with his younger brother and the principal protagonist of whose novel "The Desire and Pursuit of the Whole" is represented as having written a novel named "Sebastian Archer", based on Alfred Rolfe's life in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19109381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109381" title="Lake Guindon">
Lake Guindon

Lake Guindon is the name of a lake in Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs, Quebec. It is also the name of the community near the lake, and the former name of a post office there, which was subsequently renamed Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs.

</doc>
<doc id="19109418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109418" title="Coat of arms of Burnaby">
Coat of arms of Burnaby

The coat of arms of Burnaby was granted originally to the Corporation of the District of Burnaby by the Canadian Heraldic Authority in 1991, and then reconfirmed for the City of Burnaby in 2005 as the Corporation's successor. The grant included the full coat of arms as well as a flag and a badge, both derived from the arms.
History.
Incl previous versions
Description.
"Descriptive; full blazon in infobox"
Crest
Issuant from a mural coronet Argent masoned Gules charged with fraises in fess Gules a demi lion Gules armed and langued Azure bearing between the forepaws a staff Or flying a banner of the Arms
Shield
Azure on a Canadian fess wavy Or an eagle displayed Azure armed and tufted Argent charged on each wing with a fountain
Supporters
On a grassy compartment Vert dexter a stag Or gorged with a collar of rhododendron flowers Gules sinister a doe Or with a like colla
Motto
BY RIVER AND SEA RISE BURNABY

</doc>
<doc id="19109420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109420" title="Coat of arms of Barrie">
Coat of arms of Barrie

The coat of arms of Barrie was granted by the College of Arms on 1 March 1977. The grant included the full coat of arms as well as a flag and a badge, both derived from the arms. The city registered the arms with the Canadian Heraldic Authority on 20 January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19109422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109422" title="Coat of arms of Abbotsford, British Columbia">
Coat of arms of Abbotsford, British Columbia

The coat of arms of Abbotsford, British Columbia, was granted by the Canadian Heraldic Authority on 25 October 1995. The grant included the full coat of arms as well as a flag and a badge, both derived from the arms.
History.
Incl previous versions
Symbolism.
Crest
Shield
Compartment
Supporters
Motto
Other Elements

</doc>
<doc id="19109444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109444" title="Jake Records">
Jake Records

Jake Records is an independent record label.
History.
Jake Records is a Las Vegas based independent record label. The company was founded in Seattle in January 2008 by entertainment industry executive Scott Thomas. His extensive work in radio and music production lead to the creation of the label, when he realized that major labels were taking less chances on new and underdeveloped talent. With recent advances making audio production more accessible to artists everywhere and the rise of digitally distributed music, Thomas felt that some of the cost-prohibitive barriers to running a successful record label had been removed. The company has grown considerably since its beginnings. The label relocated to Las Vegas, in July 2009.
The first artist signed to the label was Northern California based rapper and radio personality Jiggy. His debut album "Jiggy" was released by the label in March 2008. The album initially had steady sales and the first single, "Irresistible" received airplay on dozens of radio stations.
Shortly after the release of the Jiggy album, Thomas reunited with longtime friend Shock G, front-man for the multi-platinum group Digital Underground. The group was signed to the label, and released their final studio album "..Cuz A d.u. Party Don't Stop!" in May 2008, which has had strong physical unit and digital sales. Two singles were chosen from the album, "Cali Boogie" and "Blue Skyy," both of which received very light west coast airplay, though the latter was featured during a nationally syndicated interview. In October 2008 the label re-released the 2004 solo album from Shock G "Fear Of A Mixed Planet" as a "Bonus Edition" with two new tracks. In May 2010, the label released another Digital Underground project, "The Greenlight EP" featuring several previously unreleased songs. The EP was met with critical success, and hailed as a positive "goodbye" release for the group, which has been disbanded since 2008. The EP was marketed as the final collection of unreleased songs. Notably, the EP features a live version of the group's hit "Same Song" which features a young Tupac Shakur prior to his rise to fame.
In July 2008, Jake Records signed longtime Digital Underground tour mates Element. Their "Variety Pak" album released in December 2008. Also in October 2008, the label announced its first imprint project, taking on distribution and marketing for Killer Groove, Inc. the production company founded by Hip Hop pioneer Almighty Kay Gee of The Cold Crush Brothers. The first release under that partnership was the debut album "Unexpected" from renowned Reggae/Dancehall producer Dainjamental, which hit stores in March 2009. Digital Underground protégé BINC has been signed to the label since 2009, and has released several singles including the San Francisco Bay Area hit "We So On." His debut album, entitled "200X" was released in January 2011. 
The label has produced several specialty releases including the instrumental series "Beats For Ballers" and the acclaimed 2008 compilation album "Westside Bugg Presents... The Best Of The West" which featured tracks from Jake Records artists alongside well known west coast artists including The Conscious Daughters and Saafir. A compilation album entitled "Hip Hop Xplosion" was released as a digital-only release in April 2010, and featured several Jake Records artists along with several up and coming rappers. In a February 2011 interview, Thomas said the label was working on a new specialty release series called "Unsigned Grind" which will feature unsigned Hip Hop artists from around the country, though no specific release date was given.
The company was named a 2009 finalist in the American Business Awards. The label continues to grow and expand its operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19109457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109457" title="Fredericton Fire Department">
Fredericton Fire Department

Fredericton Fire Department is the Fire Department for the City of Fredericton, New Brunswick. It has been serving Fredericton since 1817, and has 118 employees.
Recently the Department has made a move into social media and can be followed on Twitter and their Facebook Page.
On Twitter they are known as #Cityfredfire.
On Facebook pages as Fredericton - Fire Department / Service d’incendie

</doc>
<doc id="19109467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109467" title="2008 Detroit Sports Car Challenge">
2008 Detroit Sports Car Challenge

The Detroit Sports Car Challenge presented by Bosch was the ninth round of the 2008 American Le Mans Series season. It took place at the Belle Isle temporary street circuit, Michigan on August 30, 2008.
Report.
Andretti Green Racing scored their first overall victory, as well as the second overall victory for the Acura program. Audi failed to win the LMP1 category for the first time all season after one car crashed and the other was disqualified for a rule infraction. Intersport Racing, the lone remaining LMP1 competitor, earned the class win. Flying Lizard managed to finish the race with all three of their Porsches in the top four in GT2 to help extend their lead over the Tafel Racing Ferraris, while Corvette Racing easily led the GT1 category.
This race marked the first time since the debut of the Porsche RS Spyder at the 2005 Monterey Sports Car Championships that Porsche failed to finish in a podium position in the LMP2 class; the Acuras of Highcroft Racing and de Ferran Motorsport completed the LMP2 and overall podium behind the Andretti Green Acura, and ahead of the #7 Penske Racing Porsche in fourth.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - The #1 Audi Sport North America entry was disqualified after the car failed post-race technical inspection. The car was under the minimum weight requirement for its class.

</doc>
<doc id="19109493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109493" title="D&amp;RGW K-37">
D&amp;RGW K-37

Denver & Rio Grande Western K-37s are 2-8-2, Mikado type, narrow gauge steam locomotives. They were originally built by Baldwin as part of an order for thirty standard gauge 2-8-0, Consolidation type, locomotives, class 190, in 1902. They were renumbered into class C-41 during the railroad's reorganization in 1924 and were converted to three foot gauge in 1928-30 at the railroad's Burnham Shops with many new parts including new frames and smaller drivers. They were then renumbered into class K-37.
The locos worked out of Salida, Colorado to Gunnison, Colorado and up the Crested Butte Branch as well as the Monarch Branch. The locos also worked out of Alamosa, Colorado to Antonito over Cumbres Pass to Chama and on to Durango and the Farmington Branch. Like the K-36s the locos were not permitted West of Gunnison or on the Silverton branch. However, the Silverton branch has since been upgraded to take K-36s.
Of the eight preserved K-37s, only #497 has been operational, both on the Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad and on the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad but it is now awaiting a major overhaul.
Although the K-37s are actually about 2% lighter than the K-36s, they have proven to be much harder on track. Although the D&S originally owned four of the K-37s, they found that the longer engines were too hard on their track, so they traded #497 to the C&TS for K-36 #482 and #499 to Royal Gorge Park in Canon City for #486.

</doc>
<doc id="19109497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109497" title="2003 Scottish League Cup Final">
2003 Scottish League Cup Final

The 2003 Scottish League Cup Final was played on 16 March 2003 at Hampden Park in Glasgow and was the final of the 56th Scottish League Cup. The final was contested by Celtic and Rangers. Rangers won the match 2–1, thanks to goals from Claudio Caniggia and Peter Løvenkrands. John Hartson missed a penalty kick late in the game that would potentially have taken the match into extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="19109554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109554" title="Kana Kawakami">
Kana Kawakami

Kana Kawakami (川上佳奈 "Kawakami Kana", born August 20, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player.

</doc>
<doc id="19109583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109583" title="Dyspontium">
Dyspontium

Dyspontium () was an ancient town in Pisatis. It was situated in the plain between Elis and Olympia, north of the river Alpheus and not far from the sea. It has been identified with the modern village Skafidia. It was destroyed by the Eleans. According to local legend, the town was founded by Dysponteus, son of Oenomaus.

</doc>
<doc id="19109591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109591" title="James Stewart, Earl of Arran">
James Stewart, Earl of Arran

Captain James Stewart, Earl of Arran (died 1595) was created Earl of Arran by the young King James VI, who wrested the title from James Hamilton, 3rd Earl of Arran. He rose to become Lord Chancellor of Scotland and was eventually murdered in 1595.
Career.
He was the second son of Andrew Stewart, 2nd Lord Ochiltree, by his wife Agnes, the daughter of John Cunningham, 5th of Capringtoun, Ayrshire. Stewart's sister, Margaret, was married to the reformer John Knox.
In April 1573, James was sent as a 'pledge' or hostage to England for the security of the English army and artillery sent to the 'Lang Siege' of Edinburgh Castle. (The Castle was held by supporters of Mary Queen of Scots). Regent Morton gave him £55 for his expenses in England. He was Captain of the Royal Guard of James VI.
James was a follower of Esmé Stewart, and in January 1580 he accused the former Regent Morton, still the effective power in Scotland, of participation in the murder of Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley. Stewart was rewarded as Tutor of Arran, with powers over the earldom of the mentally-ill James Hamilton, 3rd Earl of Arran, then made Earl of Arran on 22 April 1581.
In July he married Elizabeth Stewart, the divorced former wife of the King's great-uncle, Robert Stewart, once Earl of Lennox and now Earl of March. Elizabeth, the Countess of Arran, born 1549, was the daughter of John Stewart, 4th Earl of Atholl. 
Esmé Stewart was made Earl, then Duke of Lennox, and he and Arran became partners in government.
The Lennox-Arran administration.
The government of Scotland by Lennox and Arran, and their correspondence with France and Spain, made them unpopular in England and with the "ultra-Protestant" sector at home, although the young King greatly admired Lennox and enjoyed his company.
The Ruthven raid.
In August 1582 Lennox and Arran held the Privy Council at Perth, and then returned to Dalkeith Palace near Edinburgh. James VI was invited to stay hunting in Perthshire, and he was taken at Huntingtower Castle by the Earl of Gowrie and his political faction on 22 August 1582, a kidnap known as the Ruthven Raid. The next day they gave the King their supplication or mandate, which stated;We have suffered now about the space of two years such false accusations, calumnies, oppressions and persecutions, by the means of the Duke of Lennox and him who is called the Earl of Arran, that the like of their insolencies and enormities were never heretofore born with in Scotland. Arran went to Huntingtower and was arrested by the raiders. Lennox was sent in exile to France and died. Gowrie ran Scotland for ten months, after issuing an indictment against Lennox and Arran that included the detail that the Countess of Arran was "a vile and impudent woman, over famous for her monstrous doings, not without suspicion of the devilish magical art." Arran was permitted to attend some council meetings to bolster support for the new regime.
The Arran supremacy.
Arran regained power in July 1583, an ascendancy that would last for two years, and the Ruthven Raiders and their followers were banished to Newcastle upon Tyne. After May 1584, he was always recorded first in the lists of those attending the Scottish Privy Council. Arran acted against the Presbyterian wing of the Scottish church, and the banished lords of the Ruthven Raid, who had returned to assault Stirling Castle. The role of his wife in the administration also attracted the censure of Edinburgh Kirk ministers.
Arran's rule was undermined in part by the machinations of his own diplomat in London, the young Master of Gray. By February 1585, Elizabeth opened two lines of communication in Scotland, one with Arran and another with the Master.
Arran fell from power after a border incident when the Englishman Francis Russell, son of the second Earl of Bedford, was killed with a "shot from a dag" on 27 July 1585. Arran was accused of involvement by the English ambassador, Nicholas Wotton and James VI on first hearing the news had offered to send Arran as a prisoner to England. Instead Arran was imprisoned at St Andrews Castle and then placed in house arrest at his own Kinneil House. He was unable to prevent the Banished Lords of the Ruthven Raid returning from England and seizing Stirling Castle on 4 November 1586. Avoiding plans for his banishment, he spent the rest of his life in retirement in Ayrshire. He was murdered by Sir James Douglas of Parkhead, nephew of Regent Morton, on December 5, 1595.

</doc>
<doc id="19109602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109602" title="2004 Scottish League Cup Final">
2004 Scottish League Cup Final

The 2004 Scottish League Cup Final was played on 14 March 2004, at Hampden Park in Glasgow and was the final of the 57th Scottish League Cup. The final was contested by Hibernian and Livingston. Livingston won the match 2–0, thanks to goals from Derek Lilley and Jamie McAllister.
Livingston entered administration a few weeks before the final, with the players being informed the day before they won their semi-final match against Dundee. Six players left the club immediately, but the first team squad was largely left intact ahead of the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19109606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109606" title="Tom Langmyer">
Tom Langmyer

Tom Langmyer (Thomas E. Langmyer), is an American broadcasting executive and author. He is currently Vice President, News/Talk Programming for Journal Broadcast Group, a position he assumed in 2013.
Broadcasting career.
Langmyer began his broadcasting career in on-air roles and other capacities in his hometown of Buffalo, New York at WBEN/WBEN-FM and WJYE-FM and at WJJL-AM in Niagara Falls, NY and at stations in Grove City, PA and Youngstown, OH. He worked in roles at WGR-AM/FM in Buffalo, including airborne traffic pilot and reporter. He also worked on the air in Pittsburgh, PA at WTAE. In 1986, he left Buffalo for Syracuse, NY, where he served as operations director of WSYR and WYYY-FM for six years.
Langmyer moved to KMOX Radio St. Louis, MO in 1992, ultimately becoming VP/General Manager in 2003. He also served as National Vice President of News/Talk Programming for KMOX’s parent company, CBS Radio. Langmyer’s experience also consists of consulting both music and news/talk radio stations, including New York’s WNEW.
From 2005 - 2012, while with Tribune Company, he served as Vice President and General Manager of WGN Radio in Chicago, adding the slogan "The Voice of Chicago." In 2008, he acquired play-by-play rights for the Chicago Blackhawks for the station, which also serves as the flagship for the Chicago Cubs and Northwestern University football and men's basketball broadcasts.
Radio & Records, named Langmyer "General Manager of the Year" in 2009. He serves on the Radio Advertising Bureau/National Association of Broadcasters steering committee, which directs conference programming at the NAB's Annual Radio Show. Langmyer serves on the Board of Directors of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce and is the Vice-Chair of the Illinois Broadcasters Association.
Great Lakes Author.
Langmyer's book, "Lake Erie: History and Views" was published in 2010. The 312-page hardcover book was written to educate readers on the history of Lake Erie and the surrounding region. The account combines narration, factual summaries, historic photographs, engravings, maps, and antique postcards from Langmyer's collection as well as current photographs. Starting with the creation of Lake Erie during the Ice Age, the story describes the lake's discovery by Europeans, the battles for its control, how people settled and developed the region around the lake, and how the population grew along its shores. The "Circle of Cities and Towns" group of chapters, covers the history of most municipalities around the lake. The reader is also taken behind the scenes aboard a 1,000-foot lakeboat, the "Walter J. McCarthy Jr.", on a journey up the Great Lakes.
References.
"Chicago Tribune", Copyright 2013: http://www.chicagotribune.com/topic/wgnam-business-of-sports-guest-tom-langmyer-wgn-gm-vp,0,5269708.story
"Chicago Tribune", WGN Radio's Tom Langmyer Named Radio & Records General Manager of the Year: http://www.chicagotribune.com/wgnam-langmyer-gm-year-photo,0,1587939.photo
"Gedunk" (Grove City College Alumni Magazine), Focus on Media and Publishing, Fall 2007: http://www.clingcomm.com/images/GeDUNK_Media.pdf
"Chicago Sun-Times", Business: http://www.suntimes.com/business/15916557-420/wgn-am-chief-forced-out-report.html 
"Lake Erie: History and Views" (website for the book, Lake Erie: History and Views, which chronicles the history of the Lake Erie region in the U.S. and Canada): http://www.LakeErieHistory.com
"NAB Radio Show", NAB/RAB Show Steering Committee: http://www.radioshowweb.com/2011/sessions/participantbio.asp?id=25836 
"Grove City College Alumni News", Alumni honored for achievements at Homecoming: http://www.gcc.edu/Alumni_honored_for_achievements_at_Homecoming.php
"Inside Radio", Tom's Terrific Triumphs: http://ftp.media.radcity.net/ZMST/insideradio/interviews/Langmyerarticle05-30.pdf
"Radio Ink", Langmyer: WGN Is A 'Real Radio Station': http://www.radioink.com/HeadlineEntry.asp?hid=139302&pt=todaysnews

</doc>
<doc id="19109626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109626" title="Aya (given name)">
Aya (given name)

Aya is a female name with multiple meanings in different languages. Aya (あや, アヤ) is a common female Japanese given name meaning "design", "art" or "beautiful". Aya is also an Arabic female name written as آية meaning "sign", "miracle", or "verse." A'ya is also in use in the Hebrew language and means "to fly swiftly" or "bird".
In Old German, Aya means "sword".
There are several alternative spellings including Ayah and Aiya.
There is also an African Adinkra symbol called an Aya, which is a fern. It is a symbol of endurance and resourcefulness.
In the Raute language of Nepal, Aya refers to one's sister-in-law, meaning the wife of one's elder or younger brother. The word's origin comes from Proto-Tibeto-Burman "’ay" (alternate form "yay") meaning "mother".
Possible writings in Japanese.
Aya can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19109675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109675" title="Endless Ages">
Endless Ages

Endless Ages was a computer game of the massively multiplayer online first person shooting genre with elements of role play, such as character classes, quests, an auction system-based economy and a player-versus-player combat system. When released for beta in Spring 2001 it was the first multiplayer online game to merge first person shooting and role-playing. The game had its full commercial release on July 1, 2003.
Originally developed and owned by Aaron Boucher and his independent Avaria Corporation, the game was sold as part of a game engine licensure agreement with Rapid Reality Studios, a now defunct game developer who tried to improve it by creating a sequel named "Phylon". The sequel did not have a very good reception, and in July 2007 the game went off-line. In May 2008 a former "Endless Ages" player and an investor, doing business as Digital Motion Entertainment, acquired the rights to the game and re-released it in something similar to its gold version, calling it "Endless Ages Reborn".
Back-story.
"Endless Ages" takes place after you die—and begin to inhabit planet Iia *[(EYE-uh,) a takeoff of Jupiter's moon Io,] a world where all beings from all worlds, places and time end up. Because a few minutes on Iia is the same as hundreds of years in our time weapons, architecture, magic, technology, and even creatures that have been extinct to the world now coexist. 
Unlike most MMOs, "Endless Ages" doesn't have a cohesive, fully articulated back-story. The game lore basically is about the four races; human male and female, amphibians and bloblics all vying independently of each other for control of the various worlds against the monsters, known as Mobs, of which there are hundreds who roam the land and guard their territory.
Worlds.
One of the main features of "Endless Ages" is the vast amount of land which can be explored by the user. Many worlds exist, and all differ from each other. The worlds vary from being large islands, to treacherous caves, labyrinths and many more. There are also sub-worlds; small zones with a few dangerous and rare creatures.
Most worlds have protected areas. In such areas, players cannot harm other players. They also cannot loot another player's possessions. In previous versions there were some buildable areas, where users could purchase and build their own houses. Houses allow users to place items in storage as well as placing some items for sale. The houses effectively form user-created towns, and market areas. The current licensee has been unable to restore the player owned-house feature.
Races.
There are Four Races that inhabit Planet IIA, all of which serve a valuable purpose - to survive.
Amphibian.
As a race that implements the regimen of nature, Amphibians live in the tranquility of a natural habitat, building temporary domiciles which blend into trees or caves. They are suspicious beings to a fault and are very well at hiding from view. As a race that implements the regiment of nature, other creatures within the realm are inevitably drawn to them as friends or guardians. They have the ability to dominate the minds of different creatures while devising a methodical connection with them. Above all others, Amphibians are stealthy and elusive. Standing at an average of 3 feet, they can easily evade stronger enemies and have a unique talent for eluding attention.
Female.
The female possesses majestic, beauty and gracious talent, however take heed not to underestimate these beings. Deriving from the planet Earth, the female gender seeks an imperial state of existence. They retain great knowledge in Crafting skills and Magical Arts due to an extensive training. Unpredictable in their ventures, these individuals are acutely intelligent and incredibly swift. They are known for prolonged endurance and a forceful nature. Heroic in a sense, females are versatile and steady in all traditions. The average height is 5.5 feet and weight of 125 pounds.
Male.
This generation of humanity is robust and well educated, originating from the planet earth. The males you find in this realm are of high caliber, physically and mentally. Geared for war, they are elite and accelerate in the development of Engineering skills, which can be used in Melee Arts. Conquering kingdoms of war, victory lies within these natural born leaders. They are clever in political affairs and exploit human principles on an intellectual level. The average male stands at a height of 6.5 and weighs about 200 pounds.
Bloblic.
The Bloblic race is the most antagonistic of all inhabitants within the Omnir Galaxy. They reign with immoral vitality and utmost greed in their home world, Malia. The sheer mention of the Bloblics sends fear through all those who are against this species. Bloblics are known as mercenaries by trade. They are astute in developing weapons of mass destruction and gain skill quite rapidly. These marauders are focused combatants that fight at frantic paces and are not very graceful to observe. Due to their size and nature, these beings can sustain more injury than any other race. They are hulking figures to gaze at, standing at an average of 12.3 feet and weighing approximately 1200 pounds.
Skills.
"Endless Ages" has a wide variety of skills. The different races will also find certain skills easier or harder to master. For example, Bloblics are greatly disadvantaged in hiding, unlike the Amphibians.

</doc>
<doc id="19109690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109690" title="System Deployment Image">
System Deployment Image

A System Deployment Image (aka SDI) is a file format used primarily with Microsoft products to contain an arbitrary disk image, including boot sector information.
Description.
The System Deployment Image (SDI) file format is often used to allow the use of a virtual disk for startup or booting. Some versions of Microsoft Windows allow for "RAM booting", which is essentially the ability to load an SDI file into memory and then boot from it. The SDI file format also lends itself to network booting using the Preboot Execution Environment (PXE). Another usage is hard disk imaging.
The SDI file itself is partitioned into the following sections:
SDI usually contains either Disk BLOB (HD cloning or temporary SDI) or three other of them (bootable SDI).
Windows Vista or Windows PE 2.0 boot sequence includes boot.sdi file, which contains Part BLOB for empty NTFS volume and Table-of-Contents slot for WIM image, which is stored actually not inside the SDI, but in separate on-disk file.
SDI features.
SDI driver.
SDI files can be mounted as virtual disk drives and assigned a drive letter if an SDI driver is available to allow this. A SDI driver is a type of storage driver and is commonly used with Windows XP Embedded.
SDI management.
Microsoft provides a tool called the "SDI File Manager" (sdimgr.exe) which can be used for the purpose of manipulating SDI files. Some of the tasks which this tool facilitates are:
SDI loader.
The mechanism which allows for the creation, addition and removal of virtual disk drives. SDI Loader and Driver work with Disk BLOB.

</doc>
<doc id="19109706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109706" title="Siege of Kusong">
Siege of Kusong

The Siege of Kusong which occurred in 1231 was a decisive Goryeo victory against the Mongol Empire. After the Mongol army crossed the Yalu river, it quickly captured almost all of Goryeo's border defenses. The Mongol army however ran into stiff resistance both at Anju and the city of Kusong. 
To take Kusong, Sartaq used a full array of siege weapons to bring down the city's defenses. Lines of catapults launched both boulders and molten metal at the cities walls. The Mongols deployed special assault teams who manned siege towers and scaling ladders. Other tactics used were pushing flaming carts against the city's wooden gates and tunneling under the walls. The most grisly weapon used during the siege were fire-bombs which contained boiled down, liquefied human fat. 
According to an old Mongol general who, toward the end of the siege said:
Despite the fact the Goryeo army was heavily outnumbered and after over thirty days of brutal siege warfare, Goryeo soldiers still refused to surrender and with mounting Mongol casualties, the Mongol army could not take the city and had to withdraw.

</doc>
<doc id="19109708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109708" title="Yamaha Zuma 125">
Yamaha Zuma 125

The Yamaha Zuma 125 is a scooter introduced by Yamaha Motor Company in September 2008. It is a 125 cc version of its smaller 49cc cousin, the Zuma. Outside the United States it is known as the Yamaha BW's Fi 125.
Model information.
The body design of the Zuma 125 is similar to the Zuma in respect to its overall form and dual headlight configuration. Its size is slightly larger, and it includes a metal bracket around the headlights. The Taiwanese, Japanese and South American models have stacked front lights with a single headlight. The bulbs used are HS1 styled halogen lights.
It is intended as a street-bike, with the capacity for handling light off-road conditions such as unpaved roads. Many of the design components like the steel frame, wide tires, oiled-type air filters, robust shocks, and front/rear off-road-style brush deflectors were included to facilitate both riding conditions.
Engine.
The engine is a 123 cc 4-stroke SOHC 4-valve with 10:1 compression. The fuel injection system is similar to the ones installed on most Yamaha bikes, and uses a 24mm injector. The exhaust manifold comes equipped with an O2 sensor. The rated power output is close to . After the break in period, the Zuma 125 can achieve a maximum speed of around .
This same engine (minus the fuel injection) is also used in Yamaha's Cygnus-X scooter. There is currently an established aftermarket with numerous parts that allow the engine to be enlarged up to 287 cc. Depending on driving style and riding conditions, the Zuma 125's fuel economy is around .

</doc>
<doc id="19109739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109739" title="Russ Hodge">
Russ Hodge

Russell ("Russ") Arden Hodge (born September 12, 1939) is an American track and field athlete, world record holder in decathlon (1966-1967), Olympic competitor from 1964, and silver medalist from the Pan American Games (1971). 
Track and field career.
Hodge competed at the 1963 Pan American Games in São Paulo, where he finished 4th in decathlon. He competed in decathlon at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he placed ninth. In July, 1966 he set a world record in "decathlon" at a competition in Los Angeles, with 8,230 points, a record which lasted until May, 1967. Hodge received a silver medal in decathlon at the 1971 Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia with a score of 7314, behind winner Rick Wanamaker. 
He finished fourth in the AAU National Championship in decathlon in 1963 and in 1964, and second in 1965 and 1966. In 1970 he finished second again, as he did in 1971, after a close race with Rick Wanamaker.
Hodge did not compete at the Olympics after 1964. He became injured before the U.S. trials both in 1968 and 1972, and again in 1976.
Family.
Hodge is son of Alice Arden, who competed in high jump at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, where she finished equal ninth in the women's high jump event. 
His father Russel "Rusty" Hodge was a semi-professional basketball player, playing center for the Liberty Emeralds.
Awards.
In August 2003, both Hodge and his mother were honoured with the Sullivan County Historical Society "History Maker" award. They are the only mother-son Olympians in the United States' olympic history.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19109759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109759" title="Davide Rigon">
Davide Rigon

Davide Rigon (born August 26, 1986 in Thiene, Vicenza) is an Italian racing driver.
Career.
Starting out in Formula BMW ADAC in 2003, he progressed to the Italian Formula Renault Championship and Italian Formula Three. He won the Formula Azzurra title in 2005, and finished second in Italian Formula Three the following year.
In 2007, Rigon won the Euroseries 3000 championship, winning three races. He also raced for Italy in the 2007–08 A1 Grand Prix season. In 2008, he competed in the GT2 class of the FIA GT Championship for BMS Scuderia Italia, and also in International Formula Master, while also racing for Beijing Guoan in the inaugural 2008 Superleague Formula season. Guoan were rated amongst the outsiders for the title, but Rigon defied that and led them to the championship, with three wins.
During the off-season, Rigon joined up with Trident Racing to compete in the fourth round of the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season in Qatar. He scored his first points in the series, with a seventh at the penultimate race in Bahrain. He followed that up with a third in the final race, as he finished 17th in the championship.
He continued with the team into the 2009 GP2 Series season, but was replaced after four rounds by Rodolfo González despite outpacing team-mate Ricardo Teixeira all season. He did however return for the Hungarian rounds of the championship, and remained with the team for the rest of the season. He returned to Superleague Formula, but with the Olympiacos CFP team instead of Beijing Guoan. He reclaimed the championship in 2010 whilst driving for the R.S.C. Anderlecht team.
Rigon returned to the GP2 Series for 2011 with the Coloni team. During the first round of the season, at Istanbul Park, he was involved in a crash with Julián Leal and suffered multiple fractures to his tibia and fibula. He was replaced by compatriot Kevin Ceccon, and later Luca Filippi, and was restricted to 29th in the championship as a result of his injury.
Rigon switched to sports car racing in 2012, and joined Kessel Racing for the Blancpain Endurance Series. In the 2013 season, he won at Monza and ended fourth in the Pro Cup with teammates Daniel Zampieri and César Ramos. Also in 2013, he drove in four rounds of the FIA World Endurance Championship with 8 Star Motorsports, also in a Ferrari 458 Italia. He got a win and two second place finishes, helping the team to win the GTE-Am class championship. The Italian also won two races out of four in the International GT Open partnering with Andrea Montermini in a Scuderia Villorba Ferrari.
Rigon will drive a GTE-Pro class Ferrari F458 Italia for AF Corse full-time for the 2014 FIA World Endurance Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19109767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109767" title="7.5 cm Gebirgsgeschütz 36">
7.5 cm Gebirgsgeschütz 36

The 7.5 cm "Gebirgsgeschütz" 36 (7.5 cm GebG 36) was a German mountain gun used during World War II. At least 1,193 were built between 1938 and 1945. It was the standard light gun of the German mountain divisions, both Army and "Waffen-SS", during World War II.
Development and description.
The "7.5 cm GebG 36" was designed by Rheinmetall to meet an Army requirement for a 7.5 cm howitzer to serve in the mountain divisions ("Gebirgs Divisionen") and replace the World War I-era mountain guns still in service like the Austro-Hungarian "7.5 cm Gebirgskanone 15". Production began in 1938 although exactly how many were produced that year is unknown. Some 1,193 were built between 1939–45.
The design of the "7.5 cm GebG 36" was relatively conventional in regard to the gun itself, with its standard German horizontal sliding breech block and muzzle brake. To maximize its ability to fire at high-angles, it was given rear trunnions to lengthen the distance between the breech and the ground although springs became necessary to balance the muzzle preponderance. Furthermore, it used the a variable recoil system that shortened the recoil as the elevation increased. The breech was uncommonly massive as it incorporated a transport joint to allow it to be separated from the barrel.
The spades at the end of the split trail legs were removable. Generally it used light-alloy disc wheels with rubber rims, but early guns had wooden-spoked wheels. No shield was fitted to save weight. It could be towed in one load or broken down into eight pack-loads to be carried by mule or horse. It weighed .
Because of its lightness the "7.5 cm GebG 36" would jump when fired at low angles as the recoil forces would force the gun's trail spades to act as a fulcrum and lever the wheels upwards. In fact Charge 5, the largest propellant increment, was forbidden to be fired at angles under 15° because the gun would jump excessively. Firing at higher angles was perfectly safe as the ground absorbed any residual recoil forces not absorbed by the recoil system.
Ammunition.
The "7.5 cm GebG 36" fired a wide variety of ammunition, with the notable exception of a conventional armor-piercing shell. It used instead a unique hollow-charge armor-piercing shell that weighed with a maximum range of . It had its own high-explosive shell, but could also fire that used by the "7.5 cm FK 18" as well. When the situation demanded, it could fire a colored smoke shell. It used four increments of propellant which were added together to reach the desired range. A fifth charge could be used which replaced all the other charges for targets at the limit of the gun's range. While this range was respectable for a light gun, the 7.5 cm calibre soon proved too small for the demands of World War II.
Organization.
The guns were organized into batteries of four guns each with two or three batteries per battalion. A mountain artillery regiment ("Gebirgs-Artillerie Regiment") would have anywhere from one to three battalions equipped with the "7.5 cm GebG 36".

</doc>
<doc id="19109770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109770" title="Northern California Folk-Rock Festival (1969)">
Northern California Folk-Rock Festival (1969)

The Northern California Folk-Rock Festival was a music festival held at Santa Clara County Fairgrounds in San Jose, California on May 23–25, 1969. It was the second such festival held at the venue, following the Northern California Folk-Rock Festival (1968).
The festival featured The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Jefferson Airplane, The Chambers Brothers, Led Zeppelin, Eric Burdon, Spirit, Canned Heat, Buffy Sainte-Marie, The Youngbloods, Steve Miller, Chuck Berry, Muddy Waters, Taj Mahal, Noel Redding, Lee Michaels, Blues Image, Santana, Aum, Elvin Bishop, Poco, People!, Lynn County, The Loading Zone, Sweet Linda Divine, Cat Mother, Doc Watson & New Lost City Ramblers.

</doc>
<doc id="19109771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109771" title="Aragonese Wikipedia">
Aragonese Wikipedia

The Aragonese Wikipedia (or Biquipedia) is the Aragonese language edition of the Web-based free-content encyclopedia Wikipedia. The project was started on 21 July 2004. As of 31 October 2010, this edition has over 22,900 articles and is the 71st largest Wikipedia by number of articles. The Aragonese Wikipedia is classified in the 4th place of Wikipedias by articles per population.
History.
After its foundation on 21 July 2004, the Aragonese Wikipedia reached 1,000 articles on 30 December 2005 after the creation of an article about Panama City and its community produced a special logo to commemorate the event.
The community of Aragonese-speaking Wikipedians issued a special commemorative logo for their 5,000th article (which was about the Aragonese monastery San Juan de la Peña) on 29 December 2006.
On 21 August 2008 the Aragonese Wikipedia community celebrated its 10,000th article (which was about the Sant Per de Ciresa monastery in the Aragonese municipality of Valle de Hecho) by producing a special logo.
The Aragonese Wikipedia reached 20,000 articles on 3 April 2010 after the creation of an article about Mesegar de Tajo.
On 16 March 2011 the Aragonese Wikipedia community celebrated its 25,000th article (which was about the Sibirana castle) by producing a special logo.

</doc>
<doc id="19109785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109785" title="Northern California Folk-Rock Festival (1968)">
Northern California Folk-Rock Festival (1968)

The Northern California Folk-Rock Festival was a music festival held at Santa Clara County Fairgrounds in San Jose, California, on May 18–19, 1968. It was the first of two such festivals held at the venue, being followed by the Northern California Folk-Rock Festival (1969).
The festival featured Country Joe and the Fish, The Animals, Jefferson Airplane, The Doors, Big Brother and the Holding Company featuring Janis Joplin, The Youngbloods, Electric Flag, Kaleidoscope, Taj Mahal, and Ravi Shankar. And although not mentioned in the promotional material, Grateful Dead also performed.

</doc>
<doc id="19109794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109794" title="Newsline (magazine)">
Newsline (magazine)

Newsline is a monthly English current affairs magazine published from Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It was started in July 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19109795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109795" title="Sultanate of Agadez">
Sultanate of Agadez

The Sultanate of Agadez (var. Sultanate of Aïr) is a traditional polity of the Aïr region centered in the city of Agadez, at the southern edge of the Sahara Desert in north central Niger. It was founded in 1449 by the Tuareg, then conquered by the Songhai Empire in 1500. After the defeat of Songhai in 1591, the sultanate regained independence. It suffered a steep decline in population and economic activity during the 17th century. It was conquered by the French in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="19109824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109824" title="AFR sensor">
AFR sensor

The AFR sensor is an air-fuel ratio sensor that is slowly replacing (or supplementing) the Zirconium oxygen sensor (O2 sensor) in modern motor vehicles. 
Background.
Zirconia oxygen sensor.
The early introduction of the oxygen sensor came about in the late 1970s. Since then Zirconia has been the material of choice for its construction. The Zirconia O2 sensor produces its own voltage, which makes it a type of generator. The varying voltage will display on a scope as a waveform somewhat resembling a sine wave when in closed loop control. The actual voltage that is generated is a measure of the oxygen that is needed to complete the combustion of the CO and HC present at the sensor tip. The stoichiometric air-fuel ratio mixture ratio for gasoline engine is the theoretical air -to- fuel ratio at which all of the fuel will react with all of the available oxygen resulting in complete combustion. At or near this ratio, the combustion process produces the best balance between power and low emissions. At the stoichiometric air-fuel ratio, the generated O2 sensor voltage is about 450 mV. The Engine Control Module (ECM) recognizes a rich condition above the 450 mV level, and a lean condition below it, but does not detect the extent of the richness or leanness. It is for this reason that the Zirconium O2 sensor is called a “narrow-band” O2 sensor.
Titanium oxygen sensor.
The Titanium O2 sensor was used throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s on a limited basis. This sensor’s semiconductor construction makes its operation different from that of the Zirconium O2 sensor. Instead of generating its own voltage, the Titanium O2 sensor’s electrical resistance changes according to the exhaust oxygen content. When the air/fuel ratio is rich, the resistance of the sensor is around 950 Ohms and more than 21 Kilohms when the mixture is lean. As with the Zirconium sensor, the Titanium O2 sensor is also considered a narrow-band O2 sensor.
Narrow-band sensor.
As mentioned before, the main problem with any narrow-band O2 sensor is that the ECM only detects that the mixture is slightly richer or leaner than the stoichiometric ratio. The ECM does not measure the operating air-fuel ratio outside the stoichiometric range. In effect it only detects that the mixture is richer or leaner than stoichiometry. An O2 sensor voltage that goes lower than 450 mV will cause a widening of injector pulse and vice-versa. The resulting changing or cycling fuel control (closed-loop) O2 signal is what the technician sees on the scope when probing at the O2 sensor signal wire.
Modern sensors.
The newer “wide-band” O2 sensor solves the narrow sensing problem of the previous Zirconium sensors. These sensors are often called by different names such as, continuous lambda sensors (lambda representing air-fuel ratio), AFR (air-fuel ratio sensors), LAF (lean air-fuel sensor) and wide-band O2 sensor. Regardless of the name, the principle is the same, which is to put the ECM in a better position to control the air/fuel mixture. In effect, the wide-band O2 sensor can detect the exhaust’s O2 content way below or above the perfect air/fuel ratio. Such control is needed on new lean burning engines with extremely low emission output levels. Tighter emission regulations and demands for better fuel economy are driving this newer fuel control technology.
Construction and operation.
The wide-band O2 sensor looks similar in appearance to the regular Zirconium O2 sensor. Its inner construction and operation are totally different, however. The Wide-band O2 sensor is composed of a dual inner layer called “Reference cell” and “Pump cell”. The ECM’s AFR sensor circuitry always tries to keep a perfect air/fuel ratio inside a special monitoring chamber (Diffusion Chamber or pump-cell circuit) by way of controlling its current. The AFR sensor uses dedicated electronic circuitry to set a pumping current in the sensor’s pump cell. In other words, if the air/fuel mixture is lean, the pump cell circuit voltage momentarily goes low and the ECM immediately regulates the current going through it in order to maintain a set voltage value or stoichiometric ratio inside the diffusion chamber. The pump cell then discharges the excess oxygen through the diffusion gap by means of the current created in the pump-cell circuit. The ECM senses the current and widens injector pulsation accordingly to add fuel.
If on the other hand the air/fuel mixture goes rich, the pump cell circuit voltage rapidly climbs high and the ECM immediately reverses the current polarity to readjust the pump cell circuit voltage to its set stable value. The pump-cell then pumps oxygen into the monitoring chamber by way of the reversed current in the ECM’s AFR pump-cell circuit. The ECM detects the reversed current and an injector pulsation-reduction command is issued bringing the mixture back to lean. Since the current in the pump cell circuit is also proportional to the oxygen concentration or deficiency in the exhaust, it serves as an index of the air/fuel ratio. The ECM is constantly monitoring the pump cell current circuitry, which it always tries to keep at a set voltage. For this reason, the techniques used to test and diagnose the regular Zirconium O2 sensor can not be used to test the wide-band AFR sensor. These sensors are current devices and do not have a cycling voltage waveform. The testing procedures, which will be discussed later, are quite different from the older O2 sensors.
Comparison with mass airflow sensor.
The AFR sensor operation can be thought of as being similar to the hot wire Mass airflow sensor (MAF). But, instead of an MAF hot wire, the ECM tries to keep a perfectly stoichiometric air/fuel ratio inside the monitoring chamber by varying the pump cell circuit current. The sensing part, at the tip of the sensor, is always held at a constant voltage (depending on manufacturer). If the mixture goes rich, the ECM will adjust the current flowing through the sensing tip or pump cell circuit until the constant operating voltage level is achieved again. The voltage change happens very fast. The current through the pump circuit also pushes along the oxygen atoms either into, or out of, the diffusion chamber (monitoring chamber) which restores the monitoring chamber’s air/fuel ratio to stoichiometry. Although the ECM varies the current, it tries to maintain the pump circuit at a constant voltage potential.
Testing.
As the ECM monitors the varying current, a special circuit (also inside the PCM (Power-train Control Module) converts the current into a voltage value and passes it on to the serial data stream as a scanner PID. This is why the best way to test an AFR sensor’s signal is by monitoring the voltage conversion circuitry, which the ECM sends out as an AFR-voltage PID. It is possible to monitor the actual AFR sensor varying current, but the changes are very small (in the low milliamp range) and difficult to monitor. A second drawback to a manual AFR current test is that the signal wire has to be cut or broken to connect the ammeter in series with the pump circuit. Today’s average clamp-on ammeter is not accurate enough at such a small scale. For this reason, the easiest (but not the only) way to test an AFR sensor is with the scanner.
By using a scanner to communicate with the ECM, one can view AFR sensor activity. This data is typically displayed as WRAF, A/F, or AFR sensor voltage. However, on some vehicles and scanners it will show up as "lambda" or "equivalence ratio." If the PID displays a voltage reading, it should be equal to the sensor's reference voltage when the air/fuel mixture is ideal. The reference voltage varies from car to car, but is often 3.3v or 2.6v. When the fuel mixture becomes richer (on a sudden, quick acceleration), the voltage should decrease. Under lean conditions (such as deceleration) the voltage should increase.
If the scanner PID displays a "lambda" or "equivalence ratio," the reading should be 1.0 under stoichiometric conditions. Numbers above 1.0 indicate a lean condition while numbers below 1.0 indicate rich mixtures. The ECM uses the information from the sensors to adjust the amount of fuel being injected into the engine, so corresponding changes in the short-term fuel trim PID(s) should also be seen. Lean mixture readings from the AFR sensor will prompt the ECM to add fuel, which will manifest itself as a positive (or more positive) short-term fuel trim percentage.
Some technicians will force the engine to run lean by creating a vacuum leak downstream from the mass airflow sensor, and then watch scanner PIDs for a response. The engine can be forced rich by adding a metered amount of propane to the incoming airflow. In either case, if the sensor does not respond, it likely has a problem. However, these tests do not rule out other circuitry problems or ECM issues. Because an AFR sensor can be relatively expensive (up to $400 U.S dollars), a professional diagnosis is recommended.
Operating temperature.
Another major difference between the wide-band AFR sensor and a Zirconium O2 sensor is that it has an operating temperature above 1200°F (649°C). On these units the temperature is very critical and for this reason a special pulse-width controlled heater circuit is employed to control the heater temperature precisely. The ECM controls the heater circuit.
Advantages.
The wide operating range coupled with the inherent fast acting operation of the AFR sensor puts the system always at stoichiometry, which reduces a great deal of emissions. With this type of fuel control, the air/fuel ratio is always hovering close to 14.7:1. If the mixture goes slightly rich the ECM adjusts the pump circuit’s current to maintain the set operating voltage. The current is detected by the ECM’s detection circuit, with the result of a command for a reduction in injector pulsation being issued. As soon as the air-fuel mixture changes back to stoichiometry, because of the reduction in injector pulsation, the ECM will adjust the current respectively. The end result is no current (0.00 amperes) at 14.7:1 air-fuel ratio. In this case a light negative hump is seen on the ammeter with the reading returning to 0.00 almost immediately. The fuel correction happens very quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="19109840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109840" title="Kirsty Duncan">
Kirsty Duncan

Kirsty Ellen Duncan (born October 31, 1966) is a Canadian politician and medical geographer from Ontario, Canada. Duncan is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Liberal Party of Canada in the Toronto riding of Etobicoke North. She is currently an adjunct professor at the University of Toronto and has published a book about her 1998 expedition to uncover the cause of the 1918 Spanish flu epidemic.
Education.
After graduating from Kipling Collegiate Institute in 1985 as an Ontario Scholar, Duncan studied Geography and Anthropology at the University of Toronto. She then entered graduate school at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, and completed a Ph.D. in geography in 1992.
Career.
From 1993 to 2000, Duncan taught meteorology, climatology, and climate change at the University of Windsor. In 1992, as she became increasingly aware of the increasing probability of a global flu crisis, she was led to investigate the cause of the similar 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, saying, "I was horrified we didn’t know what caused flu, and also knew that if we could find fragments of the virus, we might be able to find a better flu vaccine".
Though at the time she "knew nothing about influenza", she began what she called a "six-month crash course in virology". Eventually, she began searching for possible frozen samples of lung and brain tissue that might contain the virus. Her initial thoughts led her to think of Alaska, as it contains large areas of permafrost, which would leave the viruses intact, but the search proved fruitless.
Eventually, after several years of searching, Duncan learned of seven miners who had died from the Spanish flu and were buried in the small town of Longyearbyen, Norway, an area that would contain permafrost. She then began assembling a team of scientists to accompany her. After several more years of preparation, which involved garnering various permissions to perform the exhumations, the ground survey began in 1998. However, the samples were not viable, as the bodies were not in the permafrost, and the expedition ultimately proved a disappointment.
In 2003, Duncan wrote a book about her expedition, entitled "Hunting the 1918 Flu: One Scientist's Search for a Killer Virus". Published by the University of Toronto Press, it details Duncan's process and the expedition itself. After the book's publication, Duncan began speaking about pandemics, which led her to begin teaching corporate social responsibility at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management. In 2008, Duncan published a second book, "Environment and Health: Protecting our Common Future".
Duncan is currently an adjunct professor teaching both medical geography at the University of Toronto and global environmental processes at Royal Roads University, and served on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, an organization that won the 2007 Nobel Prize with Al Gore.
Politics.
In February 2008, Roy Cullen announced that he would not be running in the next federal election, and Duncan was appointed as the next Liberal candidate. She was considered a "significant addition toward Dion's goal of fielding 103 women candidates in the next election."
She was elected in the 2008 general election and re-elected in the 2011 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19109857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109857" title="Andréa Mbuyi-Mutombo">
Andréa Mbuyi-Mutombo

Andréa Mbuyi-Mutombo (born 6 June 1990, in Brussels) is a Belgian football player of Congolese descent who is currently plays as a striker for NK Istra 1961.
Career.
Mbuyi-Mutombo began his career in the youth from R.S.C. Anderlecht, then in 2006 joined FC Brussels. After one year at Strombeek he was scouted and signed for Portsmouth.
Then Mbuyi was sent on loan from Portsmouth to feeder club S.V. Zulte Waregem on 22 August 2008.
He scored on his debut for Waregem, scoring in the 89th minute against KV Mechelen, just minutes after being substituted into the game. He scored yet again in his next match against AFC Tubize.
After only six months, the Congolese midfielder has returned to Portsmouth from S.V. Zulte Waregem, who has played 14 games and scored three goals. Mutombo was supposed to stay in Belgium on loan until June, but the Belgian club officials were not happy with his attitude.
Following his release, he underwent trials at Dutch Eredivisie side NEC Nijmegen. He was linked with moves to Genoa, Sporting Lisbon and Sporting Braga. On 19 June 2009, the 18 year old attacking midfielder joined Standard Liège on a two year deal. On 29 July 2011, Manchester United declared their interest in the player, with the manager Alex Ferguson dubbing him as a player for the future.
On 11 December 2011, Mbuyi-Mutombo moved to Cercle Brugge K.S.V. on a one-year deal.
International.
He was a youth international for Belgium, at under 18 level.
In 2011 he has made his debut for the DR Congo national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19109858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109858" title="Toad River">
Toad River

The Toad River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The Toad River was named for the numerous large toads seen along its banks by fur traders of the early 19th century. John McLeod of the Hudson's Bay Company, who traveled up the river in 1831, wrote: "it derives its appellation from the number of Toads seen along its banks and some are of immense size; I have seen some which weighed upwards of a pound, and the Indians inform me there are some to be seen of a much larger size."
The traditional indigenous name for the river is Tsal-eh-chesi.
Course.
The Toad River flows generally north and northeast, passing through Muncho Lake Provincial Park, to join the Liard River. The Liard River is a tributary of the Mackenzie River, which empties into the Arctic Ocean.
Part of the river flows through the Muskwa-Kechika Management Area.

</doc>
