<doc id="19169651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169651" title="Walter Clun">
Walter Clun

Walter Clun (died August 2, 1664) was a noted English actor of the seventeenth century. His career spanned the difficult period when the theatres were closed during the English Civil War and the Interregnum, from 1642 to 1660.
According to James Wright's "Historia Histrionica" (1699), Clun and Charles Hart were boy players together with the King's Men in the years prior to the theatre closure. Clun was a member of a group of English actors who performed on the Continent, mainly in The Hague and Paris, between 1644 and 1646; he was also one of the former King's Men who tried to restart the company in December of 1648, despite the Commonwealth regime's hostility to theatre. (The effort was not successful.)
In the Restoration era, Clun gained particular notice as the Iago to Nicholas Burt's Othello in the earliest Restoration production of Shakespeare's play in 1660. Clun was among the thirteen actors who were initial sharers in the newly organized King's Company in 1661. In addition to Iago, Clun was strongly associated with the roles of Falstaff, Bessus in Beaumont and Fletcher's "A King and No King", Smug in "The Merry Devil of Edmonton", and Subtle in Jonson's "The Alchemist". He also played Cacafogo in Fletcher's "Rule a Wife and Have a Wife".
Clun may have reached the peak of his career in the title role in Fletcher's "The Humorous Lieutenant"; the King's Company played that drama for twelve days straight when they opened the lavish new Theatre Royal in Drury Lane in 1663. If so, his peak did not last for long: Clun was killed during a robbery near Kentish Town on the night of August 2, 1664. He was wounded in the arm by the thieves, bound hand and foot, and left in a ditch to bleed to death. Samuel Pepys, who had a strong admiration for Clun's acting, visited the spot of the murder three days after it occurred. He also reminisced in his Diary about Clun's skill onstage. (Pepys criticized Michael Mohun, the actor who took over the role of Iago, for not being as good in it as Clun had been.)
After Clun's death, an anonymous verse elegy was published in his memory. The poet reminds his readers that Clun's performances in female roles a quarter-century earlier had "made us weep, at seeming sorrow swell, / To see and hear like truth a fiction fell."
John Aubrey mentioned Clun in his famous "Brief Lives". Aubrey wrote that "Ben Jonson had one eye lower than the other, and bigger, like Clun, the player; perhaps he begot Clun."

</doc>
<doc id="19169666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169666" title="Korouni dialect">
Korouni dialect

Korouni (), is a Southern Kurdish dialect of Fars and Kurdistan.
Koruni is a Kurdish tribe of Kurdistan and Fars. Most of the tribe was transplanted from Kurdistan to Fars by Karim Khan Zand during the 1760s.
The speakers of Korouni live in scattered pockets in Southern Iranian Fars province around Shiraz, Sepidan and Kazerun. The succeeding information is about the dialect spoken around the latter two cities.
Phonology.
The transcription used here is only an approximation:
Grammar.
Nouns.
čerâγ (lamp) → čerâγ-aka (the lamp)
melâl (child) → melâl-i (a child)
sif (apple) → sif-al-aka (the apples)<br>
orsi (shoe) → orsi-y-al-aka (the shoes) ('y' is used if noun ends in vowel)

</doc>
<doc id="19169688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169688" title="Retegno">
Retegno

Retegno is a small town within the municipality of Fombio, Lombardy, Italy.
History.
Retegno had been "Imperial Baronia" and a Fief of Trivulzio family.

</doc>
<doc id="19169720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169720" title="Pratápolis">
Pratápolis

Pratápolis is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 8,653 people living in a total area of 214 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1943. 
Location.
The city center of Pratápolis is located at an elevation of 735 meters in the southwest of the state, a short distance west of regional center, Passos. For the most part the terrain is hilly with the maximum elevation reaching 1,012 meters. Neighboring municipalities are: Cássia (N, Itaú de Minas and Fortaleza de Minas (E), São Sebastião do Paraíso (S and SW), and Capetinga (W).
Temperatures.
Distances
Economic activities.
Services, small industrris, and agriculture are the main economic activities. The city has a cement factory: CCPI - Companhia de Cimento Portland Itaú. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$54 million, with 3 million reais from taxes, 32 million reais from services, 5 million reais from industry, and 14 million reais from agriculture. In the industrial sector there were 74 small industries employing 148 workers (2005). There were 400 rural producers on 2,000 hectares of land. There was also modest poulty production. Approximately 1,000 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, beans, and corn. There were 17,000 head of cattle, of which 2,000 were milk cows (2006). 
There are 2 banks (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 1,751 automobiles, 146 trucks, 124 pickup trucks, 10 buses, and 444 motorcycles (2007). 
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 2 health clinics and 1 hospital with 5 beds (2005). Educational needs of 1,900 students were attended to by 4 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$230.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19169733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169733" title="Li Kui (chancellor)">
Li Kui (chancellor)

Li Kui (李揆) (713 – May 17, 784), courtesy name Duanqing (端卿), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Suzong.
Background.
Li Kui was born in 713, at the start of the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. He was from a prominent clan that, by Li Kui's time, was domiciled in Zheng Prefecture (鄭州, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan) but which traced its ancestry to a line of prominent officials of Northern Wei, who in turn traced their ancestry to Li Fan (李翻), a son of Li Gao, the founder of the Sixteen Kingdoms state Western Liang. (The Tang Dynasty imperial clan also traced its ancestry to Li Gao, through Li Gao's second son and successor Li Xin.) After Northern Wei, Li Kui's ancestors served as officials of Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty. Li Kui was said to be intelligent, dextrous, and studious in his youth, and he was capable in writing.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
Toward the end of Emperor Xuanzong's "Kaiyuan" era (713–741), Li Kui passed the imperial examinations and was made the sheriff of Chenliu County (陳留, in modern Kaifeng, Henan). After he submitted his writing to Emperor Xuanzong, Emperor Xuanzong, apparently impressed, issued an edict allowing him to work at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng") on a trial basis. He was subsequently made "You Shiyi" (右拾遺), a junior official at the legislative bureau, and then successively served in the higher offices of "You Bujue" (右補闕) and "Zhuzuo Lang" (著作郎) at the legislative bureau, and then as "Zhi Zongzi Biaosu" (知宗子表疏), the official in charge of receiving and acting on submissions from members of the imperial clan at the ministry of imperial clan affairs (宗正寺, "Zongzheng Si"). Later, he was promoted to be "Sixun Yuanwai Lang" (司勳員外郎), a junior official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Libu"), and then the higher office of "Kaogong Langzhong" (考功郎中) at the ministry of civil service affairs, in charge of evaluating the officials' performance. He was also involved in drafting edicts for Emperor Xuanzong. After the general An Lushan rebelled in 755 and forced Emperor Xuanzong to flee to Jiannan Circuit (劍南, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan), Li Kui accompanied Emperor Xuanzong to Jiannan and was made "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng, however, did not follow him to Chengdu and instead fled to Lingwu, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong), an act that Emperor Xuanzong recognized when he heard the news. After Emperor Suzong recaptured and returned to Chang'an in 757, his wife Empress Zhang became a dominating figure at court. She wanted her son Li Zhao (李佋) the Prince of Xing, who was only several years old at that point, to be made crown prince. Emperor Suzong, however, was instead considering his oldest son Li Chu the Prince of Cheng, who had contributed much to his campaigns to recapture Chang'an and the eastern capital Luoyang. Emperor Suzong consulted Li Kui and stated to him, "The Prince of Cheng is the oldest and had accomplished much. I want to create him crown prince. What do you think, sir?" Li Kui got up and bowed to Emperor Suzong, stating: "This is great blessing to the state. I am uncontrollably happy." Li Kui's comments affirmed Emperor Suzong's thoughts, and he created Li Chu crown prince in summer 758. In spring 759, when the officials who wanted to flatter Empress Zhang proposed that she be given a special honorific epithet of "Yisheng" (翊聖, meaning, "one who assists the holy one"). When Emperor Suzong consulted Li Kui on whether this was appropriate, Li Kui opposed, pointing out that the only prior instance when such an epithet was given to a living empress was to Empress Wei, the powerful and corrupt wife of Emperor Suzong's granduncle Emperor Zhongzong. After a lunar eclipse — which indicated divine displeasure with the empress — occurred around the same time, Emperor Suzong tabled the proposal.
By this point, Li Kui also had the additional office of deputy minister of rites (禮部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"). He was displeased with how the officials in charge of the imperial examinations at the time were making their testing questions test highly obscure facts, and he believed that this led to the selection of examinees who were not necessarily talented or capable in writing. He therefore, at the examinations, made the Confucian classics, histories, and qieyun references available to the examinees for them to look through the books during examination. He was much praised for this reform. It was also said that Li Kui was handsome in appearance and capable in rhetoric. Emperor Suzong once told him, "You, sir, are the highest grade in your clan's prominence, in your appearance, and in your writing.
Also in spring 759, Emperor Suzong, as a part of his reorganization of his chancellors, removed Miao Jinqing and Wang Yu from their chancellor posts and replaced them with Li Kui, Lü Yin, Li Xian, and Diwu Qi. In Li Kui's case, he was given the post of "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau, which was not itself a chancellor post, but given the additional "de facto" chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor. He was also put in charge of editing the imperial history. At that time, there were much banditry within the city of Chang'an itself, and the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo wanted to commission several hundred soldiers from part of the imperial guard corps, the Yulin Army (羽林軍), to patrol the streets at night. Li Kui opposed this, pointing out that the Yulin Army and another part of the imperial guards corps, the Jinwu Guards (金吾衛), which were already responsible for patrolling the streets, served as counterweights to each other, and allowing the Yulin Army to patrol the streets throw the balance out of whack. Emperor Suzong agreed and tabled Li Fuguo's proposal. Nevertheless, it was also said that Li Kui did not dare to offend Li Fuguo, and despite the fact that Li Kui's clan was prominent, he bowed to Li Fuguo whenever he saw Li Fuguo, and referred to Li Fuguo as "Father Five" (五父) (as Li Fuguo was fifth in his birth rank).
As chancellor, it was said that Li Kui was capable and decisive, but that he was also grasping onto fame and fortune, drawing criticism for doing so. He was also criticized for the fact that his brother Li Jie (李楷) was also capable, but during Li Kui's term as chancellor, was stuck at a position that lacked actual power with Li Kui doing nothing about it. Meanwhile, Lü, who was removed from his chancellor position in 760, was sent out to be the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Jingnan Circuit (荊南, headquartered in modern Jingzhou, Hubei) and was gaining a good reputation at the position. Li Kui, who did not get along with Lü while both were chancellor, was concerned that Lü might return to the capital to be chancellor again, submitted an accusation that Lü, who had recently had proposed having eight prefectures added to his circuit, was overly ambitious; Li Kui also sent officials to Lü's circuit to try to find faults with Lü. When Lü reported this to Emperor Suzong, Emperor Suzong, displeased, demoted Li Kui to be the secretary general of Yuan Prefecture (袁州, in modern Yichun, Jiangxi). (Only after Li Kui was demoted was his brother Li Jie promoted.)
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Several years later — therefore, therefore likely under the reign of Li Chu (whose name had been changed to Li Yu at that point), as Emperor Daizong (Emperor Suzong having died in 762) — Li Kui was slightly promoted, to be the prefect of She Prefecture (歙州, in modern Huangshan, Anhui). However, he would soon be trapped by an action from his past. While he was chancellor, Miao Jinqing had once recommended Yuan Zai for promotion. Li Kui, whose own clan was prominent and who looked down on those with humble origins — which was the case with Yuan Zai — refused, and stated to Miao:
This caused Yuan to have much resentment toward Li Kui. As Yuan became a powerful chancellor during Emperor Daizong's reign, he gave Li Kui an honorable post with little power or salary — acting "Mishu Jian" (秘書監), the head of the archival bureau (秘書省) — and then ordered that Li Kui be sent to the region between the Yangtze River and the Huai River, on the excuse that Li Kui was ill and needed to tend to his illness. It was said that because the position lacked salaries and Li Kui lacked savings, his large household became so poor that members even had to beg for food. Li Kui moved from prefecture to prefecture, as he would move whenever the prefect would dishonor him. Only after Yuan was executed in 777 was Li Kui again given a substantive position — the prefect of Mu Prefecture (睦州, in modern Hangzhou, Zhejiang). He later returned to Chang'an to serve as the principal of the imperial university (國子監, "Guozi Jian") and minister of rites (禮部尚書, "Libu Shangshu").
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by his son Li Kuo (as Emperor Dezong). Li Kui continued to serve as minister of rites, but the powerful chancellor Lu Qi was jealous of his reputation and seniority. In 783, after the Tufan emissary Qujiazan (區頰贊) arrived in Chang'an to negotiate a border realignment treaty with Tang and after the treaty was completed, at Lu's instigation, Emperor Dezong made Li Kui emissary to Tufan to escort Qujiazan back to Tufan. Li Kui, then 70, stated to Emperor Dezong, "I do not fear going that far a distance, but I am afraid that I would die on the way and not complete my task." Emperor Dezong, who was saddened by the remarks, told Lu, "Li Kui is too old." Lu responded, "An emissary to a far-away foreign state needs to have a good reputation. Further, if Li Kui, who is this old, is sent as an emissary, then in the future, no official younger than Li Kui would dare to refuse such a task." When Li Kui got to Tufan, its king Trisong Detsen asked, "I heard that there is a Li Kui who is the most able of officials in Tang. Are you that person, lord?" Li Kui was afraid that this meant that Trisong Detsen intended to detain him, and therefore responded, ""That" Li Kui would never be willing to come here." On his way of returning from Tufan in 784, he died at Feng Prefecture (鳳州, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi). He was buried with honor and given the posthumous name "Gong" (恭, meaning "respectful").

</doc>
<doc id="19169758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169758" title="Pimicikamak Cree Nation">
Pimicikamak Cree Nation

Pimicikamak Cree Nation is sometimes used as a name for Pimicikamak, one of the more populous Cree indigenous peoples in Canada. Etymologically, "Pimicikamak Cree Nation" is a polyglot description of this indigenous people, and is not a name.
"Pimicikamak" is the Cree name of an indigenous people whose traditional territory was the drainage basin of the upper Nelson River in what came to be known as Rupert's Land. "Cree" is 18th-Century French slang derived from "the Old Algonkin dialect form "kiristino", which was "the name of an obscure band of Indians who roamed the region south of James Bay in the first half of the seventeenth century". It is an exonym that was not used by the Pimicikamak people to describe themselves. Today, "Crees use the name Cree to refer to themselves only when speaking English or French." "Nation" is an English word. The combination of these three terms describes the Pimicikamak people less accurately than its own name "Pimicikamak".
"Pimicikamak Cree Nation" may be abbreviated as "PCN" referring erroneously to the Cross Lake Band of Indians or Cross Lake First Nation, not to be confused with the Mexican metal band of that name. Pimicikamak is an indigenous people whose origins lie in pre-history; the Cross Lake Band of Indians is a pseudo-corporate legal entity created by the "Indian Act". The Pimicikamak people is governed by four councils under customary law. Cross Lake First Nation is governed by a Band Council under the "Indian Act".

</doc>
<doc id="19169772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169772" title="Sergey Ryzhikov">
Sergey Ryzhikov

Sergey Ryzhikov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19169780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169780" title="Bangalore–Mysore Infrastructure Corridor">
Bangalore–Mysore Infrastructure Corridor

The Bangalore–Mysore Infrastructure Corridor (BMIC) also called NICE road is a proposed 4 to 6 lane private tolled expressway that intends to connect the two important cities of Bangalore and Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka. This is being constructed by Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE) chaired by Ashok Kheny on Build-Own-Operate-Transfer (BOOT) basis.
History.
In conjunction with a 1995 Trade Mission to India sponsored by the then Governor of Massachusetts, William Weld, a memorandum of understanding was signed by Consortium members, Indian officials, including then Karnataka Chief Minister, H.D.Deve Gowda, and U.S. officials, which set the stage for launching the Bangalore Mysore Infrastructure Corridor project. The Consortium, Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE), comprises the Kalyani Group of Companies, VHB International LTD. and SAB International LTD. to develop the Bangalore Mysore Infrastructure Corridor.
The project has been in controversies since the day of planning. The project was suspended temporarily when H. D. Deve Gowda, and H. D. Kumaraswamy, of the Janata Dal, came to power in Karnataka. Deve Gowda alleged that this project is the country's biggest fraud and needs to be stopped.
In October 2012, the Karnataka Lokayukta ordered a probe into several former chief ministers in matters relating to irregularities in land acquisition for the project.
Major Towns.
Mysore,
Srirangapatanam,
Pandavapura,
Mandya,
Maddur,
Channapatana,
Ramanagara,
Kengeri,
Bangalore

</doc>
<doc id="19169796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169796" title="Mouse warping">
Mouse warping

Mouse warping is a facility provided by some window managers that automatically positions the pointer to the centre of the current application window when the application is made current.

</doc>
<doc id="19169797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169797" title="Catherine Levison">
Catherine Levison

Catherine Levison is the author of four books. She is also a public speaker to parenting, homeschooling and educational audiences throughout the United States and Canada. She is also a columnist for The Link magazine. Levison lives with her family in the Puget Sound region of Washington state.
Career.
Levison's workshops, articles, books and seminars are based on her extensive research into the teaching methods and educational philosophies of Charlotte Mason, a British educator from the last century whose techniques are currently receiving renewed interested, especially in American private and home schools.
"Homeschooling and parenting are intertwined in such a way that they can hardly be seen as separate concepts. ... As one overlaps with the other, we find that all parents are home educators to some degree." "~Catherine Levison"
Speaking.
Catherine Levison is a frequent workshop presenter and keynote speaker at homeschooling conventions. She also conducts all-day educational how-to seminars throughout the United States and Canada for parents, teachers, and home educators.

</doc>
<doc id="19169814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169814" title="Thomas Powell (priest)">
Thomas Powell (priest)

Thomas Powell (c.1608 – 31 December 1660) was a Welsh cleric and writer.
Life.
Powell was born in about 1608 Cantref, Breconshire, Wales where his father (John Powell) was the rector from 1601 to 1626. He attended Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1628. He was awarded a BA degree in 1629, with further degrees of MA in 1632 and DD in 1660. He became rector of Cantref in May 1635, having been appointed by his elder brother Hugh, who was the patron. During the English Commonwealth, in 1650, he lost this position and went abroad in exile. In 1654, he sought permission to preach from Jenkin Jones, one of those empowered by Parliament to approve such requests in Wales. He was finally restored to his parish in 1660 and became a canon of St David's Cathedral. He died on 31 December 1660 and is buried in St Dunstan-in-the-West, London. He was said to have been nominated as Bishop of Bristol before his death.
Works.
His writings included a translation from the Italian of "Stoa Triumphans: or Two Sober Paradoxes, I. The Praise of Banishment, II. The Dispraise of Honors" by Virgilio Malvezzi (1651) and a Welsh book, "" (1657) Other manuscript works, including "Fragmenta de Rebus Britannicis, A Short Account of the Lives, Manners, and Religion of the British Druids and Bards", were left in his will to his friend Henry Vaughan.

</doc>
<doc id="19169826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169826" title="Nestea European Championship Tour 2005">
Nestea European Championship Tour 2005

The 2005 NESTEA European Championship Tour (or the 2005 European Beach Volleyball Tour) was the European beach volleyball tour for 2005.
The tour consisted of four tournaments with both genders, including the 2005 Championship Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19169829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169829" title="Deportivo Ocotal">
Deportivo Ocotal

Club Deportivo Ocotal is a Nicaraguan football team playing at the top level. They are located in Ocotal near to the Honduras border.
Rivalries.
"Clásico de las Segovias ".
The club's nearest neighbour is Real Madriz, a rivalry being shared between fans of both football teams.
Curren Squad.
Squad Changes 2014 Clausura.
In:
Out:
Notable players.
Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for Ocotal

</doc>
<doc id="19169830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169830" title="List of lakes of Cambodia">
List of lakes of Cambodia

This is a list of lakes in Cambodia.

</doc>
<doc id="19169849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169849" title="Lisa Young Quartet">
Lisa Young Quartet

The Lisa Young Quartet is a jazz-world music quartet from Melbourne, Australia, led by a vocal artist and composer Lisa Young.
Her quartet with Stephen Magnusson (guitar) Ben Robertson (double bass) and Dave Beck (drums) explores a diverse musical expression. Their most recent work, The Eternal Pulse, is a wordless song-cycle featuring the intoned rhythmic recitation of konnakol, varieties of meter and subdivision, layering Indian elements, rhythmic textures and ensemble dialogue, in an evocative journey of sound and song.
Albums.
Lisa Young Quartet has released four albums: "The Eternal Pulse" (2012/2013), "Grace" (2007), "Speak" (1999) and "Transformation" (1991). On all albums Lisa Young was accompanied with the bass player Ben Robertson, who was also a co-composer on a number of songs.
Awards.
In 2007 the quartet's album 'Grace' won the BELL Award for 'Best Australian Jazz Vocal Album 2007'
In 2012 the quartet's album 'The Eternal Pulse' was a nominated finalists for "Best Australian Jazz Vocal Album" at the Bell Awards.
Lisa Young.
Lisa Young is a prominent musician on the Melbourne jazz scene, known for the use of wordless vocals and the use of voice as an instrument with Konnakol influences (the South Indian vocal percussion technique).
Lisa Young is a creative vocal stylist and improviser, incorporating Indian and African elements in her work. A longtime student of mridangam maestro Karaikudi Mani in Chennai, Lisa specializes in ‘konnakol’ - South Indian vocal percussion. She has studied South Indian music since 1994 both in Australia and India.
She is best known for her work with the Lisa Young Quartet and vocal-percussion ensemble Coco’s Lunch. She is currently completing a PhD in music performance at Monash University where she received the Monash – Pratt Post Graduate Award for her candidature. The song-cycle The Eternal Pulse is the major work created as part of the PhD.
Coco's Lunch.
Young is also a member of an a cappella group, Coco's Lunch, which has recorded six albums of original music. In 2003, Coco's Lunch won the award for 'Best Folk/World Song' at the Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards, in the United States. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2007, Coco's Lunch received nominations in the category 'Best Children's Album' for "Rat Trap Snap" and in 'Best World Music Album' for "Blueprint".
Awards.
Lisa Young was a 2012 Bell Award Finalist in the Category "Best Australian Jazz Vocal Album" for the album "The Eternal Pulse".
Lisa Young was the 2007 Bell Award Winner in the Category "Best Australian Jazz Vocal Album" for the album "Grace".
In 2010 Lisa received the Monash-Pratt Post Graduate Award for her PhD candidature at Monash University.
In 2012 she was awarded the prize for Best Paper at the 2012 Musicological Society of Australia’s Victorian Chapter Conference, for her PhD research presentation ‘The Evolving Nature of Konnakol in Contemporary Performance’.
In 2008 she was awarded a Project Fellowship Grant from the Australia Council for the Arts.
In 2003 her composition ‘Thulele Mama Ya’ (with Coco’s Lunch) won Best Folk/World Song in the Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards in the USA
With Coco’s Lunch she received 2 ARIA Award nominations in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19169864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169864" title="Zohar Bridge">
Zohar Bridge

The Zohar Bridge (, "Gesher Zohar") is a bridge on Highway 90 near the Dead Sea in Israel, and, in terms of sea level, is the lowest bridge on earth. Located 40 meters high above the river bed, it has maximum span of 52 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="19169866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169866" title="Disability etiquette">
Disability etiquette

Disability etiquette is a term describing guidelines dealing specifically with how to approach people with disabilities.
There is no consensus on when this phrase first came into use, although it most likely grew out of the Disability Rights Movement that began in the early 1970s. The concept may have started as a cynical play on existing rule sheets, written for non-disabled audiences, that were seen as patronizing by civil rights activists.
Guidelines.
Most disability etiquette guidelines seem to be predicated on a simple dictate: "Do not assume ..." They are written to address real and perceived shortcomings in how society as a whole treats people with disabilities.
These guidelines can be broken down into the several broad categories.
"Do not assume ...":
Each category encompasses specific "rules." For example, the last two of these would include guidelines such as:
People writing on specific disabilities have given rise to their own unique guidelines. Wheelchair users may, for example, include the rule, "do not grab the push handles of a person's wheelchair without permission." Visually impaired people often list a request to, "identify yourself when you enter a room."
Language.
Like many other minority groups, people with disabilities do not always agree on what constitutes politically correct language. However, see the List of disability-related terms with negative connotations and people-first language.
Conclusion.
"Disability etiquette" exists to draw attention to common assumptions and misconceptions through the provision of guidelines that contradict them. More than that, however, these guidelines are evolving to approximate social etiquette among the non-disabled, in hope that people with disabilities will be treated with "common courtesy." (McGrattan, 2001)

</doc>
<doc id="19169867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169867" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Guadalajara">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Guadalajara

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Guadalajara Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Guadalajara") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Guadalajara or ITESM Campus Guadalajara, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico.
Entrepreneurship Focus.
At the end of the 70’s, the Institute acknowledged the need to instill the entrepreneurial spirit in its graduates as an option to seeking jobs in established businesses. This required a new educational approach that not only presented this panorama, but also provided the necessary skills to succeed.
In 1987, Program Entrepreneur began operating with a group of faculty members and businessmen who, constituted as a committee, guided a group of students in the creation of a business. This program would later become the Entrepreneurship Program, which has given birth to numerous projects that continue to promote the entrepreneur spirit within the community of the Tecnológico de Monterrey. Worth mentioning are the Business Incubators and Accelerators.

</doc>
<doc id="19169874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169874" title="Chita River">
Chita River

Chita (), locally also called Chitinka (Читинка), is a river in Zabaykalsky Krai in Russia. It is 160 km long, and is a tributary of the Ingoda River (in Amur's drainage basin). The river has its sources in the Yablonovy Mountains, and then flows in a south-southwesterly direction, until it joins the Ingoda River in the city of Chita (which has its name from the river).
The river is heavily polluted, particularly from runoff from the city of Chita. In the years following the breakup of the Soviet Union there were also built a large number of holiday houses (dachas) along the river. This, combined with infills and straightening of river bends and other developments in the river bed, has made the river narrower and caused the waterlevels to rise. Because of this the risk of flooding in the spring has increased considerably.

</doc>
<doc id="19169875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169875" title="Oseh Shalom Synagogue">
Oseh Shalom Synagogue

Oseh Shalom is the only synagogue in Laurel, Maryland, and one of 5 Reconstructionist synagogues in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. Members of the community hail from many nearby areas, including Howard County, Montgomery County, Prince George's County, and Anne Arundel County. Oseh Shalom was founded in 1966, and affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement in 1979.
Oseh Shalom is known for its distinctive synagogue building, with its blue "wings" and glowing dome. Weekly Sabbath tefillah (prayer) services, religious school for approximately 150 students, adult education, High Holiday services and numerous other programs occur onsite.
Doug Heifetz became the congregation's second full-time rabbi in August 2006, following the retirement of Gary Fink. Cantor Charles (Charlie) Bernhardt has been with Oseh Shalom since 1983, and publishes CDs of his music.

</doc>
<doc id="19169876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169876" title="Jeugdtour">
Jeugdtour

The Internationale Jeugdtour Assen is the largest youth cycle racing event held in Europe. It has been held annually since 1960 in the city of Assen in the Netherlands. Each year it attracts hundreds of racing cyclists, many of whom go on to success in later years.
Erik Dekker is an example of a well known Dutch cycle racer who started in the Jeugdtour.
In 2009 the Jeugdtour will be associated with the Vuelta a España which is also starting in the city of Assen.
Sources.
http://www.jeugdtourassen.nl/

</doc>
<doc id="19169890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169890" title="Stridsvagn L-5">
Stridsvagn L-5

Stridsvagn L-5 (Strv L-5) was the first tank designed by Landsverk. It was first produced in 1929 as an experimental chassis for a wheeled-and-tracked vehicle. It never entered service and designated the L-5 By its manufacture the prototype remained uncompleted.

</doc>
<doc id="19169900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169900" title="Brandish Corner">
Brandish Corner

Brandish Corner (formerly "Upper-Hillberry Corner" and previously Telegraph Hill) is situated between the 35th Milestone and 36th Milestone road-side marker on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the primary A18 Mountain Road in the parish of Onchan in the Isle of Man.
Brandish Corner was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. The Brandish Corner is part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and Manx Grand Prix Races.
This part of the Mountain Course was named Brandish Corner after Walter Brandish crashed in the right-hand gutter while trying to pass another competitor at Upper Hilberry Corner between Creg-ny-Baa and Hillberry Corner and broke a leg during practice for the 1923 Isle of Man TT Races. During the winter of 2004/2005 road widening occurs at the Windy Corner followed by Brandish Corner during the winter of 2005/2006 by the Isle of Man Department of Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="19169901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169901" title="Ferroniobium">
Ferroniobium

Ferroniobium is an important iron niobium alloy, with a niobium content of 60-70%. It is the main source for niobium alloying of HSLA steel and covers more than 80% of the world wide niobium production. The niobium is mined from pyrochlore deposits and is subsequently transformed into the niobium pentoxide Nb2O5. This oxide is mixed with iron oxide and aluminium and is reduced in an aluminothermic reaction to niobium and iron. The ferroniobium can be purified by electron beam melting or used as it is. For alloying with steel the ferroniobium is added to molten steel before casting. The largest producers of ferroniobium are the same as for niobium and are located in Brazil and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19169914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169914" title="James Anderson (swimmer)">
James Anderson (swimmer)

James Allan 'Jim' Anderson OBE (born 14 April 1963) is a Scottish swimmer.
Swimming career.
Anderson has represented Great Britain at the Paralympic Games on six occasions, in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008 and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He has won six Paralympic gold medals, four at the 2004 Games, in the 50 m, 100 m and 200 m freestyle and the 50 m backstroke events, and two at the 1996 Games in the 50 m backstroke and 100 m freestyle races. He has also set two world records and four European records. He also competed at the 2008 Paralympics in Beijing. He was selected again for the 2012 Paralympics in London, finishing fourth in the S2 class final of the 50m backstroke and eighth in the S2 100m freestyle.
Honours.
In 2004, Anderson was awarded the BBC Scotland Sports Personality of the Year award and was appointed MBE in the 2005 New Year Honours. He was awarded the OBE in the 2009 Birthday Honours.
Personal life.
Anderson has cerebral palsy. He is also a former British Wheelchair Disco champion. He was born in St Andrews, Fife and resides in Broxburn.

</doc>
<doc id="19169917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169917" title="Milliken Gallery">
Milliken Gallery

Milliken Gallery is a Swedish art gallery specializing in emerging and mid-career artists with an international perspective. It was opened in February 2004 by American dealer, Aldy Milliken. 
Milliken Gallery selects exhibitions based on an artist or artwork's conceptual integrity and market-based qualities. It has produced solo exhibitions with Swedish artists such as Felix Gmelin, Kristina Jansson, Lars NIlsson, Tova Mozard, Matti Kallioinen, and Christine Ödlund, and foreign artists including Tris Vonna-Michell, Lisi Raskin, Olav Westphalen, and Karl Haendel. 
The gallery juxtaposes solo shows with group exhibitions to introduce the Swedish public to a variety of artists often seen in Biennales and art fairs internationally. For example, "Face Your Demons" features internationally recognized artists Zsolt Bodoni, Mircea Cantor, Keren Cytter, Jessica Jackson Hutchins, Josiah McElheny, Goshka Macuga, Aleksandra Mir, Alyson Shotz, Magnus Wallin, and Adrian Williams.
While some exhibitions have historic value, (such as the exhibit featuring work by KP Brehmer, a contemporary to Joseph Bueys) others delve into issues surrounding the Visual Arts, exploring ideas like the relationship of Art with Craft and Design. "Simple," curated by writers/artists Dr. Ronald Jones and Laurie Makela, included artists such as Andrea Zittel, Rirkrit Tiravanija, and early 20th century painter Hilma af Klint. Milliken contracts with international writers and curators to make texts for each exhibition as a way to deepen the dialogue with the public and as a response to the diminishing space given to contemporary art in the daily papers. 
Director Aldy Milliken is active in other city-wide cultural events. He was invited by Maria Lind to participate as a filter at the International Artists Studio Program IASPIS and has curated shows at the American Embassy in Stockholm. He is also a founding member of STHLM STHLM STHLM, a group of Stockholm art institutions that organizes local art events for international professionals.
In February 2004,the gallery opened a theater/vitamin factory in central Stockholm. It has 2 exhibition spaces totaling 150 square meters. 
It's commitment to being part of an international dialogue has led it to work with museums and state collections in the Nordic region, Europe, and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19169918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169918" title="Leon Lim">
Leon Lim

Leon Lim (born in Kedah, Malaysia) is an artist, designer and photographer who was schooled in Kedah and Penang and lives in New York City. He has been profoundly deaf since birth and his deafness developed his strong sense of seeing. His independence began at the age of 14 when he started to live alone in Penang. He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Rochester Institute of Technology, New York. He competed in the second season of the Bravo television network's reality television series .
Life and work.
Early life.
In 1992, Lim moved to Penang, Malaysia for high school, Federation School for the Deaf (later known as SMK Pendidikan Khas Persekutuan). Lim graduated from his high school in 1997 took a De Montfort University of United Kingdom program at the Equator Academy of Art in Penang. After more than two years, Lim received a full five-year scholarship to attend Rochester Institute of Technology. While studying at RIT, Lim discovered his passion for design, photography, film and architecture. After his graduation from RIT, Lim settled in New York City.
Early work.
In 1998, Lim created his first sculptural installation, "The Recycled Head Anatomy" with old objects such as bulbs, broken glasses, steel cans, toys, and electronic and plastic media found around the streets of George Town. That sculpture allowed Lim understand about the possibility of transformation and how one cultural object or gesture may turn into another. 
In 1999, Lim reached out to various organizations and newspapers for a grant to do his first art project, "“What is in the Deaf’s Mind?”" with the help of his former teacher, Vicky Teoh. Teoh had spoken to several representatives of the companies by phone for Lim. He received three sponsors, including 500 cans of acrylic colors from the Hai Kuang Sdn. Bhd, a manufacturer of Pelaka paints; old newspapers and grants from the two local newspapers, The Star (Malaysia) and The Sun (Malaysia). Lim directed 80 deaf students of ages 8–16 to make a big canvas by using old newspapers and to paint their faces and bodies to express their own worlds onto canvas.
Recent work.
Lim has been creating works ranging from paintings and sculptures to interior/architectural models and graphic design to multimedia and art installations and photographs. The solo voyager, who has traveled to more than 33 countries worldwide, often explores themes of heritage preservation, social segregation, mortality, interactive communication, and the politics of identity and culture. His voyages inspired his work which is an investigation of the diversity of human expression, built environment, sociological experience, and cross-cultural experience.
In addition to his artistic pursuits, Lim has participated in heritage-conservation research and gave a lecture of "George Town Contemporary" at Penang Heritage Centre, George Town, Penang (Pusat Warisan Pulau Pinang) with the help of Khoo Salma. Also, Lim served as an Art Director and Set Designer in US-based film production for short movies.
Current status.
Lim completed the second season of . To date, he is the first deaf contestant and star in any of the Bravo's vaunted 43 reality shows including "Top Chef", "Project Runway", and "The Real Housewives".
Lim was chosen for Prestige Magazine's November 2011 issue cover for The Art Issue. He was commissioned to create new artwork for two lifestyle magazines; Prestige and Esquire, whose the issues published in November 2011. In addition, his transformative portrait work of Julian Assange, was selected by TIME for its Person Of The Year 2010 edition. 
On July 2010, Lim was commissioned by the Penang State Government, George Town World Heritage Incorporated, and Penang Global Tourism, to create a new site-specific, public art installation, "The Last Chairs" for the George Town Festival 2010 inaugurated in conjunction with the UNESCO World Heritage Site's second anniversary. This exhibition marked Penang’s first public art in its new chapter on Contemporary Art in George Town as well as Lim's first exhibition in his native homeland of Malaysia, after his works have been exhibited in several other countries.
On June 2010, Lim’s art installations, "Silent Story" and "Discommunicativeness" which were exhibited in Washington DC, New York, Seoul and Beijing, were selected again to be part of the inaugural exhibition of the 5th Busan Media Festival in Busan, the second largest city in South Korea. Busan is the home of the Busan Biennale, a well renowned international contemporary art biennale. 
Lim is one of 17 selected artists from New York City, (including Artist Chuck Close) featured in the 2009 calendar for the Mayor of New York City. Bank of America, Bank of America's Disability Affinity Group, Pitney Bowes and Williams Lea donated their time and effort to help make the calendar a reality. 
Lim's multimedia installation has been exhibited internationally at Seoul's Total Museum of Contemporary Art, South Korea in July 2008 and Beijing's CAFA Art Museum, China in August 2009. His works have been exhibited at galleries such as the John F. Kennedy Center, Washington DC, the World Financial Center, New York City, Bevier Gallery, Rochester NY and Gallery R, Rochester NY. 
Lim was commissioned in 2008 to create a permanent art installation, "The 3(656)" for a study lounge in the new center at Rochester Institute of Technology. The installation is an introduction of Lim's inspiration from the unknown history from the dream of building a college to the reality of a college to Lim's arrival. The grand opening of the installation was launched on May 2008. 
In an interview with New Straits Times, Lim said, "People generally cannot see beyond a deaf person's physical handicap. Many of them have hidden talent. All that is required is a little prodding, a push. Give them a little encouragement. They are not as disabled as you might think."

</doc>
<doc id="19169926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169926" title="B3 (band)">
B3 (band)

B3 was an American pop boy band from New York. They were formed in 2001 and were first produced by O-Jay of German dance band Real McCoy. Original members were Timothy Andrew Cruz (2001–2004), John Steven Sutherland (2001–2004) and Rod Michael (2001–2002). When Michael left in 2002, Blair Madison Late (2002–2004) joined in. Tim Cruz was previously, in the late 1990s, a member of the boy band React.
B3 was best known in Germany and had most of their hits in the German charts. They remained active until 2004, also participating in the Four Seasons Tour in 2002. The band released three albums and had a number of singles. Their first album entitled "First" went gold in Germany. They also had a collaboration with singer Ji-In Cho who released a duet with B3. After the band split in December 2004, John Steven Sutherland and Tim Cruz went solo signing with Fearless Management.
Members.
The original band members from 2001 until 2002 were:
In 2002 Rod Michael left and Blair Madison Late joined in making the band's composition from 2002 to 2004 as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19169933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169933" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, State of Mexico">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, State of Mexico

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, State of Mexico Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Estado de México") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Estado de México or ITESM Campus Estado de México, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in Atizapán de Zaragoza, Mexico, on greater Mexico City.
Athletics.
Estadio TEC CEM is a stadium located near Mexico City, Mexico, at the municipality of Atizapán de Zaragoza. This sporting facility was built in 1983 as a part of the original planning of the university facilities of the Instituto Tecnologico de Monterrey Campus Estado de Mexico (ITESM-CEM). It was the first stadium with an entirely artificial game surface. It is primarily used for American football and is the home field of the Borregos Salvajes - CEM. Estadio TEC CEM holds 14,000 people, the athletic track has a length of 400 metres and has six lanes. The stadium includes other facilities such as a jump track, two mini soccer fields and an electronic scoreboard.
The stadium has a large main stand that accommodates the local partiality, the radio and TV cabins and the local sound. When needed, the capacity can be expanded to three more stands in front of the main stand and an additional stand behind one of the end zones.
Due to the artificial game surface, the stadium is nicknamed "El corral de plástico" (literally, the plastic corral).
History.
On 8 August 2011, a homemade bomb detonated at Monterrey Tech. A professor named Armando Herrera walked through the school's hallways with the bomb hidden inside a package, thinking it was actually an academic award that was given to him. He made it up to his colleague, Alejandro Aceves, and asked for him to open it with him. As soon as Aceves opened it, the bomb detonated. Personnel of Mexican Army, Attorney General for Justice of the State of Mexico and State Security Agency discovered that the device came with FedEx stamps and it was addressed to the academic. State of Mexico Governor Enrique Peña Nieto called the incident as an "isolated incident but serious."

</doc>
<doc id="19169977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169977" title="Belinda Earl">
Belinda Earl

Belinda Earl (born 20 December 1961) is businesswoman and current Style Director of Marks and Spencer who in 2003 became the youngest FTSE 500 retail chief executive.
Biography.
She was born in the city of Plymouth, Devon, England and attended St Dunstan's Abbey School for Girls. She started working as a Saturday shop assistant in the menswear department of her local Debenhams at the age of 16, and managed a gift shop following successful sixth form studies, after which she was admitted to her degree course in economics and business at The University of Wales, Aberystwyth. After graduating in 1983 she turned down an offer to train with a firm of accountants to pursue her love of retail and fashion by working as a graduate trainee in the womenswear department of Harrods.
Chief Executive/Director.
Debenhams.
In 1985 she left Harrods to become a menswear merchandiser at Debenhams. She took on a number of incrementally senior positions within Debenhams before being appointed a company director in 1991. She was appointed trading director and joined the board in 1997. She held responsibilities including Womenswear, accessories, lingerie, and designers. After Terry Green resigned in 2000, she was appointed by shareholders Chief Executive of Debenhams. During her administration the company did well despite an unfavourable economic climate. She become the first chief executive of a London Stock Exchange-listed company to take maternity leave with the birth of her second son in 2001. Her planned six weeks' absence made headlines of some national newspapers as a relatively long time for a chief executive to take off work. She was successfully re-elected at annual general meetings up to and including 2003.
She left Debenhams in 2003. Her failure that October to secure a buyout of Debenhams by Permira prompted her departure (Debenhams was eventually bought for £1.7 billion by a rival private consortium).
Jaeger.
Harold Tillman, a retail entrepreneur, had bought Jaeger in 2002 and had inherited a brand in decline. Earl was initially approached in 2004 and was eventually persuaded to become Chief Executive.
Jaeger became a profitable business, growing sales both in retail and online, developed the lines of "Jaeger London", "Boutique by Jaeger" and "Jaeger Black" as well as expanding internationally during her tenure. She left the business in 2011.
Marks and Spencer.
Belinda joined M&S as Style Director in September 2012.
Other.
She has acted as a retained advisor/consultant to "Alex and Alexa", a luxury children's products online retailer.
Educational commitments.
Earl is a patron of Skillsmart, a retail sector skills council, a fellow of the City & Guilds Institute, and a fellow of the University of Wales.
Personal life.
Earl lives in Surrey with her husband David, a lawyer, and two sons. 

</doc>
<doc id="19170039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170039" title="Luzerner Kantonalbank">
Luzerner Kantonalbank

Luzerner Kantonalbank is the cantonal bank and the dominant retail banking group in the Swiss canton of Lucerne, with a market share of 50-60%. It is main focus on financing small businesses and personal mortgages in the local economy, the bank has avoided some of the issues facing its larger peers in Switzerland and non-performing loans remain at negligible levels.

</doc>
<doc id="19170129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170129" title="Bill Frisell discography">
Bill Frisell discography

This discography features albums released by guitarist Bill Frisell, released recordings of bands and projects he was/is a member of, and albums on which he appears as guest musician. Labels and dates indicate first release.

</doc>
<doc id="19170221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170221" title="Turkmenistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Turkmenistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Turkmenistan sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country was represented by three athletes, all competing in powerlifting.

</doc>
<doc id="19170278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170278" title="Tadeusz Kotz">
Tadeusz Kotz

Tadeusz Kotz (9 August 1913–3 June 2008) was a Polish pilot and fighter ace of World War II. He was awarded several decorations, including Poland's Virtuti Militari, four times Cross of Valour and the British Distinguished Flying Cross. After war he published his memoirs.
Biography.
Tadeusz Kotz was born in Grabanów as Tadeusz Koc on 9 August 1913 to a family of wealthy farmers. After school he entered the cadet flying school in Dęblin. Later, he served in the Polish Air Force as a fighter pilot. During the Invasion of Poland in 1939, Kotz fought with the Polish 161st Fighter Escadrille air unit of Łódź Army. He shot down his first enemy Messerschmitt on 2 September 1939, and also shared Junkers Ju-86 shot down, while piloting a PZL P.11 airplane. On 16 September he shot down a Soviet reconnaissance bomber Polikarpov R-5. 
After Poland was defeated, Kotz was ordered to evacuate to Romania along with other pilots. He escaped via Yugoslavia and Greece to France, and then to the UK to serve with the Royal Air Force. Commencing in late 1940, Kotz served with No 317, No 308 and No. 303 Squadron, flying the Spitfire. 
Later, he became a Squadron Leader with No. 303 Squadron. In February 1943 Kotz was shot down in combat with II./JG 26 over Northern France, but evaded capture and returned to England via German occupied France, Spain and Gibraltar to return to the UK on 21 February 1943. In September 1944, he attended the Aviation School in Weston-super-Mare. His wartime score was 3 and 3 shared destroyed, 2 probables, and 3 damaged.
He was demobilized in 1948. He married and settled in Swaziland in Africa and then moved to Collingwood, Ontario, Canada, where he spent the remainder of his life. While in Canada, he published a book of memoirs. "Błękitne niebo i prawdziwe kule" ("Blue sky and real bullets"), in 2005. He died on 3 June 2008 at at a nursing home in Collingwood, aged 94. 

</doc>
<doc id="19170314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170314" title="Queen and Crescent Route">
Queen and Crescent Route

The Queen and Crescent Route was a system of railroads in the Southeastern U.S., connecting Cincinnati (the "Queen City") with New Orleans (the "Crescent City") and Shreveport. The main line to New Orleans was acquired by the Southern Railway, and is still part of the Norfolk Southern Railway system, while the Illinois Central Railroad acquired the branch from Meridian to Shreveport through its subsidiary Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad.
The following companies formed the route, controlled by the English Alabama, New Orleans, Texas and Pacific Junction Railways Company, Limited:

</doc>
<doc id="19170315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170315" title="Gonzalo de Mendoza">
Gonzalo de Mendoza

Gonzalo de Mendoza (b. Baeza, Spain; d. 1558 Asunción, Paraguay) was a Spanish conquistador and colonizer.
A native of Andalusia in Spain, he joined his brother Pedro at his new colony of New Andalusia in 1536. Together with Juan de Salazar y Espinosa, he founded Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Asunción (Asunción del Paraguay) on 15 August 1537, which soon became the seat of the colony. Under succeeding governors, he acted as their captain and lieutenant, while exploring Paraguay and Brazil. 
He succeeded Domingo Martínez de Irala as acting governor of the renamed Governorate of Rio de la Plata in 1556. During his term, the Ciudad Real del Guayrá was founded by Ruy Díaz de Malgarejo at the confluence of the Pepirí-Guazú and Paraná rivers. This city received the settlers of Ontiveros when it was abandoned and later grew large enough to briefly become the namesake for the governorate of Paraguay. 
Mendoza was succeeded in his turn by captain Francisco Ortiz de Vergara in 1558.

</doc>
<doc id="19170343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170343" title="Aurantioideae">
Aurantioideae

Aurantioideae (sometimes known as Citroideae) is a subfamily within the rue and citrus family (Rutaceae). The subfamily's center of diversity is in the monsoon region of eastern Australasia, extending west through South Asia into Africa, and eastwards into Polynesia. 
Notable members include citrus (genus "Citrus"), bael ("Aegle marmelos"), curd fruit ("Limonia acidissima"), species of genus "Murraya" such as curry tree ("M. koenigii") and orange jessamine ("M. paniculata"), and the small genus "Clausena".
Description and systematics.
Aurantioideae are smallish trees or large shrubs, or rarely lianas. Their flowers are typically white and fragrant. Their fruit are very characteristic hesperidia, usually of rounded shape and colored in green, yellowish or orange hues.
The subfamily can be divided into two tribes, the ancestral Clauseneae and the more advanced Citreae. Several genera have been recently reassigned from the latter to the former, but the arrangement of subtribes leaves much to be desired. The tribes, with subtribes listed in phylogenetic sequence and genera listed alphabetically, are:
Tribe Citreae
Tribe Clauseneae

</doc>
<doc id="19170380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170380" title="Alonso Ortiz">
Alonso Ortiz

Alonso (or Alfonso) Ortiz ("Alfonso Hortiz de Urrutia"), (Villarrobledo, Albacete, 1455- † h. 1503) was a Spanish humanist writer.

</doc>
<doc id="19170396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170396" title="IT baseline protection">
IT baseline protection

The IT baseline protection (in German "IT-Grundschutz") approach from the German Federal Office for Information Security (FSI) is a methodology to identify and implement computer security measures in an organisation. The aim is the achievement of an adequate and appropriate level of security for IT systems. To reach this goal the FSI recommends "well-proven technical, organisational, personnel, and infrastructural safeguards". Organisations and federal agencies show their systematic approach to secure their IT systems (e.g. Information Security Management System) by obtaining an "ISO/IEC 27001 Certificate on the basis of IT-Grundschutz".
Overview baseline security.
The term baseline security signifies standard security measures for typical IT systems. It is used in various contexts with somewhat different meanings. For example:
FSI IT baseline protection.
The foundation of an IT baseline protection concept is initially not a detailed risk analysis. It proceeds from overall hazards. Consequently, sophisticated classification according to damage extent and probability of occurrence is ignored. Three protection needs categories are established. With their help, the protection needs of the object under investigation can be determined. Based on these, appropriate personnel, technical, organizational and infrastructural security measures are selected from the IT Baseline Protection Catalogs.
The Federal Office for Security in Information Technology's IT Baseline Protection Catalogs offer a "cookbook recipe" for a normal level of protection. Besides probability of occurrence and potential damage extents, implementation costs are also considered. By using the Baseline Protection Catalogs, costly security analyses requiring expert knowledge are dispensed with, since overall hazards are worked with in the beginning. It is possible for the relative layman to identify measures to be taken and to implement them in cooperation with professionals.
The FSI grants a baseline protection certificate as confirmation for the successful implementation of baseline protection. In stages 1 and 2, this is based on self declaration. In stage 3, an independent, FSI-licensed auditor completes an audit. Certification process internationalization has been possible since 2006. ISO/IEC 27001 certification can occur simultaneously with IT baseline protection certification. (The ISO/IEC 27001 standard is the successor of BS 7799-2). This process is based on the new FSI security standards. This process carries a development price which has prevailed for some time. Corporations having themselves certified under the BS 7799-2 standard are obliged to carry out a risk assessment. To make it more comfortable, most deviate from the protection needs analysis pursuant to the IT Baseline Protection Catalogs. The advantage is not only conformity with the strict FSI, but also attainment of BS 7799-2 certification. Beyond this, the FSI offers a few help aids like the policy template and the GSTOOL.
One data protection component is available, which was produced in cooperation with the German Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information and the state data protection authorities and integrated into the IT Baseline Protection Catalog. This component is not considered, however, in the certification process.
Baseline protection process.
The following steps are taken pursuant to the baseline protection process during structure analysis and protection needs analysis:
Creation occurs in the following steps:
IT structure analysis.
An IT network includes the totality of infrastructural, organizational, personnel, and technical components serving the fulfillment of a task in a particular information processing application area. An IT network can thereby encompass the entire IT character of an institution or individual division, which is partitioned by organizational structures as, for example, a departmental network, or as shared IT applications, for example, a personnel information system. It is necessary to analyze and document the information technological structure in question to generate an IT security concept and especially to apply the IT Baseline Protection Catalogs. Due to today's usually heavily networked IT systems, a network topology plan offers a starting point for the analysis. The following aspects must be taken into consideration:
Protection needs determination.
The purpose of the protection needs determination is to investigate what protection is sufficient and appropriate for the information and information technology in use.
In this connection, the damage to each application and the processed information, which could result from a breach of confidentiality, integrity or availability, is considered. Important in this context is a realistic assessment of the possible follow-on damages. A division into the three protection needs categories "low to medium", "high" and "very high" has proved itself of value. "Public", "internal" and "secret" are often used for confidentiality.
Modelling.
Heavily networked IT systems typically characterize information technology in government and business these days. As a rule, therefore, it is advantageous to consider the entire IT system and not just individual systems within the scope of an IT security analysis and concept. To be able to manage this task, it makes sense to logically partition the entire IT system into parts and to separately consider each part or even an IT network. Detailed documentation about its structure is prerequisite for the use of the IT Baseline Protection Catalogs on an IT network. This can be achieved, for example, via the IT structure analysis described above. The IT Baseline Protection Catalogs' components must ultimately be mapped onto the components of the IT network in question in a modelling step.
Baseline security check.
The baseline security check is an organisational instrument offering a quick overview of the prevailing IT security level. With the help of interviews, the status quo of an existing IT network (as modelled by IT baseline protection) relative to the number of security measures implemented from the IT Baseline Protection Catalogs are investigated. The result is a catalog in which the implementation status "dispensable", "yes", "partly", or "no" is entered for each relevant measure. By identifying not yet, or only partially, implemented measures, improvement options for the security of the information technology in question are highlighted.
The baseline security check gives information about measures, which are still missing (nominal vs. actual comparison). From this follows what remains to be done to achieve baseline protection through security. Not all measures suggested by this baseline check need to be implemented. Peculiarities are to be taken into account! It could be that several more or less unimportant applications are running on a server, which have lesser protection needs. In their totality, however, these applications are to be provided with a higher level of protection. This is called the (cumulation effect).
The applications running on a server determine its need for protection. In this connection, it is to be noted that several IT applications can run on an IT system. When this occurs, the application with the greatest need for protection determines the IT systems protection category.
Conversely, it is conceivable that an IT application with great protection needs does not automatically transfer this to the IT system. This may happen because the IT system is configured redundantly, or because only an inconsequential part is running on it. This is called the (distribution effect). This is the case, for example, with clusters.
The baseline security check maps baseline protection measures. This level suffices for low to medium protection needs. This comprises about 80% of all IT systems according to FSI estimates. For systems with high to very high protection needs, risk analysis based information security concepts, like for example ISO/IEC 27000-series standards, are usually used.
IT Baseline Protection Catalog and standards.
During its 2005 restructuring and expansion of the IT Baseline Protection Catalogs, the FSI separated methodology from the IT Baseline Protection Catalog. The BSI 100-1, BSI 100-2, and BSI 100-3 standards contain information about construction of an information security management system (ISMS), the methodology or basic protection approach, and the creation of a security analysis for elevated and very elevated protection needs building on a completed baseline protection investigation.
BSI 100-4, the "Emergency management" standard, is currently in preparation. It contains elements from BS 25999, ITIL Service Continuity Management combined with the relevant IT Baseline Protection Catalog components, and essential aspects for appropriate Business Continuity Management (BCM). Implementing these standards renders certification is possible pursuant to BS 25999-2. The FSI has submitted the FSI 100-4 standards design for online commentary under.
The FSI brings its standards into line with international norms like the ISO/IEC 27001 this way.

</doc>
<doc id="19170486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170486" title="Star of the West (disambiguation)">
Star of the West (disambiguation)

Star of the West can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19170487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170487" title="Bartholomeus Assteyn">
Bartholomeus Assteyn

Bartholomeus Abrahamsz. Assteyn (Dordrecht 1607, probably Dordrecht 1669/1677) was a Dutch painter. Bartholomeus Assteyn was the son of a painter from Ghent, Abraham Bartholomeusz. In the year 1631 he became a member in the Dordrecht’s Saint Lukas painter guild. Assteyn lived with his family in Vriesestraat. In 1651 he was registered as an accountant for the local painter brotherhood. His exact death date is not known; his last authenticated work dates from the year 1669. Assteyn was a productive artist. Although he is not considered to be innovative, he created noteworthy still lifes. Assteyn’s compositions are particularly affected by Johannes Bosschaert, and his painting technique is reminiscent of Balthasar van der Ast.

</doc>
<doc id="19170490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170490" title="List of La Salle University people">
List of La Salle University people

This List of La Salle University people includes alumni, faculty, presidents, and other individuals associated with La Salle University.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19170500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170500" title="Tadami">
Tadami

Tadami (written: 只見) may refer to:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="19170519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170519" title="Kate's Cottage">
Kate's Cottage

Kate's Cottage (formerly Keppel Gate, "The Keppel" or "Tate's Cottage") is situated at the 34th Milestone road-side marker on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the primary A18 Mountain Road in the parish of Onchan in the Isle of Man.
As Keppel Gate, the section of A18 Mountain Road including Kate's Cottage and the accompanying Keppel sheep-gates was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. The corner is part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and from 1923 for the Manx Grand Prix Races.
The A18 Mountain Road was developed in the mid-19th century from a number of pre-existing roads and bridle paths. This included the building of a number of sheep-gates including the East Mountain Gate, the Beinn-y-Phott sheep-gate at Brandywell and Keppel Gate. The section of road from Keppel Gate to Park Llewelyn is a product of the Disaforesting Commission of 1860. Contemporary photographs of the Isle of Man TT races in the 1920s and 1930s show a sheep-gates at Kate's Cottage and also at Keppel Gate and the name Kepple Gate referred to both corners. The typical nineteenth century Isle of Man stone-walled cottage was occupied by the Mountain Shepherd Cecil Rhodes Tate and Gladys Tate and a BBC commentator mistakenly referred to "Tate's Cottage" as "Kate's Cottage". The property was formerly owned by the Isle of Man Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry and was sold at public auction and is now in private ownership. In the recent building of a TT Marshals' shelter at Keppel Gate, the original stone gatepost from Keppel Gate was incorporated into its design.

</doc>
<doc id="19170534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170534" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Morelia">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Morelia

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Morelia Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Morelia") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Morelia or ITESM Campus Morelia, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in Morelia, Michoacán, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19170576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170576" title="1965–66 FA Cup">
1965–66 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1965–66 was the 85th staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Everton won the competition for the third time, beating Sheffield Wednesday 3–2 in the final at Wembley. 
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 13 November 1965. Seven were drawn and went to replays two, four or five days later.
Second Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 4 December 1966. Four matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. The Rochdale–Altrincham game was played midweek on 8 December, however.
Third Round.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 22 January 1966. Six matches were drawn and went to replays. 
Fourth Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 February 1966. Five matches were drawn and went to replays. The replays were all played two, three or four days later. The Shrewsbury Town–Carlisle United match went to a second replay on 21 February.
Fifth Round.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 5 March 1966. Two games required replays on the following Wednesday.
Sixth Round.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on 26 March 1966. Three of the four matches went to replays and the Manchester City–Everton game required a second replay to settle the tie.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 23 April 1966 with no replays required. Everton and Sheffield Wednesday came through the semi final round to meet at Wembley.
Final.
The 1966 FA Cup Final was contested by Sheffield Wednesday and Everton at Wembley on Saturday 14 May 1966. Everton were looking to become the first team since Sheffield United won in 1902 to win the cup without conceding a goal, while Sheffield Wednesday were the first Yorkshire side to reach Wembley since Huddersfield Town in 1938. The match finished 3–2 to Everton.

</doc>
<doc id="19170580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170580" title="Welsh Harp (ward)">
Welsh Harp (ward)

Welsh Harp ward is a political division of the London Borough of Brent that returns three representative Councillors and at the 2006 election was held by the Labour Party Francis Eniola, Mary Farrell, and Harbhajan Singh. 

</doc>
<doc id="19170581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170581" title="Mary Pinkett">
Mary Pinkett

Mary Pinkett was the first black New York City councilwoman and served 28 years from 1974 until 2001 when she was term-limited out of office. She died in 2003 at the age of 72. Parts of Washington Avenue in Brooklyn are named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="19170593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170593" title="John Thomas Gilbert">
John Thomas Gilbert

Sir John Thomas Gilbert (b. in Dublin, 23 January 1829; d. there, 23 May 1898) was an Irish archivist, antiquarian and historian.
Life.
John Thomas Gilbert was the second son of John Gilbert, an English Protestant, who was Portuguese consul in Dublin, and Marianne Gilbert, an Irish Catholic, daughter of Henry Costello. He was born in Jervis Street, Dublin. His early days were spent at Branackstown, County Meath. He was educated at Bective College, Dublin, and at Prior Park, near Bath, England. He received no university training, as his mother was unwilling for him to attend Trinity College, Dublin - at that time the only university in Dublin. In 1846 his family moved to Blackrock, a Dublin suburb, where he resided until his death, fifty-two years later.
Aged nineteen, he was elected to the Council of the Celtic Society, and thus became associated with some of the famous writers and orators of the age: Butt, Duffy, Ferguson, Mitchel, O'Hagan, and Smith O'Brien. His essay "Historical Literature of Ireland" appeared in 1851, and four years later he became a Member of the Royal Irish Academy, and secretary of the Irish Celtic and Archaeological Society, whose members included O'Donovan, O'Curry, Graves, Todd, and Wilde.
Taking on the most important posts in the historical and antiquarian societies, he became librarian of the Royal Irish Academy for thirty-four years. In 1891 he married the Irish novelist Rosa Mulholland. He received the honorary degree of LL.D. from the Royal University in 1892, and five years later was knighted for his services to archaeology and history.
The Gilbert Library, in Dublin's Pearse Street, is named after him.
Works.
Celtic scholars are indebted to him for photographic reproductions of ancient Irish manuscripts, for the establishment of the Todd lectureship in Celtic, and also for editions of "Leabhar na h-Uidhre" and "Leabhar Breac".

</doc>
<doc id="19170602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170602" title="Leighton Frescoes">
Leighton Frescoes

The Leighton Frescoes were commissioned in 1868 as the central feature of the elaborate decorations of the Victoria and Albert Museum's South Court. The artist of the two enormous works which each measure 10.7 metres across, was Frederic Leighton (1830-96), one of the most important figures in the late Victorian art world. Leighton's work is remarkable for its command of large-scale design, brilliant technique, intellectual sophistication and skilful, often erotic depiction of the human body. 
The two frescoes, "The Arts of Industry as Applied to War" and "The Arts of Industry as Applied to Peace", celebrate human artistic achievements. "War", portrays the princess and courtiers of an Italian Renaissance city state setting out for battle. "Peace", is set in a classical world of order and plenty. It is designed to evoke a sense of beauty rather than illustrate a specific narrative, and depicts a central group of wealthy elegant women dressing while, either side, workmen unload luxurious carpets and ceramics from barges.
Both are spirit frescoes; "War" was painted using the Gambier Parry process, which was adapted further by Leighton for "Peace".

</doc>
<doc id="19170617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170617" title="Lucien Price">
Lucien Price

Junius Lucien Price (January 6, 1883 – March 30, 1964), who also published under the name Seymour Deming, was the author of more than a dozen books and a writer for publications such as "The Boston Evening Transcript" and "The Atlantic Monthly". At the time of his death at age 81 he was still writing for the "Boston Globe".
Price had a Yankee grandfather, Abel Burt, who left Brimfield, Massachusetts in the United States and settled in Brimfield, Ohio in the Connecticut Western Reserve . "We were New England transplantees," Price wrote of his family, "and we had two choices: either to rot or to grow." Price was born January 6, 1883 in Kent, Ohio. A journalist there later reported that Price "immortalized fond memories of hometown" there. In his writing Price created "Woolwick," a pseudonym for Kent, and described the place as "built on the banks of a steep rivergorge ... half railroad-junction and half agrarian market-town".
Price attended Western Reserve Academy in Hudson, Ohio. He kept in close contact with his prep school for the rest of his life and was regularly invited back for events. Prince had "lengthy and lively correspondence with Headmaster Joel B. Hayden" and, near the end of his life, made arrangements to transfer approximately 3,000 volumes of his personal library to Western Reserve Academy. There was for several years a "Lucien Price Room" suitable as classroom space and used to house some special items of the "Lucien Price Book Collection", but the room was phased out with the start of the new John D. Ong Library in the spring of 2000.
After his 1901 graduatuation from Western Reserve Academy, Price left Ohio and attended Harvard University and graduated with Phi Beta Kappa honors in 1907. He joined the staff of the "Boston Evening Transcript" as an editorial writer and arts reviewer from 1907 to 1914. He went on to create "an illustrious career as a writer and journalist" in Greater Boston and wrote for the "Boston Globe" for the rest of his life.
Among Price's published work is a book based on recorded conversations with English mathematician and philosopher Alfred North Whitehead," Dialogues of Alfred North Whitehead". He also published books on education as well as memoirs of his early life in Ohio. Three of his books were published under the pseudonym "Seymour Deming". 
In 1965, a year after the author's death, Mrs. F.H. Middleton of Hudson, Massachusetts gave Price's personal papers and correspondence to Harvard where it is now housed in the Houghton Library of Harvard College in Cambridge, Massachusetts and takes up six boxes each three feet in length. A separate collection of his papers from 1951 to 1958 are kept at Columbia University in New York City. This group of material includes notes, manuscripts, typescripts, and galley proofs for "Hellas Regained", "October Rhapsody", and "The Sacred Legion" — three novels in Price's "All Souls" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19170628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170628" title="Takatsuki (disambiguation)">
Takatsuki (disambiguation)

Takatsuki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19170633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170633" title="Snell &amp; Wilmer">
Snell &amp; Wilmer

Snell & Wilmer LLP is a law firm based in Phoenix, Arizona. The firm is the largest in the state of Arizona and the 104th largest in the United States based on size, according to the National Law Journal's 2012 statistics.
History.
Snell & Wilmer traces its origins to 1938, when Mark Wilmer joined Frank L. Snell, Jr., Riney Salmon, and Charles Strouss, who had practiced together since 1934. Mr. Snell frequently recounted the search that led to his partnership with Mr. Wilmer. Because Mr. Snell was "snowed under" by work and needed help, he consulted the three members of Maricopa County's Superior Court to identify the best trial lawyer in the state. Mr. Snell noted that each judge mentioned Mr. Wilmer, whom he had not yet met.
Both Mr. Snell and Mr. Wilmer recalled their first conversation as a lengthy discussion about their philosophies of the "practice of law". The conversation went so well that the two attorneys decided to become partners without working out financial terms.
After World War II, Joseph T. Melczer, Jr. and James Walsh joined the firm that became known as Snell, Wilmer, Walsh and Melczer. Shortly after that Edwin Beauchamp arrived, and the firm's name became Snell, Wilmer, Walsh, Melczer & Beauchamp. Recognizing that the firm's letterhead was becoming unwieldy, Mr. Walsh suggested shortening the firm name to Snell & Wilmer.
In the 40s, Mr. Melczer became dean of Arizona's tax and estate planning bar. When famous individuals (like John Wayne or Barry Goldwater) were seen in the firm's reception area, people generally assumed that the celebrities had come to see Mr. Melczer. According to the lore of the firm, the U.S. Senate once reconvened to fix an error in a recently enacted tax code that was found by Mr. Melczer.
During the 1940s and early fifties, Snell & Wilmer practiced in the Heard Building. This was a period of moderate growth in attorney numbers and substantial growth in the firm's prominence and contribution to the Bar and the community.
As Mr. Wilmer established his position as one of Arizona's leading trial lawyers, Mr. Snell emerged as a visionary who helped Phoenix and Arizona capitalize on "post-World War II" opportunities. Mr. Snell, who was instrumental in the merger of the state's two largest utilities into "Arizona Public Service Company", also helped find a use for an abandoned World War II flight training facility in Glendale. We now know the institution built there as the Thunderbird School of Global Management.
Mr. Snell was instrumental in cleaning up the city's crooked political system. He and a small group of community leaders demanded and received the resignation of elected officials whose abuses threatened the city's growth.
During the 1960s, the firm moved from the Heard Building to the Security Building, which could accommodate the growing number of lawyers required to staff the firm's emerging practice areas, including complex business transactions, securities, and utility regulation. The hiring and training of larger groups of young lawyers became a firm priority and a system of committees began to address the challenges that confronted the firm. The firm's summer clerkship program, the first in Arizona, was one of the "innovations" adopted during this decade.
The year 1972 found Snell & Wilmer at an important juncture in its development. Mr. Snell, who had managed the firm, decided to reduce his administrative role. Snell & Wilmer's first Executive Committee was elected consisting of Mr. Wilmer, Mr. Melczer, Don Corbitt, Richard B. Snell and John J. Bouma. The partners agreed to invest in the future and commit partner earnings to building the infrastructure required to become a major law firm. The firm diversified its practice groups, developed non-attorney administrative support, and placed more emphasis on recruiting, continuing legal education and community service.
In 1973, the firm moved from the Security Building to the newly constructed Valley Center (now Chase Tower). As the decade closed, the then nascent national legal press reported storm clouds on the economic horizon for lawyers.
The 1980s marked a period of retrenchment and "shake out" for law firms throughout the country. Rapid growth and economic excesses led to the demise and restructuring of many established firms. As the economics of the marketplace began to penetrate what The American Lawyer termed "the law business," Snell & Wilmer's conservative fiscal management and lean operations served it well. The firm's market share increased in a period of market contraction. Unencumbered by debt or unwieldy compensation systems, Snell & Wilmer was successful in bringing on exceptionally capable attorneys from other prominent firms and began the firm's geographic expansion. In 1983, John J. Bouma became Chairman, succeeding Mr. Wilmer and Mr. Melczer.
In 1989, the Tucson office was established. Within months, negotiations with Tucson's largest and oldest law firm, Bilby & Shoenhair, led to a combination of the two firms, completed and celebrated at the firm's spring retreat in May 1989.
By the 1990s, Snell & Wilmer's status in the State of Arizona could be called "legendary." The Phoenix Business Journal ran an article describing the firm as one of the "big daddies of Phoenix law firms." Arizona Business magazine rated Snell & Wilmer No. 1 out of the top ten law firms in Arizona, dishing out high marks for "corporate and securities work," "real estate," "employee benefits," and other categories. However, its growth had just begun.
During the 1990s, the firm moved its Phoenix offices to the Arizona Center and opened offices in Orange County, California and Salt Lake City, Utah. Orange County began as an adjunct to Snell & Wilmer's product liability practice, and quickly grew into one of Orange County's largest law firms. The Salt Lake City office rapidly grew from a small cadre of transactional lawyers into a full-service practice that serves Utah's rapidly growing business community.
The 2000s began with the establishment of new offices in Denver and Las Vegas, each continuing the firm's tradition of providing quality legal counsel to businesses throughout the region. The firm's first international office, located in Los Cabos, Mexico, opened in October 2008, and its office in downtown Los Angeles opened in February 2009. The firm expanded its Nevada practice by opening a Reno location in early 2010.
Practice areas.
Snell & Wilmer has a broad range of practice areas, including financial regulation, tax law, labor & employment, United States environmental law, water law, real estate & zoning, mergers & acquisitions, intellectual property, product liability, estate planning, telecommunications law, bankruptcy & restructuring, foreclosure, international law, and white-collar criminal defense.

</doc>
<doc id="19170641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170641" title="Pakistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Pakistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Pakistan sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. Haider Ali created history by winning a silver medal, the country's first at any Paralympics. The delegation was also rocked by a doping scandal, when its power lifter, Naveed Ahmed Butt was banned for testing positive, the first athlete at the games. 
Medallists.
The country won one medal, a silver.

</doc>
<doc id="19170647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170647" title="N-back">
N-back

The "n"-back task is a continuous performance task that is commonly used as an assessment in cognitive neuroscience to measure a part of working memory. The n-back was introduced by Wayne Kirchner in 1958.
The task.
The subject is presented with a sequence of stimuli, and the task consists of indicating when the current stimulus matches the one from "n" steps earlier in the sequence. The load factor "n" can be adjusted to make the task more or less difficult.
To clarify, the visual n-back test is similar to the classic memory game of "Concentration". However, instead of different items that are in a fixed location on the game board, there is only one item, that appears in different positions on the game board during each turn. 1-N means that you have to remember the position of the item, ONE turn back. 2-N means that you have to remember the position of the item TWO turns back, and so on.
For example, an auditory three-back test could consist of the experimenter reading the following list of letters to the test subject:
The subject is supposed to indicate when the letters marked in bold are read, because those correspond to the letters that were read three steps earlier.
The "n"-back task captures the active part of working memory. When "n" equals 2 or more, it is not enough to simply keep a representation of recently presented items in mind; the working memory buffer needs also to be updated continuously to keep track of what the current stimulus must be compared to. To accomplish this task, the subject needs to both maintain and manipulate information in working memory.
Dual "n"-back.
The dual-task n-back task is a variation that was proposed by Susanne Jaeggi et al. in 2003. In the dual-task paradigm, two independent sequences are presented simultaneously, typically using different modalities of stimuli, such as one auditory and one visual.
Applications.
Assessment.
The "n"-back task was developed by Wayne Kirchner for his research into short-term memory; he used it to assess age differences in memory tasks of "rapidly changing information".
Construct validity.
There is some question about the construct validity of the "n"-back task. While the task has strong face validity and is now in widespread use as a measure of working memory in clinical and experimental settings, there are few studies which explore the convergent validity of the "n"-back task with other measures of working memory. Those studies have largely revealed weak or modest correlations between individuals' performance on the "n"-back task and performance on other standard, accepted assessments of working memory.
There are two main hypotheses for this weak correlation between the "n"-back task and other working memory assessments. One proposal is that the "n"-back task assesses different "sub-components" of working memory than do other assessments. A more critical explanation is that rather than primarily assessing working memory, performance on the "n"-back task depends on "familiarity- and recognition-based discrimination processes," whereas valid assessments of working memory demand "active recall." Whatever the cause of the performance differences between the "n"-back and other assessments of working memory, some researchers stress the need for further exploration of the construct validity of the "n"-back task.
Performance on the "n"-back task seems to be more closely correlated with performance on measures of fluid intelligence than it is with performance on other measures of working memory (which is also correlated with performance on measures of fluid intelligence). In the same vein, training on the "n"-back task appears to improve performance on subsequent fluid intelligence assessments, especially when the training is at a higher "n"-value.
Treatment.
A 2008 research paper claimed that practicing a dual "n"-back task can increase fluid intelligence (Gf), as measured in several different standard tests. This finding received some attention from popular media, including an article in "Wired". However, a subsequent criticism of the paper's methodology questioned the experiment's validity and took issue with the lack of uniformity in the tests used to evaluate the control and test groups. For example, the progressive nature of Raven's Advanced Progressive Matrices (APM) test may have been compromised by modifications of time restrictions (i.e., 10 minutes were allowed to complete a normally 45-minute test). The authors of the original paper later addressed this criticism by citing research indicating that scores in timed administrations of the APM are predictive of scores in untimed administrations.
The 2008 study was replicated in 2010 with results indicating that practicing single n-back may be almost equal to dual n-back in increasing the score on tests measuring Gf (fluid intelligence). The single n-back test used, was the visual test, leaving out the audio test.
Two studies published in 2012 failed to reproduce the effect of dual n-back training on fluid intelligence. These studies found that the effects of training did not transfer to any other cognitive ability tests.
Use in tutoring and rehabilitation.
The "n"-back is now in use outside experimental, clinical, and medical settings. Tutoring companies utilize versions of the task (in conjunction with other cognitive tasks) to ostensibly improve the fluid intelligence of their clients. Tutoring companies and psychologists also utilize the task to improve the focus of individuals with ADHD and to rehabilitate sufferers of traumatic brain injury; experiments have found evidence that practice with the task helps these individuals focus for up to eight months following training. However, much debate remains about whether training on the "n"-back and similar tasks can improve performance in the long run or whether the effects of training are transient, and if the effects of training n-back generalize to general cognitive processing, for instance, to fluid intelligence. To date, and contrary to the claims of commercial providers, the present literature provides insufficient evidence of the efficacy of working memory training in order to improve more broad cognitive functioning.
Neurobiology of "n"-back task.
Meta-analysis of 24 "n"-back neuroimaging studies have shown that during this exercise the following brain regions are consistently activated: lateral premotor cortex; dorsal cingulate and medial premotor cortex; dorsolateral and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex; frontal poles; and medial and lateral posterior parietal cortex.

</doc>
<doc id="19170660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170660" title="Blackstone Academy Charter School">
Blackstone Academy Charter School

Blackstone Academy Charter School, commonly known as Blackstone Academy or BACS, is an American secondary, public charter school in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
About Blackstone.
Blackstone Academy Charter School, Inc. hosts a high school and affiliated programs. Our high school serves students from Pawtucket and Central Falls, Rhode Island. The school began in 2002 and grew out of the over-twenty-five-year-old SPIRIT Educational Program, an educational enrichment program for students from Providence, Pawtucket and Central Falls.
History and Quick Facts.
Planning for BACS began in the late 1990s after a group of educators and non-profit leaders involved with the SPIRIT Educational Program recognized a need for a small alternative secondary school in the communities of Pawtucket and Central Falls. Through their work with SPIRIT, they saw the success of strong student-teacher relationships and the value of connecting learning to the community. They also sought to address the high drop-out and low college attendance rates for students in these cities. After visiting and researching other small schools locally and nationally, the group wrote and submitted its charter to the Rhode Island Department of Education in the fall of 2000. BACS opened on September 16, 2002.
Many people contributed ideas and concepts that created the school. The founding group included Doc Augusta, Kyleen Carpenter, Stacy Joslin, Liz Newton, Cynthia Roberts, Carolyn Sheehan, and Bob Wooler. Most of them work at the school today.
Total Enrollment: 165 students
Grades: 9 - 12
Free/Reduced Lunch: 78%
Student Ethnicity:
Hispanic: 43%
White: 34%
Black: 21%
Asian/Pacific Islander: 1%
Native American/Alaskan: 1%
Special Education Population:
IEP: 20% 504 Plan: 13%
100% BIG-X
Faculty & Staff:
Full-time teachers: 12
Part-time teachers: 6
Administrators: 2
Special Education Director: 1
Technology Coordinator: 1
Support Staff: 4
Staff with advanced degrees:11
Governance.
BACS is an independent charter school that is an incorporated, private non-profit 501c3 organization governed by a Board of Directors. 
This board of directors reports directly to The Rhode Island Department of Elementary and Secondary Education (RIDE) and is empowered in ways similar to a school committee. Blackstone Academy Inc. is a local educational authority (LEA) and has no formal affiliation with local school districts.

</doc>
<doc id="19170685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170685" title="Slashed">
Slashed

Slashed is a low budget independent horror film, financed and directed by Ash and written by Jed Shepherd. The film was shot in 2002, purely on a video camcorder when Ash were on tour in the United States supporting Coldplay - who subsequently appeared in the movie as detectives, along with various other musicians who the band ran into on their tour, including Dave Grohl, Moby and Neil Hannon.
The film was never completed, and therefore never released in its intended full entirety, with short clips and pictures surfacing onto the Internet sporadically, up until February 27, 2010 it was announced on Ash's website that work had begun on putting the footage to use, and on May 24, 2010 the first - a music video for A-Z Series single "Binary" was released onto Youtube, a second video is soon to follow.
Cast.
The movie features a predominantly musician based cast, with cameos from members of The Hives and The Vines.
Release.
The narrative is presented as a tour diary for the Northern Irish rock band Ash, but soon reveals itself to be a gorefest. The film features many famous musicians and actors, some playing themselves while others playing specially written characters. The initial idea was given to Shepherd to write a short 'slasher' film for use on the DVD side of the 2002 single release 'Envy'. The film was anticipated by the tabloid and music press but had never officially been released.
Due to be released in 2004, to much press hype, Slashed did not appear for reasons unknown. In July 2007, Ash bassist Mark Hamilton let it be known that it was to be uploaded to Youtube as "I'm sure some people would want to see Chris Martin getting murdered". Initially thought to have been a hoax, a few clips have surfaced over the years to quell the disbelievers. Photos of the filming have also been on Ash and Coldplay websites for years and the long gestation period has not quenched the fans desires to see their favourite artists covered in blood and guts.
On May 24, 2010, the first of two Slashed based music videos were released onto the Internet. This six minute teaser includes scenes featuring Ash, Coldplay, Matt Sharp, Ben Kweller and Charlotte Hatherley.
On June 17, 2012 at the 20th Birthday gig for Ash named #ASH20, promoted by Piper/Shepherd, various unseen scenes were shown to people who bought VIP tickets. Approx 100 people watched mostly Coldplay based scenes, in between narration by Ash's Mark Hamilton and writer Jed Shepherd. There have been internet rumours that based on this screening, there may be an official release at a later date.
Cinematic and literary allusions.
In the film, the supernatural killer is Martha, a young woman murdered on her honeymoon. She comes back from the grave to exact revenge upon a world who destroyed her perfect life. This emulates the narrative of many Japanese Horror which were a big influence on the writer and director. They were also influenced by the films of Troma and many of the sequences employ graphic scenes of gore, nudity and buckets of blood in line with this ethic.

</doc>
<doc id="19170686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170686" title="Tateshina">
Tateshina

Tateshina may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19170693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170693" title="Cannell">
Cannell

Cannell is a chiefly Manx surname which is derived from the Gaelic/Celtic McConnell or O'Connell. Cannell is one of the earliest recorded surnames on the Isle of Man.
An Ogham Stone from the 5th century A.D found at Ballaqueeny on the Isle of Man reads that this is the stone of "Bivadonis Maqi Mucoi Cunava(li)" Cunava or Cunavali being the tribal name predating Cannell (Connell, O'Connell, McConnell etc.) In English translates as "Bivadonis Son of the tribe Cunava". The Cunavali originated around County Louth in Ireland. They are considered "Cruithne" or Irish Picts, the race existing before Celtic immigration.
Spelling variations.
Spelling variations of this family name include: Canell, Cannell, Conal, Conall, Conel, Connal, Connall, Connel, Connell, Connill, Connul, Connull, O'Conell, O'Connall, O'Connell

</doc>
<doc id="19170696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170696" title="Stefan Pasborg">
Stefan Pasborg

Stefan Pasborg is a Danish drummer, composer and bandleader, and the founding member of "ILK MUSIC", a Danish record label.
Biography.
In 2004 he was voted "New Name of The Year" at the "Danish Music Award Jazz" 2004 and his release "Toxikum" was voted "Jazz Discovery of the Year". Danish Music Awards Jazz is being given each year by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry.
He has performed and recorded with many international recording artists such as John Tchicai, Miroslav Vitous, Ellery Eskelin, Tim Berne, Palle Danielsson, Marc Ducret, Anders Jormin, Michael Formanek, Tomasz Stanko, Carsten Dahl, Jesper Zeuthen, Ray Anderson, Alex Riel, Mikko Innanen and Lotte Anker are among others. Pasborg has toured the most of Europe, US and Asia as a leader, also as a sideman.
His latest CD was named one of the "Best Debut Albums of 2007" All About Jazz-New York Best of 2007 New York
Pasborg was already behind the drums at the age of three. He received a present, a drumset it was, from a close friend of his parents who happened to be an acclaimed Danish drummer, namely Alex Riel which also became Pasborg's first drum teacher.
In later years, while kept playing, he decided to attend prestigious Copenhagen Jazz Conservatory where the teachers were among others internationally respected Jazz performers such as Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, Ed Thigpen, Horace Parlan and Atilla Engin to name few. During his studies at the conservatory, he met other young musicians, thirteen of them, which they together formed an independent record label called ILK Music.
Awards.
Both awards were given by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI).

</doc>
<doc id="19170753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170753" title="Ahliah school">
Ahliah school

The Ahliah school is a private, coeducational school in Beirut, Lebanon.
Mary Kassab School.
In 1916, when the Ottoman authorities ordered the closing of foreign schools, Mary Kassab gathered in her home sixteen boys and girls who were enrolled at the British School and pledged to ensure their continuing education. Parents began to send their children to her, which became the nucleus of Ahliah School.
The following year, sixty students were enrolled, and Mary Kassab was authorized to open a national, non-denominational and coeducational school. 
With the help of her brother Aziz and two of his friends, Boulos Khawli and Anis Makdissi, she formed a board of trustees. The board raised funds from Lebanese and Arab residents and Lebanese emigrants, and were able to purchase the present campus of Ahliah from the Scottish mission.
The school embraced the new scouting movement which included all Lebanese children and Alice Abkarios at Ahliah undertook the translation of the scouting rules into Arabic.
The Mandate authorities tried to tighten their control over the school and in 1924 they ordered its closing. The students (predominantly girls) organized a rally and walked into the Government Palace to defend the cause of the school before the High Commissioner. The French authorities repealed the decision.
Al-Ahliah Girls’ College.
In 1950, Mary Kassab School became Ahliah Girls’ College. Boys were admitted at the elementary level only. The second principal, Mrs. Wadad Al Makdissi Cortas, took office in 1935.
A music academy was started, under the leadership of Alexis Boutros. Ahliah’s choir represented Lebanon in many capitals of the world, with some one hundred performances on their record.
The Ford Foundation equipped the school’s science laboratories as a model.
Al Ahliah School in Beirut.
Situated in the heart of old Beirut, Al-Ahliah found itself at the center of battles during the Lebanese Civil War (1975–1990) and its buildings sustained heavy damage. The demography of the neighborhood changed dramatically, to include the families of the displaced. Its academic standards also suffered severely because of the departure of many of its faculty and students.
For the first and most violent two years of the war, al-Ahliah closed. It reopened in 1977, under the leadership of Mr. Nicholas Zayyat, previously a teacher of mathematics of senior classes at the school.
Throughout the war years, the main concerns of Mr. Zayyat together with other members of the school administration were to guarantee the security of students and to preserve the school’s buildings and infrastructure. Unable to keep former academic standards, Mr. Zayyat was keen on continuing the humanitarian and patriotic mission of the school by providing education to the numerous severely disadvantaged students and to children of parents reduced by the war to becoming squatters in its vicinity, though often these parents were unable to pay full fees. Eventually wartime Al-Ahliah had 750 students enrolled. By this time it had become coeducational.
Despite the dangers and insecurities faced, the idea of moving the school from its historic location was repeatedly rejected by Al-Ahliah’s Board of Trustees.
Post civil war improvements.
After the war ended and the country settled back into peaceful times that also witnessed the rebuilding of downtown Beirut, the Board of Trustees of Al- Ahliah began reviving and modernizing its mission. A new principal, Dr. Najla Hamadeh, a graduate of the school’s golden age and a member of its Board of Trustees, was appointed to execute its revival. During Hamadeh’s tenure (1999–2005), Al-Ahliah accomplished the following: 
Campus.
The campus consists of two buildings purchased in 1916 from a Scottish mission. The buildings surround an inner courtyard, which serves as a school gathering place and offers space for sports and other activities. Ahliah’s buildings were fully renovated in 2003-2004.
The main older building houses the administrative offices on the ground floor. The first floor was completely restored and includes the preschool and the resource room. The second floor has two assembly halls, the information technology lab and the iEARN conference room.
Ahliah’s second building is a three-winged and three-storied structure equipped with an elevator. The infirmary and elementary school cafeteria are on the ground floor with the elementary classrooms, the teachers’ lounge and the library on the first floor. The second floor houses the middle school classrooms, the photocopy room, the Art room and the Science labs. The secondary school classrooms and teachers’ lounges, the technology lab and the dance hall are located on the third floor. The roof provides additional school-yard space for older students and a cafeteria, servicing secondary school students.

</doc>
<doc id="19170762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170762" title="Hurst and Blackett">
Hurst and Blackett

Hurst and Blackett was a publisher co-founded in 1812 by John Blackett (1785-1832), the son of a London shipbuilder. The business flourished after taking over the business of the long established publisher Henry Colburn and continued to do so under John's son, Henry Blackett (1825-1871), four of whose sons became publishers. Hurst and Blackett were located on Great Marlborough Street, and later at Paternoster House, Paternoster Row, London and had offices in New York and Melbourne. They were taken over by Hutchinson, which later became part of Random House.

</doc>
<doc id="19170772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170772" title="Roger of Thirkleby">
Roger of Thirkleby

Roger of Thirkleby (died 1260) was a British judge. The "Thirkleby" of his name was a hamlet in the parish of Kirby Grindalythe, Yorkshire. The first record of his work in the judicial system is in 1230, when he was appointed a clerk of the bench. By the end of 1231 he was a clerk for William de Raley. He remained a clerk until 1242, when he was promoted to justice. He acted as a Puisne Justice until 1249, although he spent large amounts of time on Eyre, serving as chief justice on three eyres in the south-west in 1243 and 1244. Between 1245 and 1252 he and Henry of Bath served as senior Eyre justices, leading Eyre circuits on the brief circuit of 1245, the major country-wide visitation of 1246 to 1249, and a brief circuit of 1251 to 1252, before withdrawing from Eyres to concentrate on work at the bench. In 1249 he was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in succession to Henry of Bath, a position he held until 1256 when he himself was replaced by Henry. He returned to the job in 1258, serving until his death in 1260.
He took part in 51 Eyres, in 38 as chief justice. Many of his eyre rolls have survived, including thirteen from the Eyres of 1246 to 1249, the largest number of rolls to survive from that period of time.

</doc>
<doc id="19170790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170790" title="McNaught">
McNaught

McNaught or MacNaught is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19170791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170791" title="Robert Couturier (architect)">
Robert Couturier (architect)

Robert Couturier (born April 14, 1955) is a French architect and decorator who designed Cuixmala.
Biography.
Couturier was born and raised in Paris, France. In the 1980s, he moved to New York City.
He currently lives in Connecticut with his boyfriend, Jeffrey Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="19170799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170799" title="Robert Couturier">
Robert Couturier

Robert Couturier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19170886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170886" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Galla">
Apostolic Vicariate of Galla

The Apostolic Vicariate of Galla () was a Roman Catholic mission territory set up in 1846, and embracing the territory of the Oromo people in Abyssinia. 
History.
The vicariate dates from 4 May 1846. The Capuchin Guglielmo Massaia,was the first vicar Apostolic. He was consecrated Bishop of Cassia, 24 May 1846, and sent on a mission to the Oromo tribes. Only after five years was he able to reach the region of Galla Assandabo, 20 November 1852. Having evangelized the districts of Goudrou, Lagamara, Limmou, Nonna, and Guera, he entered, 4 October 1859, the Kingdom of Kaffa, where conversions were abundant. He provided the converted tribes with priests, so that when persecution obliged him to flee, Christianity did not disappear.
In 1868 he was at Choa, where he worked until 1879, and enjoyed the confidence of Menelik II of Ethiopia, who made him his confidential counsellor. In the interval the missions of Kaffa and Guera were administered by his coadjutor Bishop Felicissimo Coccino, who died 26 February 1878. In 1879 Negus John of Abyssinia compelled his vassal Menelik to order Bishop Massaia to return to Europe. The bishop had already been banished seven times, and handed over the government of the vicariate to his coadjutor Bishop Taurin Cahagne, from 14 February 1875 titular Bishop of Adramittium. 
The mission of Harar was founded by Bishop Taurin, who from 1880 to 1899 worked in this largely Muslim area. He wrote a catechism and works of Christian instruction in the Galla language. The vicariate included the three main districts of Choa, Kaffa and Harar.
For history from 1914 see Roman Catholic Diocese of Djibouti.

</doc>
<doc id="19170902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170902" title="Ron Allen (journalist)">
Ron Allen (journalist)

Ron Allen is an American journalist working for NBC News, where he is a correspondent for all of the network's news programs. He lives in New York/New Jersey metropolitan area and was based in Europe for more than a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19170906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170906" title="Jacco Verhaeren">
Jacco Verhaeren

Jacco Verhaeren (born April 4, 1969 in Rijsbergen, North Brabant) is a Dutch swimming coach. He is was formally the sporting director of the Dutch swimming team and the Nationaal Zweminstituut Eindhoven. On October 17th, 2013 Verhaeren was named the head coach of the Australian swimming team. He is best known for guiding Pieter van den Hoogenband and Inge de Bruijn to Olympic gold medals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19170908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170908" title="Misal">
Misal

Misal (Marathi:मिसळ), meaning "mixture", is a delicacy in the western Indian state of Maharashtra. The dish is eaten for breakfast or as a midday snack or meal. It remains a very popular snack since it is easy to make, is relatively cheap and has good nutritional value. The taste of "misal" ranges from mildly to extremely spicy. Misal is also a popular street food.
The dish originates from the area of Desh, Maharashtra.
Ingredients.
The ingredients of misal vary widely, and consist of a combination of the following:
The ingredients are arranged in multiple tier fashion and served. The first ingredient to be served is "matki" or moth bean "usal". "Usal" is sprouted beans cooked with tomatoes and onions. The nutritional value comes from the sprouted beans. "Misal" is served with sliced bread or a small loaf, in the dish "misal-paw". The main part of the "misal" is the spicy curry, called "tarry", "kat". The Kolhapuri version of "misal" does not contain "pohe". "Phadtare misal" is famous in Kolhapur and so is Mamledar Misal in Thane City., and is usually more spicy. Puneri Misal is less spicy version of Misal. Katakir is the one of the famous misal in pune.
"Dahi misal" is also one of the widely eaten forms, where curd is added to enhance the taste.

</doc>
<doc id="19170922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170922" title="Ultimate Boney M. – Long Versions &amp; Rarities, Volume 1">
Ultimate Boney M. – Long Versions &amp; Rarities, Volume 1

Ultimate Boney M. – Long Versions & Rarities, Volume 1 is the first of a series of Boney M. releases, gathering the original 12" versions, non-album tracks and alternate versions of the group's recordings. Volume 1 sums up the group's most successful period, the years 1976-1980 and features 12 tracks of which six have never been available on CD before. The disc omits the 12" version of "Rasputin" which was included on "Rivers Of Babylon (A Best Of Collection)" (2008).
Sources.
http://www.lizmitchellfanclub.com/latest.html

</doc>
<doc id="19170955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170955" title="Antun Kanižlić">
Antun Kanižlić

Antun Kanižlić (Požega, November 20, 1699 - Požega, August 24, 1777) was a Croatian Jesuit and poet.
After finishing the gymnasium in Požega, he continued his education in Zagreb, Vienna and Leoben. He studied theology for three years in Graz and gradueted theology in Graz and Trnava.
He wrote chiefly religious books, prayer books and translated from German into Croatian.

</doc>
<doc id="19170972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170972" title="Sangeet Bangla">
Sangeet Bangla

Sangeet Bangla is a national Bengali music television channel in India. This channel is co-production of Media Worldwide. It is a 24-hour free-to-air channel, and was launched in 2005.
See also.
Sister channels

</doc>
<doc id="19170977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170977" title="Waltz (EP)">
Waltz (EP)

Waltz is an EP released by the Australian indie rock band Augie March. It was first released in 1999. It includes the first appearance of the band's early hit "Asleep in Perfection". A music video was also issued for the closing track, "The Moth Ball".

</doc>
<doc id="19170982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170982" title="Toyotomi (disambiguation)">
Toyotomi (disambiguation)

Toyotomi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19170989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19170989" title="Tozawa">
Tozawa

Tozawa (written: 戸澤 or 戸沢) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19171009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171009" title="Salon de Mai">
Salon de Mai

The Salon de Mai (the "May Salon") is a group of French artists which formed in a café on the Rue Dauphine in Paris in 1943 during the German occupation of France.
The May Salon was founded in opposition to Nazi ideology and its condemnation of degenerate art. It founder members were the art critic Gaston Diehl and the painters, sculptors and engravers Henri-Georges Adam, Emmanuel Auricoste, Lucien Coutaud, Robert Couturier, Jacques Despierre (who suggested naming the salon after the month in which its first meetings were held), Marcel Gili, Léon Gischia, Francis Gruber, Jean Le Moal, Alfred Manessier, André Marchand, Edouard Pignon, Gustave Singier, Claude Venard and Roger Vieillard, who together formed it direction committee. Many among them (Coutaud, Gischia, Le Moal, Manessier, Marchand, Pignon, Singier) participated in the 1941 exhibition "Vingt jeunes peintres de tradition française".
Under its president Gaston Diehl the first Salon de Mai exhibition took place in the galerie Pierre Maurs (3, avenue Matignon) on 29 May to 29 June 1945. Its honorary committee was made up of Germain Bazin, Jacques Dupont, René Huyghe, Bernard Dorival, Michel Florisoone, Pierre Ladoué and Marc Thiboutet. Its judging panel was headed by Jean Follain. The catalogue of this first Salon had a preface by Gaston Diehl, with texts by René Bertelé and André Rolland de Renéville, poems by Jacques Prévert, Lucien Becker, André Frénaud, Jean Follain and Guillevic.
Gaston Diehl was president of the Salon de Mai until 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19171022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171022" title="Virginia (pinnace)">
Virginia (pinnace)

The Virginia or Virginia of Sagadahoc was a pinnace built in 1607-08 by colonists at the Popham Colony. She was the first English-built ship in what is now Maine and possibly in all of the English-colonized areas of North America. 
Little is known about the details of her architecture, but written accounts of the colony and historical records of similar ships suggest that "Virginia" was a pinnace that displaced about 30 tons and measured somewhat less than long, with a beam of . She had a flush main deck, drew about fully loaded, and had a freeboard of less than . 
A demonstration of the new colony's ability to build ships, "Virginia" was built at the mouth of the Kennebec River in what is now Phippsburg, Maine. The ship was a project of the Plymouth Company, branch of the proprietary Virginia Company, on land England claimed as belonging to the Virginia.
First ship built in America.
The pinnace makes an appearance early in the European exploration of North America. 
The Popham Colony was established in 1607 by the Virginia Company of Plymouth. It was also known as the Sagadahoc Colony, taking its name from the Abanaki word for the confluence of a river and the sea. At this time, all of eastern North America from Spanish Florida to New France (in Canada) was called 'Virginia' by England. The territory originally chartered to the Virginia Company of Plymouth extended from present day Delaware to New France in the Canadian maritimes, 38°N to 45°N. Leaving Plymouth England on May 31, 1607, 120 colonists arrived at the mouth of the Sagadahoc River on August 13, 1607, aboard the "Gift of God", and on August 16, 1607, aboard the "Mary and John". Popham Colony leader George Popham was aboard the "Gift of God", with Raleigh Gilbert second in command. "Robert Davies" was captain of the "Mary and John". The expedition had come to find gold, the Northwest Passage, a river passage to China, to fish and hunt Beaver for fur and to sell and prove that New World forests could build English ships. Construction of Fort Saint George was begun immediately. On December 1, 1607, about half the men returned to England with Captain James Davis aboard "The Gift of God", a journey that took 53 days. It was hoped that by drastically reducing the colony's population: a) available food would last throughout the brutally cold winter; and b) the difficulty of trading with hostile Abanaki neighbors would be negated. With one exception (Sir George Popham, leader of the colony died in February 1608), each of the colonists made it through the winter. A young, disinterested Raleigh Gilbert became the new governor. Captain James Davis, who commanded the short lived Fort St. George at the Popham Colony was to have a noteworthy career at the Jamestown Colony in Virginia.
The pinnace "Virginia" was the first ship of noteworthy size for which solid evidence exists that she was built in America. She was a pinnace of the smaller type. Note that the shallop is mentioned as often as the pinnace in earliest records of water craft in the European colonies in North America but is rarely described as a 'ship'. The largest shallops might approach the smallest 'small' pinnaces in size, but average size was much smaller and places the shallop within the category 'boat'. 
Because plans of early 17th century British or American sailing vessels have not yet been found, reconstructing Virginia of Sagadahoc was a challenge. Nonetheless, there is historical information about the 'small' pinnace design that can be utilized, and from which a reasonable plan can be extrapolated. The choice to build a 'small' pinnace for the Popham Colony was a good one. Able to support at least three different rigs, the 'small' pinnace was very versatile and could be assigned to offshore fishing, the North Atlantic fishing grounds, or readied for a trans-Atlantic journey to England with equal ease.
Virginia's hull and rig.
There is a very small 17th-century sketch of a pinnace on J. Hunt's October 8, 1607, map of Fort St. George at the Popham Colony in southern Maine - see the Info Box in this article. This boat is thought to be the 30-ton pinnace "Virginia" that was built in 1607–1608 at the Popham colony on the Sagadahoc River (now Kennebec River) in southern Maine. Assuredly, lofting was done by 'eye'. Assembly was done under the guidance of shipwright Mr. Digby; and James Davis (mariner), Master of the "Gift of God".
"Virginia" would have been about 56' feet long with a beam of 15'5", a flush main deck that drew approximately 6'5" fully loaded, a free board of less than 2 feet, and weight of approximately 30 tons. Sketches of the replica's hull design and framing are online at the Maine First Ship website. For ocean voyages, the "Virginia" would likely have been rigged with a square-rigged main mast, a much smaller second mast that was gaff rigged, and a small square sail under the bowsprit. The main mast on many pinnaces would have been large enough to carry a small topsail. Plans for "Virginia" that include a plausible rigging are available from the Maine Maritime Museum. For coastal work, "Virginia" would have used a fore-and-aft rig with a spirit mainsail and one headsail. How the coastal rigging would have been changed for a cross-Atlantic voyage is not yet fully understood. In John Walker's drawing of the "Virginia" when rigged for a trans Atlantic voyage, an aft-rigged mizzen mast carries a sail that resembles a lateen sail more closely than a spanker.
A non-profit organization, Maine' First Ship - Reconstruct "Virginia" has been formed to build a reconstruction of "Virginia" on the grounds of the Bath Freight Shed in Bath, Maine. The organization educates people about Maine's role in early American and European history], the 400-year tradition of shipbuilding, and archeology.
A four-year building project of the "Virginia" began in July 2011 with two shipwrights, a teacher, a media specialist, fourteen high school students and many adult volunteers. The keel was laid on July 3, 2011.
This variety of rigs enabled the 'small' pinnaces of this era for several different assignments. They could be used as fishing boats, storage at anchor, tender to large ships or supply ships that were often towed to their destination by a larger ship.
Voyages of the "Virginia".
By the spring of 1608, gold had not been found at the Popham Colony and relations with the local Abenaki were poor, although the colonists did manage to obtain some furs and sarsaparilla. On October 17, 1608, the Popham Colony was abandoned. News of his elder brother's death prompted Raleigh Gilbert to return to England aboard the "Mary and John" to claim his inheritance. Captain James Davis and 45 colonists who had found the food situation and climate unbearable packed into the "Virginia" and also returned to England. 
Structurally sound, the "Virginia" had more work to do. The background to these next expeditions was the new Charter of the Virginia Company, drafted by Roger Bacon and signed by King James I of England on May 23, 1609. This Charter granted a vast extension of territory and expanded powers to the Virginia Company. "Virginia" was one of two pinnaces and nine ships in the fleet known as the Third Supply. With 5-600 people, the Third Supply left Falmouth, Cornwall, England on June 8, 1609, for the colony in Virginia by way of the Azores and Bermuda. The "Virginia" and one other pinnace were towed by the 300 ton flagship, Sea Venture which was the first single timbered, merchantman built in England, and also the first dedicated emigration ship. 
After passing the Canary Islands, the fleet encountered a powerful 3-day hurricane which did serious damage to two ships. The "Catch" went down with all aboard lost, and the "Sea Venture" was heavily damaged. Sir George Somers and the "Sea Venture" had 'discovered' an uninhabited archipelago that would later be named the Somers Isles then Bermuda. Meanwhile, Captain James Davis (mariner) guided the "Virginia" safely to Jamestown, arriving on October 3, 1609. This arrival was six weeks later than the other ships of the Third Supply that had not been 'captured' by the Bermuda hurricane of late July, 1609. The long travel time suggests that the "Virginia" may once again have been in tow behind a larger ship. 
"Patience" and "Deliverance" in Bermuda.
The second and third pinnaces built in the English colonies followed closely upon the construction of the "Virginia" at the Popham Colony in New England. Two pinnaces were built in Bermuda from local Bermuda cedar, which was a wood especially prized by regional ship builders because it was as strong as oak, yet lighter. This misnamed juniper species could be worked with immediately after felling, and it has high resistance to rot and wood worms. Materials salvaged from the beached wreck of the "Sea Venture", the ill-fated flag ship of the Third Supply on its way to the Jamestown Colony, were also used. "Patience" and "Deliverance" were constructed between late fall 1609 and early spring 1610 under the guidance of the Virginia Company Admiral, Sir George Somers, Sir Thomas Gates and James Davis (mariner), captain of the "Gift of God" who possessed considerable ship building knowledge. This close dating estimate establishes that these two ships were the second constructions of pinnaces in the New World English colonies. Ships of the Third Supply that escaped the terrible 3 day Bermuda hurricane brought few provisions to the Jamestown Colony as most supplies had been on the flagship "Sea Venture". Under the command of the experienced and trusted Christopher Newport, who had been the captain of the "Sea Venture", "Patience" and "Deliverance" set sail for Virginia on May 11, 1610, and arrived at the Jamestown settlement on May 23, 1610, a journey of less than two weeks. Meanwhile in the fall of 1610, Sir George Somers returned to Bermuda with the pinnace "Patience" to obtain wild pig and food that had been stockpiled for the Jamestown Colony by the passengers of the "Sea Venture" during their months on Bermuda. Unfortunately, Sir George died in Bermuda from a "surfeit of pork". The "Patience" captained by his nephew Mathew Somers returned to Lyme Regis in Dorset, England. Aboard the flagship "Sea Venture" had been the expedition's specialist in growing tobacco. John Rolfe lost his wife and young son while the Third Supply reorganized in Bermuda. Rolfe made his way to Virginia with 142 survivors aboard the "Patience" and "Deliverance". Finally, Christopher Newport and a pinnace had delivered the salvation of the Jamestown Colony in what would be his last trip to the colony.
Pinnaces and their uses.
Identification of some pinnaces in contemporary historical documents is often difficult because there was no standardization of pinnace design, be the type 'small' or 'large'. The term seems to have been applied to variants of what may be called the full-rigged pinnace, rather than the alternative use of the term for a larger vessel's boat. Furthermore, several ship type and rig terms were used in the 17th century, but with very different definitions than applied today. Re-assessment of the design of some 17th century ships not designated "pinnace" sometimes uncovers the unexpected. For example, in the 17th century, brigantine referred to a two-masted sailing ship that was square-rigged on the foremast, and fore-and-aft rigged on the main mast. The designation 'brig' did not exist until the early 18th century, by which time vessels described as pinnaces had been well known for at least a century and a half. By the late 17th century, a brigantine in the Royal Navy was a small, square-rigged, two-masted ship, that could be rowed as well as sailed. 'Brig' referred to any ship that was square-rigged on both masts. When 'brig' and 'brigantine' were too widely applied, other possibilities for ship types were obscured. There is also the problem in sorting out what is meant by a 'barque' in the early 17th century. Note that the 'barque' or 'bark' rig as we understand it, was not known in the first half of the 17th century, and so exactly what is meant by a 'barque' is not clear. "When Governor Winthrop of the Massachusetts Bay Colony wrote of 'barques', he referred to ships that were both 'small' and 'large' and weighed 12 to 40 tons". thereby suggesting the two types of pinnace and their usual range in tonnage.
A second pinnace 'type' was often much larger than the first, and frequently carried enough cannon to be considered an (armed) merchantman, or fast and maneuverable small warship. "The pinnace is perhaps the most confusing of all the early seventeenth-century types of vessels. Pinnace was more of a use than a type name, for almost any vessel could have been a pinnace or tender to a larger one. Generally speaking, pinnaces were lightly built, single-decked, square-sterned vessels suitable for exploring, trading, and light naval duties. On equal lengths, pinnaces tended to be narrower than other types. Although primarily sailing vessels, many pinnaces carried sweeps for moving in calms or around harbors." The rigs of pinnaces included the single-masted fore-and-aft rig with staysail and sprit mainsail to the mizzenmast, and a square sprit-sail under the bowsprit. Open square-sterned pulling boats were also called pinnaces at least as early as 1626.
Often decked over, the 'small' pinnace was able to support a variety of rigs, each of which conferred maximum utility to specific missions such as fishing, cargo transport and storage, or open ocean voyaging. The mature 'small' pinnace design emerged as versatile with several different options and rigs possible. The expected popularity of the pinnace in the Massachusetts Bay Colony during the first half of the 17th century is documented. By the 1630s, historical records mention many ships trading or fishing with the Massachusetts Bay Colony, some of which were also built in-colony. Above all, the fishing trade had taken hold off the shores of New England, and was immediately successful. The pinnace may have been the preferred, multi-use small ship of the first decades of English settlement in 'Virginia'.

</doc>
<doc id="19171048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171048" title="Li Bin">
Li Bin

Li Bin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171065" title="Garry Herbert">
Garry Herbert

Garry Gerard Paul Herbert MBE (born 3 October 1969) is an Olympic gold medal winning cox. He steered the British coxed pair (brothers Jonny and Gregory Searle) to victory in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics (the last time this event was included in the Olympic rowing programme) and the 1993 World Rowing Championships. 
His tears of emotion at the medal presentation, with the taller Searle brothers smiling behind him, became an iconic image in Britain. 
Born in London, he studied there at Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School, and at the University of Reading, then trained as a barrister. Now he is a banker and a commentator for the BBC and a motivational speaker. During the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay, he was chosen to cox the boat carrying Steve Redgrave holding the Torch down the River Thames at Henley.

</doc>
<doc id="19171078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171078" title="Jacques Dupont">
Jacques Dupont

Jacques Dupont may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171091" title="Greatest Hits (The Judds album)">
Greatest Hits (The Judds album)

Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits collection released in 1988 by the American country music duo The Judds. It features the singles "Give a Little Love" and "Change of Heart."

</doc>
<doc id="19171163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171163" title="Shen Jie">
Shen Jie

Shen Jie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171167" title="Francisco Ortiz de Vergara">
Francisco Ortiz de Vergara

Francisco Ortiz de Vergara was a Spanish conquistador and colonizer, born in Seville.
He succeeded Gonzalo de Mendoza as governor of Rio de la Plata. He was elected, rather than appointed by the king or his predecessor. His election was confirmed by bishop Pedro de la Torre, but he was demoted by the Royal Audience and returned to Spain in 1565 following charges by Nuño de Chaves.
During his administration, there were a number of failed attempts at new settlements - Sancti Spiritus, San Francisco, and Santa Cruz de la Sierra. This last, in the southern Amazon Basin, was eventually successful, but only after the city had been moved over 200 kilometers from site chosen by Chaves. The former location is in the vicinity of San José de Chiquitos and is now an archaeological site under the name Santa Cruz la Vieja.

</doc>
<doc id="19171211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171211" title="Jacques Dupont (director)">
Jacques Dupont (director)

Jacques Dupont ( 21 April 1921, Ruelle-sur-Touvre – 10 March 2013) was a French film director.
Life.
Formerly of the IDHEC, and a specialist in exotic cinema, he appeared less comfortable in "Les Distractions", in which he directed Jean-Paul Belmondo and Alexandra Stewart, than he did in evoking French volunteers in Korea in "Crèvecoeur".

</doc>
<doc id="19171247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171247" title="Muriel Smith (singer)">
Muriel Smith (singer)

Muriel Burrell Smith (February 23, 1923 – September 13, 1985) was an American singer. In the 1940s and 1950s, she was a star of musical theater and opera, and was also the off-film ghost singer in several hit movies. She is perhaps best known in the UK for her 1953 #3 hit single, "Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me", which was first covered in 1965 by Mel Carter (and which remains a staple of easy listening and oldies radio to this day) and later in 1994 by Gloria Estefan. She died in relative obscurity in 1985.
Biography.
Smith was born in New York. Her early life remains obscure. She appeared on the popular radio series "Major Bowes' Amateur Hour" in 1937. After singing at a cocktail party in 1939, one of the guests, Elizabeth Westmoreland, arranged a scholarship for her at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia. She was the first African-American to study at Curtis. She worked in a factory, earning $15 per week, to support herself during her studies. She graduated in 1946, in the same class as Leonard Bernstein and Isaac Stern.
She made her début on Broadway in December 1943, taking the title role in "Carmen Jones", an updated version of Bizet's "Carmen" by Billy Rose and Oscar Hammerstein with an African-American cast. At that time, US opera companies were segregated — in the cast of 115, only one had previous Broadway experience. "Carmen Jones" received a positive critical reception, and ran on Broadway for 14 months. Smith toured with the production until 1947, with two further Broadway revivals. In 1947, she starred as Delphine with the baritone William Veasey (Joshua Tain) in Theodore Ward's 'Our Lan' at the Royale Theatre. She later appeared in Marc Blitzstein's opera "The Cradle Will Rock" in 1947/8, and performed with the American Negro Theatre in 1948. She moved to London in 1949. After appearing in two Cecil Landeau revues at the Cambridge Theatre in the West End — "Sauce Tartare" in 1949 and "Sauce Piquante" in 1950 — she then performed in the London productions of two Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, as Bloody Mary in "South Pacific" in 1951, and as Lady Thiang, the King's head wife, in "The King and I" in 1953.
She gave a recital at the Wigmore Hall in 1955 before returning to the US to appear in a revival of "Carmen Jones" at the New York City Center. On 17 December 1956, she made her début in serious opera, starring as Carmen in a production at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. The performance on 27 December 1956 was broadcast live on BBC radio.
This was not an unqualified success. In his history of the Royal Opera Harold Rosenthal comments that she was ‘a lovely figure on stage; a sultry slinky personality with a beautiful velvety voice; but she was tame dramatically and her singing often failed to dominate the stage.' Though Covent Garden then had a colourful production and the musical director, Rafael Kubelik, conducted, other members of the cast were also below par, which did not help.
She was the uncredited ghost singer for Zsa Zsa Gabor in John Huston's 1952 movie "Moulin Rouge", a biography of Toulouse-Lautrec (she also appeared on film as Aicha), and for April Olrich in the 1956 film "The Battle of the River Plate". More significantly, she was ghost singer in two songs for the 1958 Hollywood film version of "South Pacific", providing the voice for actress Juanita Hall in for the songs "Bali Ha'i" and "Happy Talk", but she turned down an on-screen part in the 1959 film version of George Gershwin's opera "Porgy and Bess", saying "It doesn't do the right thing for my people."
After leaving show business, she worked for Moral Re-Armament, and also as a voice teacher at Virginia Union University. She received an arts award from the National Council of Negro Women in 1984. She appeared in several later productions, including "Equus" at Theatre IV in Richmond, Virginia, and the première of Jeraldine Herbison's "Sojourner Truth ... Ain't I a Woman?" at Hampton University in 1985.
She died of cancer in 1985 in Richmond, Virginia, having moved there in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19171279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171279" title="Wang Feng">
Wang Feng

Wang Feng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171334" title="Development of the World Chess Championship">
Development of the World Chess Championship

The concept of a world chess champion started to emerge in the first half of the 19th century, and the phrase "world champion" appeared in 1845. From this time onwards various players were "acclaimed" as world champions, but the first contest that was defined "in advance" as being for the world championship was the match between Steinitz and Zukertort in 1886. Until 1948 world championship contents were matches arranged privately between the players. As a result the players also had to arrange the funding, in the form of stakes provided by enthusiasts who wished to bet on one of the players. In the early 20th century this was sometimes a barrier that prevent or delayed challenges for the title.
Between 1888 and 1948 various difficulties that arose in match negotiations led players to try to define agreed rules for matches, including the frequency of matches, how much or how little say the champion had in the conditions for a title match and what the stakes and division of the purse should be. However, these attempts were unsuccessful in practise, as the same issues continued to delay or prevent challenges.
The first attempt by an external organization to manage the world championship was in 1887–1889, but this experiment was not repeated. A system for managing regular contests for the title went into operation in 1948, under the control of FIDE, and functioned quite smoothly until 1993. However, in that year reigning champion Kasparov and challenger Short were so dissatisfied with FIDE's arrangements for their match that they set up a break-away organization. The split in the world championship continued until 2006.
Financing of championship contests.
Before 1948 world championship matches were financed by arrangements similar to those Emanuel Lasker described for his 1894 match with Wilhelm Steinitz: either the challenger or both players, with the assistance of financial backers, would contribute to a purse; about half would be distributed to the winner's backers, and the winner would receive the larger share of the remainder (the loser's backers got nothing). The players had to meet their own travel, accommodation, food and other expenses out of their shares of the purse. This system evolved out of the wagering of small stakes on club games in the early 19th century.
Up to and including the 1894 Steinitz-Lasker match, both players, with their backers, generally contributed equally to the purse, following the custom of important matches in the 19th century before there was a generally recognized world champion. For example: the stakes were £100 a side in both the second Staunton vs Saint-Amant match (Paris, 1843) and the Anderssen vs Steinitz match (London, 1866); Steinitz and Zukertort played their 1886 match for £400 a side. Lasker introduced the practise of demanding that the challenger should provide the whole of the purse, and his successors followed his example up to World War II. This requirement made arranging world championship matches more difficult, for example: Marshall challenged Lasker in 1904 but could not raise the money until 1907; in 1911 Lasker and Rubinstein agreed in principle to a world championship match, but this was never played as Rubinstein could not raise the money; and Alekhine, Rubinstein and Nimzowitsch all challenged Capablanca in the early 1920s but only Alekhine could raise the US $10,000 Capablanca demanded and only in 1927.
Early uses of "World Champion".
The "idea" of a world champion goes back at least to 1840, when a columnist in "Fraser's Magazine" wrote, "To whom is destined the marshal's baton when De la Bourdonnais throws it down, and what country will furnish his successor? ... At present de la Bourdonnais, like Alexander the Great, is without heir, and there is room to fear the empire may be divided eventually under a number of petty kings." A letter quoted in "The Times" on November 16, 1843, but probably written before that, described the second Staunton vs Saint-Amant match, played in Paris in November–December 1843, as being for "the golden sceptre of Philidor."
The earliest recorded use of the "term" "World Champion" was in 1845, when Howard Staunton was described as "the Chess Champion of England, or ... the Champion of the World".
The first known proposal that a contest should be defined "in advance" as being for recognition as the world's best player was by Ludwig Bledow in a letter to von der Lasa, written in 1846 and published in the "Deutsche Schachzeitung" in 1848: "... the winner of the battle in Paris should not be overly proud of his special position, since it is in Trier that the crown will first be awarded" (Bledow died in 1846 and the proposed tournament did not take place). In 1850 to 1851 the forthcoming 1851 London International Tournament was explicitly described as being for the world championship by three commentators: a letter from "a member of the Calcutta Chess Club" (dated 1 August 1850) and another from Captain Hugh Alexander Kennedy (dated October 1850) in the 1850 volume of the "Chess Player's Chronicle"; and the "Liberty Weekly Tribune" in Missouri (June 20, 1851). Although Kennedy was a member of the organizing committee for the tournament, there is no evidence that crowning a world champion was an official aim of the tournament.
The 1851 tournament was won convincingly by Adolf Anderssen. However, there is no evidence that this victory or his equally convincing win in the London 1862 International Tournament led to his being widely acclaimed at the time as the world champion, although Henry Bird retrospectively awarded the title to Anderssen for his victory in 1851. Between these tournaments Paul Morphy visited Europe in 1858 and crushed all opposition in a series of matches. "Harper's Weekly" (25 September 1858) and "The American Union" (9 October 1858) hailed him as the world champion, but another article in "Harper's Weekly" (9 October 1858; by C.H. Stanley) was uncertain about whether to describe the Morphy-Harrwitz match as being for the world championship.
The reign of Wilhelm Steinitz.
Wilhelm Steinitz's reign is notable for:
Undecided:
</ref>
There is no evidence that Steinitz claimed the title for himself immediately after winning a match against Adolf Anderssen in 1866, although in his "International Chess Magazine" (September 1887 and April 1888) he claimed to have been the champion since 1866. It has been suggested that Steinitz could not make such a claim while Paul Morphy was alive – Morphy had defeated Anderssen by a far wider margin in 1858, but retired from chess competition soon after he returned to the USA in 1859, and died in 1884. The earliest known reference to Steinitz as world champion was in the "Chess Player's Chronicle" (October 1872), after he beat Johannes Zukertort in their first match. But the "New York Times" (11 March 1894), "British Chess Magazine" (April 1894) and Emanuel Lasker ("Lasker's Chess Magazine", May 1908) dated his reign from 1866, and in the early 1950s Reuben Fine followed their example. On the other hand many recent commentators divide Steinitz' reign into an "unofficial" one before he beat Zukertort again in 1886 and the first "official" world championship from that time onwards; Steinitz had insisted that the contract for the 1886 match must specify that the match was "for the Championship of the World" ("Chess Monthly", January 1886).
"The Irish Times" (6 March 1879) argued that Steinitz had forfeited the title by prolonged absence from competitive chess and therefore Zukertort should be regarded as champion. The "Chess Player's Chronicle" (18 July 1883) made a more complex argument: other commentators had suggested that Zukertort should be regarded as champion because he had won a major tournament (London 1883, 3 points ahead of Steinitz); the "Chronicle" thought tournaments were an unreliable way of deciding the championship and Steinitz' victories in matches gave him the better claim; and that, if Zukertort were the champion, he should forfeit the title if he declined a challenge, especially from a challenger with Steinitz' credentials, and in that case the title should revert to Steinitz.
In 1887 the American Chess Congress started work on drawing up regulations for the future conduct of world championship contests. Steinitz actively supported this endeavor, as he thought he was becoming too old to remain world champion. The final proposal was that: the winner of a tournament to be held in New York in 1889 should be regarded as world champion for the time being, but must be prepared to face a challenge from the second or third placed competitor within a month. Steinitz wrote that he would not play in the tournament and would not challenge the winner unless the second or third placed competitors failed to do so. The tournament was duly played, but the outcome was not quite as planned: Mikhail Chigorin and Max Weiss tied for first place; their play-off resulted in four draws; and neither wanted to play a championship match - Chigorin had just lost a match against Steinitz and Weiss wanted to get back to his work for the Rothschild Bank. The third prize-winner Isidore Gunsberg was prepared to play Steinitz for the title in New York, and Steinitz won their match in 1890–1891. This experiment was not repeated and the 1894 match in which Steinitz lost his title was a private arrangement between the players.
The Lasker controversies.
Although Emanuel Lasker defended his title more frequently than Steinitz had, his negotiations for title matches from 1911 onwards were extremely controversial. In 1911 he received a challenge for a world title match against José Raúl Capablanca and, in addition to making severe financial demands, proposed some novel conditions: the match should be considered drawn if neither player finished with a two-game lead; and it should have a maximum of 30 games, but finish if either player won six games and had a two-game lead (previous matches had been won by the first to win a certain number of games, usually 10; in theory such a match might go on indefinitely). José Raúl Capablanca objected to the two-game lead clause; Lasker took offence at the terms in which Capablanca criticized the two-game lead condition and broke off negotiations.
Further controversy arose when, in 1912, Lasker's terms for a proposed match with Akiba Rubinstein included a clause that, if Lasker should resign the title after a date had been set for the match, Rubinstein should become world champion ("American Chess Bulletin", October 1913). When he resumed negotiations with José Raúl Capablanca after World War I, Lasker insisted on a similar clause that if Lasker should resign the title after a date had been set for the match, Capablanca should become world champion. On 27 June 1920 Lasker abdicated in favor of Capablanca because of public criticisms of the terms for the match, naming José Raúl Capablanca as his successor ("American Chess Bulletin", July–August 1920). Some commentators questioned Lasker's right to name his successor ("British Chess Magazine", August 1920; "Rochester Democrat and Chronicle"); Amos Burn raised the same objection but welcomed Lasker's resignation of the title ("The Field", 3 July 1920). Capablanca argued that, if the champion abdicated, the title must go to the challenger as any other arrangement would be unfair to the challenger ("British Chess Magazine", October 1922). Lasker also announced that, if he won his match against Capablanca, he would resign the title so that younger masters could compete for it ("Dr Lasker and the Championship" in "American Chess Bulletin", September–October 1920). In the event Capablanca won easily.
Capablanca's attempts to produce agreed rules.
After the breakdown of his first attempt to negotiate a title match against Lasker (1911), Capablanca drafted rules for the conduct of future challenges, which were agreed by the other top players at the 1914 Saint Petersburg tournament, including Lasker, and approved at the Mannheim Congress later that year. The main points were: the champion must be prepared to defend his title once a year; the match should be won by whichever player first won six or eight games (the champion had the right to choose); and the stake should be at least £1,000 (worth about £347,000 or $70,000 in 2006 terms).
Following the controversies surrounding his 1921 match against Lasker, in 1922 world champion Capablanca proposed the "London Rules": the first player to win six games would win the match; playing sessions would be limited to 5 hours; the time limit would be 40 moves in 2½ hours; the champion must defend his title within one year of receiving a challenge from a recognized master; the champion would decide the date of the match; the champion was not obliged to accept a challenge for a purse of less than US $10,000 (worth about $349,000 in 2006 terms); 20% of the purse was to paid to the title holder, and the remainder being divided, 60% going to the winner of the match, and 40% to the loser; the highest purse bid must be accepted. Alekhine, Boguljubow, Maróczy, Réti, Rubinstein, Tartakower and Vidmar promptly signed them.
The only match played under those rules was Capablanca versus Alekhine in 1927, although there has been speculation that the actual contract might have included a "two-game lead" clause. Alekhine, Rubinstein and Nimzowitsch had all challenged Capablanca in the early 1920s but only Alekhine could raise the US $10,000 Capablanca demanded and only in 1927. Immediately after winning, Alekhine announced that he was willing to grant Capablanca a return match provided Capablanca met the requirements of the "London Rules". Negotiations dragged on for several years, often breaking down when agreement seemed in sight.
FIDE, Euwe and AVRO.
Attempts to form an international chess federation were made at the time of the 1914 St. Petersburg, 1914 Mannheim and 1920 Gothenburg Tournaments. On 20 July 1924 the participants at the Paris tournament founded FIDE as a kind of players' union.
FIDE's congresses in 1925 and 1926 expressed a desire to become involved in managing the world championship. FIDE was largely happy with the "London Rules", but claimed that the requirement for a purse of $10,000 was impracticable and called upon Capablanca to come to an agreement with the leading masters to revise the Rules. In 1926 FIDE decided in principle to create a parallel title of "Champion of FIDE" and, in 1928, adopted the forthcoming 1928 Bogoljubow–Euwe match (won by Bologjubow) as being for the "FIDE championship". Alekhine agreed to place future matches for the world title under the auspices of FIDE, except that he would only play Capablanca under the same conditions that governed their match in 1927. Although FIDE wished to set up a "unification" match between Alekhine and Bogoljubow, it made little progress and the title "Champion of FIDE" quietly vanished after Alekhine won the 1929 world championship match that he and Bogoljubow themselves arranged.
While negotiating his 1937 World Championship re-match with Alekhine, Euwe proposed that if he retained the title FIDE should manage the nomination of future challengers and the conduct of championship matches. FIDE had been trying since 1935 to introduce rules on how to select challengers, and its various proposals favored selection by some sort of committee. While they were debating procedures in 1937 and Alekhine and Euwe were preparing for their re-match later that year, the Dutch Chess Federation proposed that a super-tournament (AVRO) of ex-champions and rising stars should be held to select the next challenger. FIDE rejected this proposal and at their second attempt nominated Salo Flohr as the official challenger. Euwe then declared that: if he retained his title against Alekhine he was prepared to meet Flohr in 1940 but he reserved the right to arrange a title match either in 1938 or 1939 with José Raúl Capablanca, who had lost the title to Alekhine in 1927; if Euwe lost his title to Capablanca then FIDE's decision should be followed and Capablanca would have to play Flohr in 1940. Most chess writers and players strongly supported the Dutch super-tournament proposal and opposed the committee processes favored by FIDE. While this confusion went unresolved: Euwe lost his title to Alekhine; the AVRO tournament in 1938 was won by Paul Keres under a tie-breaking rule, with Reuben Fine placed second and Capablanca and Flohr in the bottom places; and the outbreak of World War II in 1939 cut short the controversy.
Birth of FIDE's World Championship cycle.
Before 1946 a new World Champion had won the title by defeating the former champion in a match. Alexander Alekhine's death created an "interregnum" (gap between reigns) that made the normal procedure impossible. The situation was very confused, with many respected players and commentators offering different solutions. FIDE found it very difficult to organize the early discussions on how to resolve the "interregnum" because problems with money and travel so soon after the end of World War II prevented many countries from sending representatives. The shortage of clear information resulted in otherwise responsible magazines publishing rumors and speculation, which only made the situation more confused.
It did not help that the Soviet Union had long refused to join FIDE, and by this time it was clear that about half the credible contenders were Soviet citizens. But the Soviet Union realized it could not afford to be left out of the discussions about the vacant world championship, and in 1947 sent a telegram apologizing for the absence of Soviet representatives and requesting that the USSR be represented in future FIDE Committees.
The eventual solution was very similar to FIDE's initial proposal and to a proposal put forward by the Soviet Union (authored by Mikhail Botvinnik). The 1938 AVRO tournament was used as the basis for the 1948 Championship Tournament. The AVRO tournament had brought together the eight players who were, by general acclamation, the best players in the world at the time. Two of the participants at AVRO - Alekhine and former world champion José Raúl Capablanca - had died; but FIDE decided that the championship should be awarded to the winner of a round-robin tournament in which the other six participants at AVRO would play four games against each other. These players were: Max Euwe, from the Netherlands; Botvinnik, Paul Keres and Salo Flohr from the Soviet Union; and Reuben Fine and Samuel Reshevsky from the USA. But FIDE soon accepted a Soviet request to substitute Vasily Smyslov for Flohr, and Fine dropped out in order to continue his degree studies in psychiatry, so only five players competed. Botvinnik won convincingly and thus became world champion, ending the "interregnum".
Since Keres lost his first four games against Botvinnik in the 1948 World Championship Tournament, suspicions are sometimes raised that Keres was forced to "throw" games to allow Botvinnik to win the Championship. Chess historian Taylor Kingston investigated all the available evidence and arguments, and concluded that: Soviet chess officials gave Keres strong hints that he should not hinder Botvinnik's attempt to win the World Championship; Botvinnik only discovered this about half-way through the tournament and protested so strongly that he angered Soviet officials; Keres probably did not deliberately lose games to Botvinnik or anyone else in the tournament.
The proposals which led to the 1948 Championship Tournament also specified the procedure by which challengers for the World Championship would be selected in a 3-year cycle: countries affiliated to FIDE would send players to Zonal Tournaments (the number varied depending on how many good enough players each country had); the players who gained the top places in these would compete in an Interzonal Tournament (later split into two and then three tournaments as the number of countries and eligible players increased); the highest-placed players from the Interzonal would compete in the Candidates Tournament, along with whoever lost the previous title match and the second-placed competitor in the previous Candidates Tournament 3 years earlier; and the winner of the Candidates played a title match against the champion. Until 1962 inclusive the Candidates Tournament was a multi-cycle round-robin tournament - how and why it was changed are described below.
FIDE system 1948–1993.
1949–1963.
The FIDE system followed its 1948 design through five cycles: 1948–1951, 1951–1954, 1954–1957, 1957–1960 and 1960–1963. In 1956 FIDE introduced two apparently minor changes which Soviet grandmaster and chess official Yuri Averbakh alleged were instigated by the two Soviet representatives in FIDE, who were personal friends of reigning champion Mikhail Botvinnik. A defeated champion would have the right to a return match, a provision which enabled Botvinnik to regain his title from Vasily Smyslov in 1958 and from Mikhail Tal in 1961. FIDE also limited the number of players from the same country that could compete in the Candidates Tournament, on the grounds that it would reduce Soviet dominance of the tournament. Averbakh claimed that this was to Botvinnik's advantage as it reduced the number of Soviet players he might have to meet in the title match.
1963–1972.
After the 1962 Candidates Tournament, Bobby Fischer publicly alleged that the Soviets had colluded to prevent any non-Soviet – specifically him – from winning. He claimed that Tigran Petrosian, Efim Geller and Paul Keres had pre-arranged to draw all their games, and that Viktor Korchnoi had been instructed to lose to them. Averbakh, who was head of the Soviet team, confirmed in 2002 that Petrosian, Geller and Keres arranged to draw all their games in order to save their energy for games against non-Soviet players, and a statistical analysis in 2006 backed this up. Another contestant, Pal Benko, claimed that towards the end of the tournament Petrosian and Geller, who were friends, helped Benko with adjournment analysis of his game against Keres, who was the main threat to Petrosian. Korchnoi, who defected from the USSR in 1976, has never alleged he was forced to throw games. FIDE responded by changing the format of future Candidates Tournaments to eliminate the possibility of collusion. Beginning in the next cycle, 1963–1966, the round-robin tournament was replaced by a series of elimination matches. Initially the quarter-finals and semi-finals were best of 10 games, and the final was best of 12. This was the system under which Boris Spassky twice challenged Petrosian for the title, unsuccessfully in 1966 and successfully in 1969.
Fischer withdrew from the 1967 Sousse Interzonal tournament in the 1966–1969 World Championship cycle, after leading with 8½ points from the first 10 games. His observance of the Worldwide Church of God's sabbath was honored by the organizers, but deprived Fischer of several rest days, which led to a scheduling dispute.
In the 1969–1972 cycle Fischer caused two more crises. He refused to play in the 1969 US Championship, which was a Zonal Tournament. This would have eliminated him from the 1969–1972 cycle, but Benko was persuaded to concede his place in the Interzonal to Fischer. FIDE President Max Euwe accepted this maneuver and interpreted the rules very flexibly to enable Fischer to play, as he thought it important for the health and reputation of the game that Fischer should have the opportunity to challenge for the title as soon as possible. Fischer crushed all opposition and won the right to challenge reigning champion Boris Spassky. After agreeing to play in Yugoslavia Fischer raised a series of objections and Iceland was the final venue. Even then Fischer raised difficulties, mainly over money. It took a phone call from United States Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and a doubling of the prize money by financier Jim Slater to persuade him to play. After a few more traumatic moments Fischer won the match 12½-8½.
1972–1975: Fischer forfeits the title.
Anatoly Karpov won the right to challenge Fisher in 1975 for the World Championship. Fischer objected to the "best of 24 games" championship match format that had been used from 1951 onwards, claiming that it would encourage whoever got an early lead to play for draws. Instead he demanded that the match should be won by whoever first won 10 games, except that if the score reached 9-9 he should remain champion. He argued that this was more advantageous to the challenger than the champion's advantage under the existing system, where the champion retained the title if the match was tied at 12-12 including draws. Eventually FIDE deposed Fischer and crowned Karpov as the new champion.
1975–1993: Karpov and Kasparov.
Karpov dominated the 1970s and early 1980s with an incredible string of tournament successes. He convincingly demonstrated that he was the strongest player in the world by defending his title twice against ex-Soviet Viktor Korchnoi, first in Baguio City in 1978 (6–5 with 21 draws) then in Meran in 1981 (6–2, with 10 draws). His "boa constrictor" style frustrated opponents, often causing them to lash out and err. This allowed him to bring the full force of his Botvinnik-learned dry technique (both Karpov and Kasparov were students at Botvinnik's school) against them, grinding his way to victory.
He eventually lost his title to a fiery, aggressive, tactical player who was equally convincing over the board: Garry Kasparov. The two of them fought five incredibly close world championship matches, the World Chess Championship 1984 (controversially terminated without result with Karpov leading +5 -3 =40), World Chess Championship 1985 (in which Kasparov won the title, 13–11), World Chess Championship 1986 (narrowly won by Kasparov, 12½–11½), World Chess Championship 1987 (drawn 12–12, Kasparov retaining the title), and World Chess Championship 1990 (again narrowly won by Kasparov, 12½–11½).
Split title 1993–2005.
In 1993, Kasparov and challenger Nigel Short complained of corruption and a lack of professionalism within FIDE and split from FIDE to set up the Professional Chess Association (PCA), under whose auspices they held their match. FIDE and the PCA each held a championship cycle in 1993–96, with many of the same challengers playing in both, and Karpov and Kasparov retaining their respective titles.
"classical":
"FIDE":
In 1993, Kasparov and challenger Nigel Short complained of corruption and a lack of professionalism within FIDE and split from FIDE to set up the Professional Chess Association (PCA), under whose auspices they held their match. The event was orchestrated largely by Raymond Keene. Keene brought the event to London (FIDE had planned it for Manchester), and England was whipped up into something of a chess fever: Channel 4 broadcast some 81 programmes on the match, the BBC also had coverage, and Short appeared in television beer commercials. Kasparov crushed Short by five points, and interest in chess in the UK soon died down.
Affronted by the PCA split, FIDE stripped Kasparov of his title and held a championship match between Karpov (champion prior to Kasparov and defeated by Short in the Candidates semi-final) and Jan Timman (defeated by Short in the Candidates final) in the Netherlands and Jakarta, Indonesia. Karpov emerged victorious.
FIDE and the PCA each held a championship cycle in 1993–96, with many of the same challengers playing in both, and Karpov and Kasparov retaining their respective titles. In the PCA cycle, Kasparov defeated Viswanathan Anand in the PCA World Chess Championship 1995. Karpov defeated Gata Kamsky in the final of the FIDE World Chess Championship 1996. Negotiations were held for a reunification match between Kasparov and Karpov in 1996–97, but nothing came of them.
Soon after the 1995 championship, the PCA folded, and Kasparov had no organisation to choose his next challenger. In 1998 he formed the World Chess Council, which organised a candidates match between Alexei Shirov and Vladimir Kramnik. Shirov won the match, but negotiations for a Kasparov-Shirov match broke down, and Shirov was subsequently omitted from negotiations, much to his disgust. Plans for a 1999 or 2000 Kasparov-Anand match also broke down, and Kasparov organised a match with Kramnik in late 2000. In a major upset, Kramnik won the Classical World Chess Championship 2000 match with two wins, thirteen draws, and no losses.
FIDE, meanwhile, scrapped the Interzonal and Candidates system, instead having a large knock-out event in which a large number of players contested short matches against each other over just a few weeks. (See FIDE World Chess Championship 1998). Very fast games were used to resolve ties at the end of each round, a format which some felt did not necessarily recognize the highest quality play: Kasparov refused to participate in these events, as did Kramnik after he won Kasparov's title in 2000. In the first of these events, champion Karpov was seeded straight into the final, but subsequently the champion had to qualify like other players. Karpov defended his title in the first of these championships in 1998, but resigned his title in anger at the new rules in 1999. Alexander Khalifman took the title in 1999, Anand in 2000, Ruslan Ponomariov in 2002 and Rustam Kasimdzhanov won the event in 2004.
By 2002, not only were there two rival champions, but Kasparov's strong results – he had the top Elo rating in the world and had won a string of major tournaments after losing his title in 2000 – ensured even more confusion over who was World Champion. So in May 2002, American grandmaster Yasser Seirawan led the organisation of the so-called "Prague Agreement" to reunite the world championship. Kramnik had organised a candidates tournament (won later in 2002 by Peter Leko) to choose his challenger. So it was decided that Kasparov played the FIDE champion (Ponomariov) for the FIDE title, and the winners of the two titles played for a unified title.
However, the matches proved difficult to finance and organise. The Kramnik-Leko match, now renamed the "Classical World Chess Championship", did not take place until late 2004 (it was drawn, so Kramnik retained his title). Meanwhile, FIDE never managed to organise a Kasparov match, either with 2002 FIDE champion Ponomariov, or 2004 FIDE champion Kasimdzhanov. Partly due to his frustration at the situation, Kasparov retired from chess in 2005, still ranked No. 1 in the world.
Soon after, FIDE dropped the short knockout format for World Championship and announced the FIDE World Chess Championship 2005, a double round robin tournament to be held in San Luis, Argentina between eight of the leading players in the world. However, Kramnik insisted that his title be decided in a match, and declined to participate. The tournament was convincingly won by the Bulgarian Veselin Topalov, and negotiations began for a Kramnik-Topalov match to unify the title.
FIDE system since 2006.
The FIDE World Chess Championship 2006 reunification match between Topalov and Kramnik was held in late 2006. After much controversy, it was won by Kramnik. Kramnik thus became the first unified and undisputed World Chess Champion since Kasparov split from FIDE to form the PCA in 1993.
Kramnik played to defend his title at the World Chess Championship 2007 in Mexico. This was an 8-player double round robin tournament, the same format as was used for the FIDE World Chess Championship 2005. This tournament was won by Viswanathan Anand, thus making him the current World Chess Champion.
Because Anand's World Chess Champion title was won in a tournament rather than a match, a minority of commentators questioned the validity of his title. Kramnik also made ambiguous comments about the value of Anand's title, but did not claim the title himself.
Subsequent world championship matches returned to the format of a match between the champion and a challenger. The World Chess Championship 2008 was a 12-game match between the current champion Viswanathan Anand and 2006 champion Vladimir Kramnik. Anand convincingly defended his title in 11 games with 6½–4½. The World Chess Championship 2010 took place in April and May 2010, where Anand defeated 2005 FIDE champion Veselin Topalov (who defeated Chess World Cup 2007 winner Gata Kamsky in a match in February 2009 to determine Anand's challenger) to defend the title for the second time.
FIDE has announced that after that, there will be a championship cycle every two years, beginning with the World Chess Championship 2012. The first stage of 2012 qualification, the FIDE Grand Prix 2008–2010, began in April 2008. The final stage of qualification ended in May 2011, with Boris Gelfand emerging as the winner of the Candidates Tournament and the right to challenge Anand for the World Chess Championship 2012. Anand retained his title by beating Gelfand 2½–1½ in a four-game tie-breaker round, after the two ended the 12-game series level. Anand lost his title to Magnus Carlsen in November 2013 in Chennai, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19171345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171345" title="Lists of governments of Lithuania">
Lists of governments of Lithuania

Lists of governments of Lithuania include two periods:

</doc>
<doc id="19171363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171363" title="Thomas Griffiths">
Thomas Griffiths

Thomas, Tom or Tommy Griffiths may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171387" title="John Maffey">
John Maffey

John Maffey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171403" title="Alexandra Stewart">
Alexandra Stewart

Alexandra Stewart (born June 10, 1939) is a Canadian actress. 
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Alexandra Stewart left for Paris, France, in 1958, to study art. Within a year, she made her film debut in "Les Motards", and has since then enjoyed a steady career in both French- and English-language films. 
Besides her cinema career, she regularly appeared on television in shows such as "Les Jeux de 20 heures" and "L'Académie des neuf". She has also appeared in the 1981 cartoon "Space Stars" and had cameos in "", "The Saint", "Danger Man" (TV Series) and the pilot episode of "The X-Files".
She was part of the jury of the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival.
She has a daughter, Justine, with the French director Louis Malle.

</doc>
<doc id="19171431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171431" title="Yasuoka">
Yasuoka

Yasuoka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171442" title="Goat River (Kootenay River)">
Goat River (Kootenay River)

The Goat River is tributary of the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The river meets the Kootenay near the town of Creston. The Goat River Dam, constructed in the 1930s, was an early source of electricity for the town. Before dikes were built, the river was a major source of spring flooding in the Creston valley.
History.
In the 1860s, the lower Goat River valley became part of the route for the Dewdney Trail, connecting the gold fields of Wild Horse Creek with the coast. Surveyed and constructed by Edgar Dewdney and Walter Moberly, the trail was seen as a countermeasure to American encroachment into the southern Kootenays. 
The demand for electricity in the growing town of Creston led to the construction of the Goat River Dam in the early 1930s. The concrete arch dam is located five kilometers east of Creston. It operated until the large power projects of the 1950s in the Kootenays reduced the need for the generating station, which suffered from ice buildup in winter and an inconstant water supply. It was decommissioned and sold in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19171501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171501" title="Thai vote of confidence referendum, 2008">
Thai vote of confidence referendum, 2008

A vote of confidence on the government of Prime Minister of Thailand Samak Sundaravej in the form of a referendum was supposed to be held in Thailand later in 2008. The vote is being called to determine if Samak's government should stay in office following the 2008 Thai political crisis. However, the Constitutional Court of Thailand sacked Samak from office on September 9, 2008, Samak was replaced by the Deputy Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat after a vote in the National Assembly of Thailand on September 17, 2008.
Background.
The Cabinet of Thailand held a meeting at the Royal Thai Army Headquarters in Bangkok in which plans for a referendum on the government after PM Samak refused to call for a dissolution of parliament and hold snap elections or he and his government will resign. Culture Minister Somsak Kiatsuranond announced to the media on the proposal after the special cabinet meeting. The Council of State is currently deciding on the referendum question and the details of the referendum. He said the cabinet members are planning a referendum which ask voters on the government and the current cabinet - even giving voters an opportunity to comment on the ongoing political crisis and standoff in Bangkok. Questions might include whether voters approve of the government, want it to resign, or favor a new election. "Prime Minister Samak (Sundaravej) sees this as the best solution," said by the Culture Minister.
Disqualification of Premiership.
Reactions Following the Decision Delivery.
Karn Tienkaew, deputy leader of Samak's People's Power Party, said it planned to propose a parliamentary vote Wednesday on returning Samak to power: "Samak still has legitimacy. The party still hopes to vote him back unless he says no. Otherwise we have many other capable candidates."
On 10 September 2008, however, the PPP shied away from their earlier statement they would renominate Sundaravej and was apparently looking for an alternative candidate instead; the new PM was to be nominated on 12 September 2008.
People Power Party's deputy spokesman Kuthep Suthin Klangsang, on September 12, 2008, announced that: "Samak has accepted his nomination for prime minister. Samak said he is confident that parliament will find him fit for office, and that he is happy to accept the post. A majority of party members voted Thursday to reappoint Samak. Samak is the leader of our party so he is the best choice." Despite objections from its coalition partners, the PPP, in an urgent meeting, unanimously decided to renominate Samak Sundaravej. 5 coalition parties, namely Chart Thai, Matchima Thipataya, Pracharaj, Puea Pandin and Ruam Jai Thai Chart Pattana, unanimously agreed to support the People Power party (PPP) to set up the new government and vote for the person who should be nominated as the new prime minister. Chart Thai deputy leader Somsak Prissananantakul and Ruam Jai Thai Chart Pattana leader Chettha Thanajaro said the next prime minister who will be nominated on Friday. Caretaker prime minister Somchai Wongsawat said PPP secretary-general Surapong Suebwonglee will notify the 5 parties who the PPP nominates to take office again. Some lawmakers, however, said they will propose an alternate candidate. Meanwhile, Thailand's army chief Gen. Anupong Paochinda said he backed the creation of a unity government that would include all the country's parties, and he also asked for the lifting of a state of emergency that Samak imposed on September 2.
On 12 September 2008, the quorum for selecting the new PM was not reached and the decision was delayed to 17 September 2008 in an event seen as signaling the end of Samak's career. After its four coalition partners stated they'd prefer someone else to become PM instead of Samak, the PPP agreed to drop his nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19171525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171525" title="Toubkal National Park">
Toubkal National Park

Toubkal National Park is a national park in the High Atlas mountain range, 70 kilometres from Marrakech in central-western Morocco. Established in 1942, it covers an area of 380 km2. Jbel Toubkal is the highest peak of the park at 4,167 metres.
Archeological Sites.
In October 2012 salafists were blamed for destroying an 8,000 year old rock engraving, known as a petroglyph, within the park that depicted the Sun as a divinity.
Mountains.
The park contains the following mountains:

</doc>
<doc id="19171526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171526" title="Nigel Hitchcock">
Nigel Hitchcock

Nigel Hitchcock (born Nigel Hitchcock in Rustington, England, 4 January 1971) is an English jazz saxophonist.
Biography.
Hitchcock began to play alto sax at the age of eight. In 1982 he and his elder brother Clive joined the National Youth Jazz Orchestra. After one year Nigel took the lead alto chair for the next five years. During this time the orchestra toured with different musicians such as Vic Damone, Buddy Greco and Al Martino.
At the age of 16 Hitchcock moved to London and began his career as a session musician and also had recorded TV jingles, movie soundtracks, and pop solos.
In 1989 he joined the contemporary saxophone quartet Itchy Fingers. The band toured Europe and South-East Asia for 18 months. With Itchy Fingers Hitchcock received three jazz awards: the Schlitz award for rising star, the Cleo Laine Personal Award for best young musician, and the Pat Smythe Trust award. He left the band to continue as a pop and session musician.
Nigel has performed with many artists including Tom Jones, Wet Wet Wet, Beverley Craven, Ray Charles, Robbie Williams, and Mark Knopfler and has released his solo album "Snake Ranch Sessions".

</doc>
<doc id="19171530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171530" title="Thomas Griffiths (bishop)">
Thomas Griffiths (bishop)

Thomas Griffiths (born in London, 2 June 1791; died 19 August 1847) was an English Roman Catholic bishop.
Life.
He was the first and only Vicar Apostolic of the London District educated wholly in England. At the age of thirteen he was sent to St. Edmund's College, Old Hall, where he went through the whole course, and was ordained priest in 1814. Four years later he was chosen as president, at the age of 27. He ruled the college for fifteen years, at the end of which time he was appointed coadjutor to Bishop Bramston, then Vicar Apostolic of the London District. He was consecrated as titular Bishop of Olena at St. Edmund's College, 28 October 1833. Within three years Bishop Bramston died, and Bishop Griffiths succeeded him.
The agitation for a regular Catholic hierarchy in England became more and more pronounced and as a preliminary measure, in 1840, the four ecclesiastical "districts" into which England had been divided since the reign of James II of England were subdivided to form eight, Dr. Griffiths retaining the new London District. Soon after this, the Oxford movement and attendant Catholic conversions began: and the immigration of Irish Catholics grew. At the same time the growth of the British colonies, many of which had been until lately ruled as part of the London District, brought him into contact with the government. In all these spheres Griffiths discharged his duties with practical ability; but it was thought that he would not have the breadth of view or experience necessary for initiating the new hierarchy, and (according to Bishop Ullathorne) this was the reason why its establishment was postponed.
When Griffiths died, somewhat unexpectedly, in 1847 Ullathorne himself preached the funeral sermon. The body of the deceased prelate was laid temporarily in the vaults of Moorfields Church; but two years later it was removed to St. Edmund's College, where a new chapel by Augustus Pugin was in course of erection, and a special chantry was built to receive the body of Griffiths, to whose initiative the chapel was due. An oil painting of Griffiths is at Archbishop's House, Westminster; another, more modern, at St. Edmund's College.

</doc>
<doc id="19171545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171545" title="Ville Taulo">
Ville Taulo

Ville Taulo (born 14 August 1985 in Lahti) is a Finnish footballer, who represents Alta in the Norwegian Adeccoligaen.
Club career.
He has played for both FC Lahti and HJK in Finnish Veikkausliiga. In January 2010 it was announced that he had signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with Italian club Taranto.
Just after one unsuccessful season - and only five first team appearances - Taulo was loaned to AC Bellinzona. In April 2012 Taulo was loaned to FC Lahti for three months.

</doc>
<doc id="19171576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171576" title="Cayoosh Creek">
Cayoosh Creek

Cayoosh Creek is a northeast-flowing tributary of the Seton River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The name is used locally to refer to the final reaches of the Seton River, formerly Seton Creek, and remains on the bridge-sign crossing the stream on BC Highway 99.
Course.
Cayoosh Creek flows generally northeast from sources in the eponymous Cayoosh Range north of Cayoosh Pass to join the Seton River at of Lillooet. In local parlance, the 4 kilometre length of the Seton River to its confluence with the Fraser at the town of Lillooet is referred to as Cayoosh Creek, as is indicated by a Department of Highways sign on the BC Highway 99 bridge crossing it just before the Bridge of the Twenty-Three Camels over the Fraser, which lies immediately upstream of the river's mouth. 
Cayoosh Canyon.
Although already 10km long when it enters Duffey Lake, a long lake which is the focus of its upper basin, at the lake's outflow it begins a rapid descent, carving deeply between the Cayoosh Range and the main Lillooet Ranges to the south. Duffey Lake is named for "Sapper Duffy", a Lieut. Patrick Duffey (or "Duffy") or the Royal Engineers, who was assigned to investigate the route of the Cayoosh valley as a possible wagon road from the head of Lillooet Lake to Lillooet, which because of the steep descent westwards from Cayoosh Pass was not gone forward with. The creek's final descent to the confluence with the Seton is a deeper and deeper canyon, narrow and twisting, with the last ridges of the Cayoosh Range forming a rock wall thousands of feet in height, immediately opposite the highway across a very narrow gorge below. The north wall of the canyon was the location of the Golden Cache Mine, which started a small regional rush in 1897-1898 and whose former mill buildings were in the depths of the canyon below the highway and whose workings were reached by ramparts beneath overhangs on the highest part of the canyon wall. This stretch of the canyon was the site of the hunt for First World War hero-turned-outlaw Frank Gott, who is commemorated by Gott Peak which is on the southern rim of the Cayoosh basin, on the divide separating it from the basin of the Stein River, which parallels it roughly to the south, and by Gott Peak which is one of Cayoosh Creek's several large southern tributaries.
At the bottom of the canyon, as the highway clings to a mountainface some three thousand feet high, ranging from one to two thousand feet to the creek, steep below, there is a small private reservoir formed by a dam where Cayoosh Falls had once been known as Walden North. Walden North was a private estate and scientific research facility and manufacturing installation built by American uranium prospector Vernon Pick. From Cayoosh Falls to the Fraser was the scene of the Cayoosh Gold Rush of the 1880s, in which 300 Chinese gold miners were estimated by the local Government Agent to have taken out around $6 million in gold. The creek's riverbed throughout this stretch was literally turned upside down and remains of Chinese gold-mills and gold-furnaces can be found near the Hydro campsite, as well as piles of washed rocks which are byproducts of Chinese mining methods.
"Nkoomptch".
Towering over the lower reaches of the canyon and Walden North as a large BC Hydro-run campground on the creek's final bottomlands near the Seton River, is Mount Brew. Brew is the highest in the northern Lillooet Ranges at 9970'; the elevation of the confluence is about 700', the edge of Brew's summit above, less than a mile to the south, is around 8800'. A buttress of Mount Brew lies to the southeast of the confluence, even closer and overhanging the lower Seton River, and features an 8000' near-sheer wall, while on the north across the Seton River are the last ramparts of Mission Ridge, reaching up to 6000' in this area, which is also the terminus of the Cayoosh Range. The combined gorge-walls of Seton Lake, the Cayoosh Range, Cayoosh Canyon, Mount Brew and its northward buttress, and the last buttress of Mission Ridge, form a large canyon complex ranging from 5000' to 7000' which also is a zone of extreme aridity and high summer temperatures, featuring lizards, cactus, and sagebrush. "Nkoomptch" is the historical name for this locality historically and means "water crossing over" in the St'at'imcets language. In this locality, Governor Seymour commissioned one of the Interior's three first flour mills in 1862, the others being at Big Bar 60 km up the Fraser, in times when the Lillooet District produced mostly grain, as a measure to secure food supplies for the Cariboo gold rush. A store was also located in this area, operated by Dan Hurley, a Lillooet rancher and hotelier, as this was the route of the wagon road from the foot of Seton Lake, the last water leg of the Douglas Road, into Lillooet.
Cayoosh Creek's last reaches are unusual in that they are bridged by a canal, the Seton Canal, which is part of the last phase of the Bridge River Power Project and feeds a powerhouse on the Fraser just south of the Seton River's confluence.
Name.
The name of the river probably derives from the Cayuse, whose name had become used for a type of horse. There are differing accounts over how the stream acquired its name.
"Cayoosh" is the local form of Cayuse, and in the Lillooet and Chilcotin regions refers to a particular strain of Indian mountain pony
The traditional indigenous name of the stream is said to be Tsammuk and/or Tsho-ha-mous.

</doc>
<doc id="19171674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171674" title="Mark Atkinson (footballer)">
Mark Atkinson (footballer)

Mark Atkinson (born 16 February 1970) was an association football player who frequently represented New Zealand.
His senior career began with Central United before he moved to Australia to join Carlton S.C.. A short stint with Eastern Pride followed before Atkinson was recruited for the Football Kingz' inaugural season the A-League
Atkinson made his full All Whites debut in a 1-0 win over Fiji on 7 June 1997. He was included in the New Zealand side for the 1999 Confederations Cup finals tournament and he ended his international playing career with 36 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap a substitute appearance in a 5-0 win over Tahiti on 6 June 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19171677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171677" title="Di Bella">
Di Bella

Di Bella is an Italian surname.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19171691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171691" title="Asia First">
Asia First

The Asia First strategy was pushed for in the early 1950s by the powerful 'China Lobby' of the Republican Party in the United States, strongly supported by US General Douglas MacArthur.
The Asia First strategy called for the future concentration of American resources in the Far East to fight against the encroaching spread of Communism, in a similar way to the Marshall Plan and Truman Doctrine in Europe. US resources in Europe would therefore be reduced to a bare minimum. 
The policy was suggested in a period of great anxiety in the USA as Cold War tensions were heightened following the Korean War, 1950–53 and the rise of Communism in China in 1949. These tensions put great pressure on President Truman to adopt this policy, but ultimately he rejected it fearing that it would pin the USA down in the Far East dealing with a 'secondary enemy' - the People's Republic of China - whilst the Soviet Union, his real concern, would have a free hand in Europe.
Truman did however make some attempts to strengthen the American position in the Far East, but not at the expense of Europe. In 1950 the US promised military assistance to the French in the struggle against the Communist Viet Minh in Indochina. In 1951 the United States signed a peace treaty with Japan allowing US troops to remain stationed at Okinawa and tying Japan to the US. Also in the period 1950-51 US reinforcements were sent to Korea to strengthen the US military position there. In this period the US navy was also steamed into the Formosa Straits as a deterrent to prevent conflict between the Chinese nationalists who had escaped to the island of Formosa and the Chinese communists in mainland China.

</doc>
<doc id="19171701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171701" title="Luke Ashworth">
Luke Ashworth

Luke Alexander Ashworth (born 4 December 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Conference National side Hyde. He plays as a defender.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Bolton, Greater Manchester, Ashworth made his professional debut during a loan period at Leyton Orient from his original club Wigan Athletic, in Orient's 4–2 Football League Trophy win against Southend United on 2 September 2008, and his league debut eleven days later. He returned to Wigan on 3 November 2008.
He signed for Leyton Orient on a permanent basis in January 2009, and scored his first professional goal for Orient in the FA Cup first round tie against Tranmere Rovers on 7 November 2009. On 23 June 2010, he left Orient on a free transfer and joined Rotherham United. After his release from Rotherham in the summer of 2011, he played for Harrogate Town between 9 September and 13 December, after which he signed for Halifax in December on a non-contract basis. He left the club in May 2012.
Hyde.
After being released from Halifax at the end of the season, he moved up a division to go and play at Conference National newcomers Hyde. He made his debut for the club in the opening game of the 2012–13 season, in a 2–2 draw away at Braintree Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19171713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171713" title="Ville Wallén">
Ville Wallén

Ville Wallén (born 20 June 1976) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Veikkausliiga club HJK Helsinki. He has been at the club since 2000 and is serving as the current team captain.

</doc>
<doc id="19171725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171725" title="Edward Giles Stone">
Edward Giles Stone

Edward Giles Stone (17 February 1873 (1876?) – 16 October 1947) was an Australian engineer prominent in many innovative, often daringly and spectacular, aspects of early reinforced concrete constructions in Australia. He was also involved in cement manufacture.
Early life.
Stone was born on in Sydney, the son of John Jasper Stone, Civil Engineer, and Caroline Smith. He served a 'cadetship' with his father, then worked for the Roads and Bridges Branch of the Public Works Department for about seven years, after which he joined the Sewerage Construction Department. Three years later, in 1900, he joined the newly formed Sydney Harbour Trust as Chief Design Engineer. In 1907 he entered private practice as 'Consulting Engineer and Structural Architect, specialising in Reinforced Concrete'. It is of interest that Stone was working for the Road and Bridges Branch at the same time that former members of the branch were building the first reinforced concrete structures in Australia.
In 1909 Stone applied for a patent for 'improvements relating to storage chambers' such as silos, using precast concrete plates with integral edge beams, these edges being formed with flanges and gussets to assist in their assembly. Stone set up a precasting plant in Emu Plains NSW, for the manufacture of reinforced concrete houses, silos, water troughs, bins and other products. The system he developed was used for the construction of a five-roomed cottage, still standing at 2 Railway Street, Emu Plains and for a large house of two storeys in Iandra (7 Windermere Avenue, Northmead) for George Henry Greene, member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales (listed on the Baulkham Hills LEP). Stone also built other houses and silos. On Greene's property, he also built a stable and a motor garage, a large silo surmounted by a water tank, and single-storey bachelor’s quarters, completed in 1910 and known locally as Iandra Castle.
Stone and Siddeley.
In 1912 Stone entered a partnership with Ernest J. Siddeley, in which Stone was the driving design force while Siddeley was the project manager who executed the works. Edward Giles Stone adopted the Considère system for reinforcing concrete and the partnership produced some remarkable buildings and structures using this system, notably the Dennys Lascelles Austin wool store at Geelong, the Barwon Sewerage Aqueduct, Floating Pontoons at Circular Quay and the Breakwater at Glenelg. Stone and his partner Siddeley designed and constructed the concrete structures on the Mortlake Gas Works in Sydney including the coal and coke bunkers, the tunnel to take the Telpher system under the retorts, as well as the Power House.
Stone is seen as an important early user of reinforced concrete of interest due to his use of the Considère system. Elements of the Considère system, notably the helical wrapping later became accepted reinforcing practice but at the time of Stone was working, the approach was novel.
Lewis considers "the most innovative form of reinforcement used in Australia was that of the Frenchman Armand-Gabriel Considère." The Considère system worked on the basic principle of the reinforcement of compression members with heavy spiral reinforcing bars, much heavier than would be necessary for a simple ligature. Considère's compression members were usually circular or polygonal in section, and he introduced spiral winding in other zones of compression, such as the haunches of beams, where they were angled up on the slope.
The development of reinforced concrete and its application in Australia has been discussed by various authors. Of the various patented systems, the Monier system was implemented in NSW by Carter, Gummow & Co from 1895 followed by its implementation in Victoria by Monash and Anderson from 1905 (see Sir John Monash. Miles Lewis has noted "The reason why few engineers were active is that the technology was riddled with patents, and that the Monier company in particular tried to give the impression that they had the sole rights to reinforced concrete.
However, Stone was not merely important because of his application of a reinforcing system in Australia, from some of his known works Stone was an innovative and daring designer of concrete structures. 
The partnership of Stone and Siddeley was an important rival to the practice of Monash and Anderson.
Opinions seem to vary as to the cause of the practice’s demise. The breakwater at Glenelg was never completed and there was a dispute with the South Australian government. Stone had some unfortunate associations with cement production in Tasmania (possibly at the Goliath works) and at Port Kembla.
Early Designs in Reinforced Concrete.
It is interesting, when comparing Edward Giles Stone’s work with that of his contemporaries such as John Monash and others, that Stone combined the innovation of reinforced concrete with some spectacular designs of which the Dennys Lascelles Austin wool store, and the Barwon Sewer Auqeduct, seem to have been the most prominent.
The status of these two works attests to Stone’s prominence as an innovative designer of reinforced concrete structures being at the time (early 20th century) one of the leading designers in the world working in reinforced concrete (but probably he wasn’t known outside Australia).
Edward Giles Stone’s legacy can be seen through the heritage listing of two of his greatest works.
The Barwon Sewer Aqueduct.
The aqueduct was built between 1913 and 1915. It is a reinforced concrete truss structure, in a form derived from the Firth of Forth rail bridge in Scotland, with a typical span of 53.7m and an overall length of 756m. Both the maximum span and the overall length are far in excess of any other Australian reinforced concrete structure of the time). The truss form is most unusual in concrete, very few being built anywhere in the world.
The structure is significant at the National level as an early, unique and innovative use of reinforced concrete .The structure which has remarkable aesthetic and technical qualities is dramatically situated in the landscape of the Barwon River floodplain near Breakwater, Geelong. 
The site is included on the Victorian Heritage Register (VHR Number: H0895) and the Register of National Estate (RNE 16061) 
See also the non-statutory National Trust of Australia (Victoria) Register (B5779) 
The former Dennys Lascelles Austin Concrete Woolstore.
This was a series of buildings in Geelong built in stages from 1872. The final major extension to the buildings was the so-called Bow String Truss building, which was started in 1910. The architect and engineer was Edward Giles Stone. The builder of the concrete woolstore was J C Taylor and Sons although much of the construction was by day labour. The building was a very early and innovative use of reinforced concrete. Of particular note are the daringly large trusses on the top floor, which provided a clear space of 55m x 52m, an important consideration for the Dennys' style of selling wool at the place of storage and display. Not only was this by a very big margin the largest reinforced concrete roof span in the world, but also it was assembled with enormous ingenuity. The great span was achieved by adopting the principles of bridge design, and in fact copying the form of a major bridge at Plougastel in Brittany designed by Considère in his position at the Ponts et Chaussées. The trusses were, in fact, paired with the sawtooth roof passing through them. They followed the Considère patent in form and method of reinforcing. The precast panels of the roof were also notable. 
The site is registered on the Victorian Heritage Register (VHR Number: H0587) and was included on the Register of The National Estate (RNE 19070).
See also the non-statutory National Trust of Australia (Victoria) Register (B4710) 
The building was nominated for world heritage listing due to its exceptional characteristics relating to the pioneering use of reinforced concrete. The world heritage nomination had been supported by international referees who had assessed the application. Unfortunately this building was demolished, in controversial circumstances, in 1990.
The 1917 Coastal Traders Proposal.
"The Argus" of Friday 8 June 1917 p6 reports a proposal of Stone's to construct a fleet of concrete ships. The paper reported "Mr. E. G. Stone, of Messrs. Stone and Siddeley, engineers and contractors, has put before the Prime Minister a proposal to construct a 4,000 ton concrete vessel within seven months, and after that, if the work is organised on a large enough scale, to
maintain an output of one similar vessel a week" 
"The vessels would be built of concrete, with a framework of steel bars, which can easily be obtained. Messrs. Thompson Brothers, of Castlemaine, and other engineering firms have offered to supply the necessary engines within the specified time. They will be internal combustion engines, of the semi- Diesel type, and the vessels will be capable of a speed of 10 knots an hour. A greater speed could be attained, but it would not justify the expense. The vessels will be purely cargo-carriers, of course. My firm has offered to back my opinion that the vessels will be seaworthy and satisfactory, by a guarantee of £10,000, and Messrs Thompson Brothers will back their engines"
There is no evidence that any of these proposed vessels were constructed.
Stone and Tasmanian Cement.
Stone was one of the founders of Tasmanian Cement Pty Ltd in 1922. The initial plant was to be near Hobart but Stone became interested in the Railton site because of nearby oil shale. He formulated an invention to use the exhaust gases from the cement kiln to distil oil from the oil shale. Erection of plant began in late 1923 or early 1924.
Stone was the Managing Director but without salary. He received shares for his part in founding the company and assignment of his inventions and patents. The company was short of money in 1924 and persuaded Dorman and Long (who had secured the contract to build the Sydney harbour bridge to take up shares in the venture. In 1925 the company was still short of money and the president (Sir Hugh Bell) of Dorman and Long visited Tasmania and of Dorman and Long again agreed to put in money but on condition they took over management. Stone was asked to resign as Managing Director. The board (including L Ennis of Dorman and Long) then decided to sack Stone as construction engineer.
It was evident that Stone's oil shale plant did not work. The cement plant was changed from oil firing to pulverised coal firing. The first cement was produced in 1926 and supplied to Hume Pipe Company of Melbourne.
The company was reformed in July 1928 as Goliath Portland Cement with 5 directors including one from Dorman and Long (L Ennis) and one from Hume Pipe Company (T S Nettlefold). The company still operates today. Because of the problems with Stone’s technology and Tasmanian Cement Pty. Ltd, Dorman and Long had to buy their cement from Kandos for the harbour bridge.
Another cement works associated with E.G. Stone is believed to have been the "Never Been Beaten Lime & Cement Works" at Deep Creek, Narrabeen on the Northern Beaches of Sydney which may have operated c1941-1955. Further research into these works is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="19171729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171729" title="Harless">
Harless

Harless is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19171749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171749" title="La Mama (band)">
La Mama (band)

La Mama is a German pop and disco trio who worked in Frank Farian's studios in the first half of the 1980s. Adapting their name from New York theatre La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club, they released three singles and two albums and worked as backing singers on a number of recordings for other artists.
History.
The original members Madeleine Davis, Patricia Shockley and Cathy Bartney, all hailing from the United States of America, had settled in Germany in the late 1970s where they had done various session work. While singing backing vocals on ex-Silver Convention singer Ramona Wulf's album "Shake What Yo Mama Give Ya", they were introduced to producer Frank Farian by guitarist Mats Björklund. He hired them for backing Precious Wilson on her debut album "On the Race Track" (1980) - at this time they had not yet adapted the collective name La Mama. Impressed with their harmonies, Farian also used La Mama to demo new songs for Boney M. - even doing one Boney M. recording, "Gadda-Da-Vida" with La Mama and himself doing all the vocals. Also several tracks on Boney M.'s 1981 album "Boonoonoonoos" ("Silly Confusion" in particular, "Don't Kill the World" and "Malaika") featured La Mama's uncredited backing vocals.
While production on Precious Wilson's second album began late 1981, La Mama also commenced work on their first album, produced by Dietmar Kawohl and Mats Björklund. The Double A-side single "Elephant Funk" / "In and Out" was released in February 1982 ("In and Out" being the A-side on the 12" single) followed by a cover version of "Chanson D'Amour" a few months later. Neither single performed well commercially and the LP release was postponed. While Madeleine Davis had contributed lyrics for Precious Wilson's single "I Don't Know", the group also did backing vocals on Boney M.'s "Going Back West".
When their third single was released in December 1982, a cover of Labelle's "Voulez-Vous Coucher Avec Moi (Lady Marmelade)", lead singer Cathy Bartney had left the group after disagreements with Frank Farian, and when the group's LP "Voulez-Vous Coucher Avec La Mama" was released in January 1983, it sank without much notice. Meanwhile Farian started to use the vocals of singer Judy Cheeks - who had been signed to Ariola Records between 1977 and 1980. It must however be noticed that Judy Cheeks wasn't a member of La Mama. Farian just used her vocals on various projects together with Madeleine Davis and Patricia Shockley.
Farian had Madeleine Davis and Patricia Shockley of La Mama together with Judy Cheeks record a medley of contemporary hits for an Aerobics album "Aerobic Fitness Dancing" with instructions by Sydne Rome - the album topped the German charts early 1983 and had Farian remix the album without Sydne Rome's vocals for an unsuccessful album project MAD - "For Dancin' " in the summer of '83. 
Also during 1983, La Mama once again contributed uncredited backing vocals to Boney M.'s seventh album "Ten Thousand Lightyears" on the tracks "I Feel Good", "Barbarella Fortuneteller" and "The Alibama". By the end of the year, Precious Wilson's final album for Hansa, "Funky Fingers" - a medley-album of popular R&B, soul and disco classics - was released. The first edition of the album credited just Precious Wilson while the second edition credited Precious Wilson & La Mama. Lacking any promotion by the record company, the album was unsuccessful and quickly disappeared.
During 1984, La Mama backed Boney M. on the single "Happy Song" and participated as a part of Frank Farian Corporation on the benefit single "Mother and Child Reunion" early 1985. At this time ex-Silver Convention member Rhonda Heath stepped in for session work on Boney M.'s final album "Eye Dance" on which Madeleine Davis and Patricia Shockley of La Mama also took part. They sang the choruses on the tracks "Todos Buenos" and "Give It Up". Before the group finally split, Patricia Shockley and Rhonda Heath furthermore sang additional backing vocals on Far Corporation's hit single, a cover version of Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven".
In 1989, Madeleine Davis received a phone call by Boney M. member Maizie Williams who invited her to take the place of original lead singer Liz Mitchell who had just left the group. Davis appeared in the group's official video of "The Summer Mega Mix", toured extensively with the group and also sang on their 1989 single "Everybody Wants to Dance Like Josephine Baker", not produced nor approved by Farian and subsequently withdrawn. Madeleine Davis now lives in Georgia, US, and works as a jazz singer.
Discography.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19171762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171762" title="Sun-7 Chesterfield Series">
Sun-7 Chesterfield Series

The Sun-7 Chesterfield Series was an Australian touring car racing series staged at Amaroo Park in Sydney, New South Wales from 1971 to 1981. The actual series name varied from year to year, according to the commercial sponsorship secured by the series promoters, the Australian Racing Drivers Club. 
Initially run for Group E Series Production Touring Cars the series switched to the new Australian Group C Touring Car regulations in 1973. The series was a precursor to the later AMSCAR touring car series which was run at Amaroo Park from 1982.
In 1971 Lakis Manticas won the inaugural "Sun-7" title driving a Morris Cooper S, with points being allocated evenly among the three engine capacity classes.
The tight Amaroo Park circuit suited the Holden Torana GTR XU-1s. Leading Sydney-based Torana drivers, such as the Holden Dealer Team's Colin Bond, Bob Morris, Don Holland and Allan Grice were prominent in the series. John Goss in the McLeod Ford entered Ford Falcon GT and Ford stalwart Fred Gibson were regular front-runners, while Chrysler drivers Leo Geoghegan and Doug Chivas also appeared. Colin Bond won the series three times in a row, from 1972 to 1974.
For 1975 the Sun-7 Rothmans Series was restricted to cars with an engine capacity of under 3 litres, meaning that larger engined cars such as the Holden Torana SL/R 5000 and Ford Falcon GT could no longer compete. In the 3 litre era some of the main contenders included Bo Seton's Ford Capri, Don Holland and Allan Grice in Mazda RX-3's and Bob Morris in a Triumph Dolomite. 
For the 1981 series the engine capacity limit of the competing cars was increased from 3.0 litres to 3.5 litres and the following year the 3.5 litre capacity limit was removed for what was now entitled the Better Brakes AMSCAR Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19171765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171765" title="Line and Strength">
Line and Strength

Line and Strength is an autobiography by Australian cricket star Glenn McGrath. The book includes a postscript by McGrath's late wife Jane.

</doc>
<doc id="19171784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171784" title="Gandhi Sagar Sanctuary">
Gandhi Sagar Sanctuary

Gandhi Sagar Sanctuary () is a wildlife sanctuary situated on the northern boundary of Mandsaur and Nimach districts in Madhya Pradesh, India. It is spread over an area of adjoining Rajasthan state in India. It was notified in 1974 and more area was added in 1983. The Chambal River passes through the sanctuary dividing it into two parts. The western part is in Nimach district and eastern part is in Mandsaur district.
Flora and fauna.
The Sanctuary is open throughout the year. With a varied terrain of wooded hills – the forest being dry, mixed and deciduous- and flat grasslands around Gandhi sagar dam submergence, it offers abundant opportunities of sighting a variety of wildlife. The principal tree species found in the Sanctuary are Khair ("Acacia catechu"), Salai, Kardhai, Dhawda, Tendu, Palash etc.
The Predominant wild animal species that inhabits the Sanctuary are the deer, of which the most easily sighted are chinkara or Indian gazelle, nilgai, sambar, leopard,common langur, wild dog, peacock, otter, crocodile etc.
Places archaeological and religious importance.
Sanctuary has many places of historical, archaeological and religious importance. These are Chaurasigarh, Chaturbhujnath temple, Bhadkaji rock paintings, Narsinghjhar, Hinglajgarh Fort, Taxakeshwar temple etc.
Chaturbhujnath (hindi:चतुर्भुजनाथ) temple is about 8 km from Gandhi sagar dam site. There is a statue of Lord Vishnu in this temple. A fair is organized here on the occasion of "Tejaji dashami", tenth day of the month of Bhadra Hindu month to mark the birth of Tejaji. Very near to this temple is the site of Bhadkaji (hindi:भड़काजी) rock paintings of period about 1400 years old.
Hinglajgarh.
Hinglajgarh (Hindi: हिंगलाजगढ़) or Hinglaj Fort (Hindi: हिंगलाज क़िला "Hinglaj Qila") is an ancient fort situated near village Navali in Bhanpura tehsil of Mandsaur district in Madhya Pradesh. Its coordinates are Latitude 25°30' N and Longitude 65°31' E. It is situated at a distance of 165 km from Mandsaur town and 26 km from Bhanpura town in Madhya Pradesh. This fort has been at its peak of grandeur during Parmara rule. There are many artistic sculptures of various periods in this fort. The "Nandi" and "Uma-Maheshwar" sculptures were sent from here to France and Washington for display in India festivals and left a mark at International levels. The Hinglajgarh had been centre of excellence in craftmanship of sculptures for about 800 years. The statues recovered from this fort are from Guptas period to Parmara period. The most ancient statues are from 4-5th century AD.
Taxakeshwar temple.
Taxakeshawar (तक्षकेश्वर) or Takhaji (ताखाजी) is a place of religious and historical importance in Mandsaur district in Madhya Pradesh. It is situated at a distance of 22 km from Bhanpura town on Hinglajgarh road. This is the site of serpent king taxak , where he is worshiped as Taxakeshawar but the local people call him Takhaji. Curiously enough he shares the worship of the country folk with Dhanvantri, the Indian Aesculapius. The shrine in question stands on a most romantic spot from village Navali situated on the table land at the foot of which Bhanpura lies.
This place is very important from natural and scenic beauty. James Tod had visited this place in 1821 and was amazed to see its scenic beauty. There is a grand natural water pool full of many varieties of fish. The source of water in it is a hot water spring which falls from a height of about 200 feet. The river Takhali at a distance of about 10 km from Chambal River that flows to Jhalawar in Rajasthan falls into this water pool and forms the water fall.
This place is probably the only site having a temple and a statue of nagaraja Taxak. Statue of Taxaka is shown with seven serpent hoods protecting from above. In one hand of Taxaka is shown a human head. On one side is shown his wife and his son on other side. The period of installing this statue is estimated to be 12th century.
A fair is organized on every purnima of baisakh month of Hindu Calendar.
In front of the statue of Taxaka is installed the statue of Dhanvantari. The main temple has also the statue of Shiva, considered as swami of Taxaka.
Bhanpura Museum.
Bhanpura is 30 km from Gandhi sagar dam and 127 km from Mandsaur in north-east direction. The Bhanpura town is south of other historically important places Hinglajgarh and Navali in Mandsaur district. It has a museum depicting the popular arts of Mandsaur. Illustrated oil paintings are also found around Bhanpura. At the museum, art from the Gupta era (4th-5th century) to the time of Pratiharas and Parmaras is depicted, and well-sculpted portraits of Uma-Maheshwar, Kartikeya, Vishnu, Gavoi and Nandi are displayed. It has the ninth century monolithic temple of Dharmarajeshwara, carving it out of solid natural rock. The most important and interesting monuments at Dhamnar are the Rock cut caves and temples. There is a series of fourteen seventh century rock-cut Buddhist Caves with monasteries and Stupas.
Dharmrajeshwar and Dhamnar caves.
Dharmrajeshwar (), an ancient Buddhist and Hindu cave temple site of 4th-5th Century in Mandsaur, is situated in Garoth tahsil of Mandsaur district at a distance of 4 km from Chandwasa town on periphery of Gandhisagar. It is 106 km from Mandsaur city and about 22 km from nearest railway station Shamgarh . Its original name is Dhamnār (धमनार).

</doc>
<doc id="19171828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171828" title="Jokioinen Railway">
Jokioinen Railway

The Jokioinen Railway (JR, Jokioisten rautatie, Jokioisten-Forssan rautatie) located in Jokioinen, Finland, was opened for temporary traffic on December 9, 1898. On October 25 1899, the railway began permanent passenger and freight services. 
The Jokioinen Railway was the second privately owned narrow gauge railway opened for common carrier services in Finland. The railway ran from the Finnish State Railways Humppila station via Jokioinen to Forssa. The main-line length of the gauge railway was . In Forssa an electric railway of Forssa Oy connected with the Jokioinen Railway.
Motive power.
The original motive power of the Jokioinen Railway was two American tank steam locomotives (Nos. 1 and 2) which were built in 1897 by H. K. Porter in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. These locomotives were in operation for over 50 years until 1948. In 1900, the Railway bought another American steam locomotive from the Baldwin Locomotive Works, and it was given number 3. This locomotive was soon found to be too heavy for the light 17 kg/m rails of the railway, and it was sold to Estonia. In 1922 the railway purchased a small tank locomotive made by Lokomo in Tampere, Finland; in 1937 it bought a large tank locomotive made by Henschel in Kassel, Germany. This locomotive had to be given to the Soviet Union as a penalty fee for late war reparation payments in 1945. To replace the Henschel lost to the Soviet Union, the railway ordered two new locomotives from S. A. Les Ateliers Métallurgiques Nivelles Division de Tubize in Belgium. These locomotives were delivered in 1947 and 1948 and given numbers 4 and 5.
During the 1950s and 1960s, the last years of the railway, trains were powered by a roster of four diesel locomotives. These locomotives were Move 21 models, manufactured by Valmet Airplane factory in Tampere, Finland. Originally, this type of locomotive was meant as a war payment to Soviet Union.
Passenger traffic.
Beginning in the 1930s, all passenger traffic on the Jokioinen Railway was carried in railcars. Two railcars ran on the Jokioinen Railway. The first railcar ran from 1930 to 1932 and the second ran from 1932 to 1942.
The railway had three passenger coaches. These coaches were built by Hietalahti Shipyard in Helsinki on top of frames and trucks manufactured by Leeds Forge Company in England.
Freight traffic.
The Jokioinen Railway had a total of about one hundred freight cars. Most of these were manufactured at the end of the 1800s in England and Finland and were in use throughout the time the railway operated, from 1898 to 1974. In 1960 more freight cars were bought from the Loviisa–Vesijärvi railway when it was re-gauged to broad gauge
Freight traffic was the principal traffic on the railway from the very beginning until its closure. Originally the railway was built to serve the needs of the expanding industries in Jokioinen and Forssa. The best year for freight traffic was 1940, during the short peace between the Winter War and the Continuation War, when a total of 90,000 tons of freight was carried on the Railway. The top year for passenger traffic was just after the Wars in 1945, when an annual total of 402,254 passengers was carried on the railway.
Decline.
In the 1940s, the Jokioinen Railway faced growing competition from increasing road traffic. The war had slowed this competition down, but within 10 years passenger traffic had ended. The last passenger trains were withdrawn in 1954 and the railway started to use highway buses for its passenger services.
Freight service continued for another 20 years more. The Jokioinen Railway was able to stay competitive much longer than other narrow gauge railways in Finland because it used transporter wagons from the 1930s until end of services on the railway. With these pallet wagons, the broad () gauge VR freight cars could be transported on the narrow gauge railway. This way the slow and expensive transfer of freight at Humppila station could be avoided.
By the end of the 1960s, however, the railway began to show signs of old age and wear. The track and the rolling stock were almost all more than 70 years old and large investments would have been needed to compete against the growing automobile and truck use, but the railway's owners were no longer willing to invest any more money in it.
The last revenue freight train of the Jokioinen Railway ran on March 31, 1974, from Humppila to Forssa. In the same year of the railway between Forssa and Jokioinen was torn up and in 1975 the line between Minkiö and Humppila was also lifted. Today the remaining 7-kilometre line Minkiö–Jokioinen and the rebuilt 8-kilometre line Minkiö–Humppila is operated by the Jokioinen Museum Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19171861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171861" title="James H. Harless">
James H. Harless

James H. "Buck" Harless (October 14, 1919 – January 1, 2014) was an American coal and timber operator.
Early life.
Harless was born in Taplin, West Virginia in 1919. His hometown was Gilbert, in Mingo County, West Virginia.
After graduation from Gilbert High School, he worked as a miner for several years at Red Jacket Coal Co. In 1947 he gave up mining to become a part-owner and manager of a Gilbert saw-mill.
Business interests.
Harless grew the Gilbert Lumber Company into the multi-million-dollar International Industries Inc conglomerate, of which in 1947 he was the founder. At the time of his death he was the President and CEO of International Industries, which had proceeds exceeding $700 million a year.International Industries, Inc. is based primarily in natural resources such as coal mining and timber, but which also include the manufacturing, hotel and real estate industries. It conducted business from three divisions including International Resources, Inc. (coal mining and marketing company L&K Coal), Gilco Lumber (lumber production and distribution), Inc., and Benson International, Inc. (manufacturing of trailers and truck bodies) and had operations in five states serving domestic and international customers.
Harless has been on the Massey Energy Board of Directors serving up to 2005 as the Chairman of the Public and Environmental Policy Committee.
Death.
Harless died, surrounded by his family, after a brief illness on January 1, 2014 at his home in Gilbert, West Virginia. He was 94.
Awards and recognitions.
Harless was inducted into the West Virginia Coal Hall of Fame. The West Virginia Mining and Reclamation Association named him the Coal Man of the Year in 1976. In 1983, the "Charleston Sunday Gazette and Mail" named Harless West Virginia's Man of the Year. In 2001 he was named to the West Virginia Business Hall of Fame.
Political action.
State.
James "Buck" Harless made contributions to West Virginia State Senate candidates.
Federal.
Administration.
"You did everything you could to elect a Republican president," William Raney, director of the West Virginia Coal Association told a group of industry executives in May 2001, did not submit the Kyoto global warming protocols for Senate ratification. "You are already seeing in his actions the payback, if you will, his gratitude for what we did.".
Harless was appointed by President Bush to the United States Air Force Academy Board of Visitors.
In 2004 he was President George W. Bush-Campaign Organization, West Virginia State Finance Chair.
Also James "Buck" Harless, introduced Bush to the crowd at the West Virginia Coal Association annual meeting on July 31, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19171882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171882" title="Dylan Mondegreen">
Dylan Mondegreen

Dylan Mondegreen is Norwegian singer and songwriter Børge Sildnes. His debut album "While I Walk You Home" was released in his native country 17 September 2007.
The second album, "The World Spins On", was released in 2009. The album was released by "Division Records" in Norway, "Universal Records" in the Philippines, "Fastcut Records" in Japan and "Pastel Music" in Korea.
Dylan Mondegreen released his third and self-titled album in September 2012.Shelflife Records released the album in USA.AllMusic gave it 4,5/5 stars and called it "a quiet masterpiece ... flawlessly written and performed, and produced with uncommon skill and grace - it's likely one of the best singer/songwriter records of 2012, and most any year that came before." The album was co-produced and mixed by Ian Catt, best known for his work with Saint Etienne.
Dylan Mondegreen has played shows in USA, UK, China, Japan, Italy and Norway. He has featured in articles in Pitchfork, NME, Under The Radar, Spin Magazine and more.
The surname is based on Lady Mondegreen, a famous character of myth and legend! Jon Carroll, columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle, periodically runs a story which gives the truth about "Mondegreen". A mondegreen is a mishearing of the lyrics of popular songs. The name itself comes from Carroll's mishearing of a line in a song from his youth about a valiant man who villains killed "and laid him on the green". He heard this as "Lady Mondegreen". American writer Sylvia Wright coined the term in her essay "The Death of Lady Mondegreen," published in Harper's Magazine in November 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19171883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171883" title="André Marchand">
André Marchand

André Marchand is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19171912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171912" title="Devonshire Hunting Tapestries">
Devonshire Hunting Tapestries

The Devonshire Hunting Tapestries are a group of four magnificent Flemish tapestries dating from the mid-fifteenth century. These enormous works, each over 3 metres wide, depict men and women in fashionable dress of the early fifteenth century hunting in a forest. The tapestries formerly belonged to the Duke of Devonshire. The 6th Duke described using his 'spare' tapestry to insulate the Long Gallery at Hardwick Hall in the 1840s, a practice which saved these rare Gothic hangings from being discarded. The tapestries depict a Deer Hunt, Falconry, a Swan and Otter Hunt and Boar and Bear Hunt. The hunt was a particularly powerful theme and would have been a familiar pastime to many of the high-born individuals and families who owned tapestries. Hunting was both a stylized sport and an important source of the only meats considered noble.
This detail is from the Boar and Bear Hunt Tapestry, made in the 1420s, and shows men carrying special boar-spears, which have cross-bars designed to stop the charge of the boar and keep its deadly tusks at arms length. Much of the charm of these scenes lies in the elaborate costume detail. The lady crossing the stream on the lower right has 'Monte le Desire' inscribed on her flowing sleeve. This is the opening line of a popular song of the period. The practice of embellishing one's clothes with such words was a medieval equivalent of having a stylish slogan printed on a T-shirt except that, in the tapestry, weaving on a horizontal loom has reversed the letters.
The dress of the participants is of the type worn at court, particularly that of Burgundy, which had control of the tapestry-weaving areas in the southern Netherlands. It is unlikely that any serious hunting took place in such restricting and exotic clothes.

</doc>
<doc id="19171949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171949" title="Svanskog">
Svanskog

Svanskog is a locality situated in Säffle Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 510 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19171953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171953" title="André Marchand (painter)">
André Marchand (painter)

André Marchand (10 February 1907 - 29 December 1997) was a French painter of the new Paris school and one of the founder members of the Salon de Mai.
Life.
Marchand was born at Aix-en-Provence, a few months after the death of Paul Cézanne; in 1918 he lost his mother. He studied at the Jesuit secondary school at which his father taught maths, and began to paint aged 14, using Montagne Sainte-Victoire as the subject for his first watercolours.

</doc>
<doc id="19171964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171964" title="Eduard Caspar Jacob von Siebold">
Eduard Caspar Jacob von Siebold

Eduard Caspar Jacob von Siebold (19 March 1801 – 27 October 1861) was a German professor of gynecology. He worked at Humboldt University of Berlin, University of Marburg and University of Göttingen.
Life and career.
Von Siebold was born 19 March 1801, the son of gynecologist Adam Elias von Siebold, in Würzburg, Germany. He became a medical doctor in 1826, docent in obstetrics in 1827 in Berlin, and professor in this field in 1829 in Marburg. From 1833 until his death in 1861, he was director of the clinic for gynecology and obstetrics at University of Göttingen, succeeding Caspar Julius Mende. Von Siebold represented a traditional approach in obstetrics and did not embrace the great medical development at the time.
He travelled to Wien in 1847, partly to reach consensus with the so-called modern Vienna School that emphasized active obstetrical intervention by doctors, partly to study the work of Johann Lucas Boër who represented a more conservative trend in obstetrics. There he met Ignaz Semmelweis whose theories he could not accept at all.
Inspired by the work of James Young Simpson, Von Siebold introduced the use of ether as a general anaesthetic and was the first to carry out a caesarian section using this substance.
Von Siebold died on 27 October 1861 in Göttingen. He was succeeded by Jakob Heinrich Hermann Schwartz, who was a scholar of Gustav Adolf Michaelis in Kiel and Carl Conrad Theodor Litzmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19171969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171969" title="Anushka Sharma">
Anushka Sharma

Anushka Sharma (; born 1 May 1988) is an Indian film actress, producer and former model. In 2008, she was signed by Aditya Chopra for a three-film contract with Yash Raj Films and consequently made her acting debut in Chopra's "Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi". She later received critical acclaim for her role as an ambitious wedding planner in the 2010 romantic comedy "Band Baaja Baaraat". Both films earned her Best Actress nominations at the Filmfare Awards. Sharma later gathered critical appreciation for her performance in the 2012 romantic drama "Jab Tak Hai Jaan", which earned her the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress. Due to these prime achievements, Sharma has often been noted as one of the most promising contemporary actresses of Hindi cinema.
Early life and background.
Sharma's father, Col. Ajay Kumar Sharma, is an army officer and her mother Ashima Sharma is a housewife. She has an elder brother named Karnesh, who is in the Merchant Navy. She studied in Army School and graduated with specialization in arts from Mount Carmel College, Bangalore. She later moved to Mumbai to further pursue her modelling career, where she currently resides.
Career.
2008–10: Debut and breakthrough.
Sharma says she originally wished to make it big in the modeling world but had no strong aspirations for films. She began her modeling career at the Lakme Fashion Week as a model for Wendell Rodricks's Les Vamps Show and was picked to be Rodricks's finale model at the Spring Summer '07 Collection. Since then she has done campaigns for Silk & Shine, Whisper, Nathella Jewelry and Fiat Palio.
Her first acting role was in Aditya Chopra's "Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi" (2008) opposite Shahrukh Khan. Her performance was appreciated with film critic Taran Adarsh stating, "Anushka looks the character and surprises you with a confident performance. It's no small achievement to share screen space with an actor of the caliber of SRK and Anushka manages it very well from start to end." The film received positive reviews and was declared a blockbuster, and had been concluded as the second-highest grossing film of all-time to that point by the end of the year.
Her second film, "Badmaash Company", also under Yash Raj Films, was released on 7 May 2010. While Adarsh added, "Anushka is a revelation. She looks stunning, her performance is livewire and the chemistry with Shahid is electrifying."
In 2010, Sharma completed her three-film contract with Yash Raj Films, starring in "Band Baaja Baaraat", a romantic comedy directed by Maneesh Sharma and co-starring debutant Ranveer Singh. She played a middle-class Delhi-Punjabi girl who goes on to launch her own independent business of wedding planning and later falls for her partner. In preparation for the part, Sharma was required to master the dialect of a young Punjabi woman from Delhi. She cited it as the toughest part of her role, describing the way the lead characters in the film interact as "crude but cute", and calling for her to "talk fast, sometimes mix words and even omit words completely". Prior to its release, she referred to it as her "best film till date". Some pundits, however, had expressed doubts about the film's prospects to leave a mark, citing the middling response to Yash Raj Films' last few productions, the lack of a male star, and claiming that by then Sharma was an "almost-forgotten" actress.
"Band Baaja Baaraat" was released on 10 December 2010 to positive reviews and went on to become a sleeper hit. Box Office India website reported that the film grossed approximately  214.4 million after five weeks, making it a moderate box office success. Sharma's performance was praised by critics, many of whom called it her best work up to that point. Taran Adarsh described her as "truly wonderful," noting that it is "the first time in her 3-film career, a film rests mainly on Anushka's shoulders, and she handles the responsibility so well." For her work in the film, Sharma received her second nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress and earned several awards and nominations at different award ceremonies. It has often been noted that the film has acted as a major career move for the actress, as it brought her much recognition.
2011–present: Recent work.
Sharma's first venture outside the Yash Raj banner was "Patiala House" directed by Nikhil Advani and co-starring Akshay Kumar. "Patiala House" was released on 11 February 2011.
Despite the film's lukewarm performance at the box office, Sharma received positive reviews. Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India wrote, "Anushka Sharma’s vivacity may have an after taste of her bubbling Band Baaja Baraat act but her passage from Janakpuri’s dhinchak girl to Southall’s siren is sweet and smooth. Watch out for the girl; she’s truly on a roll."
In December 2011, she re-united with her "Band Baaja Baarat" team of Ranveer Singh and Maneesh Sharma for Yashraj Films's "Ladies vs Ricky Bahl". Despite negative media perception, the film was a moderate success at the box office.
In 2012, Sharma appeared in Yash Chopra's swan song, the romance "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" alongside Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif. Whilst the film was commercially successful and earned a mostly positive reception from critics, her portrayal of the ambitious Discovery Chanel reporter Akira Rai, fetched her positive reviews from critics, with Adarsh noting: "She's an integral part of this story and it must be said that she walks away with some of the best scenes and lines in the movie. Her performance is full of grit." 
Sharma was last seen in Vishal Bharadwaj's "Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola", a political satire set in the rustic surroundings of a village in Haryana. Co-starring alongside Pankaj Kapur, Imran Khan and Shabana Azmi, Sharma played the role of Bijlee Mandola, a strong headed, girl who is also a spoilt brat. Despite the hype, the film generated mixed reviews from critics and underperformed at the box office. Whilst many critics noted that Sharma was being stereotyped as the loud, bubbly girl, Sharma's performance attracted mixed reviews from critics, much like the film. Raja Sen noted that she "is great in a couple of scenes near the climax," though Kanika Sikka was more critical, calling her performance "unconvincing."
Sharma is currently shooting for Rajkumar Hirani's political satire "P.K." alongside Aamir Khan, as well as Anurag Kashyap's periodic love story "Bombay Velvet", in which she is cast alongside Ranbir Kapoor. Sharma will also star in and co-produce Vikramaditya Motwane's action thriller "NH10". She has also been signed on for Zoya Akhtar's next film, about a dysfunctional Punjabi family starring Farhan Akhtar, Anil Kapoor, Ranveer Singh and Priyanka Chopra. Sharma will be playing Singh's love interest.
Personal life.
Sharma has decided against speaking of her personal life in public. 
During the filming of "Band Baaja Baaraat" (2010) and "Ladies vs Ricky Bahl" (2011), Sharma was constantly reported to being in an on-off relationship with co-star Ranveer Singh. However, Sharma and Singh both denied the allegations. Despite the fact it was denied, the media continued to report the news and they were last reported to have broken up in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19171998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19171998" title="Birdingbury Hall">
Birdingbury Hall

Birdingbury Hall is a 17th-century country house situated at Birdingbury, near Rugby, Warwickshire. It is a Grade II listed building and now serves as the head office of a commercial organisation.
The manor of Birdingbury was held in ancient times by the Priory of Coventry. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries it was acquired by the Throckmorton family. In 1674 it was sold to Sir Charles Wheler Bt. and in 1687 to the Biddulph family who remained in occupation until 1914.
The house was built in about 1630 but was extensively remodelled and rebuilt following a fire in 1859. The Jacobean style house has two storeys with attics. The east entrance front has an imposing Tuscan porch.
It now belongs to the Whiston family who have occupied it for over 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19172004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172004" title="Donegal Corridor">
Donegal Corridor

The Donegal Corridor () was a narrow strip of Irish airspace linking Lough Erne to the international waters of the Atlantic Ocean through which the Irish Government permitted flights by British military aircraft during World War II. This was a contravention of Irish neutrality and was not publicised at the time.
Background.
When the Second World War broke out in September 1939, Ireland remained neutral, in accordance with its predeclared neutrality policy.
The Battle of the Atlantic commenced soon after war was declared. German U-boats attacked Allied shipping convoys in the Atlantic Ocean, where hundreds of ships were sunk and thousands of lives lost, resulting in a very serious situation for the Allied forces. In December 1940 a survey was carried out on Lough Erne with a view to having flying boat bases built there. This was the most westerly point in the United Kingdom from where planes could patrol the Atlantic and offer some protection to the shipping convoys against the dreaded U-boats. Early in 1941 the first flying boats were based on Lough Erne. They were not permitted to fly over the territory of Éire. This meant that they had first to fly northwards then change their flight path and go west.
Some limited protection could be given to the convoys coming to the UK from the US and Canada, the same protection could be given by American-based aircraft. Still there was a gap where the U-boats could create havoc unhindered. This mid-Atlantic area was known as the Black Gap. Ireland came under extreme pressure from the British and even the USA who at this time were themselves neutral to dispense with its neutrality policy and join with the Allies. A meeting took place in January 1941 between Éamon de Valera and Sir John Maffey, the British representative in Dublin. An agreement was reached whereby the Lough Erne-based flying boats were permitted to fly across a four-mile stretch of neutral territory from Belleek in County Fermanagh to Ballyshannon in County Donegal and thereby gain access to the Atlantic Ocean. This agreement was concluded in the The Cranborne Report. To pacify the Germans these aircraft were supposed to follow a defined route and then only on air/sea rescue missions.
This flight path became known as 'The Donegal Corridor'. The original agreement and rules were soon changed and the flying boats went on missions to the mid-Atlantic, to the west coast of France and to Iceland to protect convoys on those routes. This was a turning point in the Battle of the Atlantic which was the longest battle of the Second World War. Some nine U-boats were confirmed as having been sunk by the Lough Erne Sunderland and Catalina flying boats and many others so badly damaged that they had to return to base in France. One of the most famous sorties was that of a Lough Erne Catalina that spotted the Bismarck when it was escaping to France.
Location.
Between Lough Melvin in Co Leitrim and the River Erne in Co Donegal, Co Donegal narrows and separates the Northern Irish Co Fermanagh from Donegal Bay and the Atlantic. The seven-mile long Corridor was between Belleek and the coast beyond Ballyshannon, along the course of the River Erne
The base itself was at RAF Castle Archdale.
Use.
The first official flight along the Corridor was on 21 February 1941 by No. 240 Squadron RAF's Supermarine Stranraer flying boats. Conditions of the concession included that flights should be made at a "good height" and that aircraft should not fly over the military camp at Finner; these conditions appear to have been ignored by both sides.
A notable episode was when a Consolidated Catalina flying boat from No. 209 Squadron RAF based at Lough Erne located the German battleship "Bismarck" in 1941, leading to the ship's destruction.
By the end of the war, 320 men had died in 41 missions by flying boats based at Lough Erne. In 2007, memorial plaques were unveiled in Counties Donegal and Fermanagh.

</doc>
<doc id="19172036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172036" title="André Marchand (politician)">
André Marchand (politician)

André Marchand (26 May 1926 - 11 January 2011) was a politician of the Quebec Liberal Party. He was a member of the National Assembly representing the Laurier riding from 1970 to 1981, having defeated the former Liberal René Lévesque in the 1970 election), and was re-elected for the 29th, 30th and 31st National Assembly of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19172055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172055" title="Fonzerelli">
Fonzerelli

Fonzerelli is a DJ and music producer from Northern Ireland. His 2005 single, "Moonlight Party", charted in the Netherlands, Finland and Australia. Fonzerelli's remix of J. Majik & Wickaman's "Crazy World" is featured on the Grand Theft Auto IV soundtrack on Vladivostok FM.
Fonzerelli has also remixed for various UK artists and labels; most notably "Now You're Gone" and "All I Ever Wanted", featured on Basshunter's Platinum selling "Now You're Gone - The Album". He also had his own productions and remixes played on Saturday nights on BBC Radio 1 than any other artist in 2006 and 2007, as DJ Judge Jules was a massive supporter of Fonzerelli's work on his Saturday warmup show.
His new single "Dreamin' (Of A Hot Summers Night)" hit number 2 in the DMC Buzz Chart and number 6 in the Cool Cuts Chart.
Many of the world's major and influential labels have commissioned Fonzerelli remixes for acts such as Fedde Le Grand, J. Magik & Wickerman, Chanel, Sash!, Mauro Picotto, Beatfreakz and Tiësto featuring Maxi Jazz and Basshunter as well as original material for his own Mena Music label and Big In Ibiza.
Fonzerelli's debut single "Moonlight Party" was championed by Tiësto and soon became the number 1 selling download of 2005 on download store DJ Download.

</doc>
<doc id="19172062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172062" title="The Electric Spanking of War Babies (song)">
The Electric Spanking of War Babies (song)

"The Electric Spanking of War Babies" is the title track from the last album recorded by the American funk band Funkadelic. The song was released as a single in 1981 by Warner Bros. Records. Instrumentally the track was constructed by co-writer Walter Morrison. It charted on the "Billboard" R&B chart, peaking at number 60.

</doc>
<doc id="19172064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172064" title="Moloundou">
Moloundou

Moloundou is an "arrondissement" (district) in the Boumba et Ngoko Division of southeastern Cameroon's East Province. Mouloundou is close to Boumba Bek and Nki National Parks on the Dja River. It has a mayor and several decentralised administrative services.
History.
In the 1890s, Moloundou was "one of the richest rubber areas of Africa" and Germans established a rubber making plant here.
Geography and climate.
Mouloundou is situated roughly 280 km from the Cameroonian Republic of Congo border town of Yokadouma. It is close to Boumba Bek and Nki National Parks on the Dja River. The town has a tropical climate with temperature ranging from 23.1-25˚C with an average annual temperature of 24˚C. Its relative humidity varies between 60 to 90% while annual rainfall is 1500mm per year. According to the Cameroon Ministry of Agriculture, Moloundou has a rainy season from September to November, a dry season from November to March, a rainy season from March to June, and a dry season from July to August.
Demographics.
The area around Mouloundou, as defined by the World Wildlife Fund, has a population of 22,882 people, mostly ethnic Bantus and, despite being named a minority in Cameroon's constitution of 18 January 1996, Baka Pygmies. These include the Djem, Bangando, Bakwele and Zime tribes. Non-indigenous employees of logging companies and traders make up a sizeable amount of the population. The population density of the region is about five people per km2, concentrated along the main Yokadouma-Moloundou road. The villages near Mouloundou are mostly homogeneous as there are few non-natives, mostly working as civil servants or traders.

</doc>
<doc id="19172070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172070" title="You Me at Six">
You Me at Six

You Me at Six are a British rock band from Weybridge, Surrey. Formed in 2004, the group rose to fame in 2008 with the success of their debut album, "Take Off Your Colours", which included the singles "Save It for the Bedroom", "Finders Keepers" and "Kiss and Tell", with the latter two peaking at No. 33 and No. 42 respectively in the official UK Singles Chart. The band's main influences include American rock bands Blink-182, Incubus and Thrice.
History.
In the early days of You Me at Six they released 2 extended plays "We Know What It Means to Be Alone" and "Untitled". Tracks such as "Gossip" and "The Rumour" were born on this EP. Joe Phillips was also kicked out of the band and was replaced by Dan Flint just before the release of the first album. They were nominated for "Best British Band" at the 2008, 2009 and 2010 Kerrang! Awards, losing each time to metalcore band Bullet for My Valentine. However, they won the title for "Best British Band" in 2011.
The band released their second studio album, titled "Hold Me Down" on 11 January 2010, which reached number 5 in the UK. This album included the popular singles "Underdog", which reached number 49 in the UK and "Liquid Confidence" which peaked at number 86. The band released the third official single from the album, "Stay with Me", on 5 September 2010 which peaked at No. 53.
The band also released a single titled "Rescue Me" on 14 February 2011, which features American alternative hip hop act Chiddy Bang. The band also made an announcement that they would be heading back to the studio in early February/March 2011 in preparation to record their third album, "Sinners Never Sleep", which was released in the UK on 3 October 2011.
Following the completion of their third album cycle which culminated in the Final Night of Sin at Wembley Arena, the band went back in the studio to record studio album number four Cavalier Youth which was released on 24 January 2014.
"Take Off Your Colours".
You Me at Six debut album "Take Off Your Colours" was released through Slam Dunk Records on 8 October 2008. It spawned debut single "Save It for the Bedroom", "If I Were in Your Shoes", "Gossip", "Jealous Minds Think Alike", "Finders Keepers" and "Kiss and Tell". In September, You Me at Six released a deluxe version of the album with a bonus disc featuring singles "Finders Keepers" and "Kiss and Tell" along with B-sides "Sweet Feet", "All Your Fault" and "Blue Eyes Don't Lie". You Me at Six covered Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" as a Live Lounge cover which became a B-side on the "Kiss and Tell" single.
The band were a supporting act for Fall Out Boy in late 2008. 
"Hold Me Down".
On 11 November 2009, lead singer Josh Franceschi announced that their second album was completed, and would be released in early 2010. AbsolutePunk.net later announced the album would be titled "Hold Me Down" and would be released through Virgin Records on 11 January 2010. The band then announced shortly afterwards that they would be making the song, "The Consequence" available for free digital download from their official website. The album was recorded at Outhouse Studios in Reading, produced and engineered by Matt O'Grady and mixed by John Mitchell, as was their previous record "Take Off Your Colours". The album debuted at No. 5 in the UK album charts, however it managed to hit No. 4 for the mid-week charts. Later, the band announced that the first official new single from "Hold Me Down" is titled "Underdog". The song was later made available for free streaming on the band's MySpace site. On 28 January, the band announced that they would be releasing an iTunes exclusive bundle, including the second follow-up single of their new album "Hold Me Down", "Underdog" (which precedes "The Consequence"). The "Underdog EP" would also include an acoustic version of the track, and an all-new b-side titled "Fact-tastic." 
On 14 July 2010, the band announced the third single from the second album "Hold Me Down", titled "Stay with Me". On 21 July, the band released the music video for the single on their official website, and was made available later on iTunes and the band's YouTube channel. The video was shot on location in California before they headed out for the Warped Tour 2010. It was also confirmed that the band would be releasing an official iTunes "single bundle" for "Stay with Me". The bundle, which would be made available on iTunes, includes an acoustic version of "Stay with Me", along with a cover of the track "Starry Eyed" by Ellie Goulding (on which the band first performed at the Radio 1 Live Lounge in May). 
"Rescue Me".
In late 2010, You Me at Six collaborated with American rap duo Chiddy Bang on a track titled "Rescue Me" and was later released on 14 February 2011. The single's package included an exclusive B-Side track "Knew It Was You", which was written back in the old "Hold Me Down" days. However, it was later confirmed that the track would not be featuring on the band's upcoming third studio album, "Sinners Never Sleep".
"Sinners Never Sleep".
On 15 December 2010, the band was interviewed by "coupdemainmagazine" regarding the progress of their upcoming third studio album. The album was said to be set for a September 2011 release.
On 8 April 2011, a video was uploaded to Tumblr confirming that Oli Sykes was recording with the band on their upcoming third album at Sound Factory studio, Los Angeles. 
"Sinners Never Sleep" was released on 3 October, and peaked at No. 3 in the Official UK Album Charts.
In early November, the band announced that "Bite My Tongue" featuring Oliver Sykes would be released as a new single. The official music video which also stars Sykes was released soon after. The single was released on 4 December 2011.
The band scheduled plans on touring parts of Southeast Asia and Europe, including countries like Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore and Japan in mid-2012. 
In March 2012, the band announced that the third single off the album would be "No One Does It Better", despite the single artwork for "Jaws on the Floor" having been leaked in late February. The single would be released along with two additional tracks titled "Over Us" and "Retain" and be released as a single bundle through Virgin Records in April. 
The band announced in March 2012 that they had recorded a new song for The Swarm, a ride at Thorpe Park, which will be Europe's tallest winged roller-coaster. The song was released to iTunes on 18 March 2012 and is the world's first single for a roller coaster.
"Cavalier Youth".
In June 2013, the band announced they will be entering a recording studio at a secret location to record their new upcoming album. On 20 June 2013, vocalist Josh Franceschi announced all lyrics have been written and the band is ready to record the new record. Pre-production subsequently began on 21 June 2013. 
In July and August 2013, the band announced they will be recording their album in Los Angeles, California with producer Neal Avron (Fall Out Boy, Linkin Park, Say Anything). The band also worked closely with music photographer by the alias of "GetDeluxe", who filmed the tour diary of the band's Spring Fever Tour with All Time Low and Pierce The Veil. Band members also updated their official Instagram profiles with the progress of the new album. 
On 2 September 2013, the band announced and premiered the first single to be off the new record, titled 'Lived a Lie'. The album was also revealed to be titled 'Cavalier Youth'. The album would contain 12 tracks, including an interlude track. The music video to 'Lived a Lie' was made available to the world on the band's Vevo channel and UK fans can download the new track on iTunes shortly after.
On 28 September 2013, Josh Franceschi announced in concert that Cavalier Youth would be released in January 2014..
On 21st January 2014, the album was leaked online on several torrent sites. A week later, the album was officially out both digitally and in physical copies on 28th January 2014. Since then, the album has received mixed reviews, generally positive reviews from music magazines and critics. The record is also said to be more of a 'pop rock' genre and relatively "softer and cleaner than before".
On 31st January, New Year's Eve, rumours surfaced on the Internet stating that the band will be planning to release a CD Deluxe Edition of the record, along with three additional tracks titled 'Damped', 'Changing As We're Living' & 'Understand It'. The release date, however, has not been confirmed.
Tours and show dates (2010–2012).
You Me at Six kicked off their year playing a launch show in Kingston – originally intended to be an instore gig at Banquet Records, it was quickly upgraded to the new Hippodrome – in support of their new album "Hold Me Down" on 11 January. As of February they have played 3 dates, including, also, an HMV instore and an HMV event headline promoting new British music at the Relentless Garage London. They announced that they would be playing several festivals including Punkspring in Japan, the whole Vans Warped Tour; and supported Paramore on all Soundwave dates, as well as on Paramore's tour.
They have completed their third sell-out headline tour in support of their second album "Hold Me Down". They were joined by Sean Smith and Elissa Franceschi on selected dates. In Belfast, Matt told GiggingNI.com how it was "exciting to see how much you've grown from a year and a half ago".
It was announced on the Leeds leg of the tour on 16 March that You Me at Six would be returning to Leeds and playing the festival. In August 2010, the band performed on the main stage at the Leeds and Reading festivals. The band also did a Reading and Leeds warm up gig at Wedgewood Rooms in Portsmouth in August. 
On 18 May 2010, You Me at Six visited BBC Radio One's Live Lounge for the second time, presented by Fearne Cotton. Aside from being interviewed they played a version of "Liquid Confidence" and a cover of Ellie Goulding's "Starry Eyed" at Maida Vale, in London live on air.
On 23 May 2010, they played the "In New Music We Trust" stage at the Radio One Big Weekend in Bangor, North Wales. They were joined onstage by Sean Smith for "The Consequence" and Aled Phillips on "Save It for the Bedroom". 
On 3 December 2010, the band posted an announcement on their official website stating "both the band and YMAS HQ are extremely disappointed to announce that due to the inclement weather and transport issues, the two You Me at Six shows at the Edinburgh Corn Exchange this weekend will be postponed" and that "it's just not safe for the band or the attending fans to travel over to the show". You Me at Six has also made a reschedule of both the dates and an exchange fund of the tickets bought earlier. 
During the first Edinburgh show, Josh Franceschi announced that the band would be playing at T in the Park.
On 21 February 2011, the band announced that they would be touring with Parkway Drive, Bleeding Through, Confession and more on the Mix N' Mash Tour in May. 
On 16 April 2011, Blink-182 announced that their headlining tour would be delayed till 2012 due to the fact that they have not finished recording for the new album yet. As a result, You Me at Six will not be touring with them. Upcoming tour dates for the UK in September will be released on 15 June, and the band have announced that they will be touring Australia with We the Kings in late August–early September.
On 10 July 2011, the band announced headlining US tour dates for October 2011 to promote the release of their third studio album. 
On 29 August 2011, the fourth track of the "Sinners Never Sleep", "This Is the First Thing" was leaked online by one of the inside recording team member back in Los Angeles while the band was tracking their vocals. On 1 September 2011, a 30-second snippet of the track from the record "Bite My Tongue" featuring Oli Sykes was leaked on the internet as well. It was removed 30 minutes later due to infringement and copyrighted issues.
The band's next UK tours started in March 2012. The first two tour dates, which were supposed to be played in Belfast and Dublin were postponed due to Josh Franceschi contracting tonsillitis and being unable to perform. The dates were rescheduled to take place in early April. 
You Me at Six played the entire Warped Tour 2012.
Clothing lines.
The band's bassist Matt Barnes owns a clothing line range called "Cheer Up! Clothing", which was first formed in late 2007. The clothing line sponsors several artists and bands including Four Year Strong, Emarosa, The All-American Rejects, VersaEmerge, and We Are the in Crowd amongst others.
The band's frontman Josh Franceschi himself also owns a clothing range, "Down But Not Out". Franceschi himself expressed that "the phrase, "Down But Not Out", has been my ethos, my way of approaching life for the last two years or so" and have "always wanted to start some sort of clothing company to express myself through a means other than music". The clothing line models' feature several of the band's members as well.
In summer 2011, the band's rhythm guitarist Max Helyer started up his own clothing range called "Become Antique". 

</doc>
<doc id="19172089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172089" title="Ifrane National Park">
Ifrane National Park

Ifrane National Park is a national park in the Moyen Atlas mountain range, in Morocco. It covers an area of 500 km². Much of the park is forested with Atlas cedar. Ifrane National Park is one of the few remaining habitats for the Barbary Macaque, "Macaca sylvanus"; this primate prehistorically had a much broader range in North Africa, but currently survives as an endangered species in narrowly restricted and fragmented habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="19172096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172096" title="Adrastus of Cyzicus">
Adrastus of Cyzicus

Adrastus of Cyzicus is an individual who is mentioned along with Dion of Naples in a work of Augustine of Hippo. He was apparently an ancient Roman astronomer. Although, from Augustine's brief and second-hand account, we can know very little of his life or works, he was cited as an authoritative astronomical observer from antiquity.
According to Augustine's "De Civitate Dei contra Paganos", Varro (116 BC – 27 BC) the Roman scholar and writer, cited Adrastus and Dion as authorities for the dating of an astronomical phenomena involving Venus, describing them as "mathematici nobiles" (distinuguished astronomers, or possibly astrologers). Again according to Augustine, Varro recorded this in his work "De gente populi Romani". Although Varro's writing is now lost, Augustine quoted from it:
Augustine used these ancient astronomical reports to further his what has been called his "epistemic theory of miracles". Here, Augustine argued that if Varro called the phenomenon that Adrastus and Deon reported, a "portent", then it could not be contrary to nature, but must simply be inexplicable under our current understanding of nature.
In antiquity, Cyzicus was an important commercial town in Mysia in Anatolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19172116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172116" title="Brian Moore (rugby league)">
Brian Moore (rugby league)

Brian "Chicka" Moore is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach. He played in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for the Newtown "Bluebags" from 1962 to 1973, later coaching the club for its final season, the 1983 Winfield Cup Premiership. He also represented Australia, touring Great Britain and France with the 1967/68 Kangaroos.
During the 1970s Moore captain-coached in the Newcastle Rugby League with the Macquarie club.
While playing football, Moore also served in the New South Wales Police Force and in 2008, rugby league's centenary year in Australia, he was named at centre in a NSW Police team of the century. That year he was named in the Newtown club's team of the century as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19172122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172122" title="Caselex">
Caselex

Caselex is a legal information service, established in 2005 by a public-private alliance and supported by the European Commission, offering legal professionals access to the decisive arguments of national court cases to practical legal issues linked to European Union (EU) law. As such it contributes to the Europeanisation of law.
National court cases on EU law.
The cross-border connector EU law is a source of law for all Europeans and the case law interpreting the European rules - subsequently relevant to all Europeans. However such has not travelled freely across the borders of the Member States, although there is a strong need. 
National to court cases interpreting EU law, and which complements the supply of knowledge found in national oriented services, which Caselex has set out to cover since 2005.
Caselex aggregates through a network of law firms and country correspondents important case law of national supreme courts and last instance courts in Europe, currently 23 countries. The full texts of the selected cases are complemented with headnotes and summaries in English and the native languages of the cases. This effort has provided the service the European Information Association's 2008 Award for excellence in European information provision (electronic sources category)’.
Areas of law.
Caselex covers the following areas of law:
History.
Caselex, based in Luxembourg, was launched in 2007 as a result of a two year development phase involving stakeholders across Europe. The service is built around a pan-European network of country correspondents, reviewers and translators, all qualified legal professionals.
The development of Caselex has been undertaken by a public-private sector alliance under the coordination of the Italian research institute on legal information management L'Istituto di Teoria e Tecniche dell’Informazione Giuridica (ITTIG) being part of the Italian Nation Research Council (C.N.R.). The alliance has comprised Direzione Generale per I Sistemi Informativi Automatizzati of the Ministry of Justice, Italy, the Centre of Legal Information of the Ministry of Justice of Lithuania, Court de Cassation in Belgium, Le Direction des Journaux officiels (Official Journal) in France, Zenc BV in the Netherlands, First Law in Ireland, Merrill Corporation in the UK, Retriever Norge in Norway. vLex in Spain, Justis Publishing in the UK, and Jsc Leksinova in Lithuania joined at a later stage. The Centre of Judiciary Documentation, which is a technical organ of the Consejo General del Poder Judicial in Spain, has been observer. The alliance created in 2005 the Caselex Association as the operational unit, which was in 2007 turned into Caselex S.a.r.l. in which the two concept developers Stig Marthinsen and Marc de Vries took leading positions.
Due to its innovative nature and importance for lawyers, judges and other legal professionals the service has since 2005 been supported by the European Commission, the Council of Bars and Law Societies of Europe (CCBE), the European Company Lawyers Association (ECLA) and the European Association of Judges, representing jointly more than 800.000 legal professionals in Europe.
The PSI Directive.
Directive 2003/98/EC of 17 November 2003 on the re-use of public sector information has had a huge impact on the opportunities to source raw data. Where, some years ago, exploitation of court cases was an exclusive domain of a few oligarchic players, the opening up has led to a substantial increase of economic activities in this field. Caselex is one of the first to seize this opportunity at a pan European level.

</doc>
<doc id="19172128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172128" title="Are You Jimmy Ray?">
Are You Jimmy Ray?

"Are You Jimmy Ray?" is a single co-written and performed by British pop singer Jimmy Ray from his 1998 self-titled debut album. The single entered the Billboard Pop Songs chart on March 7, 1998 and eventually peaked at #10. The song peaked at #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. "Are You Jimmy Ray?" has been Jimmy Ray's most popular single to date.
Music video.
A music video for "Are You Jimmy Ray?" went into heavy rotation on music television. The video juxtaposed Ray's rockabilly image with a trailer park setting as stereotypical "rap video" women in sports jerseys and football shorts danced provocatively behind him.
Track listing.
End of year charts.
!align="left"|Chart (1998)
!align="center"|Position

</doc>
<doc id="19172131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172131" title="Al Hoceima National Park">
Al Hoceima National Park

Al Hoceima National Park is a national park, outside the town of Al Hoceima in Morocco. It covers an area of 470 square kilometres.

</doc>
<doc id="19172137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172137" title="Mirakkel">
Mirakkel

Mirakkel is an Indian Reality Show on Zee Bangla hosted by Mir Afsar Ali and directed by Subhankar Chattopadhyay. Produced by Zee Bangla and hosted by the popular radio jockey and television host Mir (except Mirakkel AC-4 (Kids' Special) which was hosted by Mridul Bhattachariya), Mirakkel is one of its kind reality show. The show aired on Zee Bangla, offers a platform for stand-up comedians across Bengal to showcase their talent. The show is judged by television actors Paran Bandyopadhyay, Sreelekha Mitra and Rajatava Dutta. The band Bandage, which include Dwaipayan Saha, Nitin Mani, Suman Sinha, Subhajit Sarkar, Koushik, Saurav Bhattacharya, was on the musical side. With five years on, Mirakkel has been one of the longest running reality show on Zee Bangla. The Latest Season, Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 6 started from 11 July 2011 and ended on 15 July 2012.
The show,when first telecast in 2006, became an instant hit amongst the people of Bengal, specially the middle and old-aged masses. It was also very popular among the youth and many puns and wit from the show were very common amongst all sections of people. The show tasted good to average success in the first five seasons.
In 2011, the sixth season of Mirakkel went on air, from 11 July 2011. Upon air, the film broke several TRP records and enjoyed huge success throughout its initial run, and eventually became the most successful season of Mirakkel ever. Critics mainly lauded three things for Mirakkel's huge success, which was Mir's larger-than-life presence, satirical and political songs.
After Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 6 ended, the producers of the reality show decided to launch another sub-season of Mirakkel, to keep its audience still enjoying. The show was named Mirakkel Akkel Challenger Awesomesala, as the term became quite famous amongst the masses. Mirakkel Akkel Challenger Awesomesala ended on July 15, 2012, thus, celebrated one year of its original run.
Seasons.
Mirakkel Akkel Challenger (2006).
Mirakkel Akkel Challenger season 1 was hosted by Afsar Ali & was a hit as soon as it was put on air by Zee Bangla. With the TV show Mirakkel on Zee Bangla, he came to be known as the comedy king of the city. It was his third major television show as an anchor after Hao Mao Khao, and Beta Betir Battle. Season 1 was won by Tapan Das & was awarded a prize money of Rs. 50 thousand.
Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 2.
After the Akkel challenger 1 mirakkel becomes more popular.The champion of this season is Atanu Barman.
Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 3.
After the huge success of season 2 Mirakkel continued its journey in season 3 too.This time Mirakkel's most consistent comedian Mridul Bhattachraya from Baligaunge,kolkata got recognized by the audiences of this popular reality show.Tollywood actress Indrani Haldar chaired as a judge for the very 1st time along with regular judges Paran Bandhapadhya & Rajatava Dutta. Mridul Bhattachraya was the winner of this season.
Mirakkel Bare Miya chhote Miya (2008).
Mirakkel returned after almost half year later with Bare Miya Chhote Miya.This time contestants were separated into two sections-The contestants from previous seasons were referred as Bore Miya where the rest as Chote Miya.Rajatabha Dutta continued his journey as judge along with Srelekha Mitra & Sidhu from bangla band Cactus.srelekha later replaced by another tolly actress Debolina Dutta.Mridul Bhattacharya was again the winner of this season beating season 2 champion Atanu Barman in the final.
Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 4 (2009).
This season only for the child performers and with a special show title
"Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 4 Boro Comedi Choto Size-E", hosted by former back to back champion Mridul Bhattachariya. Tania from Burdwan become the champion of this season.
Mirakkel Akkkel Challenger 5 (2010).
In season 5, Pranjol from Bijaygarh was the champion and Tarjan boy Arnab got the second place.
Mirakkel Akkkel Challenger 6 (2011).
Season 6 kick started with 30 participants, on 11 July 2011, hosted by Mir Afsar Ali. Bangladeshi contestants participated first time in Mirakkel from this season and took away 1st,3rd and best by viewer places. This season featured the regular judges of Mirakkel along with the regular band BANDAGE. Also there are five new mentors for this season.
This season is the longest of the any Mirakkel. Every week there is special celebrity honors as guest judge. The current constants are Phatik Purakait, Sangit Tiwary, Apurba Roy, Abu Hena Rony, Anwarul Alam Sajal, Istiak Nasir, Md. Jamil Hossain, Vicky and Partha.
Season start:11 July.2011 <br>
Season End / Grand Finale: 1 April 2012. "(Mithun Chakraborty was the guest judge in the grand finale)"
Viewer's Choice Award: Abu Hena Rony (won 300,000 SMS votes, 20% of total SMS) <br>
Winner: Abu Hena Rony and Vicky-Partha<br>
Second: Abu Hena Rony<br>
Third: Anwarul Alam Sajol
Mirakkel Akkkel Challenger 6 Awesomesala (2012).
The new season "Mirakkel Akkkel Challenger 6 Awesomesala" started right after grand finale of season 6. Top comedians from previous season 6 has participated in this season along with some new comedians from west bengal as well as from Bangladesh. Bangladesh's largest food processing group, Pran Group, has joined as sponsor as well, which is first time in Mirakkel history to have foreign sponsor. Host and judges remain same as previous seasons. The Season ended, celebrating compensation of one year at 15 July 2012.
Mirakkel Akkel Challenger 7 (2013).
The new season started on 25 February 2013.There are 27 participants in this season.It's still hosted by Mir and the same judges.The last performance of each episode is always of a participant from season 6 and Awesomesala. Same like last season, Pran Group, largest food industry of Bangladesh is sponsoring the season.
Season start:25 February 2013. <br>
Season End / Grand Finale: 25 August 2013. "(Monali Tagore was the guest judge in the grand finale)"
Winner: Suvashis mukherjee
Second: Mithun Roy<br>
Third: Zamil Ahamed<br>
Best Find of Mirakkel 7 (Special Award): Tapadyuti Dutta 
Most Inspiring PerformerPinaki Mukherjee

</doc>
<doc id="19172139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172139" title="Albert Clerc">
Albert Clerc

Albert Clerc (January 1830, Besançon – June 1918, Saint-Denis-en-Val) was a French chess master.
Chess career.
He won at Paris 1856, tied for 9-10th at Paris 1878 (Johannes Zukertort and Szymon Winawer won), took 2nd, behind Samuel Rosenthal, at Paris 1880 (the first French National Tournament, the 1st unofficial French Chess Championship), took 4th at Paris 1881 (the second French National Tournament, Edward Chamier won), and was a winner, ahead of Jules Arnous de Rivière, at Paris 1883 (the third French National Tournament), took twice 4th at Paris 1890 and 1892 (both won by Alphonse Goetz). 

</doc>
<doc id="19172148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172148" title="Kham (disambiguation)">
Kham (disambiguation)

Kham and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19172155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172155" title="Megalichthyidae">
Megalichthyidae

The Megalichthyidae are a family of prehistoric lobe-finned fishes which lived from the late Devonian to the early Permian period.
Phylogeny.
Below is a cladogram from Swartz, 2012:

</doc>
<doc id="19172161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172161" title="Alchemy Partners">
Alchemy Partners

Alchemy Partners is a British private equity firm, which specialises in investing in distressed and undervalued or underperforming businesses and other special situations through debt and equity throughout Europe. Before launching dedicated distressed vehicles, it invested over £1bn of equity in over 80 transactions. Notable transactions include Four Seasons Health Care, Alcentra and Phoenix IT.
Alchemy launched its first distressed debt fund, Alchemy Special Opportunities, in 2006 with a final close of £300m and subsequently went on to raise £500m for the second fund in 2010. The Funds invest in the debt and equity of public and private companies in the UK and continental Europe. Funding is provided by a large number of blue-chip investors including major banks, pension funds, fund-of-funds, university endowments and high net worth individuals. Today the firm manages/advises over $1.5bn.
Alchemy is structured as an advisory business based in London, Alchemy Partners LLP, which advises a fund manager based in Guernsey, Alchemy Partners (Guernsey) Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="19172172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172172" title="Kākā poria">
Kākā poria

Kākā poria are small leg rings for parrots made from bone or stone. The leg rings were made by the Māori of New Zealand and used to confine the movements of young kākā (Nestor meridionalis) parrots. 
Kākā were an important food source for Māori and during the fowling season, pet kākā were taken into the forests where they were used as lures. The pet kākā were made to cry out to attract wild birds. Wild kākā, being curious and sociable, were attracted in great numbers by the tame birds' cries. The mokai handlers pushed mutu kākā (snares for parrots) into the tree canopy. As the wild birds landed on nearby branches some birds would alight on a snare's carefully arranged horizontal perch, and a cord would be jerked trapping the legs of the birds against the protruding upright of the mutu kākā. The snares with the captured wild birds were lowered back to the ground, the birds killed and preserved as a food item.
Kākā poria, when not attached to the legs of tame birds, were often worn as pendants. Some, especially those fashioned from pounamu (New Zealand greenstone), required sophisticated technical knowledge to make because of the hardness of the material and the finely carved details such as the holes on the outer edges that accommodate the cord. Kākā poria often became valued family heirlooms and were passed down from generation to generation.

</doc>
<doc id="19172179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172179" title="John Ackland (politician)">
John Ackland (politician)

John Hugh Ackland (21 August 1890 – 29 July 1958) was an Australian politician, and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1947 until 1958 representing the seats of Irwin-Moore and Moore.
Biography.
Ackland was born in Mitcham, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, to John Barnes Ackland, a warehouse manager, and Edith Ackland (née Randell). In 1896, the family moved to Western Australia, and he was educated at state schools in East Perth, Claremont and Northam before attending Scotch College. He obtained work as a jackaroo for Thomas Wilding at Mokine in 1906–1908, and from then on farmed at family properties. In 1910, he selected land at Lake Ninan near Wongan Hills, which became productive. During this time he became a member of the town's Board of Health, and on 21 December 1914, he married Elsie Stokes with whom he was to have two sons.
With the onset of the First World War, Ackland was enlisted into the Australian Imperial Force on 16 August 1916, and served in France as a private with the 28th Battalion, although acted as a Corporal and Lance Corporal at various times. He was wounded in battle on 5 June 1918, and was on secondment to the Agent-General for Western Australia's office in London prior to discharge on 25 November 1919.
After his war service, Ackland returned to Lake Ninan, and became a Justice of the Peace in 1922 and was elected to the Melbourne Road Board the following year. In 1927, he became its chairman, a position he would hold until 1940. He was also a member of the Royal Agricultural Show Council, was vice-president of the Wheat Section of the Primary Producers Association (associated with the Country Party) and was an early director of Co-operative Bulk Handling. From 1940 to 1945, he served as a Captain in the Volunteer Defence Corps.
Shortly after his return to civilian life, Ackland contested the seat of Irwin-Moore in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly for the Country Party at the 1947 election, and won against the incumbent Independent member Horace Berry. He retained the seat three years later when it was renamed Moore. He served on several Select Committees, including one into the agricultural practices of Eric Fairleigh in 1951, and the uniformity of liquid fuel prices in 1956; he also became a member of the Joint House Committee in 1956. He represented the Western Australian branch at the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association at its general conference in Ottawa, Canada, in 1982.
Ackland died suddenly after giving a speech at Wongan Hills Junior High School on 29 July 1958, and was buried in the Presbyterian section of Karrakatta Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19172182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172182" title="Football Manager (1982 series)">
Football Manager (1982 series)

Football Manager is a video game series published and developed by Addictive Games, the label set up by the game's creator Kevin Toms. The first game was released in 1982. It was then ported to most home computers during the 1980s and spawned several sequels: "Football Manager 2" (1988) and "Football Manager World Cup Edition" (1990), both designed by Kevin Toms, and finally "Football Manager 3" (1992), without Toms' involvement. "Football Manager 3" sold poorly, and as a result the series came to an end. The series was claimed to have sold over a million copies by 1992. The game was to start a whole new genre of computer game, the football management simulation.
"Football Manager".
Development and release.
Toms developed the first game on a Video Genie, a clone of the Tandy TRS-80. This was a text only game. It was converted to the Sinclair ZX80 and ZX81 and Toms created the software label Addictive Games to launch the game in 1982. It was then ported to the ZX Spectrum with added animated graphics showing match highlights.
The game was a huge success and was ported to a wide range of systems between 1984 and 1987. While the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, BBC Micro, Commodore 64 and PC versions, kept or improved all features such as the match highlights graphics, all others (including the Acorn Electron, Atari 8-bit, Commodore Plus/4 and MSX) were, like the original, text only.
Gameplay.
As the match is played, the screen is updated if a goal is scored. For versions with animated graphics highlights, attempts on goal are shown in isometric 3D at either end of the pitch with a scoreboard showing the current score. The player can not affect the game while it is in progress.
The player must also balance finances. Weekly income and expenditure is calculated and bank loans can be taken out. There is also a basic player transfer system. Random players become available to buy which the player can bid for. If the squad reaches the maximum of 16, no players will be available to buy. The player can also list their own players for sale and then accept or reject bids.
Game progress can be saved at any time. A customiser utility was included with the game so players could rename the teams and players.
Critical reception.
The game was well received by the gaming press although Sinclair User did comment on the lack of realism of the teams and individual player ratings. The excitement of watching the game in progress was often seen as the highlight of the game. Electron User claimed the game was "one of the best strategy games available for home computers" with reviewer Dave Carlos stating "I doubt that this game will ever be bettered".
The game was nominated in the 1983 Golden Joystick Awards for best strategy game, eventually coming second to the Melbourne House adventure game "The Hobbit". In 1985, Tony Hetherington of Computer Gamer magazine included the game in "The Spectrum Collection" - "15 classic games that all Spectrum owners should have".
By 1991, when reviewing the £2.99 budget release, Amiga Power awarded a score of only 19% as the game had been "out-featured by practically every other game in the genre" but was "still massively addictive" and referred to as a "classic" and "one of the legends of computer gaming". The ZX Spectrum version was voted the 26th best game of all time in a special issue of "Your Sinclair" magazine in 2004.
"Football Manager 2".
Development and release.
Following the sale of Addictive Games to Prism Leisure Corporation in 1987, Kevin Toms concentrated on creating a second "Football Manager" game. Unlike the original BASIC only game, the sequel required machine code which meant working with a number of developers for various systems. For the ZX Spectrum version, this was Bedrock Software. Unlike the first game that was stagger-released over a period of 5 years, "Football Manager 2" was launched on all formats at the same time in June 1988, although it was available on a much smaller range of systems - Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Amiga, Atari ST and PC.
Unlike the first game, there was no customiser utility with the original release but in 1989, "Football Manager 2 Expansion Kit" was released, both as a stand alone release and packed in with "Football Manager 2". As well as being able to rename teams and players, this offered the chance to start in division one or play in other leagues such as the 'Euro Super League' or as a national team in a 'World Championship'.
Gameplay.
Added features include team sponsorship, a training screen which allows the choice of long or short passing tactics and the ability to place your players in positions on the pitch. This is done by moving boxes representing your players on a graphical screen while comparing individual opponent players' skills (although, like the first game, the opposing players are not named). This means opposing strikers can be man marked. Another main difference to the first game is the graphical highlights, now on all versions, that now feature the full length of the pitch over three screens rather than just the goal attempts. Also, at half time, substitutions and formation changes can be made.
Critical reception.
Critical reception was again, generally positive although there were mixed reviews. In a highly positive review, based mainly on the ST version, Julian Rignall in C&VG said the game was "simply a football fan's dream come true. It's a beautifully structured and presented game and is engrossing, challenging and very, very addictive" awarding a score of 9/10. Sinclair User were similarly impressed giving a score of 94% concluding that it is "an improvement on a legendary game. It still looks tatty but plays brilliantly". In contrast, Tony Dillon in a review for Commodore User gave the game only 2/10, labelling the game "a very big letdown" with "little or no improvement over the original". Additionally he said the mouse control on the Amiga version was "apallingly bad" (a criticism also levelled in the positive C&VG review).
"Football Manager World Cup Edition".
Development and release.
"Football Manager World Cup Edition" was again designed by Kevin Toms with various programmers for different systems (including Bedrock Software for all 8-bit versions). A main figure in the management of the game was lost and not replaced and with the deadline of the World Cup dictating the release date, Toms felt the game was rushed and unfinished. This was the last involvement Toms had with either the series or Addictive Games.
The game was released in Summer 1990, to tie in with Italia '90, on all platforms "Football Manager 2" had been as well as the MSX. The game was released in a 'big box' with World Cup wallchart and competitions including a chance to feature on the cover of the upcoming "Football Manager 3" along with Kevin Toms (although this was never honoured as Toms had no involvement with that game).
Gameplay.
Although there is no financial element or any transfers, the basic team management elements of the previous games are still retained. There is more detail in the team set up such as each player being given tactics. The highlights are again shown over 3 screens (although played from top to bottom rather than left to right) but there is also the option of watching from an overhead view of the whole pitch.
The main addition to the game is the ability to talk to your players in the dressing room and to the press. A graphical screen is shown and the player can choose from a set list of phrases to answer reporters' questions before a game and motivate the team in the dressing room at half time. This affects the team's morale which in turn affects their performance.
Critical reception.
The game was not widely reviewed but Your Sinclair gave a broadly positive review, particularly praising the new team talk and reporters' questions but questioning if it could win over new fans. It gave a score of 82% concluding "it's slick, well-programmed and it's got more depth than Marianas Trench but if you don't like management games you'll probably end up using the pictures of Kevin Toms to throw darts at." Spanish magazine MicroHobby gave the game a score of 60%.
"Football Manager 3".
Development and release.
"Football Manager 3", while already planned when Kevin Toms was still working with Prism Leisure on the "World Cup Edition", was created without any involvement from the series' creator. Toms cited 'artistic differences' for the breakdown in the relationship between himself and Prism. The game was instead developed by Brian Rogers of Bedrock Software, who had actually been involved in programming the series since "Football Manager 2".
Release of the game was delayed. While a playable demo of the ZX Spectrum version was included on the cover tape of the September 1991 issue of Your Sinclair, with an expected release date 'a couple of months' later, the game was finally released at the end of 1992. Also, though versions were planned and advertised for all of the platforms "Football Manager 2" had been released on, the ST and Amiga versions were never released. The screenshots in the advertisements are not of any version that was released suggesting an ST or Amiga version had been developed.
As the 8-bit systems were declining in popularity by 1992 and there were more complex competitors available for PC (and the other 16-bit systems that the game was never released for) such as "Championship Manager" and "Premier Manager", the game sold poorly.
Gameplay.
There is much more detail for individual player attributes with three endurance and five skill values that can be altered through training. Each player also has a face which is shown when picking the team. Player contracts have to be negotiated and out of contract players will leave the club. The transfer market is much improved with each team in the league having named players for the first time with histories that can be studied when deciding to buy a new player. The matches are shown side-on with the whole pitch on screen. They are also meant to represent the whole game rather than edited highlights. Text commentary is shown at the bottom of the screen as the match is played. Unlike the previous two games, there is no chance to change tactics or substitute at half time. The team talk and reporter elements are also removed in this version.
Critical reception.
The game was not as well received as previous versions. Philip Lindey in Sinclair User suggested it was "difficult to get excited about "Football Manager 3"" and that it was overpriced, giving an overall score of 73%. Stuart Campbell in Your Sinclair thought the game was "not quite up to the standard of "Football Manager 2", to be honest, with vastly inferior presentation and graphics, and lots of hanging around while the computer thinks and doesn't seem to be working properly", giving a score of 70%. Amstrad Action awarded the game only 38%, again claiming it did not live up to "Football Manager 2".
Legacy.
Paul Robson developed a remake of the original game in 2001. This remake has since been ported to the GP2X and Google Android by Jonn Blanchard.
The "Football Manager" name was revived in 2005 by Sports Interactive as a continuation for their "Championship Manager" series after they lost the naming rights following a split with their publishers Eidos Interactive.

</doc>
<doc id="19172187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172187" title="Tom Gleeson (rugby union)">
Tom Gleeson (rugby union)

Tom Gleeson (born 26 September 1985 in Bishopstown, Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player. He plays as a Centre.
Munster.
He made his Munster debut against Border Reivers in September 2006.
His first try for Munster came against Connacht in December 2010.
Gleeson left Munster at the end of the 2011–12 season for a team that has not yet been announced.

</doc>
<doc id="19172191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172191" title="Töcksfors">
Töcksfors

Töcksfors is a locality situated in Årjäng Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 1,158 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19172195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172195" title="The Paramounts">
The Paramounts

The Paramounts were an English beat group, based in Southend-on-Sea, Essex. They had one hit single with their cover version of "Poison Ivy", which reached #35 on the UK Singles Chart in 1964, but are primarily known as the fore-runner to Procol Harum.
Career.
The origin of the Paramounts is unclear. They were either formed as "The Raiders" in 1959 when the members were at secondary school, or were one of the first "manufactured" bands, the organisers of a band competition at the Palace Hotel in Southend forming a group out of the best musicians in the contest. The Raiders had Robin Trower and Chris Copping (guitars), Mick Trower (lead vocals; older brother of Robin Trower) and Gary Nicholls (drums; born 1945). The initial line-up of the Paramounts from September 1960, was Gary Brooker (piano, ex-Johnny Short and the Coasters), Mick Brownlee (drums; born October 1943, ex-Mickey Law and the Outlaws), Chris Copping (bass), Bob Scott (vocals, ex-Bob Scott and the Clansmen) and Robin Trower (guitar). Scott soon left, and Brooker became the vocalist, but as he was only 14, this made playing in licensed premises difficult, so they started performing in Trower's father's cafe, which became The Shades Club. Copping left in December 1962 and Brownlee left in September 1963, and were replaced by Diz Derrick (bass; born Grahame Derrick, 11 December 1944, Upminster, Essex) and B J Wilson (drums). Their musical style evolved from their initial R&B towards soul and by 1963 they were regularly playing in London, and were signed by Parlophone. In late 1964 and early 1965 they had Phil Wainman on drums (born Philip Neil Wainman, 7 June 1946, West London), briefly replaced Wilson who went to Jimmy Powell and the Five Dimensions. Their first single, "Poison Ivy", produced by Ron Richards, was a cover of the Leiber and Stoller song, which had been a hit for The Coasters in 1959. It became a minor hit for the Paramounts, reaching #35 on the UK Singles Chart, which led to them appearing on TV shows such as "Ready Steady Go!."
Their second and third singles "Bad Blood" and "I'm the One who Loves You" both failed to chart, but the B side of the third single "It Won't Be Long" was the first song written by Brooker and Trower to be released. In search of another hit, subsequent singles were in different styles, but none of them charted. They became backing musicians on European tours by Sandie Shaw and Chris Andrews and the Paramounts eventually disbanded in 1966. 
Brooker concentrated on writing music, collaborating with Keith Reid, and Matthew Fisher (organ), and they recorded "A Whiter Shade of Pale". Needing a band to tour and promote the record, Brooker convinced Trower and Wilson to rejoin them, and augmented this with David Knights (bass). By 1969 Knights and Fisher had left and Chris Copping rejoined.
Liquorice John Death.
A friend of the musicians, Dave Mundy, disliked the name "Paramounts", which had been given to them by their manager, and wanted them to be called "Liquorice John Death". Mundy committed suicide in 1972, but left his possessions to Trower, including a painting of an album cover for an imaginary album by 'Liquorice John Death', which Mundy had called "Ain't Nothin' to Get Excited About".
In 1969, after Fisher and Knights had left Procol Harum, and Copping had joined, the line-up had evolved into the Paramounts' final line-up, minus Diz Derrick. At a practice/rehearsal in January 1970 the new line-up recorded 38 songs at Abbey Road Studios. Largely R&B covers that they had originally played as the "Paramounts", or songs in a similar vein, 13 of the tracks were mixed by Chris Thomas but the recordings were shelved.
An album containing all the Paramounts' singles, called "Whiter Shades of R&B", was issued in 1983. In 1998 all the known original Paramounts recordings were remastered, as were six of the 38 tracks recorded by Procol Harum, in the Paramounts' style, in 1970. These remastered tracks were issued on a CD using Mundy's band and album names, and his cover art. The CD was re-released in 2005 by Friday Music, without Mundy's cover.

</doc>
<doc id="19172199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172199" title="Monera">
Monera

Monera ( ) is a kingdom that contains unicellular organisms with a prokaryotic cell organization, (having no nucleus), such as bacteria.
The taxon Monera was first proposed as a phylum by Ernst Haeckel in 1866. Subsequently, the phylum was elevated to the rank of kingdom in 1925 by Édouard Chatton. The last commonly accepted mega-classification with the taxon Monera was the five-kingdom classification system established by Robert Whittaker in 1969.
Under the three-domain system of taxonomy, introduced by Carl Woese in 1977, which reflects the evolutionary history of life, the organisms found in kingdom Monera have been divided into two domains, Archaea and Bacteria (with Eukarya as the third domain). Furthermore the taxon Monera is paraphyletic (descended from a common ancestor). The term "moneran" is the informal name of members of this group and is still sometimes used (as is the term "prokaryote") to denote a member of either domain.
Most bacteria were classified under Monera however, Cyanobacteria (still often called the blue-green algae) were initially classified under Plantae due to their ability to photosynthesize.
History.
Haeckel's classification.
Traditionally the natural world was classified as animal, vegetable, or mineral as in Systema Naturae. After the development of the microscope, attempts were made to fit microscopic organisms into either the plant or animal kingdoms.
In 1676, Antonie van Leeuwenhoek discovered bacteria and called them "animalcules," assigning them to the class Vermes of the Animalia. Due to the limited tools — the sole references for this group were shape, behaviour, and habitat — the description of genera and their classification was extremely limited, which was accentuated by the perceived lack of importance of the group.
Ten years after "The Origin of Species" by Darwin, in 1866 Ernst Haeckel, a supporter of evolution, proposed a three-kingdom system which added the Protista as a new kingdom that contained most microscopic organisms. One of his eight major divisions of Protista was composed of the monerans (called Moneres in German) and defines them as completely structureless and homogeneous organisms, consisting only of a piece of plasma. Haeckel's Monera included not only bacterial groups of early discovery but also several small eukaryotic organisms; in fact the genus Vibrio is the only bacterial genus explicitly assigned to the phylum, while others are mentioned indirectly, which led Copeland to speculate that Haeckel considered all bacteria to belong to the genus Vibrio, ignoring other bacterial genera. One notable exception were the members of the modern phylum Cyanobacteria, such as "Nostoc", which were placed in the phylum Archephyta of Algae (vide infra: Blue-green algae).
The Neolatin noun Monera and the German noun Moneren/Moneres are derived from the ancient Greek noun "moneres (μονήρης)" which Haeckel states to mean "simple", however it actually means "single, solitary". Haeckel also describes the protist genus Monas in the two pages about Monera in his 1866 book. The informal name of a member of the Monera was initially moneron, but later moneran was used.
Due to its lack of features, the phylum was not fully subdivided, but the genera therein were divided into two groups:
Subsequent classifications.
Like Protista, the Monera classification was not fully followed at first and several different ranks were used and located with animals, plants, protists or fungi. Furthermore, Häkel's classification lacked specificity and was not exhaustive — it in fact covers only a few pages—, consequently a lot of confusion arose even to the point that the Monera did not contain bacterial genera and others according to Huxley. They were first recognized as a kingdom by Enderlein in 1925 (Bakterien-Cyclogenie. de Gruyter, Berlin).
The most popular scheme was created in 1859 by C. Von Nägeli who classified non-phototrophic Bacteria as the class Schizomycetes.
The class Schizomycetes was then emended by Walter Migula (along with the coinage of the genus "Pseudomonas" in 1894) and others. This term was in dominant use even in 1916 as reported by Robert Earle Buchanan, as it had priority over other terms such as Monera. However, starting with Ferdinand Cohn in 1872 the term bacteria (or in German der Bacterien) became prominently used to informally describe this group of species without a nucleus: Bacterium was in fact a genus created in 1828 by Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg Additionally, Cohn divided the bacteria according to shape namely:
Successively, Cohn created the Schizophyta of Plants which contained the non-photrophic bacteria in the family Schizomycetes and the phototrophic bacteria (blue green algae/Cyanobacteria) in the Schizophyceae
This union of blue green algae and Bacteria was much latr followed by Haeckel, who classified the two families in a revised phylum Monera in the Protista.
Stanier and van Neil (1941, The main outlines of bacterial classification. J Bacteriol 42: 437- 466) recognized the Kingdom Monera with 2 phyla, Myxophyta and Schizomycetae, the latter comprising classes Eubacteriae (3 orders), Myxobacteriae (1 order), and Spirochetae (1 order); Bisset (1962, Bacteria, 2nd ed., Livingston, London) distinguished 1 class and 4 orders: Eubacteriales, Actinomycetales, Streptomycetales, and Flexibacteriales; Orla-Jensen (1909, Die Hauptlinien des naturalischen Bakteriensystems nebst einer Ubersicht der Garungsphenomene. Zentr. Bakt. Parasitenk., II, 22: 305-346) and Bergey et al (1925, Bergey's Manual of Determinative Bacteriology, Baltimore : Williams & Wilkins Co.) with many subsequent editions) also presented classifications.
Rise to prominence.
The term Monera became well established in the 20s and 30s when to rightfully increase the importance of the difference between species with a nucleus and without, In 1925 Édouard Chatton divided all living organisms into two empires Prokaryotes and Eukaryotes: the Kingdom Monera being the sole member of the Prokaryotes empire.
The anthropic importance of the crown group of animals, plants and fungi was hard to depose; consequently, several other megaclassification schemes ignored on the empire rank but maintained the kingdom Monera consisting of bacteria, such Copeland in 1938 and Whittaker in 1969. The latter classification system was widely followed, in which Robert Whittaker proposed a five kingdom system for classification of living organisms. Whittaker's system placed most single celled organisms into either the prokaryotic Monera or the eukaryotic Protista. The other three kingdoms in his system were the eukaryotic Fungi, Animalia, and Plantae. Whittaker, however, did not believe that all his kingdoms were monophyletic.
Whittaker subdiveded the kingdom into two branches containing several phyla:
Alternative commonly followed subdivision systems were based on Gram stains. This culminated in the Gibbons and Murray classification of 1978:
Three-domain system.
In 1977, a PNAS paper by Carl Woese and George Fox demonstrated that the archaea (initially called archaebacteria) are not significantly closer in relationship to the bacteria than they are to eukaryotes. The paper received front-page coverage in "The New York Times", and great controversy initially. The conclusions have since become accepted, leading to replacement of the kingdom Monera with the two kingdoms Bacteria and Archaea. A minority of scientists, including Thomas Cavalier-Smith, continue to reject the widely accepted division between these two groups. Cavalier-Smith has published classifications in which the archaebacteria are part of a subkingdom of the Kingdom Bacteria.
Blue-green algae.
Although it was generally accepted that one could distinguish prokaryotes from eukaryotes on the basis of the presence of a nucleus, mitosis versus binary fission as a way of reproducing, size, and other traits, the monophyly of the kingdom Monera (or for that matter, whether classification should be according to phylogeny) was controversial for many decades. Although distinguishing between prokaryotes from eukaryotes as a fundamental distinction is often credited to a 1937 paper by Édouard Chatton (little noted until 1962), he did not emphasize this distinction more than other biologists of his era. Roger Stanier and C. B. van Niel believed that the bacteria (a term which at the time did not include blue-green algae) and the blue-green algae had a single origin, a conviction which culminated in Stanier writing in a letter in 1970, "I think it is now quite evident that the blue-green algae are not distinguishable from bacteria by any fundamental feature of their cellular organization". Other researchers, such as E. G. Pringsheim writing in 1949, suspected separate origins for bacteria and blue-green algae. In 1974, the influential "Bergey's Manual" published a new edition coining the term cyanobacteria to refer to what had been called blue-green algae, marking the acceptance of this group within the Monera.

</doc>
<doc id="19172200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172200" title="Verbum nobile">
Verbum nobile

Verbum nobile ('The word of a nobleman') is a one-act comic opera by Polish national composer Stanisław Moniuszko written to a libretto by Jan Chęciński, and set in 18th century Poland before foreign partitions of the country. It was first performed in Warsaw on January 1, 1861 to instant popularity.
Synopsis.
The plot is a rehash of a familiar operatic theme- Zuzia and Michal are promised to each other by their parents, without their having met; they meet accidentally and fall in love. Michal, having given his name as Stanisław, is refused Zusia's hand by her father, who has given his word to Serwacy, Michal's father, on the betrothal. All is explained, preventing a duel between Marcin and Serwacy, and the marriage can go ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="19172225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172225" title="Prokaryote">
Prokaryote

The prokaryotes are a group of organisms whose cells lack a membrane-bound nucleus (karyon). The organisms whose cells do have a nucleus are called eukaryotes. Most prokaryotes are unicellular organisms, although a few such as myxobacteria have multicellular stages in their life cycles or create large colonies like cyanobacteria. The word "prokaryote" comes from the Greek πρό- ("pro"-) "before" and καρυόν ("karyon") "nut or kernel". Prokaryotes do not have a membrane bound nucleus, mitochondria, or any other membrane-bound organelles. In other words, all their intracellular water-soluble components (proteins, DNA and metabolites) are located together in the same volume enclosed by the cell membrane, rather than in separate cellular compartments.
The division to prokaryotes and eukaryotes reflects two distinct levels of cellular organization rather than biological classification of species. Prokaryotes include two major classification domains of life: the Bacteria and the Archaea. Archaea were recognized as a domain in 1990. These organisms were originally thought to live only in inhospitable conditions such as extremes of temperature, pH, and radiation but have since been found in all types of habitats.
Relationship to eukaryotes.
The division between prokaryotes and eukaryotes is usually considered the most important distinction or difference among organisms. The distinction is that eukaryotic cells have a "true" nucleus containing their DNA, whereas prokaryotic cells do not have a nucleus. One criticism of this classification points out that the word "prokaryote" is based on what these organisms are not (they are not eukaryotic), rather than what they are (either archaea or bacteria).
Another difference is that ribosomes in prokaryotes are smaller than in eukaryotes. However, two organelles found in many eukaryotic cells, mitochondria and chloroplasts, contain ribosomes similar in size and makeup to those found in prokaryotes. This is one of many pieces of evidence that mitochondria and chloroplasts are themselves descended from free-living bacteria. This theory holds that early eukaryotic cells took in primitive prokaryotic cells by phagocytosis and adapted themselves to incorporate their structures, leading to the mitochondria we see today.
The genome in a prokaryote is held within a DNA/protein complex in the cytosol called the nucleoid, which lacks a nuclear envelope. The complex contains a single, cyclic, double-stranded molecule of stable chromosomal DNA, in contrast to the multiple linear, compact, highly organized chromosomes found in eukaryotic cells. In addition, many important genes of prokaryotes are stored in separate circular DNA structures called plasmids.
Prokaryotes lack mitochondria and chloroplasts. Instead, processes such as oxidative phosphorylation and photosynthesis take place across the prokaryotic cell membrane. However, prokaryotes do possess some internal structures, such as prokaryotic cytoskeletons, and the bacterial order Planctomycetes have a membrane around their nucleoid and contain other membrane-bound cellular structures. Both eukaryotes and prokaryotes contain large RNA/protein structures called ribosomes, which produce protein.
Prokaryotic cells are usually much smaller than eukaryotic cells. Therefore, prokaryotes have a larger surface-area-to-volume ratio, giving them a higher metabolic rate, a higher growth rate, and as a consequence, a shorter generation time than eukaryotes.
In 1977, Carl Woese proposed dividing prokaryotes into the Bacteria and Archaea (originally Eubacteria and Archaebacteria) because of the major differences in the structure and genetics between the two groups of organisms. This arrangement of Eukaryota (also called "Eukarya"), Bacteria, and Archaea is called the three-domain system, replacing the traditional two-empire system.
Sociality.
While prokaryotes are considered to be strictly unicellular, most are capable of forming stable aggregate communities. When such communities are encased in a stabilizing polymer matrix ("slime"), they may be called "biofilms". Cells in biofilms often show distinct patterns of gene expression (phenotypic differentiation) in time and space. Also, as with multicellular eukaryotes, these changes in expression appear to often result from cell-to-cell signaling, a phenomenon known as quorum sensing.
Biofilms may be highly heterogeneous and structurally complex and may attach to solid surfaces, or exist at liquid-air interfaces, or potentially even liquid-liquid interfaces. Bacterial biofilms are often made up of microcolonies (approximately dome-shaped masses of bacteria and matrix) separated by "voids" through which the medium (e.g., water) may flow relatively uninhibited. The microcolonies may join together above the substratum to form a continuous layer, closing the network of channels separating microcolonies. This structural complexity—combined with observations that oxygen limitation (a ubiquitous challenge for anything growing in size beyond the scale of diffusion) is at least partially eased by movement of medium throughout the biofilm—has led some to speculate that this may constitute a circulatory system and many researchers have started calling prokaryotic communities multicellular (for example ). Differential cell expression, collective behavior, signaling, programmed cell death, and (in some cases) discrete biological dispersal events all seem to point in this direction. However, these colonies are seldom if ever founded by a single founder (in the way that animals and plants are founded by single cells), which presents a number of theoretical issues. Most explanations of co-operation and the evolution of multicellularity have focused on high relatedness between members of a group (or colony, or whole organism). If a copy of a gene is present in all members of a group, behaviors that promote cooperation between members may permit those members to have (on average) greater fitness than a similar group of selfish individuals (see inclusive fitness and Hamilton's rule).
Should these instances of prokaryotic sociality prove to be the rule rather than the exception, it would have serious implications for the way we view prokaryotes in general and the way we deal with them in medicine. Bacterial biofilms may be 100 times more resistant to antibiotics than free-living unicells and may be nearly impossible to remove from surfaces once they have colonized them. Other aspects of bacterial cooperation—such as bacterial conjugation and quorum-sensing-mediated pathogenicity—present additional challenges to researchers and medical professionals seeking to treat the associated diseases.
Reproduction.
Bacteria and archaea reproduce through asexual reproduction, usually by binary fission. Genetic exchange and recombination still occur, but this a form of horizontal gene transfer and is not a replicative process, simply involving the transference of DNA between two cells, as in bacterial conjugation.
DNA transfer.
DNA transfer between prokaryotic cells occurs both in bacteria and archaea, although it has been mainly studied in bacteria. In bacteria, gene transfer occurs by three processes. These are (1) bacterial virus (bacteriophage)-mediated transduction, (2) plasmid-mediated conjugation, and (3) natural transformation. Transduction of bacterial genes by bacteriophage appears to reflect an occasional error during intracellular assembly of virus particles, rather than an adaptation of the host bacteria. The transfer of bacterial DNA is under the control of the bacteriophage’s genes rather than bacterial genes. Conjugation in the well-studied "E. coli" system is controlled by plasmid genes, and is an adaptation for distributing copies of a plasmid from one bacterial host to another. Infrequently during this process, a plasmid may integrate into the host bacterial chromosome, and subsequently transfer part of the host bacterial DNA to another bacterium. Plasmid mediated transfer of host bacterial DNA (conjugation) also appears to be an accidental process rather than a bacterial adaptation.
Natural bacterial transformation involves the transfer of DNA from one bacterium to another through the intervening medium. Unlike transduction and conjugation, transformation is clearly a bacterial adaptation for DNA transfer, because it depends on numerous bacterial gene products that specifically interact to perform this complex process. For a bacterium to bind, take up and recombine donor DNA into its own chromosome, it must first enter a special physiological state called competence. About 40 genes are required in "Bacillus subtilis" for the development of competence. The length of DNA transferred during "B. subtilis" transformation can be as much as a third to the whole chromosome. Transformation is a common mode of DNA transfer, and 67 prokaryotic species are thus far known to be naturally competent for transformation. The development of competence in nature is usually associated with stressful environmental conditions, and appears to be an adaptation for promoting repair of DNA damage in recipient cells.
Among archaea, "Halobacterium volcanii" forms cytoplasmic bridges between cells that appear to be used for transfer of DNA from one cell to another. Another archaeon, "Sulfolobus solfataricus", transfers DNA between cells by direct contact. Frols et al. found that exposure of "S. solfataricus" to DNA damaging agents induces cellular aggregation, and suggested that cellular aggregation may enhance DNA transfer among cells to provide increased repair of damaged DNA via homologous recombination.
Structure.
Recent research indicates that all prokaryotes actually do have cytoskeletons, albeit more primitive than those of eukaryotes. Besides homologues of actin and tubulin (MreB and FtsZ), the helically arranged building-block of the flagellum, flagellin, is one of the most significant cytoskeletal proteins of bacteria, as it provides structural backgrounds of chemotaxis, the basic cell physiological response of bacteria. At least some prokaryotes also contain intracellular structures that can be seen as primitive organelles. Membranous organelles (a.k.a. intracellular membranes) are known in some groups of prokaryotes, such as vacuoles or membrane systems devoted to special metabolic properties, e.g., photosynthesis or chemolithotrophy. In addition, some species also contain protein-enclosed microcompartments, which have distinct physiological roles (e.g., carboxysomes or gas vacuoles).
Most prokaryotes are between 1 µm and 10 µm, but they can vary in size from 0.2 µm to 750 µm ("Thiomargarita namibiensis").
Morphology of prokaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells have various shapes; the four basic shapes are:
Environment.
Prokaryotes live in nearly all environments on Earth. Some archaea and bacteria thrive in harsh conditions, such as high temperatures (thermophiles) or high salinity (halophiles). Organisms such as these are referred to as extremophiles. Many archaea grow as plankton in the oceans. Symbiotic prokaryotes live in or on the bodies of other organisms, including humans.
Evolution of prokaryotes.
The current model of the evolution of the first living organisms is that these were some form of prokaryotes, which may have evolved out of protobionts. In general, the eukaryotes are thought to have evolved later in the history of life. However, some authors have questioned this conclusion, arguing that the current set of prokaryotic species may have evolved from more complex eukaryotic ancestors through a process of simplification. Others have argued that the three domains of life arose simultaneously, from a set of varied cells that formed a single gene pool. This controversy was summarized in 2005:
There is no consensus among biologists concerning the position of the eukaryotes in the overall scheme of cell evolution. Current opinions on the origin and position of eukaryotes span a broad spectrum including the views that eukaryotes arose first in evolution and that prokaryotes descend from them, that eukaryotes arose contemporaneously with eubacteria and archeabacteria and hence represent a primary line of descent of equal age and rank as the prokaryotes, that eukaryotes arose through a symbiotic event entailing an endosymbiotic origin of the nucleus, that eukaryotes arose without endosymbiosis, and that eukaryotes arose through a symbiotic event entailing a simultaneous endosymbiotic origin of the flagellum and the nucleus, in addition to many other models, which have been reviewed and summarized elsewhere.
The oldest known fossilized prokaryotes were laid down approximately 3.5 billion years ago, only about 1 billion years after the formation of the Earth's crust. Eukaryotes only appear in the fossil record later, and may have formed from endosymbiosis of multiple prokaryote ancestors. The oldest known fossil eukaryotes are about 1.7 billion years old. However, some genetic evidence suggests eukaryotes appeared as early as 3 billion years ago.
While Earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist, some have suggested that there is evidence on Mars of fossil or living prokaryotes; but this possibility remains the subject of considerable debate and skepticism.
Prokaryotes have diversified greatly throughout their long existence. The metabolism of prokaryotes is far more varied than that of eukaryotes, leading to many highly distinct prokaryotic types. For example, in addition to using photosynthesis or organic compounds for energy, as eukaryotes do, prokaryotes may obtain energy from inorganic compounds such as hydrogen sulfide. This enables prokaryotes to thrive in harsh environments as cold as the snow surface of Antarctica, studied in cryobiology or as hot as undersea hydrothermal vents and land-based hot springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19172248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172248" title="Louis Bruyas">
Louis Bruyas

Louis Bruyas (24 April 1738, Lyon - 14 June 1807, Friedland, now known as Pravdinsk, near Kaliningrad, Russia), stage and pen-name Bursay, was a French actor and playwright. He was a member of the prestigious Académie des Arcades de Rome.
Life.
He débuted at the Comédie-Française on 16 February 1761, in the rôle of Zamore in Voltaire's "Alzire". The "Mercure de France" for March wrote "This new débutant is an agreeable figure, and of an advantageous size. The organ of his voice is naturally beautiful. He shows much fire." Reading this, he left the Théâtre-Français shortly afterwards to enter the company of Mademoiselle Montansier, holder of the theatre concession for Britanny and Normandy. Bursay thus spent 8 years as a theatre director, playing with the company in Amiens, Rouen and Nantes.
In 1768, he reached Vienna and there met and became friends with Noverre. On Bruyas's return to Paris the following year, he débuted for a second time at the Comédie-Française on 15 January 1769, in "La Métromanie" by Alexis Piron and in "L'Époux par supercherie" by Louis de Boissy. After another stay in Vienna in 1772, he acted at La Rochelle before being taken on by Brussels's Théâtre de la Monnaie for the 1773-1774 season.
He then went to Marseille, where he acted from 1775 to 1780 (with the exception of the 1778-1779 season, which he spent in Brussels), and there had printed several of his translations from Kotzebue. On 1 October 1776 he married Marie-Anne Moylin, daughter of two actors, in Marseille. Taken on again in Brussels in 1781, he stayed there until 1793, making more translations of Kotzebue than his own plays, in which he played the lead rôles.
His daughter-in-law, Aurore Domergue, a singer at the Opéra de Paris under the stage-name "Mlle Aurore", had several of his plays and translations put on in Hamburg, Saint Petersburg and Moscow under the name Mme Bursay.

</doc>
<doc id="19172252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172252" title="Rudi Mahall">
Rudi Mahall

Rudi Mahall (born 1966 in Nürnberg, Germany) is a contemporary jazz bass clarinetist.
While studying classical clarinet, Mahall shifted towards contemporary music, improvisation and jazz.
He is, or was a member of following bands:
Avantgardeband "Die Hartmann 8", Der Rote Bereich (initially comprehending Frank Möbus, Marty Cook, Jim Black und Henning Sievert), the Trio "Tiefe töne für Augen und Ohren" (with Sievert and Bill Elgart), Carlos Bicas "Azul" and "Die Enttäuschung" (amongst others with Axel Dörner, Jan Roder). He carried out several projects and published CDs with Aki Takase, about the work of Eric Dolphy and others. Mahall participated to Alexander von Schlippenbach's recording of the complete works of Thelonious Monk, published by a prestigious Swiss label, and he is a member of the Globe Unity Orchestra. Moreover he performed with Conny Bauer, Lee Konitz, Barry Guy, Karl Berger, Paul Lovens, Sven-Åke Johansson, Radu Malfatti, Ed Schuller, Ray Anderson, Kenny Wheeler, Hannes Bauer and many others.
Mahall performed at the Free Music Festival Jazz à Mulhouse in 2008, at the Moers Festival, the JazzFest Berlin, the Leverkusener Jazztage and jazz festivals in New York City, Amsterdam, München, Würzburg, Nürnberg, and he toured in Portugal, southern and eastern Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19172256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172256" title="John Chamberlaine">
John Chamberlaine

John Chamberlaine (1745 - 12 January 1812 Paddington Green) was an antiquary and acted as keeper of George III's drawings, coins and medals from 1791 until his death in 1812. He published prints of drawings in the Royal Collection by Holbein, Leonardo, Annibale Carracci and others, for which Francesco Bartolozzi (1728-1815) the engraver and etcher, was commissioned as a printmaker. 
Career.
Chamberlaine was appointed to his post on the death of Dalton in 1791. 
He collaborated with Frederick Augusta Barnard and published eighty-four plates in 14 parts between March 1792 and February 1800. 
The work was titled "Imitations of Original Drawings by Hans Holbein in the Collection of His Majesty for the Portraits of Illustrious Persons of the Court of Henry VIII". 
The biographical notes were provided by Edmund Lodge, the Lancaster Herald, the vast majority of the plates being engraved by Francesco Bartolozzi, whom Dalton had imported from Florence in 1764, and some by Anthony Cardon (1772-1813). 
He then published "Original Designs of the most Celebrated Masters of Bolognese, Roman, Florentine and Venetian Schools, comprising some of the Works of L. da Vinci, the Carracci, C. Lorrain, Raphael, Michael Angelo, the Poussins and Others in His Majesty's Collection.", London (1812). 
The plates for this work were prepared mainly by Bartolozzi with the assistance of his pupil, Tomkins. 
Chamberlaine was admitted as a member of the Society of Antiquaries on 7 June 1792. He was also a member of the Society of Arts. 
Provenance.
The original Holbein drawings had disappeared and reappeared in royal hands a number of times since their creation in the mid-sixteenth century. Caroline of Ansbach framed and hung them at Richmond Lodge. In the 1740s George III had them taken out of their frames and rebound in two volumes. Richard Dalton, who acted as George III’s first librarian, had engravings made of 35 of the drawings between 1774 and 1791. The plates were published by W. Richardson in 1792 and titled "The Court of Henry the Eighth"; these reproductions turned out to be of poor quality.

</doc>
<doc id="19172282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172282" title="Ian Angus (footballer)">
Ian Angus (footballer)

Ian Angus (born 14 March 1964 in Stirling) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Angus started his career in 1980 at Aberdeen, playing in 84 league matches during his seven years at Pittodrie. A 1987 move to Dundee brought a similar number of appearances in only three seasons and saw Angus move to Motherwell. In his first season at Fir Park, he helped them on their way to victory in the Scottish Cup, scoring in the 4–3 win against Dundee United. In 1994, Angus left Motherwell and joined Clyde, playing in the majority of matches over the next two seasons. His finest moment as a Clyde player came when he scored the opening goal against Rangers in the Scottish Cup, though Clyde went on to lose 4–1. A spell at Albion Rovers added a few more appearances. Angus also played for 11 years at Stirling Albion before retiring aged 45 in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19172290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172290" title="Louis de Boissy">
Louis de Boissy

Louis de Boissy (26 November 1694 in Vic-sur-Cère – 19 April 1758 in Paris) was a French writer. He was elected to seat 6 of the Académie française on 12 August 1754. He wrote satires and several comedies, of which the best is "Les Dehors trompeurs ou l'Homme du jour" (The False Appearances, or the Man of the Moment), the “hit” of the 1740 season, with a cast including Quinault-Dufresne and Jeanne Quinault. Boissy had the concession to print the "Mercure de France". His son was Louis Michel de Boissy.
Works.
His works were published in 9 volumes in-8 in Paris in 1766.

</doc>
<doc id="19172308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172308" title="Taiping Prison">
Taiping Prison

Taiping Prison, originally called "The Perak Prison" and better known as "Taiping Gaol", was established in 1879 and is the first and oldest modern prison complex in Malaysia. It was also the largest prison complex at the time. In 1881 Seikh warders were brought in to assist Malay warders and vocational trainers were brought in from Hong Kong to introduce useful industry in the prison. In 1882 there was an exercise to place prison inmates into categories. In 1889 a European warder was appointed. With the establishment of the Federate Malay States, Taiping Prison became the detention centre for prisoners with long sentences from Perak, Pahang, Negeri Sembilan and Selangor. In 1923 the system of "Visiting Justices" was introduced. Prison industry had been developed and included printing works, cloth production, sewing and rattan and ironworking. In 1924 stoneworking was halted and replaced with coconut dehusking. In WWII, during the Japanese occupation (1941-1945), Taiping Prison was used as a public prison and also a Japanese prisoner-of-war detention centre. It was during this period that all records about the prison and its inmates were destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="19172343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172343" title="Mega Mix (Boney M. song)">
Mega Mix (Boney M. song)

"Megamix" is a 1992 single by German band Boney M. It returned the group to the UK Top 10 for the first time since 1979, peaking at #7, and was also a hit single in the rest of Europe and launched a Boney M. revival with the subsequent compilation album "Gold - 20 Super Hits" (in the UK: "The Greatest Hits"). The German 12" and CD single included a new remix of the 1983 recording "I Need a Babysitter" (previously only released in Spain and Portugal) while the UK edition was backed by the new remix of the group's 1978 chart-topper "Mary's Boy Child / Oh My Lord".
While the original members were no longer together, lead singer Liz Mitchell's line-up with Carol Grey, Patricia Foster and Curt Dee Daran did the promotion for the single and album.
Single releases.
Germany
7"
12"
CD
UK
7"
12"
CD

</doc>
<doc id="19172363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172363" title="Total curvature">
Total curvature

In mathematical study of the differential geometry of curves, the total curvature of an immersed plane curve is the integral of curvature along a curve taken with respect to arc length:
The total curvature of a closed curve is always an integer multiple of 2π, called the index of the curve, or turning number – it is the winding number of the unit tangent vector about the origin, or equivalently the degree of the map to the unit circle assigning to each point of the curve, the unit velocity vector at that point. This map is similar to the Gauss map for surfaces.
Comparison to surfaces.
This relationship between a local geometric invariant, the curvature, and a global topological invariant, the index, is characteristic of results in higher-dimensional Riemannian geometry such as the Gauss–Bonnet theorem.
Invariance.
According to the Whitney–Graustein theorem, the total curvature is invariant under a regular homotopy of a curve: it is the degree of the Gauss map. However, it is not invariant under homotopy: passing through a kink (cusp) changes the turning number by 1.
By contrast, winding number about a point is invariant under homotopies that do not pass through the point, and changes by 1 if one passes through the point.
Generalizations.
A finite generalization is that the exterior angles of a triangle, or more generally any simple polygon, add up to 360° = 2"π" radians, corresponding to a turning number of 1. More generally, polygonal chains that do not go back on themselves (no 180° angles) have well-defined total curvature, interpreting the curvature as point masses at the angles.
The total curvature of a curve γ in a higher dimensional Euclidean space (equipped with its arclength parameterization) can be obtained by flattening out the tangent developable to γ into a plane, and computing the total curvature of the resulting curve. That is, the total curvature of a curve in "n"-dimensional space is
where κ"n"−1 is last Frenet curvature (the torsion of the curve) and sgn is the signum function.
The minimum total curvature of any three-dimensional curve representing a given knot is an invariant of the knot. This invariant has the value 2π for the unknot, but by the Fary–Milnor theorem it is at least 4π for any other knot.

</doc>
<doc id="19172368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172368" title="Wyner">
Wyner

Wyner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19172369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172369" title="Criticism of non-standard analysis">
Criticism of non-standard analysis

Non-standard analysis and its offshoot, non-standard calculus, have been criticized by several authors. The evaluation of non-standard analysis in the literature has varied greatly. Paul Halmos described it as a technical special development in mathematical logic. Fields medalist Terence Tao summed up the advantage of the hyperreal framework by noting that it
The nature of the criticisms is not directly related to the logical status of the results proved using non-standard analysis. In terms of conventional mathematical foundations in classical logic, such results are quite acceptable. Abraham Robinson's non-standard analysis does not need any axioms beyond Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory (ZFC) (as shown explicitly by Wilhelmus Luxemburg's ultrapower construction of the hyperreals), while its variant by Edward Nelson, known as IST, is similarly a conservative extension of ZFC. It provides an assurance that the newness of non-standard analysis is entirely as a strategy of proof, not in range of results. Further, model theoretic non-standard analysis, for example based on superstructures, which is now a commonly used approach, does not need any new set-theoretic axioms beyond those of ZFC.
Controversy has existed on issues of mathematical pedagogy. Also non-standard analysis as developed is not the only candidate to fulfill the aims of a theory of infinitesimals (see Smooth infinitesimal analysis). Philip J. Davis wrote, in a book review of "Left Back: A Century of Failed School Reforms" (2002) by Diane Ravitch:
Non-standard calculus in the classroom has been analysed in the Chicago study by K. Sullivan, as reflected in secondary literature at Influence of non-standard analysis. Sullivan showed that students following the NSA course were better able to interpret the sense of the mathematical formalism of calculus than a control group following a standard syllabus. This was also noted by Artigue (1994), page 172; Chihara (2007); and Dauben (1988).
Bishop's criticism.
In the view of Errett Bishop, classical mathematics, which includes Robinson's approach to nonstandard analysis, was non-constructive and therefore deficient in numerical meaning . Bishop was particularly concerned about the use of non-standard analysis in teaching as he discussed in his essay "Crisis in mathematics" . Specifically, after discussing Hilbert's formalist program he wrote:
Katz & Katz (2010) note that a number of criticisms were voiced by the participating mathematicians and historians following Bishop's "Crisis" talk, at the AAAS workshop in 1974. However, not a word was said by the participants about Bishop's "debasement" of Robinson's theory. Katz & Katz point out that it recently came to light that Bishop in fact said not a word about Robinson's theory at the workshop, and only added his "debasement" remark at the galley proof stage of publication. This helps explain the absence of critical reactions at the workshop. Katz & Katz conclude that this raises issues of integrity on the part of Bishop whose published text does not report the fact that the "debasement" comment was added at galley stage and therefore was not heard by the workshop participants, creating a spurious impression that they did not disagree with the comments.
The fact that Bishop viewed the introduction of non-standard analysis in the classroom as a "debasement of meaning" was noted by J. Dauben. The term was clarified by Bishop (1985, p. 1) in his text "Schizophrenia in contemporary mathematics" (first distributed in 1973), as follows:
Thus, Bishop first applied the term "debasement of meaning" to classical mathematics as a whole, and later applied it to Robinson's infinitesimals in the classroom. In his "Foundations of Constructive Analysis" (1967, page ix), Bishop wrote:
Bishop's review.
Bishop reviewed the book "" by Keisler which presented elementary calculus using the methods of nonstandard analysis. Bishop was chosen by his advisor Paul Halmos to review the book. The review appeared in the "Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society" in 1977. This article is referred to by David O. Tall while discussing the use of non-standard analysis in education. Tall wrote:
Bishop's review supplied several quotations from Keisler's book, such as:
and
The review criticized Keisler's text for not providing evidence to support these statements, and for adopting an axiomatic approach when it was not clear to the students there was any system that satisfied the axioms . The review ended as follows:
The technical complications introduced by Keisler's approach are of minor
importance. The real damage lies in [Keisler's] obfuscation and devitalization of those
wonderful ideas standard calculus. No invocation of Newton and Leibniz is going to justify
developing calculus using axioms V* and VI*-on the grounds that the usual
definition of a limit is too complicated!
Although it seems to be futile, I always tell my calculus students that mathematics is not esoteric: It is common sense. (Even the notorious (ε, δ)-definition of limit is common sense, and moreover it is central to the important practical problems of approximation and estimation.) They do not believe me. In fact the idea makes them uncomfortable because it contradicts their previous experience. Now we have a calculus text that can be used to confirm their experience of mathematics as an esoteric and meaningless exercise in technique.
Responses.
In his response in the "Notices", Keisler (1977, p. 269) asked:
Comparing the use of the law of excluded middle (rejected by constructivists) to wine, Keisler equated Halmos' choice with "choosing a teetotaller to sample wine".
Bishop's book review was subsequently criticized in the same journal by Martin Davis, who wrote on p. 1008 of :
Davis added (p. 1008) that Bishop stated his objections
Physicist Vadim Komkov (1977, p. 270) wrote:
Whether or not non-standard analysis can be done constructively, Komkov perceived a foundational concern on Bishop's part.
Philosopher of Mathematics Geoffrey Hellman (1993, p. 222) wrote:
Historian of Mathematics Joseph Dauben analyzed Bishop's criticism in (1988, p. 192). After evoking the "success" of nonstandard analysis
Dauben stated:
Dauben mentioned "impressive" applications in
At this "deeper" level of meaning, Dauben concluded,
A number of authors have commented on the tone of Bishop's book review. Artigue (1992) described it as "virulent"; Dauben (1996), as "vitriolic"; Davis and Hauser (1978), as "hostile"; Tall (2001), as "extreme".
Ian Stewart (1986) compared Halmos' asking Bishop to review Keisler's book, to
Katz & Katz (2010) point out that
They further note that
G. Stolzenberg contended in a letter published in "The Notices" that constructivists are capable of the rational minded inquiry necessary to objectively review a textbook that is not constructive. Meanwhile, a recent study notes the vitriolic tone of Stolzenberg's own letter. Thus, his short letter contains five occurrences of the root "dogma", culminating in a final "spouting of dogma" (attributed to Keisler), whereas the root is absent from Keisler's own letter.
Connes' criticism.
In "Brisure de symétrie spontanée et géométrie du point de vue spectral", Journal of Geometry and Physics 23 ('97), 206–234, Alain Connes wrote:
In his '95 article "Noncommutative geometry and reality" Connes develops a calculus of infinitesimals based on operators in Hilbert space. He proceeds to "explain why the formalism of nonstandard analysis is inadequate" for his purposes. Connes points out the following three aspects of Robinson's hyperreals:
(1) a nonstandard hyperreal "cannot be exhibited" (the reason given being its relation to non-measurable sets);
(2) "the practical use of such a notion is limited to computations in which the final result is independent of the exact value of the above infinitesimal. This is the way nonstandard analysis and ultraproducts are used [...]".
(3) the hyperreals are commutative.
Katz & Katz analyze Connes' criticisms of non-standard analysis, and challenge the specific claims (1) and (2). With regard to (1), Connes' own infinitesimals similarly rely on non-constructive foundational material, such as the existence of a Dixmier trace. With regard to (2), Connes presents the independence of the choice of infinitesimal as a "feature" of his own theory. 
Kanovei et al. (2012) analyze Connes' contention that non-standard numbers are "chimerical". They note that the content of his criticism is that "ultrafilters" are "chimerical", and point out that Connes exploited ultrafilters in an essential manner in his earlier work in functional analysis. They analyze Connes' claim that the hyperreal theory is merely "virtual". Connes' references to the work of Robert Solovay suggest that Connes means to criticize the hyperreals for allegedly not being definable. If so, Connes' claim concerning the hyperreals is demonstrably incorrect, given the existence of a definable model of the hyperreals constructed by Vladimir Kanovei and Saharon Shelah (2004). Kanovei et al. (2012) also provide a chronological table of increasingly vitriolic epithets employed by Connes to describe NSA over the period between 1995 and 2007, starting with "inadequate" and "disappointing" and culminating with "the end of the road for being 'explicit'".
Katz & Leichtnam (2013) write that "two-thirds of Connes' critique of Robinson's infinitesimal approach can be said to be incoherent, in the specific sense of not being coherent with what Connes writes (approvingly) about his own infinitesimal approach."
Halmos' remarks.
Paul Halmos writes in "Invariant subspaces", "American Mathematical Monthly" 85 ('78) 182–183 as follows:
Halmos writes in (Halmos '85) as follows (p. 204):
While commenting on the "role of non-standard analysis in mathematics", Halmos writes (p. 204):
Halmos concludes his discussion of non-standard analysis as follows (p. 204):
Katz & Katz (2010) note that
Comments by Bos and Medvedev.
Leibniz historian Henk Bos (1974) acknowledged that Robinson's hyperreals provide
F. Medvedev (1998) further points out that

</doc>
<doc id="19172378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172378" title="Far East Group">
Far East Group

Far East Global Group was first established in 1969 in Hong Kong as a small workshop and the business was incorporated in 1977 as Far East Aluminium Works Company Limited. Through years of growth and expansion, the workshop has been transformed from a small aluminium windows contractor into a multi-national enterprise. In 1991, the then newly incorporated holding company, Far East Aluminium (Holdings) Limited (“FEAHL”), successfully went public and became a listed company in Hong Kong.
Internationally, Far East Global Group has been hired as the key exterior facade contractor in various countries including, United Arab Emirates, United States, Canada, Chile, Singapore, Macau and China.
In April 2008, Far East Aluminum has officially been renamed as Far East Group Limited.
In December 2009, Far East Group Limited officially changed its name to Far East Global Group Limited.
History.
In late 2007, Showmost Group Limited, a company jointly-owned by Lotus China Fund II L.P. (“Lotus”) and Starflash Investment Limited, obtained the entire equity interests in FEA Holdings Limited (“FEA”), the immediate holding company of all operating companies within the then FEAHL for the facade and cladding engineering businesses, and FEA ceased to be a subsidiary of CATIC.
In March 2010, Far East Global Group successfully went public and became a listed company in Hong Kong (HK.0830).
In March 2012, Far East Gloabl Group became a member of China State Construction International Holdings Limited.
Key Management.
Far East Global Group consists of several key Directors and senior Management who manage the entire operations of Far East Global Group
This Includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19172385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172385" title="Li Qiang">
Li Qiang

Li Qiang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19172387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172387" title="Timesheet Constructor">
Timesheet Constructor

Timesheet Constructor is a commercially available software program to create timesheets, developed by Entrysoft. There are two versions available of this program: the standalone version and the client /server version. They both target a different audience. Neither program is web based.
Timesheet Constructor standalone.
The standalone version targets freelancers or other people that work alone but need to provide timesheets to their clients. The program doesn't require a login and uses a proprietary database system that allows easy installation.
Timesheet Constructor client/server.
The client/server version targets enterprises that need to keep an eye on projects, time spent, etc. This version requires the user to login (the login can also be connected to the Windows login). It has versatile graphing capabilities for monitoring the users. The client/server version uses SQL Server 2000 (or news) as a database backend.

</doc>
<doc id="19172397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172397" title="Cultural achievements of pre-colonial Philippines">
Cultural achievements of pre-colonial Philippines

The cultural achievements of pre-colonial Philippines include those covered by prehistory and early history of the Philippines archipelago and its inhabitants, which are the indigenous forebears of today's Filipino people.
Agriculture.
Early Filipinos were good agriculturists. A report during the time of Miguel López de Legazpi noted of the great abundance of rice, fowls, wine as well as great numbers of carabaos, deer, wild boar and goats in Luzon. In addition, there were also great quantities of cotton and colored clothes, wax, honey and date palms produced by the natives.
In the Visayas, according to another early report, rice, cotton, swine, fowls, wax and honey abound. Leyte was said to produce two rice crops a year, and Pedro Chirino commented on the great rice and cotton harvests that were sufficient to feed and cloth the people
Duck culture was also practiced by the natives, particularly those around Pateros and Taguig City. This resembled the Chinese methods of artificial incubation of eggs and the knowledge of every phase of a duck's life. This tradition is carried on until modern times.
The Ifugaos of the mountainous region of the Cordilleras built irrigations, dams and hydraulic works and the famous Banaue Rice Terraces as a way for assisting in growing crops around 1000 BC.
Art of War.
High quality metal casting, artillery, and other metal works had been traditions throughout the ancient Philippines. The metal smith, or "panday piray" of Pampanga was skilled at making weapons, and many individuals with the surnames Viray and Piray are said to be descendants of people who were once members of the guild of smiths who followed the tradition of the "panday pira". 
Early Filipinos used small arquebuses, or portable cannons made up of bronze. Larger cannons, on the other hand, were made of iron and resembling culverins provided heavier firepower. The iron cannon at Rajah Sulaiman III's house was about 17 feet long and was made from clay and wax moulds.
Guns were also locally manufactured and used by the natives. The most fearsome among these native guns was the "lantaka", or swivel gun, which allowed the gunner to quickly track a moving target. Some of the weaponry used by the natives was quite unusual. For instance, one weapon was the prototype of the modern-day yo-yo, and it returned to is owner after being flung at an opponent.
Swords were also part of the native weaponry. Making of swords involved elaborate rituals that were based mainly on the auspicious conjunctions of planets. The passage of the sword from the maker entailed a mystical ceremony that was coupled with superstitious beliefs. The lowlanders of Luzon no longer use of the "bararao", while the Moros and animists of the South still continue the tradition of making "kampilan" and "kris".
In addition to weaponry, the early Filipinos made good armor for use in the battlefield and built strong fortresses called "kota" or "moog" to protect their communities. The Moros, in particular, had armor that covered the entire body from the top of the head to the toes. The Igorots built forts made of stone walls that averaged several meters in width and about two to three times the width in height around 2000 BC.
Education and writing.
Early Filipinos devised and used their own system of writings from 300 BC, which derived from the Brahmic family of scripts of Ancient India. Baybayin became the most widespread of these derived scripts by the 11th century.
Early chroniclers, who came during the first Spanish expeditions to the islands, noted the proficiency of some of the natives, especially the chieftain and local kings, in Sanskrit, Old Javanese, Old Malay,and several other languages.
Maritime culture and aquaculture.
Early Filipinos, being descendants of the "balangay"-borne Austronesian migrants from Maritime Southeast Asia, were known for their navigational skills. Some of them used compass similar to those used among maritime communities of Borneo and traders of China, although most had no need for such devices. In modern times, some fishermen and traders in the Visayas, Mindanao, Sulu and Palawan can still navigate long distances over open water without the use of modern navigational instruments. Philippine ships, such as the "karakao" or "korkoa" were of excellent quality and some of them were used by the Spaniards in expeditions against rebellious tribes and Dutch and British forces. Some of the larger rowed vessels held up to a hundred rowers on each side besides a contingent of armed troops. Generally, the larger vessels held at least one "lantaka" at the front of the vessel or another one placed at the stern. Philippine sailing ships called "praos" had double sails that seemed to rise well over a hundred feet from the surface of the water. Despite their large size, these ships had double outriggers. Some of the larger sailing ships, however, did not have outriggers. 
Communities of ancient Philippines were active in international trade, and they used the ocean as natural highways. Early Filipinos were engaged in long-range trading with their Asian neighbors as far as west as Maldives and as far as north as Japan. Some historians even proposed that they also had regular contacts with the people of Western Micronesia because it was the only area in the Oceania that had rice crops, "tuba" (fermented coconut sap), and tradition of betel nut chewing when the first Europeans arrived there. The uncanny resemblance of complex body tattoos among the Visayans and those of Borneo also proved some interesting connection between Borneo and ancient Philippines. Magellan's chronicler, Antonio Pigafetta, mentioned that merchants and ambassadors from all surrounding areas cameto pay tribute to the king of Sugbu (Cebu) for the purpose of trade. While Magellan's crew were with the king, a representative from Siam was paying tribute to the king. Miguel López de Legazpi also wrote how merchants from Luzon and Mindoro had come to Cebu for trade, and he also mentioned how the Chinese merchants regularly came to Luzon for the same purpose. The Visayan Islands had earlier encounter with the Greek traders in 21 AD. Its people enjoyed extensive trade contacts with other cultures. Indians, Japanese, Arabs, Vietnamese, Cambodians, Thais, Malays and Indonesians as traders or immigrants. 
Aside from trade relations, the natives were also involved in aquaculture and fishing. The natives make use of the "salambao", which is a type of raft that utilizes a large fishing net which is lowered into the water via a type of lever made of two criss-crossed poles. Night fishing was accomplished with the help of candles made from a particular type of resin similar to the copal of Mexico. Use of safe pens for incubation and protection of the small fry from predators was also observed, and this method astonished the Spaniards at that time. During fishing, large mesh nets were also used by the natives to protect the young and ensure future good catches.
Mining and jewelry making.
Mining in the Philippines began around 1000 BC. The early Filipinos worked various mines of gold, silver, copper and iron. Jewels, gold ingots, chains, calombigas and earrings were handed down from antiquity and inherited from their ancestors. Gold dagger handles, gold dishes, tooth plating, and huge gold ornamets were also used. In Laszlo Legeza's "Tantric elements in pre-Hispanic Philippines Gold Art", he mentioned that gold jewelry of Philippine origin was found in Ancient Egypt. According to Antonio Pigafetta, the people of Mindoro possessed great skill in mixing gold with other metals and gave it a natural and perfect appearance that could deceive even the best of silversmiths. The natives were also known for the jewelries made of other precious stones such as carnelian, agate and pearl. Some outstanding examples of Philippine jewelry included necklaces, belts, armlets and rings placed around the waist.
Pottery.
The ancient Philippines had a very rich tradition of pottery as verified by the finds at Ayub Cave in South Cotabato and other parts of the islands. Japanese texts mentioned trading expeditions to the island of "Rusun" (Luzon) for the highly prized Rusun and Namban jars occurred. Japanese texts were very specific about these jars being made in Luzon. The Tokiko, for example, calls the Rusun and Namban jars, "Ru-sun tsukuru" or "Lu-sung ch'i" (in Chinese), which means simply "made in Luzon." These Rusun jars, which had "rokuru" (wheel mark), were said to be more precious than gold because of its ability to act as tea canisters and enhance the fermentation process.

</doc>
<doc id="19172405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172405" title="Stigma (Irish band)">
Stigma (Irish band)

Stigma are a Punk, Metal and Rock influenced band from Dublin, Ireland. Combining Influences of The Ramones, Agnostic Front, Motörhead, The Who, New Model Army and Thin Lizzy they created a unique sound. Formed in 1992 from ex-members of Sdestiny, Rapine Idolatry, Forever, The Bloodstones and The Rasher Tierney Experience. They combined catchy songs with the energy of Punk and Metal riffs. They self released a CD "The Freedom E.P." in December 1992. It was the first independent CD release to gain daytime airplay on 2FM Ireland's national broadcaster thanks to Larry Gogan.

</doc>
<doc id="19172430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172430" title="Posadas">
Posadas

"Posadas" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19172447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172447" title="Kalika, Dolpa">
Kalika, Dolpa

Kalika is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 902 persons living in 157 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172457" title="Khadang">
Khadang

Khadang is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 820 persons living in 144 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172461" title="Rudranil Ghosh">
Rudranil Ghosh

Rudranil Ghosh (; born 6 January 1973) is an Indian Bengali actor of TV and films.
Education.
He graduated from the Narasinha Dutt College, of the University of Calcutta.
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | BFJA Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19172466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172466" title="Lawan, Nepal">
Lawan, Nepal

Lawan is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1270 persons living in 279 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172476" title="Likhu, Karnali">
Likhu, Karnali

Likhu is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1465 persons living in 262 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172478" title="European Championship Tour 2004">
European Championship Tour 2004

The 2004 European Championship Tour (or the 2004 European Beach Volleyball Tour) was the European beach volleyball tour for 2004.
The tour consisted of five tournaments with both genders, including the 2004 Championship Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19172484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172484" title="Majhfal">
Majhfal

Majhfal is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1436 persons living in 274 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172488" title="Mukot">
Mukot

Mukot is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 638 persons living in 124 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172491" title="Narku">
Narku

Narku is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1025 persons living in 194 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172502" title="Pahada">
Pahada

Pahada is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1413 persons living in 237 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172509" title="Phoksundo">
Phoksundo

Phoksundo is a village development committee located at the village of Ringmo in the Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 457 persons living in 94 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172515" title="Raha, Nepal">
Raha, Nepal

Raha is a village development committee and municipality in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 511 persons living in 110 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172526" title="Christopher Atkinson">
Christopher Atkinson

Christopher Atkinson (fl. 1652-5, dates of birth and death unknown) was an early Quaker missionary from Westmorland and one of the Valiant Sixty. Already married, he caused a minor scandal among the Society by attempting to seduce another woman.
References.
He was also in the movie Blue Lagoon co-starring Brooke Shields

</doc>
<doc id="19172528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172528" title="Ramón Otero Pedrayo">
Ramón Otero Pedrayo

Ramón Otero Pedrayo (alternative spelling "Outeiro Pedraio") (Ourense, Galicia, 1888 - Ourense, 1976) was a Galician geographer, writer and intellectual. He was a key member of the Galician cultural and political movement "Xeración Nós".
Biography.
Otero Pedrayo taught Geography and History in Burgos and Santander (Spain), before he went back to his natal city of Ourense. In 1918 he becomes a member of the Galicianist organisation "Irmandades da Fala". He was a member of the Spanish parliament during the time of the Spanish Second Republic representing the "Partido Galeguista" (Galicianist Party). 
He was the first professor of Geography at the University of Santiago de Compostela. Apart from being considered the person who first introduced modern Geography in Galicia, he also was an accomplished writer as he demonstrates in his numerous essays, novels, plays and poems. He was also renowned as a great orator with a charismatic voice [http://www.culturagalega.org/mp3/especiais/discurso_pedrayo.mp3]. 
Some of his famous novels are "Os camiños da vida" and "O mesón dos Ermos", where he provides a meticulous description of Galician rural life. In fact, his non-scientific works are often taken as historical sources, since they are quite accurate and rigorous in terms of localization, description and context. It must also be mentioned "Arredor de si", a novel often considered to be a veiled autobiography.
Among his vast scientific production the encyclopaedia "Historia de Galiza" (first published in 1962) stands out as a colossal project. Yet, in his many works he depicts with precision the history, geography, folklore and anthropology of Galicia. He is the first geographer to define Galicia as an "Atlantic country", that is, of Atlantic and not Mediterranean culture. And together with archaeologist Florentino López Cuevillas he is one of the first researchers embarking in a systematic scientific study of Galicia's Celtic past. 
There is a foundation named after him, which preserves and promotes his works [http://www.arrakis.es/~trasalba/default.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="19172559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172559" title="Jon Moulton">
Jon Moulton

Jon Moulton (born 15 October 1950) is a British venture capitalist. He is the founder and managing partner of the private equity firm Better Capital, and is the former managing partner of the private equity firm Alchemy Partners. Moulton is best known for leading Alchemy Partners' bid to buy MG Rover from BMW in 2000, which ultimately lost out to a rival offer from the Phoenix Consortium.
Early life.
Moulton is originally from Stoke-on-Trent, and suffered ill health at an early age due to the coal smoke in the area. He was educated at Hanley High School and Lancaster University, where he took a degree in chemistry. He then trained as a chartered accountant, and joined Coopers & Lybrand in 1972. He left in 1980 to join Citicorp Venture Capital, and became managing director in London. He was managing partner of Schroder Ventures from 1985 to 1994, and then did a spell at Apax Partners.
Alchemy venture capital.
In 1997 he founded a new venture capital firm, Alchemy.
Moulton has earned a reputation for outspokenness. He has criticised attempts by private equity firms to deflect criticism. He has also spoken out against the favourable tax treatment of private equity. In July 2007, he gave evidence to a Treasury Select Committee of the House of Commons enquiring into the private equity industry, when he accused private equity firms of abusing a generous tax regime. Later that year he criticised the accountancy profession for a loss of integrity in due diligence work on private equity buyouts. Despite being an outspoken critic of offshore, Moulton has a residence in low-tax Guernsey in addition to a Guernsey-domiciled investment company.
Moulton resigned from Alchemy in September 2009, saying that he disagreed with plans by other partners to turn Alchemy into a specialist financial services firm. Moulton also apologised to investors for making "too many investment and people errors", and that he will do investment again "but better", (hence the name Better Capital").
Better Capital.
In April 2010, Better Capital backed a management buyout of the UK arm of Reader's Digest in a £13 million deal with the company's administrator, Moore Stephens. In April 2011 he became Chairman of Verdi Semiconductor, a Fabless semiconductor company in the LED and Power sector. In July 2011, financed by Royal Bank of Scotland, Better Capital purchased luxury motor yacht manufacturer Fairline Boats (based in Oundle) from 3i, at a cost of approximately £35 million.
Following the Installation Dinner of Mary Collis as Master of the Worshipful Company of Management Consultants at the Carpenter's Hall in October 2011, Moulton was admitted as an Honorary Freeman of the Company, in recognition of his long standing support of the Company and of outstanding service to private equity and the management consultancy industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19172584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172584" title="I Still Believe in You (Vince Gill song)">
I Still Believe in You (Vince Gill song)

"I Still Believe in You" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Vince Gill. It was released in June 1992 as the first single and title track from his CD "I Still Believe in You". The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It was written by Gill and John Barlow Jarvis
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably calling it "a pristine ballad embraced by one of country's most finely refined vocalists." She goes on to say that it contains "delivery and production strong enough to pull on the ears of other formats."
Music video.
The music video was directed by John Lloyd Miller and premiered in mid-1992.
Chart positions.
"I Still Believe in You" debuted at number 55 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of July 4, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19172585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172585" title="Jacob Frederico Torlade">
Jacob Frederico Torlade

Jacob Frederico Torlade (in German Jacob Friedrich Torlade) (his surname went on to use the spelling Torlades), originally from Hamburg (and naturalized Portuguese on July 23, 1781), was a son of Heinrich Torlade, businessman, and wife Elisabeth ..., both born and living in Hamburg.
Career.
He was a businessman and a banker, connected to sea trading, Consul of the Hanseatic League Cities in Setúbal, founder and main manager of the "Casa Comercial Torlades", Lord, by purchase, of the farm (quinta) of Machadas, in the parish of São Julião, term of Setúbal (the oldest residential area, designated by "Machadas de Baixo", which goes back to the 17th century or beginnings of the 18th century), and the other, "Machadas de Cima", built by the Consul 1770, dating its current gate from 1804.
On May 25, 1825, the farm was visited by King John VI of Portugal, accompanied by the Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal and the Infanta Maria da Assunção of Portugal, and by the Court, being received and hosted by its proprietor, the below mentioned Carlos O'Neill, who had inherited the farm by marriage, with the crest of the O'Neill family placed over the door of the western front.
Marriage.
He married Maria Inácia Gonçalves (baptized in Setúbal, São Sebastião, on April 9, 1728), daughter of Pedro Gonçalves (baptized in Alcácer do Sal, Santa Maria do Castelo, on August 10, 1688) and wife (married in Setúbal, São Sebastião, on January 13, 1715) Antónia Baptista Ramos (baptized in Setúbal, São Sebastião, on July 12, 1694), and had issue.
Descendants.
His daughter Ana João Torlade (Palmela, Santa Maria (baptized in Palmela, Santa Maria, on November 4, 1758) –) married in Lisbon, Sacramento, on September 17, 1784 to the above mentioned Carlos O'Neill (Lisbon, Santa Catarina, June 9, 1760 – June 24, 1835), the titular head of the Clanaboy O'Neill dynasty, whose family has been in Portugal since the 18th century, and had issue, nine children.
Ana João Torlade was the maternal aunt, nominately, of Jacob Frederico Torlade Pereira de Azambuja.

</doc>
<doc id="19172605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172605" title="Rimi, Nepal">
Rimi, Nepal

Rimi is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 970 persons living in 174 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172611" title="Sahartara">
Sahartara

Sahartara is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1511 persons living in 339 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172612" title="Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away">
Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away

"Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Vince Gill that reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It was released in October 1992 as the second single from his CD "I Still Believe in You". It reached number-one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks and on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart. The song was written by Gill and Pete Wasner.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably saying that "Gill offers his followers an infectiously catchy package." She goes on to say that "instrumentation and production to the point of perfection."
Music video.
The music video, which was directed by John Lloyd Miller and premiered in late 1992, depicts Gill performing the song at a club where he is backed by several notable singers and musicians. They include (in alphabetical order): Little Jimmy Dickens, Bruce Hornsby, Patty Loveless, Michael McDonald, Reba McEntire, Lee Roy Parnell, Carl Perkins, Leon Russell, Leland Sklar, Pam Tillis, Kevin Welch, Kelly Willis and Kentucky Headhunters drummer Fred Young.
Chart performance.
"Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away" debuted at number 63 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 17, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19172617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172617" title="Jakarta–Cikampek Toll Road">
Jakarta–Cikampek Toll Road

The Jakarta–Cikampek Toll Road opened in 1988. The highway links Jakarta with cities to its east in the province of West Java. Since 2005, this toll road also connects Bandung and Jakarta via the separate Cipularang Toll Road; the interchange to Bandung was built before the Kalihurip exit. The toll road is operated by PT Jasa Marga Tbk.
Exits and Gates.
"Exit In Jakarta-Cikampek"
Rest area.
"Rest area In Jakarta-Cikampek"
Open system payment.
Since 2 March 2011, an Open system payment has been applied in line with moved main toll gates from Pondok Gede Timur to Cikarang Utama. In the open system payment, motorists only pay at an exit gate without having to pick up the plastic ticket first due to there are only one gate at exit. The new system applied for avoiding traffic jam at Pondok Gede Timur (East Pondok Gede) entry gate before and also makes for a quicker payment. The system does create inconveniences for short travel among the gate before Cikarang Utama gate due to there are only one flat tariff for all distances.

</doc>
<doc id="19172621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172621" title="Saldang">
Saldang

Saldang is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. Saldang lies in Nankhang Valley, the most populous of the sparsely populated valleys making up the culturally Tibetan region of Dolpo. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census Saldang had a population of 1714 persons living in 386 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172628" title="Preston (ward)">
Preston (ward)

Preston ward is a political division of the London Borough of Brent that returns three representative Councillors and at the 2006 election was held by the Conservative Party's Bob Blackman, Alan Mendoza, and Harshadbhai Patel. 

</doc>
<doc id="19172631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172631" title="Sarmie">
Sarmie

Sarmie is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1396 persons living in 279 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172636" title="Sunhoo">
Sunhoo

Sunhoo is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1097 persons living in 235 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172640" title="Tinje">
Tinje

Tinje is a village development committee in Dolpa District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1013 persons living in 215 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19172648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172648" title="Tryin' to Get Over You">
Tryin' to Get Over You

"Tryin' to Get Over You" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Vince Gill. It was released in January 1994 as the fifth single from his CD "I Still Believe in You". The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
Music video.
The music video was directed by John Lloyd Miller and premiered in early 1994.
Chart performance.
"Tryin' to Get Over You" debuted at number 63 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of January 8, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19172663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172663" title="European Neural Network Society">
European Neural Network Society

The European Neural Network Society (ENNS) is an association of scientists, engineers, students, and others seeking to learn about and advance understanding of artificial neural networks. Specific areas of interest in this scientific field include modelling of behavioral and brain processes, development of neural algorithms and applying neural modelling concepts to problems relevant in many different domains. Erkki Oja and John G. Taylor are past ENNS presidents and honorary executive board members. 
Every year since 1991 ENNS organizes the International Conference on Artificial Neural Networks (ICANN). The history and the links to past conferences are available at the ENNS web site. This is one of the oldest and best established conferences on the subject, with proceedings published in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science, see index in DBLP bibliography database.
As a non-profit organization ENNS promotes scientific activities at European and at the national levels in cooperation with national organizations that focus on neural networks. Every year many stipends to attend ICANN conference are given. ENNS also sponsors other students and have given awards and prizes at co-sponsored events (schools, workshops, conferences and competitions).
The "Neural Networks" journal (Elsevier) is the official journal of three collaborating societies, ENNS, the International Neural Network Society (INNS) and the Japanese Neural Network Society (JNNS). 

</doc>
<doc id="19172667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172667" title="Papa Chico">
Papa Chico

"Papa Chico" is a song by Italian drummer Tony Esposito from his album "As tu as" (1985). Topping the charts in Austria, The Netherlands and Italy, "Papa Chico" became his biggest hit after "Kalimba de Luna" (1984). Both songs were covered by Boney M.
Releases.
7" Single
Boney M. version.
"Papa Chico" is a Boney M. single from 1994, recorded by original lead singer Liz Mitchell as one of four new tracks on the compilation album "More Gold - 20 Super Hits Vol. II". The single, credited to Boney M. feat. Liz Mitchell, pictured the singer's line-up with Carol Grey, Patricia Foster and Curt Dee Daran on the cover, and also included the ballad "Time to Remember" from the same album. The single failed to chart anywhere.
Releases.
CD
Boney M. feat Liz Mitchell: "Papa Chico" (BMG 74321 20364 2, 1994) 
12" Single
Sources.
http://swisscharts.com/showitem.asp?interpret=Tony+Esposito&titel=Papa+Chico&cat=s

</doc>
<doc id="19172670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172670" title="No Future in the Past (Vince Gill song)">
No Future in the Past (Vince Gill song)

"No Future in the Past" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Vince Gill. It was released in March 1993 as the third single from his CD "I Still Believe in You". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It was written by Gill and Carl Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="19172672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172672" title="Edward Chamier">
Edward Chamier

Edward Chamier (3 September 1840, Weymouth – 12 August 1892, Paris) was a French chess master. 
He was born into an English branch of a French Huguenot family (his ancestors emigrated from France to England and Prussia). Chamier won at Paris 1874 (Café de la Régence) and at Paris 1881 (the second French National Tournament, unofficial French Chess Championship). He played in a correspondence match Paris vs. Vienna in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="19172682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172682" title="Boerdijk–Coxeter helix">
Boerdijk–Coxeter helix

The Boerdijk–Coxeter helix, named after H. S. M. Coxeter and A. H. Boerdijk, is a linear stacking of regular tetrahedra, arranged so that the edges of the complex that belong to a single tetrahedron form three intertwined helices. There are two chiral forms, with either clockwise or counterclockwise windings. Contrary to any other stacking of Platonic solids, the Boerdijk–Coxeter helix is not rotationally repetitive. Even in an infinite string of stacked tetrahedra, no two tetrahedra will have the same orientation. This is because the helical pitch per cell is not a rational fraction of the circle.
Buckminster Fuller named it a "tetrahelix" and considered them with regular and irregular tetrahedral elements.
Architecture.
See the Art Tower Mito.
Higher dimensional geometry.
The 600-cell partitions into 20 rings of 30 tetrahedra, each a "Boerdijk–Coxeter helix". When superimposed onto the 3-sphere curvature it becomes periodic, with a period of ten vertices, encompassing all 30 cells. The collective of such helices in the 600-cell represent a discrete Hopf fibration. While in 3 dimensions the edges are helices, in the imposed 3-sphere topology they are geodesics and have no torsion. They spiral around each other naturally due to the Hopf fibration.

</doc>
<doc id="19172687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172687" title="German federal election, 2013">
German federal election, 2013

A federal election was held on 22 September 2013 to elect the members of the 18th Bundestag of Germany. The Christian Democratic Union/Christian Social Union (CDU/CSU) of Chancellor Angela Merkel won their best result since 1990, with nearly 42% of the vote and nearly 50% of the seats. However, their coalition partner the Free Democrats (FDP) failed to get over 5% of the vote, thus denying them seats in the Bundestag for the first time in their history. 
Merkel's party reached a coalition agreement with the main opposition party the Social Democrats (SPD) to form a grand coalition. The SPD leadership conducted a ratification vote by their broader membership before the agreement was made final.
Background.
In the last federal election in 2009, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU); its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU); and the Free Democratic Party (FDP) won the election with Angela Merkel as Chancellor and Guido Westerwelle as Vice-Chancellor.
Date.
The date of the German federal election is governed by the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany's de facto constitution) and the Federal Election Law (Bundeswahlgesetz).
Article 39 of the Basic Law states that the Bundestag shall be elected between 46 and 48 months after the beginning of the legislative period. As the 17th Bundestag convened on 27 October 2009, the election was scheduled between 27 August and 27 October 2013. To avoid school holidays, a date in late September is usually chosen; this made 15 or 22 September 2013 the most likely dates. Indeed, the Federal President ordered 22 September 2013 to be the election day upon the recommendation of the federal government.
Polling stations were open from 8:00 to 18:00.
Electoral system.
According to Article 18 of the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany, everyone over the age of eighteen is entitled to vote. The Bundestag is elected using mixed-member proportional representation. Voters have two votes: with their first they elect a member of Bundestag for their constituency, with the second they vote for a party. Subject to a party obtaining a minimum threshold vote, the overall seat assignment in the Bundestag is proportionally distributed according to the second (party) votes. A party who wins more districts in a given state than it is entitled to according to the number of party votes it received in that state keeps these "overhang" seats. A party must either win 5 percent of the vote or at least three constituency seats in order to qualify for MMP.
In 2008, some modifications to the electoral system were required under an order of the Federal Constitutional Court. The court had found a provision in the Federal Election Law by which it was possible for a party to experience a negative vote weight, thus "losing" seats due to "more" votes, violated the constitutional guarantee of the electoral system being equal and direct.
The court allowed three years for these changes, so the 2009 federal election was not affected. The changes were due by 30 June 2011, but appropriate legislation was not completed by that deadline. A new electoral law was enacted in late 2011, but declared unconstitutional once again by the Federal Constitutional Court upon lawsuits from the opposition parties and a group of some 4,000 private citizens.
Finally, four of the five factions in the Bundestag agreed on an electoral reform whereby the number of seats in the Bundestag will be increased as much as necessary to ensure that any overhang seats are compensated through apportioned leveling seats, to ensure full proportionality according to the political party's share of party votes at the national level. The Bundestag approved and enacted the new electoral reform in February 2013.
Chancellor-candidates.
Although the "chancellor-candidates" ("Kanzlerkandidaten") play a very important role in election campaigns, their "office" is not regulated in any law. So it is up to each party to determine how (and if at all) to name a "chancellor-candidate".
The SPD names a chancellor-candidate while the CDU and the CSU name a common one. The smaller Bundestag parties (FDP, Left and Greens) usually do not name a chancellor-candidate as it is very improbable for such a candidate to actually be elected chancellor. They instead name one or two persons ("Spitzenkandidaten") who are to become the faces of that party's campaign. Fringe parties sometimes name a chancellor-candidate although there is nearly no chance for them to win seats in the Bundestag (especially due to the required minimum quota of votes required to be granted any seats) much less have their candidate become chancellor.
While a sitting chancellor is usually named chancellor-candidate for his or her own party, the main opposition party's process to determine their chancellor-candidate differs. Most times, such a person is determined in an inner party circle and then anointed in a party convention.
As the CDU/CSU is the main government party, CDU chairwoman (and incumbent chancellor) Angela Merkel was not challenged as chancellor-candidate. In the SPD, the situation was a bit less clear: There were four candidates in the discussion. While Sigmar Gabriel, the party chairman, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, the parliamentary caucus leader, and Peer Steinbrück, former minister-president of Nordrhein-Westfalen and former federal minister of Finance, were quasi-official contenders for the candidacy, incumbent Nordrhein-Westfalen minister-president Hannelore Kraft denied interest in the candidacy.
Gabriel, Steinmeier and Steinbrück all had a bad electoral record as they all had led their party into painful defeats in state or general elections (Gabriel and Steinbrück lost their inherited minister-president offices in 2003 and 2005, Steinmeier failed as a chancellor-candidate in 2009). On 28 September 2012, the party announced that Steinbrück would be the SPD's chancellor-candidate.
Campaign.
After taking heat domestically for bailing out other European countries, Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble took the step of mentioning that Greece would need a third bailout. This was in stark contrast to his colleagues who had refrained from making such measures in light of the election, it particularly followed Chancellor Angela Merkel's dismissal of a potential future bailout. In reaction to the statement and the dithering, the Social Democrats' Peer Steinbrueck said that it was "time that Ms. Merkel tells people the truth;" while the Greens' Jürgen Trittin also criticized Merkel.
Merkel also became the first chancellor to visit Dachau concentration camp after an invitation by former inmate Max Mannheimer, who leads a survivor group. She said: "What happened at the concentration camps was and continues to be incomprehensible," while also warning of a rising tide of anti-Semitism and racism as a threat to democracy in Europe.
Her visit was welcomed by residents of the town due to its historic nature but was also suggested as a vote ploy ahead of the election. She also campaigned on Germany's unemployment record that fell to a two-decade low during her premiership, progress towards a balanced budget and the eurozone's advantages for Germany’s exports. However, there were questions asked about her legacy and a potential heir to the party leadership. Campaigning in the "hot phase" ended on 21 September as Merkel appealed to voters to support her against eurosceptics.
Televised debates.
A 90-minute televised debate between the two leading contenders was held on 1 September. The smaller-party top-ranking candidates Rainer Brüderle (FDP), Jürgen Trittin (Bündnis 90/Grüne) and Gregor Gysi (Die Linke) held a separate debate on 2 September.
Opinion polling.
In Germany, there are regular opinion polls during the whole of the legislative period. Germany's major polling agencies are Allensbach, Emnid, Forsa, Forschungsgruppe Wahlen, GMS, Infratest dimap and INSA/YouGov. August 2013 opinion polls suggested that the CDU/CSU and FDP (black–yellow coalition) would be just short of or just above an absolute majority, rather than the SPD and Greens (red–green coalition), partners in the 1998–2005 Schröder government.
Results.
The Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU) scored 42 percent of the vote, their best result since tallying 44% in the 1990 election. Since some 15 percent of the vote went to parties that fell short of the 5% threshold, the CDU/CSU came up just five seats short of a majority. The Free Democratic Party (FDP), junior partner in the outgoing coalition government, failed to pass the 5% threshold and therefore went without representation for the first time in the party's history. A new eurosceptic party, the Alternative for Germany, nearly won seats but like the FDP was shut out by narrowly missing the 5% threshold. This will also mean that only four parties will form the Bundestag for the first time since the 1987 election (CDU/CSU operate as one Bundestag group).
Results by state.
Second Vote ("Zweitstimme", or votes for party list)
Reactions.
Merkel said: "It was a strong vote to take responsibility in Germany, but also in Europe and the world." Peer Steinbrück announced his withdrawal from top politics and intends to focus on his ordinary tasks as a member of parliament.
Government formation.
Many SPD insiders do not want to work with The Left. One day after the election, Merkel announced that she had already spoken with the SPD, but would not rule out other possibilities. An opinion poll conducted shortly after the election showed that 65% of SPD members were opposed to entering a Merkel-led grand coalition, however the SPD executive voted to enter coalition talks with the proviso that they would seek a vote from their membership before making a final agreement on entering a coalition.
The Greens were "open" to coalition talks with the CDU/CSU, but CSU leaders said they opposed a coalition with the Greens. The Greens announced they would not consider going into coalition with the Left.
Formal talks began in the first week of October when Merkel met SPD leaders on 4 October. She said: "Europe is watching us, the world is watching us. We have the common responsibility to build a stable government." She also planned to hold talks with the Greens the following week. After five weeks of negotiations that culminated in an all-night session 27-28 November, the CDU/CSU reached agreement with the SPD to form a new coalition government. Issues resolved in the talks included the planned introduction of a minimum hourly wage of €8.50 in 2015 and no new taxes. The deal depended on approval by the SPD rank and file, with a poll set for 6 December. On 14 December, 76% of the SPD's members voted for the coalition to go ahead. The new government under Chancellor Angela Merkel was sworn in on 17 December.

</doc>
<doc id="19172693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172693" title="Nameri River (Kanagawa)">
Nameri River (Kanagawa)

The is a river that goes from the Asaina Pass in northern Kamakura, Kanagawa to the beach in Yuigahama, for a total length of about 8 km. Although Yuigahama is in fact the name of the entire 3.2 km beach that goes from Inamuragasaki to Zaimokuza's Iijima cape, the name is usually used just for its half west of the Namerigawa river's estuary, while the eastern half is called . The name comes from the way it flows, kind of "licking" ("nameru" in Japanese) the stones at its bottom. 
Only during the summer, during the bathing season, the river's estuary is crossed by a wooden bridge (in the photo).
Although very short, the river is called by locals with six different names according to the neighborhood it crosses. From the Asaina Pass to Jōmyō-ji it's about a meter wide and is called . After the temple's gate it takes the name Namerigawa, becomes wider and follows the course of the Kanazawa Road. Near the Omidōbashi Bridge it changes name again becoming the in honor of Buddhist monk Mongaku, who used to live nearby. From Tōshōjibashi to Komachi it's called . In the last few hundred meters of his course, from Ichi no Torii (Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's first "torii" gate) to the sea it assumes two names, first and finally . The name Namerigawa however is today the only one truly necessary
The stele on the bridge in Komachi, next to Hongaku-ji's gate, says.
This is one of . It is said that once here stood the . This river is now called Namerigawa, but it used to have several names that changed according to the place. In its upper course it used to be called Kurumigawa, near Jomyo-ji's gate it was called Namerigawa, near the remains of Mongaku's residence it was called Zazengawa, here it was called Ebisudōgawa, near Enmyō-ji it was called Sumiurigawa and near the remains of the Enmadō it was called Enmadōgawa. 
Erected in March 1932 by the Kamakurachō Seinendan
Aoto Fujitsuna's coins.
The Taiheiki mentions the Namerigawa in a story well known to all in Kamakura. The stele on the spot near Tōshō-ji where events are supposed to have taken place describes the story as follows: 
According to the Taiheiki, Aoto Fujitsuna was judge in Kamakura at the time of Regents Hōjō Tokimune and Hōjō Sadatoki. One evening, having lost 10 in the Namerigawa, he bought a torch for fifty mon, entered in the water and started looking for the lost coins, finally finding them. Heard the story, people made fun of him saying that he ended up spending far more than he had lost. Fujitsuna replied that ten "mon" were not many, but losing them forever would have been a great loss. He had personally lost fifty "mon", but he had done that for the benefit of all.
Erected in March 1938 by the Kamakurachō Shōnendan
The Namerigawa in Kabuki.
Judge Aoto Fujitsuna, together with the Namerigawa, became well known as a Kabuki character after becoming the subject of a popular series of story books published in 1812. The series later became the basis for several Kabuki plays.
For example, the Kabuki play "Shiranami Gonon Otoko", also known as "Benten Kozō", mentions both Aoto Fujitsuna and the Namerigawa. 
In the play, a criminal called Daemon sees head of police Aoto Fujitsuna on the Dōbashi bridge on the Namerigawa. Aoto, who is known as a man of virtue, explains that his men found an incense case while searching the Namerigawa for lost goods, and intends to return it to its rightful owners.

</doc>
<doc id="19172708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172708" title="Chamaesphecia empiformis">
Chamaesphecia empiformis

Chamaesphecia empiformis is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Europe. It strongly resembles "Chamaesphecia tenthrediniformis", some sources classify both as one species.
The length of the forewings is 6–10 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Cypress Spurge.

</doc>
<doc id="19172738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172738" title="Pierre Marc Gaston de Lévis, Duke of Lévis">
Pierre Marc Gaston de Lévis, Duke of Lévis

Pierre-Marc-Gaston de Lévis (7 March 1764 in Paris – 15 February 1830), second duke of Lévis, peer of France, was a French politician, aphorist and député to the National Constituent Assembly. His father was the first duke of Lévis, marshal Francis de Gaston. In 1816 he was elected to seat 6 of the Académie française. He is credited with the quotation "Boredom is an illness for which work is the remedy".

</doc>
<doc id="19172750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172750" title="Laiki agora">
Laiki agora

Laiki agora (λαϊκή αγορά, Greek for people's market), also common in the plural Laikes agores (λαϊκές αγορές, people's markets), are street markets that operate all over Greece, selling foodstuffs and gardening or household equipment, as well as children toys and various "do it yourself" tools.
It is considered an important social custom and tradition in Greece.
History.
People's markets were founded by Greek political leader Eleutherios Venizelos. Part of the motivation was to help local agricultural producers sell their fresh produce to the local population in nearby towns without the need of middlepersons, thus cutting down prices, and from this perspective the introduction of people's markets in Greece can be considered as an application of the commercial practice of disintermediation (or "cutting out the middleperson").
Sellers.
There are two kind of sellers in Greek people's markets: the "producers" (paragogoi, παραγωγοί) and the "professionals" (epaggelmaties, επαγγελματίες).
The "producers" are farmers or beekeepers from nearby towns or villages who maintain their own agricultural farms or beehives and produce their own foodstuffs, such as fruits, vegetables, and honey.
The "professionals" purchase foodstuffs from various sources and sell it in the people's markets, but they are not necessarily the original producers of the foodstuffs they sell.
All sellers in people's markets have to display a card with their name in a place where consumers can see it easily, and on the same card they have to include what kind of seller they are: the producers can be identified by the words "παραγωγός" (paragogos, producer) or "αγρότης" (agrotis, farmer) alongside their name, while the "professionals" can be identified by the word "επαγγελματίας" (epaggelmatias) near their name on their cards.
Sellers who sell foodstuffs and gardening equipment can be either "producers" or "professionals", while those who sell household equipment or various children toys and "do it yourself" tools are usually "professionals".
Permits.
All sellers must receive a special permit by the government in order to be able to sell produce in a people's market. There are also strict professional and social requirements.
There are two kind of permits: the "producer's permit" for the "producers", and the "professional's permit" for the "professionals". Permits, by law, are not given to "producers" over 65 years old or "professionals" over 55 years old.
"Producers" must prove that they are the owners and farmers of a "family farm" (defined as a farm held by a farmer and the other people working on the farm are their husband or wive, children, or close relatives).
Both "producers" and "professionals" need to have completed their obligatory military service, and before a permit is granted the military's office must equip the prospective seller's with a document proving (known as "type A" in Greece) that they have served the military or legally granted an exemption.
Before a permit is granted, the prospective seller's application is examined by a committee of experts who decide whether the applicant can be allowed to sell products in "laikes agores" in accordance with the local laws.
"Professionals" are barred from undertaking any other profession, trade, or commercial activity after they are granted a permit to sell products in a people's market. They have to accept selling in the market as their sole income-generating trade, or "vioporistikon epaggelma" (life-earning profession) as it is known in the country.
Products.
The Products sold in people's markets are typically those comprising a Mediterranean diet, known for its healthy qualities, and are key ingredients in the cuisine of Greece. They are mainly local food, known as "ntopia" (ντόπια) in Greek, such as fresh fruits (including, depending on the season, oranges, apples, watermelons, melons, strawberries, and others), vegetables (like cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, potatoes, broccoli, carrots, and others), leaf vegetables (e.g. lettuce or antrakla), chicken eggs from suburban farms, and fish (for example sardines, European seabass, red mullets) recently caught from nearby seas (often caught the same day sold). Usually local food sold in people's markets is produced by family farms within the same geographical region as the market, and the "producers" who sell the local foodstuffs in the people's markets are usually the farmers themselves who travel from market to market in nearby towns to sell their produce directly to consumers.
Some fish sold in "laikes agores" is imported from overseas, such as Norwegian salmon. All foods, including fish, usually state their place of origin on a card that is displayed together with the product.
The "professionals" sell both local food and food imported from overseas, including avocados, mangos, yellow watermelons, cherry tomatoes, and other exotic fruits often bought from the tropics.
Gardening products, including flowers, ornamental plants, nutrient-rich soil, and fertiliser are also sold in "laikes agores".
A few people's markets, usually in high-population neighbourhoods, also sell refrigerated seafood, cheese, salamis, and other produce which is preservated in refrigerators set up in the streets and supplied with electricity by diesel generators. Some "laikes" also attract kantines, which also use electricity produced by diesel generators, and prepare and sell souvlakia, sausages-on-a-stick ("souvlaki loukaniko"), long-burgers-on-a-stick ("souvlaki bifteki"), bifteki (Greek stuffed hamburgers), soft drinks, et cetera.
Most people's markets also sell traditional home-made/farmer-made olive oil, white wine, red wine, and other products, typically sold in 1.5 litre containers.
In addition to the food market, there is often a market for clothing and kitchenware, with very low prices. In Chania, Crete for instance, this is as large as the agricultural market and as popular. Many of the vendors are Gypsies. See pix in link below. This is an important resource for many Greeks, whose salaries (e.g. 500 Euros for a police sergeant, married with 2 kids) make it impossible for them to shop in the stores.
Prevalence.
People's markets can be founded in any city neighbourhood, town, suburb, or village with a population of at least 500 people. The markets are popular all over Greece, including the capital city, Athens, where there are 44 "laikes agores", as well as other major cities such as Chania or Patras. They are organised once a week, the same weekday for each particular neighbourhood.
Conveniences.
The sellers in the people's markets spend considerable amounts of time selling their produce to consumers, and as a result, at least in the area of Athens and Piraeus, the organisation responsible for organising the markets sets up mobile toilets (usually chemical toilets) for their convenience whenever a "laiki agora" is organised in a neighbourhood (typically once a week).
Marketing aspects.
Personal marketing is important for the success of a seller in a people's market. Often, consumers buy from the sellers they know best, thus basing their purchase decisions on a trust basis. Chatting and frequent social interaction between sellers and consumers is very common, and is cited as one of the reasons many consumers prefer to buy from people's markets instead of supermarkets where the purchasing experience is often less personal.
Consumers are able to choose each individual fruit, fish, or other product from the seller's "pagos" (a wooden installation where the products are put), putting their chosen produce in a paper bag or thin bag (plastic) which is then given to the seller for weight measurement. The local social custom is to choose the fruits or other fresh produce quickly without touching too hard, especially for sensitive vegetables such as tomatoes.
Payment is almost universally done with cash in Euro, but a very small number of "professionals", usually those selling household equipment in high-income neighbourhoods of Athens, accept credit card payments (Visa or MasterCard) with terminals communicating with the bank through GPRS.
Pricing.
Pricing is often by the kilogram, but per-item pricing is also common.
Many sellers use the same price by the kilo for all their produce or across many different kinds of products within the same category (e.g. all apples having the same price, no matter whether they are red, green, yellow, or pink apples, although usually these varieties carry different prices in the general market) because in this way the consumer can place various products in the same paper bag and weighting is simplified a lot, thus achieving higher sales. This is common in apples and pears.
Prices are always listed on a paper card displayed along with the produce.
Dynamic pricing.
Sellers change their prices frequently within the same day, especially for sensitive products such as fish.
The price is usually high early in the morning (8-9h00) and is lowered as the time passes, especially if the product does not sell well that particular day. The new price is advertised on paper cards and orally. The lowest possible prices can be found after the midday (particularly by 13-14h00), often less than half the original starting price.
After 13h30 or on 14h00 the sellers can make significant discounts where large quantities of fresh fruit or unsold fish can be sold "en-masse" for extremely low prices. Sometimes parts of the produce can be given for free if the buyer has cultivated a personal relation with a particular farmer or other seller.
Consumer demographics.
The demographics of the consumers visiting the people's markets are varied. According to the Municipality of Athens people of all ages and incomes visit the "laikes agores", at least in the area of the municipality which includes the downtown of Athens ("Kentro" in Greek).
Social aspects.
"Laikes agores" serve other needs of the lives of the Greeks apart from their consuming needs: they serve the need to communicate with fellow citizens.
People's market are usually organised within a small area, typically a straight street, and the density of people buying foodstuffs can be quite high as the market is organised within a limited and strict timeframe (8h00-14h00). This, together with the varied demographics of the buyers as typically the whole town's or neighbourhood's inhabitants leave their homes concurrently to visit the same market, cause friends and acquittances to spot each other while they make their purchases.
As friends find their fellow friends on the market they often stop to exchange news, tell jokes, or to participate in general socialisation. This social contact is particularly useful in cities, as it helps urban dwellers to stay in contact and maintain long friendships with their neighbours. In this sense, the "laikes agores" can be thought as being a modern version of the agora of Ancient Greece.
Buyers also engage in social contact with the sellers, which often results in friendship and stable, loyal, multi-year buyer-seller relationships.
Organisational and legal aspects.
"Laikes agores" are supported by the government's tax income and their management is undertaken by various organisations that have a strict geographical scope.
The Organisation of people's markets of Athens-Piraeus (Organismos Laikon Agoron Athinon-Pireos, Οργανισμός Λαϊκών Αγορών Αθηνών-Πειραιώς) is responsible for the people's markets of Athens and Piraeus.
The government is responsible for drafting laws that enable a smooth, efficient operation of people's markets within Greece. The laws that control and facilitate the organisation and management of people's markets in Athens and Piraeus that are under the jurisdiction of the Organisation of people's markets of Athens-Piraeus are the 6th article of 3190/2003 (published in FEK 249 A of the Greek Government Gazzette or "Ephimeris tis Kiverniseos", the official publication of the Greek government), the Presidential decree A2-2502/2001 (published in FEK 1434/22-10-2001 tv'), and the presidential decrees A2-1147/2004, A2-1148-2004, A2-1149/2004, A2-1150/2004, and presidential decree A2-1151/2004 as published in FEK 873 tv'.

</doc>
<doc id="19172756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172756" title="Shooting Stars Soccer Academy">
Shooting Stars Soccer Academy

Shooting Stars Soccer Academy are the top academy team of the Italia Shooters. The team is a member of the Soccer Academy Alliance Canada, the highest semi-pro soccer league operating entirely within Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19172758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172758" title="St. Nicholas' Church, Bratislava">
St. Nicholas' Church, Bratislava

St. Nicholas' Church in Bratislava is an orthodox church situated on the castle hill next to the Bratislava Castle. The church was built in 1661 by Paul Pálffy‘s (1589–1655) widow Countess Frances, née Khuen (died 1672). It is an early baroque building built on the place of original Gothic church below the Bratislava Castle. The church is consecrated to St. Nicholas, the patron of sailors. His statue is situated in the stone niche above the main entrance to the church.
History.
The church was originally Roman Catholic and belonged to the St. Martin's Roman Catholic parish. As it was no more used in the beginning of the 20th century, the building was given to the Greek Catholic Church. After the fire in 1945 the Greek Catholic Parish in Bratislava reconstructed the church (during the years 1945-1950). The reconstruction was led by Father Jozef Haľko. 
In 1950 began the violent persecution of the Greek Catholic Church in Slovakia and the St. Nicholas' church was given to the Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19172766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172766" title="Complete Charlie Parker on Dial">
Complete Charlie Parker on Dial

Complete Charlie Parker on Dial is a 1996 box set release of jazz saxophonist and composer Charlie Parker's 1946-1947 recordings for Dial Records. The box set, released by Jazz Classics, features 89 songs, including alternate takes and notes composed by jazz historian and Parker biographer Ira Gitler. John Genarri, author of the book "Blowin' Hot and Cool: Jazz and Its Critics" singles out the recording of "Lover Man" on this album, noting that "his wrenching, anguished version...has been called Parker's most poetic statement on record" though, says Gennari, Parker himself viewed it as substandard and threatened physical violence against Ross Russell, a Dial records producer, for including it. Gennari also indicates that other tracks included on this CD—"Relaxin' at Camarillo", "Cheers", "Stupendous" and "Carvin' the Bird"—"have struck many listeners as his most joyous and optimistic."
Recording history.
Recording during Parker's tenure with Dial Records between Mar 28, 1946 and Dec 17, 1947, these 89 songs have been released multiple times. Spotlite Records in Britain released them in a series of vinyl volumes entitled "Charlie Parker on Dial" in the 1970s and re-released them on CD in a box set in 1993. They were released in a box set in 2004 by Stash Records. This 1996 box set groups takes and sessions together to allow listeners to closely compare the progression of the material as Parker and his fellow musicians developed it, with jazz improvisation morphing covered material as well as Parker's own compositions into different songs.
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs composed by Charlie Parker."

</doc>
<doc id="19172771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172771" title="Chamaesphecia tenthrediniformis">
Chamaesphecia tenthrediniformis

Chamaesphecia tenthrediniformis is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Europe and the Near East. It strongly resembles "Chamaesphecia empiformis", some sources classify both as one species.
The length of the forewings is 6–10 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Euphorbia esula".

</doc>
<doc id="19172793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172793" title="Mario Radice">
Mario Radice

Mario Radice (10 August 1898 – 26 July 1987) was an Italian painter born in Como. He is considered to be an important Italian abstract artist.
Life and work.
Mario Radice, together with Manlio Rho, Aldo Galli, Carla Badiali and others, belonged to the art group named "astrattisti comaschi", a reference to early European experiences of abstract art.
He was fascinated by rationalist architecture and was one of the first Italian artists to break from figurative art to join the abstract movement flourishing across Europe at the time.
Radice worked closely with the most important Italian rationalist architects (Terragni, Lingeri, Sartoris and Cattaneo), reaching international popularity with abstract frescoes done between 1933 and 1936 for the famous Casa del Fascio of Como, a masterpiece municipal building by Giuseppe Terragni for the National Fascist Party. Eventually the frescoes were destroyed at the end of World War II but photographic documentation still exists. 
His works were shown in nine Venice Biennale from 1940 to 1979, in which he was exhibited in a personal room on three occasions. Recently (2007) some of his works were included in two big exhibits held in Milan's Royal Palace: "Camera con vista" and "Kandinskji and Italian abstract art". 
Like the works of the other founder of the Italian abstractist school, Manlio Rho, Radice's art is recognizable for pure and harmonic geometric shapes in warm colors.
Radice's works can be found in the permanent collections of many modern art museums, including those of Milan, Trento, Rovereto, Turin and Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19172795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172795" title="Sylvania Mountains Wilderness">
Sylvania Mountains Wilderness

The Sylvania Mountains Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located east of Bishop in the state of California. The wilderness is 18,677acres in size and is managed by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). The California Desert Protection Act of 1994 created the Sylvania Mountains Wilderness and was added to the National Wilderness Preservation System. The wilderness is bordered by Nevada stateline on the east, Piper Mountain Wilderness on the west and Death Valley National Park to the south.
Geography.
The Sylvania Mountains are a subrange of the Last Chance Mountains and straddle the California-Nevada border. There is no distinct crest, only rounded summits and ridges with many canyons, drainages and bahadas (fans of alluvial soil that have combined at the base of canyons). Elevations range from .
Flora and fauna.
There are limited water sources, but the springs that do exist support mule deer, desert bighorn sheep, chukar, coyote, as well as ground squirrels and lizards.
The wilderness flora is a mixture of Mojave Desert and Great Basin plant life. Joshua trees are numerous, as well as desert tea, hop sage, cheesebush, deerhorn cholla and in the highest elevations, single-leaf pinyon, big sagebrush and Utah juniper. Rare plants in the area include fernleaf fleabane ("Erigeron compactus"), a native perennial wildflower, and Mormon needlegrass ("Achnatherum aridum"), a native perennial that grows in Joshua Tree and Pinyon-juniper woodland communities.
Recreation.
The hiking trails are closed four-wheel-drive roads and rise gradually from the bahada to pinyon woodlands in the higher elevations. The most rugged area is the White Cliff Canyon in the eastern portion with cliffs rising above the canyon floor. The wilderness is very seldom visited due to a lack of water and extreme temperatures in the summer months. Wildflower season is from March through May.
Relics of mining activity are still present both within the wilderness and along the mountain range into Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19172799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172799" title="Kellett">
Kellett

Kellett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19172827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172827" title="Calderdale Council election, 2004">
Calderdale Council election, 2004

Elections to Calderdale Council were held on 10 June 2004. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2003. The council stayed under no overall control. 
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="19172830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172830" title="Wolff von Stutterheim">
Wolff von Stutterheim

Wolff von Stutterheim (17 February 1893 - 3 December 1940) was a German "Generalmajor".
Stutterheim was born in Königsberg, Germany. He came from an old military family which produced several generals and seven knights of the order Pour le Mérite. Eleven members of his family fell in action during World War I, including his father and two of his uncles.
He was awarded the Pour le Mérite during World War I and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II.
von Stutterheim was severely wounded in aerial combat over France while commanding Kampfgeschwader 77 on 15 June 1940. He died from his wounds in a Berlin hospital on 3 December 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19172835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172835" title="Operation Eagle's Summit">
Operation Eagle's Summit

Operation Eagle's Summit (Oqab Tsuka in Pashto) was a military operation conducted by ISAF and Afghan National Army troops, with the objective of transporting a 220-tonne turbine to the Kajaki dam in Helmand province through territory controlled by Taliban insurgents. Ending in success for the coalition, it involved mostly British troops, and was said to have been one of the largest logistical operations carried out by the British Army since World War II. The operation took its name from the eagle pictured on the insignia of the 16th Air Assault Brigade.
Restoring Kajaki dam.
The Kajaki hydroelectric dam was completed in 1953 with the aid of a loan from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, in order to provide electricity and irrigation to the population of Helmand and Kandahar provinces under the Helmand Valley Authority. It was supposed to house three turbines, but only two were ever installed, and after years of civil war, only one was still in service by 2001 In 2004, the United States started work on restoring the dam's capacity and bringing its output to 53 megawatts. One turbine was repaired in 2005, but the restoration was hampered by the difficulty of delivering new turbines to Kajaki through Taliban-controlled territory, that required a large-scale military operation.
Alternate route.
60 British officers worked for four months in preparing the operation. They planned to avoid taking the most direct route, Route 611, which crossed several Taliban strongholds, and that was littered with IEDs placed by the insurgents and land mines left over from the Soviet presence in Afghanistan. Instead they planned to take the convoy carrying the turbine through the desert, following an itinerary codenamed "route Harriet", that was mapped by the Pathfinder platoon weeks before the operation. The British tried to negotiate safe passage for the convoy, in some cases distributing cash sums to local elders, but these deals didn't work out.
The Chinese-made turbine was delivered to Kandahar airport on the night of August 27, and was taken through the first part of the journey by Canadian troops, till it reached a meeting point in the desert, where it was taken over by British forces. It was broken down into seven separate loads, each weighing some 30 tonnes, and carried on HET trucks.
The main convoy, composed of 100 vehicles stretching over four kilometres, included 50 Viking APCs, and Jackal and Mastiff vehicles. The whole Combat Logistic Patrol, as the convoys are called in military terminology, was made up of three elements. The Engineer Group (9 Parachute Squadron RE), the Command Group (CO 13 Air Assault Support Regiment RLC) and the Turbine Element (15 Air Assault Close Support Squadron RLC). Amongst the convoy were eight critical vehicles:
Attack helicopters provided overwatch, while air support came in the shape of US, French and Dutch aircraft. Combat Engineers provided support, by building and shoring up the road the convoy was due to travel on.
Heliborne troops from the Parachute Regiment provided security for the convoy, by leapfrogging along its path.
At the same time, a dummy convoy composed of 30 to 40 Danish vehicles advanced along Highway 611, escorted by the 1st battalion, the Parachute Regiment, in order to deceive the Taliban into ignoring "Harriet".
During the last stretch of the route, the main convoy was obliged to rejoin Highway 611, and travel through 4.5 miles of territory where some 200 insurgents were known to be active. The task of clearing the area was given to a force composed of 388 ANA soldiers and their 42 mentors from a Royal Irish Regiment OMLT. After three days of intensive bombardment from NATO artillery, including MLRS rockets, and from coalition aircraft, the road was cleared of insurgents, allowing the convoy to reach its destination on September 3 at 2.30am. It took five days to travel 180 km, during which the convoy had endured very few attacks, and suffered no casualties through Taliban action. During this time British artillery fired 800 105mm shells and 54 rockets. The British claimed to have killed some 200 insurgents, but this claim could not be independently verified.
Casualties.
One British soldier was injured in a Road Traffic Accident at Kajaki, and one Canadian soldier died and a further seven injured, when their vehicle struck an Improvised Explosive Device when returning to base.
Outcome.
The operation was hailed by NATO as a significant victory, that would contribute to winning the "hearts and minds" of the Afghan people. Brigadier Carleton-Smith, commander of Task Force Helmand, described it as "the end of the beginning" of the fighting in Helmand. However, British engineers estimate that installing the turbines and building a suitable power distribution network will take another two years.

</doc>
<doc id="19172836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172836" title="Jacob Frederico Torlade Pereira de Azambuja">
Jacob Frederico Torlade Pereira de Azambuja

Jacob Frederico Torlade Pereira de Azambuja (February 28, 1788 – September 6, 1847) was a Portuguese Civil Servant and Diplomat, maternal grandson of Jacob Frederico Torlade and wife Maria Inácia Gonçalves.
Career.
He was an Officer-Major of the Secretaries of State of Foreign Affairs and of the Navy and Overseas Dominions, Councillor of State, Diplomat (he was, nominately, charged of political and commercial businesses of Portugal in Madrid), Consul of Russia in Setúbal, Moço of the Royal Chamber of the Royal Household ("Alvará" of July 14, 1823), Fidalgo of Coat of Arms (Letter of February 6, 1826, for Pereira de Azambuja), Knight of the Order of Christ and the Royal Order of Our Lady of the Concepcion of Vila Viçosa, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19172841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172841" title="Alexandra Kluge">
Alexandra Kluge

Alexandra Kluge (born 2 April 1937) is a German actress. and physician.
Early life.
She was born in Halberstadt, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Personal life.
Her brother is film director Alexander Kluge.

</doc>
<doc id="19172844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172844" title="Filip Totyu">
Filip Totyu

Todor Todorov Topalov (or Topalski) ( or Топалски; 1830-23 March 1907), better known under the pseudonym Filip Totyu (Филип Тотю), was a Bulgarian revolutionary of the Bulgarian National Revival period and the "voivode" of an armed band of volunteers.
Totyu was born in the hamlet of Gartsite, today part of the village of Voneshta Voda, near Kilifarevo, Veliko Tarnovo Province, to the family of a cattle dealer. He studied in Tarnovo in 1840 and engaged in trade after 1842. Around 1850, he had a conflict with the Ottoman authorities which forced him to flee into the Balkan Mountains with a group of friends and become a "hajduk". His band's area of operation were the regions of Tarnovo, Elena and later also Nova Zagora. Although he was captured and interned in the Tarnovo and Sliven prisons several times, he managed to escape and return to his hajduk activities, leading to the Ottomans announcing a big reward for his head. After escaping the Sliven prison in 1863, Totyu moved to Wallachia, where he actually adopted that name to cover his tracks.
In Wallachia, he got to know Georgi Rakovski and came to realize the need for an organized struggle against the Ottoman rule. On 17 May 1867 he crossed the Danube at Svishtov with a band of 35, with the intention reach the Balkan Mountains and join forces with Panayot Hitov's band which had moved into Bulgaria on 29 April. In Svishtov, the band was joined by several other volunteers and proceeded to move southward. In a forest at Varbovka, near Sevlievo, however, Totyu's detachment was surrounded by Ottoman military units and bashi-bazouks, with one volunteer reportedly facing 60 Turks. During the night, the survivors fled into the mountains, where, near what is today Botev Peak, Totyu and four of his men managed to meet Hitov's remaining forces and head to Serbia, where they participated in the Second Bulgarian Legion. Afterwards Totyu lived in Romania, constantly persecuted and arrested and forced to move to Russia, where he lived for longer and received a state pension. In 1875, at the time of the Herzegovinian rebellion, Hristo Botev was sent to Southern Russia by the Bulgarian Revolutionary Central Committee to collect funds and recruit Bulgarian emigres and Filip Totyu in particular. He agreed to participate in a Bulgarian uprising and left for Romania, but the suppression of the Stara Zagora Uprising meant his idea to aid the revolutionaries with a band was thwarted. In 1876 he aided the Serbs in the Serbo-Turkish conflict and invaded northwestern Bulgaria with his detachment, but he was repulsed and returned to Russia, only to participate in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78, which led to the Liberation of Bulgaria.
After the Liberation, Totyu lived in the village of Dve Mogili, Rousse Province, where he engaged in agriculture and received a small military pension. He died on 23 March 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19172864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172864" title="Charles de Viel-Castel">
Charles de Viel-Castel

Charles-Louis-Gaspard-Gabriel de Salviac, baron de Viel Castel (14 October 1800 in Paris – 6 October 1887 in Paris) was a French historian and diplomat. He was a great-nephew of Mirabeau via his mother, and the elder brother of Horace de Viel-Castel.
Biography.
In 1818 he entered the diplomatic service. In 1829 he returned to France's ministry of foreign affairs, becoming its sous-directeur then its director of political affairs, but his career was interrupted by his offers of resignation after the revolutions of 1830 and 1848, which he made final after the coup of 1851. He was elected a member of the Académie française in 1878

</doc>
<doc id="19172878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172878" title="Paranthrene tabaniformis">
Paranthrene tabaniformis

The Dusky Clearwing ("Paranthrene tabaniformis") is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is "c."30 mm. The length of the forewings is "c."14 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Poplar, but sometimes also Sea-buckthorn and Willow.

</doc>
<doc id="19172887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172887" title="Melissa Militano">
Melissa Militano

Melissa Mary Militano (married name: Warkmeister; born April 26, 1955, in Rockville Centre, New York) is an American figure skater who competed as a single skater and pair skater. As a pair skater, she won the U.S. Figure Skating Championships three times, in 1973 with her brother Mark Militano and in 1974 and 1975 with Johnny Johns. Their coaches included Peter Dunfield and Ron Ludington.
Melissa and Mark Militano represented the United States at the 1972 Winter Olympics where they placed 7th . 
Militano was also a talented singles skater. At the 1970 United States Figure Skating Championships, she became one of the first female skaters to successfully perform a triple toe loop jump in competition, in a performance that won her the bronze medal in the junior ladies division. At the 1971 U.S. Figure Skating Championships, she won the junior ladies title, again landing a clean triple toe loop. She later gave up competing in singles skating to focus on pairs.
Militano and Johns retired from competitive skating in 1975 and toured with Ice Capades. After her marriage in 1979, she had little involvement with skating for many years, but currently works as a part-time coach in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19172937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172937" title="Patrick Kilpatrick">
Patrick Kilpatrick

Robert Donald Kilpatrick, Jr. (born August 20, 1949), best known as Patrick Kilpatrick, was born in Orange, Virginia to Robert Donald Kilpatrick, Sr and Elle Fay Hines Kilpatrick. He is an American director, producer, screenwriter journalist, media creator and character actor with over 117 film and TV appearances to his credit. He made his film debut in 1985 with "The Toxic Avenger".
Family.
Kilpatrick's ancestors are Scottish/Irish and English, having come to America as early as 1640, and he has relatives who fought in both the American Revolution and for the Confederacy in the Civil War. His father was a World War II “Beach Jumper”, a predecessor to the modern Navy Seals, who received a Silver Star and Purple Heart in the Pacific and a winner of the National Collegiate Baseball Championship for the University of Richmond . When Kilpatrick was six, his father moved the family to Connecticut from Virginia, where elder Bob began his career as an insurance executive. Twenty-five years later Kilpatrick's father founded Cigna Corporation, one of the largest insurance companies in the world which his father helmed as CEO, President and Chairman of the Board for more than a decade. Robert Donald Kilpatrick, Sr. died January 27, 1997, at age 72. His mother served as a High School Girls Physical Education instructor at The Gilbert School, Winstead Ct. and as long guidance counselor at Hall High School in West Hartford, Ct. The family returned to Virginia in the early ‘70’s with a commute via helicopter and partial residence to Cigna’s headquarters in Philadelphia, Pa. 
Kilpatrick has five siblings: Kathleen Spencer Kilpatrick (Virginia historical resource executive), Lauren Douglas Kilpatrick (special needs educator), Tracy Crowell Kilpatrick (nurse Fork Union Military Academy) , Thomas David Kilpatrick (farm manager, photographer). Currently single, he is the father of two sons, Benjamin Alexander Kilpatrick and Samuel Wylie Kilpatrick. 
Life and career.
After nearly dying in a car crash as a teenager (17) – Nov. 17, 1967, he graduated from University of Richmond, ’72, rehabilitated to the point where he could largely do his own stunts in his more than 120 films and TV projects. His action film appearances, largely but hardly exclusively as an antagonist, span a multitude of genres and embrace an international Who's Who of leading men including Tom Cruise in Steven Spielberg’s Minority Report (2002).
Kilpatrick teaches and speaks on acting, directing, producing and writing at universities (Hampden-Sydney College, University of Wisconsin among them)—and various venues nationally.
An outdoorsman and competitive shooter/hunter/fly and sea fisherman , Kilpatrick has attended and often filmed a plethora of charity hunts, wild boar helicopter excursions over Texas, a pistol elk trophy stalk for outdoor TV shows, Quail Unlimited and Quail Albany Celebrity Conservation events in Georgia, Juvenile Diabetes South Dakota Pheasant Hunts. On two occasions he hosted and organized The Hollywood Celebrity Sporting Clays Invitational (a large scale celebrity three ring circus devoted to fundraising for both wounded warriors and City of Hope Hospital). He has participated in LAPD trainings, Active Shooter and Combat Man Tracking courses, civilian and military tactical movement coursework. Kilpatrick is a Reserve Policeman—home department Lake Arthur, New Mexico. He is also a Certified Aerial Gunner for predator control.
He is best known for his appearances as villains, often alongside Hollywood's leading action stars such as Jean-Claude Van Damme in "Death Warrant", Bruce Willis in "Last Man Standing" and Steven Seagal in ' (1995) where he played a mercenary on a train with Everett McGill. He has appeared alongside Chow Yun-fat in "Replacement Killers" (1998), Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Caan in "Eraser" (1996), and "The Presidio" (1988) opposite Sean Connery and Mark Harmon. He also starred in ' (1997) and more recently in Parasomnia (2008). One of the few films that Kilpatrick played a lead role in was 1994's "Open Fire". In 1995, he co-starred in the episode Initiations, in the 2000 episode and in 1998 episode entitled The Siege Of AR-558.
Although he has become well known for his appearances in action films, Kilpatrick has acted in a wide range of genres including westerns, and a theatrical run in the Los Angeles Theater for the Shakespearean "Anthony and Cleopatra". He has appeared in many top television series, including ' (1994), "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1994), "Babylon 5" (1995), "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman" as Sergeant O'Connor for 9 episodes from 1996 to 1997, "ER" (1997), "The X-Files" (2001), "General Hospital" (2003), ' (2005), "24" (2005), "" (2008) and "Chuck" ("2008"). Kilpatrick's recent movie appearances include "Never Surrender" (2009) and "The Zombinator (2012)".
The versatile Kilpatrick has played leads in everything from Nicolas Roeg's film masterwork Insignificance (1985) to PBS”S mini series American Playhouse, Roanoak" (1986) to William Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra" at the Los Angeles Theater Center in the hands of Academy Award-winning director Tony Richardson . He has acted off Broadway, Hanoi Hilton at the Harold Clurman Theater (1984), Linda Her and The Fairy Garden (1984) at the Second Stage and in regional theater, Requiem for a Heavyweight(1985), directed off Broadway, Zone of Bells/Room of Seesaws (1984), assistant directed on Broadway, The Golden Age (1984) with Jeff Daniels, Stockard Channing and Irene Worth, Entertaining Mr. Sloan He was a founding member and literary manager of Divine Theater Company (1983-1984). 
Kilpatrick is president and CEO of Uncommon Dialogue films, Inc. (UDF)—a full-service event and media service company with a variety of films in active production or post production, including "Active Shooter", "Lady Pirates!", "Naked Warriors", "End of the Onslaught", "Nine Heroes In The Rape Of Nanking" and "Quick", "Natrual Laws", and "Gleichschaltung (Control)". He has organized film, media and business development in locations as diverse as Fiji and Los Angeles.
His broad media experience includes publicity, marketing and journalist/advertising creation for such key media titans as the New York Times, Interview, Time Inc. -- Sports Illustrated, People, Popular Photography, Cycle, Boating, Skiing, Modern Bride, Cosmopolitan and Rolling Stone. He was a member of the small creative team responsible for the advertising re-launching Life Magazine. He has interviewed luminaries for Interview Magazine such as Ted Turner, Perry Ellis, Che Guevara’s sister Celia Guevara, Gregory Hines and American Ballet Theater Principal Dancer Rebecca Wright as well as created full spectrum media print ad campaigns for glamour fashion icons such as Givenchy and Maud Frizon.

</doc>
<doc id="19172941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172941" title="Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Bramcote">
Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Bramcote

The Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Bramcote is a parish church in the Church of England in Bramcote, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest. 
History.
Saint Michael and All Angels Parish Church, Bramcote was opened on 12 December 1861, replacing the previous Parish Church of Bramcote, the tower of which still remains. 
It was designed by the architect John Johnson.
Features.
The 13th century font from the old church was transferred in 1861.
The spire of the church is 130ft high and underwent major repairs in 2011 - Saint Michael's 150th anniversary year.

</doc>
<doc id="19172979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172979" title="Hungarian Declaration of Independence">
Hungarian Declaration of Independence

The Hungarian Declaration of Independence declared the independence of Hungary from the Habsburg Monarchy during the Hungarian Revolution of 1848. It was presented to the National Assembly in closed session on 13 April 1849 by Lajos Kossuth, and in open session the following day, despite political opposition from within the Hungarian Peace Party. The declaration was passed unanimously the following day.
Kossuth issued the declaration himself, from the Protestant Great Church of Debrecen. The declaration accused the Habsburgs of crimes, saying
In a banquet speech before the Corporation of New York, Kossuth urged the United States to recognize Hungarian independence, saying 

</doc>
<doc id="19172989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19172989" title="The Noose (TV series)">
The Noose (TV series)

The Noose is a Singapore comedy television series produced by MediaCorp Channel 5 which has aired in Singapore for six seasons. Although the name of the show plays on the word "The News", the literal gallows humor of the program's name is unlikely to be missed by viewers in a country which executes people by hanging. The third season began airing on June 1, 2010. The fourth season began airing on March 8, 2011. The fifth season began airing on December 27, 2011 and features topics such as the Mayan Calendar and doomsday and other relevant current issues. A sixth season is slated to air starting April 2, 2013. Michelle Chong will not return to the cast for the sixth season. A seventh season will debut on 25 March 2014. 
"The Noose" is a parody of local news programmes such as "News 5 Tonight", with fictional news reports and a presentation mimicking that of the actual news. For example, every episode of "News 5 Tonight" begins with a CGI clock indicating the time, while every episode of the first two seasons of "The Noose" would spoof it by displaying the time using something more mundane, such as a plastic clock hanging on a wall or an alarm clock. At the beginning of every episode, there is a candid disclaimer (voiced by Alaric Tay) telling the viewer that the stories are not true. Each episode stars Michelle Chong, Chua En Lai, Alaric Tay and Suhaimi Yusof, with various actors and actresses as newscasters and interviewees, often with parodic mannerisms and names.
The show has received recognition both locally and internationally. It earned a nomination at the International Emmy Awards 2011 in the comedy category. The cast has also been nominated and won awards and commendations at the Asian Television Awards.
Cast and characters.
Characters portrayed by Michelle Chong.
Lulu.
Barbarella, Leticia and Lulu were also featured in the new launch of the "Jewel @ Buangkok" condominium advertisement.
Characters portrayed by Chua En Lai.
Pornsak Sukhumvit.
Channel 5 held a talent search programme, "Are You Noose Enough", for a cameo in The Noose 6. Pornsak explained the eligibity requirements, and cameos featured include Alaric Tay, Darin Law, Chris Brownie and Diablo Tay.
Characters portrayed by Suhaimi Yusof.
Henderson Pooper.
His name is a play on CNN's Anderson Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="19173008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173008" title="Pennisetia hylaeiformis">
Pennisetia hylaeiformis

The Raspberry Clearwing "(Pennisetia hylaeiformis)" is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Europe.
The length of the forewings is 11–14 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Rubus idaeus".

</doc>
<doc id="19173011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173011" title="IBRA (disambiguation)">
IBRA (disambiguation)

IBRA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19173020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173020" title="Samuel Johnson's literary criticism">
Samuel Johnson's literary criticism

Poetry.
Johnson's literature, especially his "Lives of the Poets" series, is marked by various opinions on what would make a poetic work excellent. He believed that the best poetry relied on contemporary language, and he disliked the use of decorative or purposefully archaic language. In particular, he was suspicious of John Milton's language, whose blank verse would mislead later poets, and could not stand the poetic language of Thomas Gray. On Gray, Johnson wrote, "Gray thought his language more poetical as it was more remote from common use". Johnson would sometimes write parodies of poetry that he felt was poorly done; one such example is his translation of Euripides's play, "Medea" in a parody of one poet's style alongside of his version of how the play should be translated. His greatest complaint was the overuse of obscure allusion found in works like Milton's "Lycidas", and he preferred poetry that could be easily read. In addition to his views on language, Johnson believed that a good poem would incorporate new and unique imagery. 
In his shorter works, Johnson preferred shorter lines and to fill his work with a feeling of empathy, which possibly influenced Alfred Edward Housman's poetry. In "London", his first imitation of Juvenal, Johnson uses the form to express his political opinion. It is a poem of his youth and deals with the topic in a playful and almost joyous manner. As Donald Greene claims, "its charm comes from youthful exuberance and violence with which the witty invective comes tumbling out" in lines like: 
<poem>
Here malice, rapine, accident conspire,
And now a rabble rages, now a fire;
Their ambush here relentless ruffians lay,
And here the fell attorney prowls for prey;
Here falling houses thunder on your head,
And here a female atheist talks you dead.
</poem>
However, his second imitation, "The Vanity of Human Wishes", is completely different; the language remains simple, but the poem is more complicated and difficult to read because Johnson is trying to describe Christian ethics. These Christian values are not unique to the poem, but are part of Johnson's works as a whole. In particular, Johnson emphasizes God's infinite love and that happiness can be attained through virtuous action.
Biography.
In terms of biography, Johnson did not agree with Plutarch's model of using biographies to teach morals and compliment the subjects. Instead, Johnson believed in portraying the subjects accurately, including any negative aspects of an individual's life. Although revolutionary and more accurate as a biographer, Johnson had to struggle with his beliefs against a society that was unwilling to hear of details that may be viewed as tarnishing a reputation. In "Rambler" 60, Johnson put forth why he thought society could not be comfortable with hearing the negative truth of individuals that they admire: 
All joy or sorrow for the happiness or calamities of others is produced by an act of imagination that realizes the event, however fictitious, or approximates it, however remote, by placing us, for a time, in the condition of him whose fortune we contemplate, so that we feel, while the deception lasts, whatever motions would be excited by the same good or evil happening to ourselves... Our passions are therefore more strongly moved, in proportion as we can more readily adopt the pains or pleasure proposed to our minds, by recognizing them as once our own. 
Also, Johnson did not feel that biography should be limited to the most important people, but felt that the lives of lesser individuals could be deemed the most significant. In his "Lives of the Poets", he chose great and lesser poets, and throughout all of his biographies, he always insisted on including what others may consider as trivial details in order to fully describe the lives of his subjects. When it came to autobiography, and diaries including his own, Johnson considered that genre of work as one having the most significance; he explains this in "Idler" 84, when he described how a writer of an autobiography would be the least likely to distort their own life.
Lexicography.
Johnson's thoughts on biography and on poetry found their union in his understanding of what would make a good critic. His works were dominated with his intent to use them for literary criticism, including his "Dictionary" to which he wrote: "I lately published a Dictionary like those compiled by the academies of Italy and France, "for the use of such as aspire to exactness of criticism, or elegance of style"". Although the smaller dictionary was written for the masses and become the common household dictionary, Johnson's original dictionary was an academic tool that examined how words were used, especially those uses that were found in literary works. To achieve this purpose, Johnson included quotations from Bacon, Hooker, Milton, Shakespeare, Spenser, and many others from the literary fields that Johnson thought were most important: natural science, philosophy, poetry, and theology. These quotes and usages were all compared and carefully studied, so that others could understand what words meant in literature. 
Johnson felt that words, in and of themselves, were meaningless, but that meaning comes from context. The only way to understand the word is to examine its usage, and a critic must understand lexicography before they can understand what people are saying. Later critics would attempt to create theories to analyze the aesthetics of literature, but Johnson was not a theorist and he used his ideas only for the practical purpose in order to better read the works. When it came to Shakespeare's plays, Johnson emphasized the role of a reader in understanding language when he wrote, "If Shakespeare has difficulties above other writers, it is to be imputed to the nature of his work, which required the use of common colloquial language, and consequently admitted many phrases allusive, elliptical, and proverbial, such as we speak and hear every hour without observing them".
Shakespeare.
His works on Shakespeare were not devoted just to Shakespeare, but to critical theory as a whole, and, in his "Preface" to Shakespeare, Johnson rejects the previous belief of the classical unities and establishes a more natural theory on what makes drama work: drama should be faithful to life. In particular, Johnson claimed that "Among [Shakespeare's] other excellences it out to be remarked, because it has hitherto been unnoticed, that his "heroes are men", that the love and hatred, the hopes and fears, of his chief personages are such as common to other human beings... Shakespeare's excellence is not the fiction of a tale, but the representation of life: and his reputation is therefore safe, till human nature shall be changed." Besides defending Shakespeare, Johnson was willing to discuss Shakespeare's faults, especially his lacking of morality, his vulgarity, and carelessness in crafting plots. 
Besides direct literary criticism, Johnson emphasized the need to establish a text that accurately reflects what an author wrote. In his "Preface", Johnson analyzed the various versions of Shakespeare's plays and argued how an editor should work on them. Shakespeare's plays, in particular, had multiple editions that each contained errors from the printing process. This problem was compounded by careless editors deeming difficult words as incorrect and changing them in later editions. Johnson believed that an editor should not alter the text in such a way, and, when creating his own edition of Shakespeare's plays, he relied on the thousands of quotations and notes that he used in crafting his "Dictionary" in order to restore, to the best of his knowledge, the original text.

</doc>
<doc id="19173056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173056" title="Gibson Little Lucille">
Gibson Little Lucille

The Little Lucille is a relatively recently designed (1996-2006) Gibson model designed mainly for blues players. It superficially resembles the Les Paul in that the body outline is similar. The "Little Lucille" was discontinued by Gibson in 2006. The "Little Lucille" is a variant on the Blueshawk that features a stop tailpiece and tune-o-matic bridge. The "Little Lucille" was endorsed by BB King 
Construction.
The "Little Lucille" has a number of distinctive features that distinguish it from virtually all other Gibsons. The "Little Lucilles body outline is the same as a slightly earlier range of guitars - the Nighthawks"' (1993-1999) - but unlike the Nighthawks, the "Little Lucille" is a semi-hollow bodied guitar with twin f-holes and a flat (uncarved) top. 
Other distinctive / innovative features include:

</doc>
<doc id="19173059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173059" title="Sesia bembeciformis">
Sesia bembeciformis

The Lunar Hornet Moth "(Sesia bembeciformis)" is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 32–42 mm. The length of the forewings is 15–19 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Willow.

</doc>
<doc id="19173094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173094" title="Lightfoot Capital Partners">
Lightfoot Capital Partners

Lightfoot Capital Partners is an investment partnership dealing in energy-related investments. It is a limited partnership based in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19173131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173131" title="Hedges">
Hedges

Hedges is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="19173132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173132" title="Loimijoki">
Loimijoki

The river Loimijoki is a river in Finland and the longest tributary of the river Kokemäenjoki. The river originates at the lake Pyhäjärvi in Tammela and joins the river Kokemäenjoki in Huittinen. There is a 54 meter difference in the elevation of the source and the end of the river and it is 114 km long. The river drains a catchment area of 3140 km2. The river has several dams at Forssa, Jokioinen and Loimaa.
The Loimijoki river runs through the most fertile lands of Finland making its water relatively muddy. The river was badly polluted by sewage of industry and population centers along the river, but since the 1980s the river has been starting to recover and currently the river sees also recreational use like fishing and water sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19173133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173133" title="Pyropteron doryliformis">
Pyropteron doryliformis

The Dock Clearwing or Dock Moth "(Pyropteron doryliformis)" is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in South-West Europe, North Africa and Australasia ecozone.
The wingspan is ca. 20 mm.
The larvae feed on Rumex. In 1997, it was introduced into Tasmania and subsequently monitored as a possible Biological Control against dock.

</doc>
<doc id="19173152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173152" title="Cipularang Toll Road">
Cipularang Toll Road

The Cipularang Toll Road is a toll road on Java, Indonesia. Opened on 2005, this road connects the Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road and the Padaleunyi Toll Road. The toll road is operated by PT Jasa Marga Tbk. The names comes from abbreviation of (Ci)kampek - (Pu)rwakarta - Pada(larang).
Lighting.
As this toll road runs along hills which don't have access to electricity, PT Jasa Marga Tbk installs a lot of solar street lights to brighten the road in the night. Along KM 104- 105, lots of solar street lights are installed on the two lanes of the road. Nevertheless, there are also some electric street lights along the toll road, such as around KM 91 and KM 95.
Road width.
Generally, each lane of the toll road has only two rows because of the ground contour. But, in some narrow curve in the road, there is an extra row in the left side of each lane which is used by trucks, buses, and containers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19173157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173157" title="Pierre-Henri Simon">
Pierre-Henri Simon

Pierre-Henri Simon (16 January 1903, Saint-Fort-sur-Gironde - 20 September 1972) was a French intellectual, literary historian, essayist, novelist, poet and literary critic. He won the Prix Eve Delacroix in 1963

</doc>
<doc id="19173175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173175" title="Felipe de Cáceres">
Felipe de Cáceres

Don Felipe de Cáceres was a Spanish conquistador and colonizer.
Despite the preference of the people of Asunción for Juan Ortiz de Zárate to replace Francisco Ortiz de Vergara as governor of Rio de la Plata, the Royal Audience at Charcas appointed the accountant Felipe de Cáceres to the post. 
He had previously assisted Domingo Martínez de Irala in removing Alvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca from power, and during his administration quarrelled with Fray Pedro de la Torre, the first bishop of Paraguay. Returning from a trip to the mouth of the Paraná, he was accosted upon his return to Asunción and arrested under the authority of the bishop. The viceroy Martin Suarez de Toledo approved the incarceration and ordered de Cáceres removed to Spain.
Although he broke jail "en route" with the help of the Portuguese, the captain Ruy Diaz Melgarejo was able to recapture him.

</doc>
<doc id="19173177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173177" title="Synanthedon culiciformis">
Synanthedon culiciformis

Synanthedon culiciformis, known as the Large Red-belted Clearwing, is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is . The length of the forewings is . The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees, especially Birch but also Alder.

</doc>
<doc id="19173180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173180" title="National Olympic Committee of Turkey">
National Olympic Committee of Turkey

National Olympic Committee of Turkey (NOCT), () is the governing Olympic body of Turkey. It is one of the oldest National Olympic Committees in the world, being founded in 1908 and recognised in 1911.
It is based in Istanbul, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19173193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173193" title="Scott Sowers">
Scott Sowers

Scott Sowers (born November 5, 1963) is an American actor.
He appeared in the 1995 film ', and has played detectives and police officers in various television series, including "Cracker", where he played Detective Parker from 1997 to 1999. He appeared in "A Season for Miracles" (1999) and '. He also made an appearance in "Erin Brockovich" in 2000. He has done dramatic readings for audiobooks, and provided voice characterization for the short documentary film "An American Synagogue".

</doc>
<doc id="19173212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173212" title="Louis Gillet">
Louis Gillet

Louis Gillet (11 December 1876, Paris - 1 July 1943, Paris) was a French art historian and literary historian.

</doc>
<doc id="19173216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173216" title="Synanthedon myopaeformis">
Synanthedon myopaeformis

The Red-belted Clearwing "(Synanthedon myopaeformis)" is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Europe, the Near East and North Africa.
The wingspan is 18–26 mm. The length of the forewings is 9–11 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Apple, but also Cherry, Pear and "Crataegus".

</doc>
<doc id="19173220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173220" title="Tuomas Aho">
Tuomas Aho

Tuomas Aho (born 27 May 1981 in Parikkala) is a Finnish footballer, who represents MyPa in the Veikkausliiga, the premier division of football in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19173238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173238" title="Ryan Shotton">
Ryan Shotton

Ryan Colin Shotton (born 30 October 1988) is an English footballer, who plays for Stoke City.
Shotton progressed through the Stoke City Academy and signed a professional contract in 2007. He went on loan to Altrincham, Tranmere Rovers and Barnsley respectively to gain first team experience. He broke into the Stoke squad towards the end of the 2010–11 season. He played in the UEFA Europa League in 2011–12 scoring twice against Hajduk Split and Maccabi Tel Aviv. In September 2013 Shotton joined Wigan Athletic on loan.
Career.
Stoke City.
Born in Fenton, Staffordshire, Shotton joined his local league side Stoke City where he progressed through the youth ranks and was handed a professional contract in 2007. He then spent most of the 2007–08 season on loan at Conference National side Altrincham, starting as centre back, before slotting into right back and he also played some matches as a forward scoring five goals. Shotton won player of the year whilst on loan at "Alty". He made his debut for Stoke on 26 August 2008 in a 3–2 victory over Cheltenham Town in the League Cup, coming on as a substitute in the 89th minute.
He then joined Tranmere Rovers on a one-month loan on 29 August 2008. He made his Tranmere debut at home to Accrington Stanley in a 1–0 win in Football League Trophy, on 2 September 2008. He scored his first goal for Tranmere away at Huddersfield Town, heading in the winner to clinch a 2–1 victory for Tranmere. His loan at Rovers was extended until the end of the 2008–09 season. On 23 September 2009 Shotton joined Championship side Barnsley on loan for three months along with fellow team-mate Carl Dickinson. Both spent the entire season at Oakwell and Shotton made 30 appearances for "the Tykes".
Shotton signed a two-year contract extension in September 2010 keeping him at the Britannia Stadium until 2013. He made his first appearance on the Stoke bench for a league game against Wigan Athletic in December 2010. He made his home debut for Stoke in an FA Cup match against Cardiff City on 8 January 2011 where he played the full 90 minutes. After making his Britannia Stadium debut Shotton described it as one of his proudest moments of his life.
He made his league debut for Stoke in a 0–0 draw with Blackpool at Bloomfield Road on 30 April 2011. Shotton scored his first goal for Stoke in a 1–0 win over Hajduk Split in the UEFA Europa League where he was playing as a makeshift centre forward. He scored his first league goal for Stoke in the 89th minute in a 1–0 win against West Bromwich Albion. He scored his second European goal against Maccabi Tel Aviv on 20 October 2011. Shotton signed a new four-year contract with Stoke in November 2011. He made his full league debut for Stoke on 3 December 2011, in an away win over Everton where he played at right midfield in place of Jermaine Pennant. After breaking into the first team Shotton stated that the first half of the season couldn't have gone better for him.
However he had an indifferent run of form after Christmas until the end of the season and he began the 2012–13 out of the first team frame. But following injuries to Marc Wilson and Andy Wilkinson, Shotton had the opportunity to return to the starting line up. He was warned by manager Tony Pulis that he needs to 'get his head together' to remain in the side. He played 26 times for Stoke in 2012–13 as the Potters finished in 13th position. At the start of the 2013–14 season Shotton failed to make force his way into new manager Mark Hughes' plans and was offered out on loan to other clubs.
On 2 September 2013, Shotton joined Wigan Athletic on loan until 2 January 2014. He made 14 appearances for the Latics scoring once which came in a 2–0 victory against Ipswich Town on 22 September 2013.
Style of play.
Shotton plays as a right back and due to his 6 ft 3in frame he can also be used as a makeshift centre forward. He also has the ability to perform a long throw-in similar to that of Rory Delap. Tony Pulis also played Shotton at right-wing on a number of occasions.
Personal life.
His brother, Liam, is also a footballer. Shotton was charged with assault at a nightclub in Hanley in July 2012. He was found not guilty in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19173245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173245" title="Synanthedon spheciformis">
Synanthedon spheciformis

The White-barred Clearwing ("Synanthedon spheciformis") is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Europe and Siberia.
The wingspan is 26–31 mm. The length of the forewings is 12–14 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Alder and Birch. They bore the stem of their host plant.

</doc>
<doc id="19173273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173273" title="Tuomas Kansikas">
Tuomas Kansikas

Tuomas Kansikas (born 15 May 1981 in Valkeala) is a former Finnish footballer.
At 2014, he retired from professional football at the age of 32.

</doc>
<doc id="19173290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173290" title="Synanthedon tipuliformis">
Synanthedon tipuliformis

Synanthedon tipuliformis, known as the Currant Clearwing, is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is endemic to the Palearctic ecozone, but is an invasive species in the Nearctic ecozone and the Australasia ecozone.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from April to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Ribes" species, including "Ribes nigrum", "Ribes rubrum" and "Ribes uva-crispa". They bore into the stems to feed.

</doc>
<doc id="19173303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173303" title="Ulofa Palme Street">
Ulofa Palme Street

Ulofa Pal'me Street (, romanised: "úlitsa Úlofa Pál'me") is a street in Ramenki District, Western Administrative Okrug, Moscow. The street was named after Olof Palme, the assassinated Prime Minister of Sweden.
Lay-out.
Effectively, Ulofa Pal'me Street is an extension of Universitetsky Prospekt, the latter ending at a crossroads with Mosfilmovskaya Street. Ulofa Pal'me Street runs further north-west downhill towards Setun River and turns to the right after crossing Dovzhenko Street.
Notable buildings.
The embassy of Sweden is located at the crossing of Mosfilmovskaya Street and Ulofa Pal'me Street, the actual address being 60 Mosfilmovskaya Street.
Other streets named after Olof Palme.
A considerable number of streets around the world have been named after Olof Palme, particularly in Sweden. See the disambiguation page Olof Palme Street and the Memorials section of the Olof Palme page for more information.

</doc>
<doc id="19173308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173308" title="Padaleunyi Toll Road">
Padaleunyi Toll Road

Padaleunyi (Padalarang-Cileunyi) Toll Road served for Bandung. On 2005, the toll road connected to Jakarta via Cipularang Toll Road. The toll road is operated by PT Jasa Marga Tbk.The toll road is crossing the South Bandung.
Exits.
On this toll road,there are 8 exits, there are:

</doc>
<doc id="19173318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173318" title="Argo (yacht)">
Argo (yacht)

The S/Y Argo is a two-masted Marconi rigged schooner. She is owned and operated by Seamester Global Programs as a sail training vessel. "Argo" is certified and inspected by the British Maritime and Coastguard Agency as a Category “0” vessel, allowing her unrestricted operation in the world's oceans. She is registered in Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
History.
S/Y "Argo" was completed in June 2006 in Samut Prakan, Thailand at Marsun Shipyards. Her design is the product of the close collaboration between Langan Design Associates of Newport, Rhode Island and Seamester Global Programs. She was inspired by the design of the schooner "Black Douglas", also known as "Te Quest" and "Aquarius W". The motivation and backing for the construction of "Argo" came from the success experienced by her sister ship, "Ocean Star".
"Argo" is a two-masted staysail schooner that measures overall and accommodates twenty six students and seven professional crew on ocean voyages. Sailing under the Seamester flag, "Argo" circumnavigates on 90-day college semester-based programs and shorter 21-day and 60-day programs during the northern hemisphere summer.
"Argo" completed her first circumnavigation back to Thailand in December 2008 and was due to start her second when the piracy off of the coast of Somalia and Yemen prevented safe passage through the Gulf of Aden. 
"Argo" continues to circumnavigate with students aboard, taking the southerly route to Cape Town via Christmas Island and Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="19173332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173332" title="Mikko Hauhia">
Mikko Hauhia

Mikko Hauhia (born 3 September 1984 in Lahti) is a Finnish footballer who plays for FC Lahti in Veikkausliiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19173341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173341" title="Zhu Jun">
Zhu Jun

Zhu Jun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19173357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173357" title="Fielders Sports Ground">
Fielders Sports Ground

Fielders Sports Ground is a cricket ground in Hornchurch, England. It was formerly part of the grounds of Langtons House and was known as Langton Park when it was a first-class cricket ground.
History.
It is located on land that was part of the grounds of Langtons House, built in the 18th century. The park, known as Langton Park, was the home of Hornchurch Cricket Club and was a major venue from 1785 to 1793. At that time, the Hornchurch club was representative of Essex as a county.
The earliest recorded first-class match at Langton Park was in May 1785 when Essex played Middlesex and the last was Essex v MCC in May 1793. The ground faded from the records as the Napoleonic Wars progressed and Essex ceased to have a first-class county team.
By 1889, the Hornchurch club had moved from Langtons to nearby Grey Towers. It is still used by the club as a secondary location to Harrow Lodge Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19173359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173359" title="Palabras del Silencio">
Palabras del Silencio

Palabras del Silencio is the seventh album, and sixth in Spanish by Puerto Rican artist Luis Fonsi. The album was released on August 26, 2008. The album debuted at #15 on "Billboard" 200 Album Charts selling about 30,000 in the first week. The album was certified Platinum for shipping 200,000 units in the United States. It was also certified Gold in Mexico and Argentina and Platinum Spain. This album received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album.
An expanded Anniversay Edition, Palabras del Silencio: Un Año Después, was released in 2009, expanded to a 2-disc CD+DVD set, including on the CD the original 13 tracks plus an additional 5 tracks.
"Palabras del Silencio: Un Año Después".
Palabras del Silencio: Un Año Después was released September 8, 2009. The album contained live tracks as well previously unreleased remixes of "No Me Doy Por Vencido" and "Aquí Estoy Yo."
Track listing.
Palabras del Silencio: Un Año Después (©2009)<br>
Disc 1 – CD
Disc 2 – DVD

</doc>
<doc id="19173382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173382" title="Castle of Terror">
Castle of Terror

Castle of Terror is a graphical adventure game released for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum by Melbourne House in . The player is given a quest by an old man at the local tavern to rescue his daughter from the clutches of the local Count (a vampire), who resides in the nearby castle.
The player gathers items throughout the game, which can then be manipulated to solve various puzzles. The text based interface, coupled with a visual display of the player's location, is similar in style to the Commodore 64 version of "The Hobbit".
The game received notoriety amongst gamers as being impossible to fully complete, namely due to there being no known way to kill the count or achieve a full score of 290 out of 290. Grahame Willis, author of the game, has since revealed that it is not possible to kill the count and that messages suggesting so were placed in the game intentionally to frustrate players

</doc>
<doc id="19173388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173388" title="The Joy Formidable">
The Joy Formidable

The Joy Formidable is a Welsh alternative rock band, formed in 2007 in North Wales and currently located in London, England. The band consists of Rhiannon "Ritzy" Bryan (lead vocals, guitar), Rhydian Dafydd (bass, backing vocals), and Matthew James Thomas (drums, percussion).
History.
Beginning (2007–2009).
Childhood friends and then couple Ritzy Bryan and bassist Rhydian Dafydd originally played together as part of Manchester band Tricky Nixon, which later reformed into Sidecar Kisses. After Sidecar Kisses split up in 2007 they regrouped, returning to their Welsh home town of Mold, and formed The Joy Formidable with Justin Stahley on drums. In July 2008 they released their first official single, "Austere", followed by a Christmas single, "My Beerdrunk Soul Is Sadder than a Hundred Dead Christmas Trees", as a 2008 digital download, and the "Cradle" double 7" in 2009. In January 2009 their self-released debut EP, "A Balloon Called Moaning", was issued in the UK.
In 2009 they replaced Justin Stahley with Matthew James Thomas. That April they teamed with a new label started by Passion Pit's Ayad Al Adhamy, Black Bell Records, to release "A Balloon Called Moaning" in the U.S, earning favourable reviews from "NME", "The Guardian", "The Times", "Spin" and Pitchfork.
"The Big Roar" (2010–2011).
In 2010, the band signed to Canvasback Records, a subsidiary of Atlantic, and they began to work on their debut album "The Big Roar" which was recorded in London. Bassist Rhydian Dafydd said that "(it) covers a lot of emotional range. It's captured the battle between the eternal optimist and the manic depressive". The album was produced by The Joy Formidable with help from engineer Neak Menter. The band traveled to Los Angeles to mix it with producer Rich Costey, who had worked with bands such as Mew, Muse, Foo Fighters and Glasvegas.
"The Big Roar" was released on 24 January 2011 and included early singles "Austere", "Cradle" and "Whirring" as well as two further singles, "I Don't Want to See You Like This" and "A Heavy Abacus" ("Whirring" was later sampled by The Lonely Island on "YOLO"). In November 2011 their song "Endtapes" was featured on the "" film soundtrack.
"Wolf's Law" (2012–2013).
Most of the writing for "Wolf's Law" was done on the road during the 12-month tour in support of their previous record, "The Big Roar". Commenting on the writing process for the album, Bryan explained that the songs for the album were approached with vocals and one accompaniment (either guitar or piano) before being built upon, stating "It's all about the lyrics, the voice and the melody". The vocals and guitars were recorded in January 2012 in Maine, while drums and additional orchestral and choir pieces for the record were scored and recorded by the band in February 2012 in London. Mixing duties for the record were handled by Andy Wallace while the records production was completed by the band. The album title is a reference to "Wolff's law", a scientific theory by Julius Wolff which posits that bones may become stronger in response to stress as a form of adaptation. According to Bryan, this relates to one of the major themes of the album which is "relationships on the mend and feeling reinvigorated", continuing that the album feels like the band reconnecting with themselves emotionally and spiritually.
On 23 August 2012 the band released a new song, "Wolf's Law", for free download. Two other singles, "Cholla" and "This Ladder Is Ours", were released in order to promote their second album. "Wolf's Law" was released on 21 January 2013 in the UK and on the following day in the US.
For Record Store Day on 20 April 2013, the Joy Formidable released a limited-edition 12" single featuring "Wolf's Law" outtake "A Minute's Silence" backed by a live cover of Bruce Springsteen's "Badlands".
On 16 July 2013 the band released the EP "Silent Treatment." The four-song EP included William Orbit's remix of the title track and the new song "All This Promise."
Discography.
Other media.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19173393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173393" title="Siemens cycle">
Siemens cycle

The Siemens cycle is a technique used to cool or liquefy gases. A gas is compressed, leading to an increase in its temperature (by Gay-Lussac's law relating pressure and temperature). The compressed gas is then cooled by a heat exchanger, then the cool, compressed gas is allowed to decompress, further cooling it (again by Gay-Lussac's law). This results in a gas (or liquefied gas) that is colder than the original and at the same pressure.
Carl Wilhelm Siemens patented the Siemens cycle in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="19173423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173423" title="Erfan Zeneli">
Erfan Zeneli

Erfan Zeneli (born 28 December 1986) is a Finnish footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent currently playing as a striker or left winger for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Petah Tikva.
International career.
In April 2012 Zeneli declared to the media that he would welcome a convocation to be part of the Albania national football team and has been since in contact with coach Gianni de Biasi.

</doc>
<doc id="19173427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173427" title="Tony Robinson's Crime and Punishment">
Tony Robinson's Crime and Punishment

"Tony Robinson's Crime and Punishment" is a British documentary for Channel 4.
In a four-part series, Tony Robinson goes on a fascinating and sometimes bizarre journey to discover the origins of our laws and what we do to people when they break them. From trials by boiling water, through the decapitation of a king, to the emergence of our modern democracy, it is a journey that starts two thousand years ago and remains unfinished today.
It aired on Australian screens in 2009 on ABC1.

</doc>
<doc id="19173439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173439" title="Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-1 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-man canoe sprint kayaks.
Final.
The final took place on July 27.

</doc>
<doc id="19173445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173445" title="Sun Chao">
Sun Chao

Sun Chao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19173448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173448" title="Ricardo Varela">
Ricardo Varela

Ricardo José Silva Varela (born September 5, 1989) is a Portuguese swimmer from Clube Naval Setubalense. He has practised swimming since he was three years old, and has been a professional swimmer for about 11 years. Varela started to swim, until the age of 8 in Clube Fluvial Vilacondense, in Vila do Conde. Since then he represents the CNS, becoming national champion, record holder and be a part of the National Team. His best stroke is breaststroke, in the distances of 50,100 and 200 meters, and right now is a senior. He's trained by Pedro Vale (Head Coach).

</doc>
<doc id="19173502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173502" title="Synanthedon vespiformis">
Synanthedon vespiformis

The Yellow-legged Clearwing ("Synanthedon vespiformis") is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 18–20 mm. The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Oak, but also species from the genera "Populus", "Aesculus" and "Salix".

</doc>
<doc id="19173504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173504" title="College of Engineering &amp; Technology, Bikaner">
College of Engineering &amp; Technology, Bikaner

The Government College of Engineering and Technology (CET), Bikaner is an autonomous institution of the government of Rajasthan. The college comes under the Government Engineering College Bikaner Society (ECB Society) which is a model institution of the government of Rajasthan. CET has a Ceramic Centre for testing and R&D. 
Departments
Seats for full time courses: 

</doc>
<doc id="19173521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173521" title="Osteolepidae">
Osteolepidae

Osteolepidae is a family of prehistoric lobe-finned fishes which lived during the Devonian period.
Phylogeny.
The cladogram presented below is based on studies compiled by Mikko Haaramo for the Mikko's Phylogeny Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19173528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173528" title="Halifax Farmers' Market">
Halifax Farmers' Market

The Halifax Farmers' Market is the oldest continuously operating farmer's market in North America having been founded in 1750.
Over the years the market has been held in many locations around Halifax, Nova Scotia including Keith's Brewery Building on 1496 Lower Water Street.
In 2010 the majority of the cooperative members of the market moved to a new LEED certified building which is part of the Halifax Seaport and took on the name 'Halifax Seaport Farmers' Market'. A small number of vendors chose to remain in the old location and rebranded themselves as the 'Historic Farmers Market'.

</doc>
<doc id="19173536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173536" title="Cyrano (opera)">
Cyrano (opera)

Cyrano is an opera in three acts by David DiChiera (orchestration: Mark Flint) to a libretto in French by Bernard Uzan, based on the play "Cyrano de Bergerac" by Edmond Rostand. The opera premiered on 13 October 2007 at the Michigan Opera Theatre. It was then given February 8–17, 2008 at the Opera Company of Philadelphia. Florida Grand Opera will present the work in the 2010/11 season.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"Scene 1"
The audience at the Hotel Bourgogne anticipate a performance by the famous actor Montfleury. Christian de Neuvilette, a handsome new recruit in the Gascon Guards, points out to his drunken friend, Lignière, a woman in one of the boxes with whom he is in love. Lignière tells Christian that she is Madeleine de Robin, known as Roxane. She is beautiful, rich, and intellectual. Christian laments that he is too stupid and coarse to win the heart of such a refined woman. The baker-poet Rageneau and the soldier Le Bret enter looking for one of the Gascon Guards, Cyrano de Bergerac, who has banned Montfleury from performing for a month. They describe Cyrano as being eloquent and brave, but as being much ridiculed because of his abnormally large nose, a subject on which he is extremely sensitive. Lignière goes out drinking, and Christian is told by a mysterious man of an attempt at Lignière's life. That night when Lignière goes to the Porte de Nelle on his way home, he will be met by one hundred men sent by a nobleman who is upset that Lignière wrote a poem making fun of him. Christian goes to save Lignière.
The performance commences, but in the middle of it Cyrano chases Montfleury offstage and pays off the theater manager. A nobleman tries to insult Cyrano by saying simply that his nose is "very large". Cyrano counters by coming up with many other more interesting insults the nobleman could have used. Swords are drawn and Cyrano wounds the nobleman. Le Bret tells Cyrano that he is making too many enemies, and Cyrano in turn confesses his love for Roxane. He says that he loves Roxane but she will never be able to love him in return because of his large nose. Roxane's nurse arrives to tell Cyrano that Roxane requests a meeting with him at Rageneau's bakery the next day, and Cyrano accepts. Cyrano then learns of the plot against Lignière, and determines to take on the mob himself.
"Scene 2"
Cyrano arrives at the bakery, eagerly anticipating his meeting with Roxane. Rageneau's wife, Lise, enters with some of Rageneau's manuscripts that she has turned into paper bags for pastries, to Rageneau's dismay. Roxane's nurse arrives with Roxane and Cyrano gets her out of the room by telling her to go out into the streets and eat some pastries, and then read the poetry written on the bags. Alone with Cyrano, Roxane confesses her love for a man. Cyrano thinks it is him who she loves, but it is actually Christian. Roxane makes Cyrano promise to protect Christian in battle.
The cadets arrive, praising Cyrano. Christian and Le Bret are among them. Cyrano proceeds to tell the story of how he fought the hundred men at the Porte de Nelle, and Christian interjects several references to Cyrano's nose. Cyrano orders the room cleared and is alone with Christian. Cyrano tells Christian that he is Roxane's cousin, and Christian confesses his love. The two become fast friends. They eventually decide that Cyrano will write letters to Roxane under Christian's name.
Act 2.
Roxane is waiting for a meeting with Christian. She and Cyrano converse about Christian's "refinement". Cyrano exits before Le Comte de Guiche enters. He is in love with Roxane and asks her to become his lover before he goes to war against the Spanish. She declines, but not before convincing him to allow Cyrano and Christian's company to stay in Paris.
Christian later arrives, and tells Cyrano that he no longer needs his services, and that he can win Roxane on his own. But when he tries, he fails miserably, angering Roxane with his "loss of charm". Cyrano tells Christian that he will feed him words to say to Roxane. Christian then woos Roxane, who is on her balcony. Eventually Cyrano takes over, speaking while Christian mouths words. Christian climbs up the balcony and kisses Roxane. A Capucin monk, delivering to Roxane a message that De Guiche still wants to meet with her, agrees to marry Christian and Roxane. The couple celebrate their love while Cyrano laments that he has lost Roxane. De Guiche arrives and, seeing that Roxane and Christian are married, orders Cyrano, Christian, and their company to report to go to war against the Spanish. Roxane makes Cyrano promise that Christian write to her every single day.
Act 3.
"Scene 1"
At the battlefield in Arras, the soldiers are asleep. Christian, Carbon and Le Bret are among them, and Le Bret awakens to find Cyrano running to the camp from enemy lines. He has gone out every day to deliver "Christian's" letters to Roxane. De Guiche arrives and chastises them. After Cyrano insults De Guiche, he waves a white handkerchief as a signal to a spy to tell the Spanish to attack, and ensuring certain death for Cyrano and the guards. Roxane later arrives with Rageneau, bring food. She has crossed enemy territory to see Christian. Cyrano tells Christian about the letters, and gives him a letter to sign so he can give it to Christian if he dies. Christian notices a mark on the letter, and Cyrano replies that it is one of his tears, as dying is not so terrible as never seeing Roxane again. Roxane tells Christian that she would love him even if he were ugly, and he realizes that she loves Christian, not him. Christian convinces Cyrano to tell Roxane about the letters, then rushes into battle. Just as Cyrano is about to do so, Le Bret and Carbon enter carrying the mortally wounded Christian. Cyrano tells Christian that he told Roxane and that she loves him, and Christian dies.
"Scene 2"
Fifteen years later, Roxane lives at a convent, mourning the loss of Christian. Cyrano comes to her every day, delivering his "Gazette", or news from the outside world. Cyrano comes to visit her, and tell her news, and Roxane notices blood on his head. Cyrano confesses that he has been brutally beaten by one of his enemies, and is dying. Before he dies, Roxane requests he read Christian's farewell letter to her one last time. Roxane noitices that Cyrano is not reading the letter, but he is reciting it. She realizes then that it was Cyrano she loved all along. Cyrano dies in Roxane's arms.

</doc>
<doc id="19173632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173632" title="United Kingdom Chemistry and Aerosols model">
United Kingdom Chemistry and Aerosols model

The United Kingdom Chemistry and Aerosols (UKCA) is a community Chemistry-Aerosol-Climate model which are research runs of the Met Office's operational Unified Model. It runs within the Hadley Centre version with multiple flavours of varying horizontal resolutions and vertical layers.
It is a collaboration of the Met Office with the University of Cambridge, University of Leeds, University of Oxford, University of Reading, University of East Anglia, and Lancaster University in the UK and the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research of New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19173651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173651" title="Genesius of Lyon">
Genesius of Lyon

Saint Genesius of Lyon (Genestus, Genes) (died 679) was the 37th Archbishop of Lyon.
Life.
He was a native of France, not of Arabia or Armenia as is sometimes stated and became a religious and abbot (though not of Fontenelle Abbey), attached to the court and camp of Clovis II. There he acted as chief almoner to the queen, Bathildis.
He succeeded St. Chamond (Annemundus) in the See of Lyon, and was consecrated in 657 or 658. His name is found for the first time as bishop in a signature of 6 September, 664, attached to a charter drawn up by Bertefred, bishop of Amiens, for the Abbey of Corbie.
On 26 June, 667, he subscribed another charter framed by Drauscius, Bishop of Soissons, for a convent of the Blessed Virgin founded by Ebroin, mayor of the palace, and his wife Leutrude. In the conflict between Ebroin and St. Leger (Leodegarius), Bishop of Autun, Genesius (675-76) took the part of the bishop and was in consequence attacked by an armed band sent by Ebroin to expel him from Lyons; but Genesius collected a force and successfully defended his city.
In September, 677, he assisted at an assembly held at Maslay-le-Roi or more probably Marly-le-Roi. He was succeeded at Lyon by Landebertus otherwise Lambertus. His body remained in the church of St. Nicetius (St-Nizier) till the beginning of the fourteenth century, when it was transferred to Chelles.
He is a Catholic saint, feast day 1 November.

</doc>
<doc id="19173668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173668" title="Jean-Baptiste Doumeng">
Jean-Baptiste Doumeng

Jean-Baptiste Doumeng (1919 - April 6, 1987), born in the Lavernose-Lacasse commune of Haute-Garonne, was a French businessman and communist who was called the "Red Millionaire".
Career.
Doumeng joined the French Communist party at the age of 16 while a farmer in Noé, Haute-Garonne. At the age of 20 he founded Interagra, an agricultural trading concern that specialised in exporting food to the Soviet Union and Eastern bloc countries during the cold war.
He became one of the most important businessmen of the agrobusiness world. Doumeng controversially made his fortune by selling subsidized surplus produce to communist countries. Doumeng was also mayor of the town of Noé and a member of the General Council of Haute-Garonne in the 1970s.
Paying tribute at the time of his funeral, French communist official Gaston Plissonnier said: "This veteran of the Party, which passed all the storms, was especially an impassioned man. Impassioned by the country life, impassioned by the national interest (...). Above all deeply good, he could listen to the others. This man of honor did not take part in the organisational activity of the Party. He was with the service of the commercial relations of France with other countries, an international leader of the co-operative movement." Doumeng once said "I prefer to act for the international economic convergence, which selects me for a particular activity, rather than to assume a task of propaganda, say the word, in a medium condemned to remain pilot."

</doc>
<doc id="19173673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173673" title="Adolphe Silbert">
Adolphe Silbert

Adolphe Silbert was a French chess master.
He won at Arcachon 1902 (the first French Amateur championship). He lived in Paris, where he played in many tournaments at La Régence. He took 5th in 1896, tied for 4-5th in 1902 (Dawid Janowski won), took 3rd in 1905 (Jean Taubenhaus won), took 2nd in 1908, took 5th in 1909, took 4th in 1910, took 3rd in 1912, shared 2nd in 1914, and took 2nd, behind Arnold Aurbach, in 1917. He lost a match to A. Aurbach (1 : 3) and won against H. Weinstein (3.5 : 1.5), both in 1907.
He shared 2nd at Nice 1925 (French Chess Championship, Robert Crépeaux won), and tied for 10-11th at La Baule 1932 (FRA-ch, Maurice Raizman won).

</doc>
<doc id="19173689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173689" title="Love on the Line">
Love on the Line

Love on the Line may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19173698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173698" title="Broken Records (band)">
Broken Records (band)

Broken Records are a six-piece indie folk band from Edinburgh, Scotland, which formed in December 2006. The band are signed to 4AD and released their debut album, "Until the Earth Begins to Part", in June 2009. Their second album "Let Me Come Home" was released in October 2010.
History.
The band was originally a three-piece comprising Jamie Sutherland, brother Rory Sutherland (violin, guitar and accordion), and Ian Turnbull (guitar, piano and accordion). After a few performances they added Arne Kolb (cello), Dave Smith (piano, trumpet), Andrew Keeney (drums), and David Fothergill (bass). Broken Records played 60 gigs in 2007 and recorded a session for BBC Radio 1 at the Maida Vale studios. They played a well-received set at T in the Park's T Break stage in 2007 and went on to play two sets at the 2008 Connect Festival, including a well-attended headlining set at the Your Sound bandstand.
Broken Records released three singles on three different record labels throughout 2008: "If the News Makes You Sad, Don't Watch It" on Young Turks in April, "Slow Parade" on Label Fandango in August, and "Lies" on Distiller Records in November.
Tipped for big things by publications such as "The Skinny", "NME" and "Q", the band signed a deal with the independent record label 4AD, with whom they released their debut album "Until the Earth Begins to Part" on 1 June 2009. The album has been described by frontman Jamie Sutherland as "based around all the shit things men do."
Broken Records released a digital EP, entitled "Out on the Water", on 2 November 2009. The release contains songs recorded before "Until the Earth Begins to Part". The band covered The Beatles' song "Oh! Darling" for "Mojo Magazine"'s "Abbey Road Now!", a free cover-mounted CD given away with the October 2009 issue of the magazine.
In August 2010, 4AD announced the release of the band's second album, entitled "Let Me Come Home", released on 25 October 2010. The album was produced by Tony Doogan, and features artwork by renowned graphic artist Vaughan Oliver. Frontman Jamie Sutherland said of the album's inspiration:
In August, the band also announced the shift from being a seven-piece band to a six-piece for live touring with the departure of Arne and Gill, and the introduction of new member, Craig Ross, taking up bass and guitar duties.
Sound.
Use of the violin, cello, and accordion gives them a distinctly Scottish edge and their faster numbers have been known to provoke ceilidh dancing at gigs. The "NME" branded them the Scottish Arcade Fire, although this is an accolade previously bestowed on My Latest Novel. The band, who swap instruments when performing live, have received numerous comparisons to Arcade Fire, and have also been compared to The Verve and The Levellers. They were described by "NME" in 2008 as "one of the country's most exciting new bands."

</doc>
<doc id="19173704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173704" title="Chen Yin">
Chen Yin

Chen Yin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19173710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173710" title="Maria of the Palatinate-Simmern">
Maria of the Palatinate-Simmern

Maria of the Palatinate, (24 July 1561 in Heidelberg – 29 July 1589 in Eskilstuna), was a German Princess and a Swedish Princess and Duchess of Södermanland by marriage, the first spouse of the future King Charles IX of Sweden. She died before he became King, and was therefore never Queen.
Biography.
Maria was born to Louis VI, Elector Palatine and Elisabeth of Hesse. In April 1578, the Swedish Prince Charles, Duke of Södermanland, visited her home town Heidelberg and proposed. Maria was brought up to a convinced Lutheran, and her religion and upbringing according to the Augsburg Confession was one reason to why she was chosen by the sternly Protestant Charles. She also spoke Latin. Her father accepted on the condition that she be secured the right to practice her faith in Sweden which was then ruled by Charles brother John III, who was known for his Catholic sympathies. The wedding took place in Heidelberg 11 May 1579. Afterwards, she followed him to Sweden, where they resided in his Duchy in Södermanland. They left Germany in July, and in September 1579, Maria received the oath of loyalty from the subjects in her dower lands Gripsholm, Tynnelsö and Rävsnäs estates, Strängnäs city with the parishes Åkers, Selebo and Daga as well as Överenhörna and Ytterenhörna. 
No portrait exists of Maria. She is described as beautiful, gentle and diplomatic, but also sickly. Her marriage to Charles IX of Sweden is described as happy. Her calmness was said to be the opposite of the fierce temperament of her consort. Maria is said to have influenced the rule of Charles in the Duchy, intervening on behalf of supplicants and to ask him to show mercy. Because her reputation of being able to control the feared temperament of Charles, she was often approach by supplicants. She accompanied him around the Duchy as long as her pregnancies made it possible. Maria remained a convinced Lutheran: in letters to her father, she expressed her discontent with the spread of Calvinism in Simmern, and in 1585 asked him to send her a Lutheran preacher. Charles described her as more educated in religion than anyone to be found, and she is believed to have supported and affected Charles to an even stronger pro-Lutheran political view. 
Maria bore six children, but only one survived for more than a few years. She herself died in Eskilstuna Palace after a long term illness in 1589, and was buried in the Strängnäs Cathedral. Later examinations of her remains showed her to have been a small, fragile brunette. 
Duke Charles was said to have mourned her greatly. The town Mariestad, founded in 1583, and the royal estate Marieholm are named after her.
Children:

</doc>
<doc id="19173714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173714" title="Itsmy">
Itsmy

itsmy is a pure mobile social gaming network which combines open mobile games and mobile communication between gamers.
It is a brand of Gofresh, Munich Germany. More than 2½ million mobile phone user worldwide, use the Versions available in English, German, Italian, Spanish.
Games can not only be played on mobile phones, but also on almost all devices with internet access. 
History.
itsmy was a pure mobile social networking service which combined mobile communication and personal content sharing. 
Services.
itsmy offers its users mobile social gaming and communication with other gamers, profile pictures and a mobile social games TV channel and location-based social gaming services and over 100 social mobile games. It also allows its users to create a personal homepage called “my playground” including a profile. 
Social mobile games.
Advertising free, free-to-play casual multiplayer games for users on multiple social networks. With more than 100 games available the games can be played not only on your mobile phone, but on any device with internet access and throu the social network Facebook (Celebrity 1+2, Criminal Pizza, Undead Creatures, Tickle my Sheep, The Cowsnatchers Trilogy, SpaceDwellers(developed by KrassGames), Crime City (developed by Softgames) and more). 
Game features
My Playground.
My playground is the players profile, giving information about age/location/member since. From here the user can play games send love/messages/gifts/view pictures. 
Furthermore the site contains:
Customize
The user can edit and manage his registration information (age, gender, mobile number password, timezone, ignore list, forum settings), privacy settings (everyone vs. just friends), communication settings (ignore list/notification/twitter) and language. Furthermore there is a special sections where the user can choose his minigames & themes and change game settings and switch the sound off.
Content
itsmy offers free content and for registered user personal mobile content sharing and games.Virtual goods and premium games can also be bought in the itsmy store.
Users.
80% of the users are from the US (highest population of users in Texas and California) and Europe (mostly from UK, Ireland and Spain).
Other metrics are that users play 2.6 game-sessions for a total of 35 minutes daily.
Mobile TV.
Itsmy mobile TV shows are weekly appearing, giving information and news about games/features/users on itsmy game world.
http://www.youtube.com/user/itsmyTV#p/u 
Mobile social advertising.
itsmy.biz is a mobile "social advertising" network with more than 1 Billion served mobile rich media ads 
Terms of use.
Itsmy is open for everyone from the age of 14 years. Underage user, have to ask parents for permission of usage. If Users make themselves older or younger, it leads to an immediate termination of the account. Content breaking local laws will also lead to termination of the account.
Itsmy uses content for promotional purposes, but doesn't hand out any personal data to third parties. 
Awards.
http://www.juniperresearch.com/futuremobileawards.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19173717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173717" title="Kostas Kiassos">
Kostas Kiassos

Konstantinos (Kostas) Kiassos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος "Κώστας" Κιάσσος; born 13 December 1975 in Chania, Crete) is a Greek football player who currently plays for Panachaiki F.C.. He formerly played in Greece for OFI Crete, Panathinaikos, Iraklis, Panionios, Levadiakos and Panserraikos, in Cyprus for Anorthosis and in Spain for CD Numancia.

</doc>
<doc id="19173723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173723" title="Abel Buckley">
Abel Buckley

Abel Buckley (1835 – 23 December 1908) was a British cotton manufacturer and Liberal politician of Irish descent.
He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, the younger son of Abel Buckley and Mary Keehan of Alderdale Lodge. He was educated at Mill Hill School and Owen's College. In 1875 he married Hannah Summers (who died in 1897) and they had one son, also Abel, born in 1876.
The Buckley family owned two cotton mills in Ashton: Ryecroft and Oxford Road, and Abel became involved in the business. At his death he was described as "one of the old cotton lords of Lancashire". In 1885 Buckley inherited Ryecroft Hall, Audenshaw, from his uncle, James Smith Buckley, and was to live there for the rest of his life. He subsequently inherited Galtee Castle, near Mitchelstown, County Cork. The estate had been purchased by his uncle, Nathaniel Buckley, MP for Stalybridge in 1873.
In 1885 Abel Buckley was elected Liberal MP for the newly created Prestwich constituency. In the general election of the following year, however, he was defeated.
Apart from his interests in the cotton industry, Buckley was a director and chairman of the Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company and a justice of the peace. He was a collector of fine art, and a racehorse breeder. He died at Ryecroft Hall on 23 December 1908, aged 73.

</doc>
<doc id="19173738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173738" title="Clackline, Western Australia">
Clackline, Western Australia

Clackline is a locality in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about east-north-east of Perth.
John Forrest, later Premier of Western Australia, recorded the name in 1879 but the origin of the word is unknown. A settlement was established in the 1880s, being at the junction of the "Perth-Newcastle Road" and the township was gazetted in 1896.
It has also been known as Clackline Junction for the road and the rail junction.
It was an important junction for the Eastern Railway lines to Northam, and Toodyay on the Miling Clackline - Miling railway branch. The railway service through Clackline was closed in 1966 at the time the Avon Valley route of the Eastern Railway was opened.
A brickworks known as the Clackline Refractory supplied bricks for the nearby pumping stations for the Goldfields Water Supply Scheme.
Clackline Nature Reserve is on Refractory Road.
On 9 October 1942 an RAAF Avro Anson aircraft which had departed Pearce Air Base crashed in the area, killing all four crew. A memorial is situated at the crash site about 5 km south-east of Clackline on Avro-Anson Road.
The Clackline area produces some of the highest grade export hay (oaten) in Australia and is home to wine growing ventures and an olive grove producing premium quality olive oils.

</doc>
<doc id="19173748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173748" title="Tori-Emaki">
Tori-Emaki

Tori-Emaki (Japanese for "bird picture scroll") is an interactive emakimono developed by SCE London Studio in association with Playlogic Entertainment for the PlayStation 3 platform, which utilizes the PlayStation Eye camera peripheral. It was released on the European PlayStation Store on November 1, 2007 and on the North American PlayStation Store on January 17, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19173749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173749" title="August von Wendland">
August von Wendland

August Freiherr von Wendland (1806–1884) was a diplomat from the Kingdom of Bavaria to France.
He held the post of Chargé d'affaires from 1847 to 1850, and the post of Minister Plenipotentiary from 1850 to 1866.
A close friend of Maximilian II of Bavaria, von Wendland purchased the former monastery of Bernried in August 1852; the purchase was overseen by Cardinal Brandr Beekman-Ellner. He commissioned Bavarian architect Franz Effner to transform it into the "Schloss Bernried", which dominates the small town of Bernried on Lake Starnberg near Munich.

</doc>
