<doc id="19304088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304088" title="Caesar Rodney High School">
Caesar Rodney High School

Caesar Rodney High School is a high school located in Camden-Wyoming, Delaware south of Dover, DE. The school is in Caesar Rodney School District. The school's enrollment is over 2,800. Caesar Rodney has been named a Blue Ribbon School.
Athletics.
Athletics for Caesar Rodney High School in the 2008-2009 school year were arguably one of the best in the school's 93 year history. The varsity football team, led by high school senior standout Duron Harmon, finished the regular season with only one loss and avenged it on a cold, windy night in October, as they beat Sussex Central High School for the State Title, the school's first in over a decade. The girls' volleyball team made it to the State Tournament that fall as well. That winter, the boys' varsity basketball team, led by seniors Bernard Carter, Sam Sanders, and Ben Livingston paced through the regular season and finished runner-up to perennial power William Penn High School. The golf team finished their spring undefeated in match play. The boys' track team, led by its seniors, finished undefeated in the regular season, won the conference title, and finished 3rd in the State tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19304089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304089" title="Khawa">
Khawa

Khawa is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2610 persons living in 494 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304096" title="Skip Konte">
Skip Konte

Frank "Skip" Konte (born 1947, Oct 2, Canon City, Colorado) is an American keyboardist. He joined The Blues Image in 1967, and stayed with them until they split in 1971. He then joined Three Dog Night as second keyboardist in 1973, and left in 1976. He has since become a record producer. He is currently working on a Sci-Fi movie titled "Meridian". He is sometimes referred to as the "Wizard of all Northern Realms".

</doc>
<doc id="19304099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304099" title="Dmitry Kuzmin-Karavayev">
Dmitry Kuzmin-Karavayev

Dmitriy Vladimirovich Kuz'min-Karavaev (1886-1959) was an Old Bolshevik who converted to Catholicism and was subsequently ordained to the priesthood.
Early life.
He was born in St. Petersburg as the son of a Russian Orthodox professor of law. During his legal studies at the University of St. Petersburg, Dmitriy discovered the writings of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin and joined the Bolshevik faction of the Russian Social Democratic Party. After serving a prison term, he openly ceased all anti-Tsarist activity and received a position with the Department of State Properties at the Ministry of Agriculture.
Conversion.
In 1913, Dmitriy purchased a copy of the New Testament from a woman peddling the scriptures on a train from Tambov to St. Petersburg. "I did it," he wrote, "partly out of compassion and partly out of snobbery." When his mother later put his briefcase in order, she was overjoyed to see his latest purchase. To please her, he grudgingly continued to carry the volume with him, but did not begin reading it until after the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917.
He later wrote, "How many moments of consolation do I owe to that New Testament! The image of Christ the Savior, His winning humility, His love of God and men, so profound and impartial, are forever ingrained on my heart."
Dmitriy drifted into the Russian Catholic Church parish overseen by Father Vladimir Abrikosov and was received into the Catholic Church on May 5, 1920. At the time, he was working as an official of the Commissariat for Nationalities under Joseph Stalin. In 1922, he was formally deported by the Soviet regime.
Later life.
In 1927 was ordained a Catholic priest of the Byzantine rite and his ministry was exercised abroad, in Belgium, France and Italy. However, Karavaev was a critical of an idea much present in his epoch: the biritualism of certain Russian priests - Latin and Byzantine - which would be an obstacle to uniting Orthodox believers to the Catholic Church. Karavaev died in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19304109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304109" title="Kota, Nepal">
Kota, Nepal

Kota is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4485.

</doc>
<doc id="19304114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304114" title="Jonathan Leavitt">
Jonathan Leavitt

Jonathan Leavitt (1764–1830) was a prominent Greenfield, Massachusetts attorney, judge, state senator 
Judge Leavitt was born in Walpole, N.H., but was raised in Greenfield, where his father Rev. Jonathan Leavitt served as a Congregational minister. Leavitt attended Yale College, taught school in New Haven, and then achieved early prominence as a lawyer in Greenfield. He subsequently served as Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas in 1812, and Judge of Probate from 1814 to 1821. Judge Leavitt used the west wing of the Leavitt-Hovey house for his business activities. He was a founder and first president of The Franklin Bank of Greenfield in 1822.
Judge Leavitt was also known for his legal writings, especially in probate law, as well as his "Summary of the Laws of Massachusetts, Relative to the Settlement, Support, Employment and Removal of Paupers", published in Greenfield in 1810. He also published two small volumes on religion.
Judge Leavitt married Emelia Stiles, daughter of President Ezra Stiles of Yale College, for whom today's Ezra Stiles College at Yale is named. Rev. Jonathan Leavitt, Judge Leavitt's father, was also a graduate of Yale and a native of Suffield, Connecticut. Rev. Leavitt's wife was Sarah Hooker, great-great-granddaughter of the Rev. Thomas Hooker, New England divine and chief founder of the Colony of Connecticut. 
Members of the Leavitt family became prominent in nearby Charlemont and Heath, and were noted for their abolitionist activities. (Rev. Joshua Leavitt, born in nearby Heath, Massachusetts, was a member of this family.) Judge Leavitt's household had three African-American servants, and on the death of her father Ezra Stiles Mrs. Leavitt inherited her father's two elderly slaves Newport and his wife Nabby.
Judge Leavitt died in Greenfield in 1830. He and the former Emelia Stiles had four daughters, including Sarah Hooker Leavitt, Mary Hooker Leavitt, Emilia Stiles Leavitt (later Mrs. E. T. Foote), and a son Jonathan, who died in 1821 while attending Yale College, an event that threw his father into profound depression. In 1822 his sister compiled a memoir devoted to her brother entitled "Memoir of Jonathan Leavitt, a Member of the Junior Class in Yale College, who Died at New-Haven the 10th of May, 1821, Aged 18 Years." The book, whose author was described as "a sister", was published by S. Converse in New Haven in 1822.

</doc>
<doc id="19304128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304128" title="Alone (E.M.D. song)">
Alone (E.M.D. song)

Alone is the third and final single released from Swedish boy band E.M.D.'s debut album "A State of Mind". On its fourth week on the chart it reached the top position, becoming E.M.D.'s third consecutive #1 in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19304154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304154" title="UT Basketball">
UT Basketball

UT basketball may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19304161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304161" title="Stan Perzanowski">
Stan Perzanowski

Stanley Perzanowski (born August 25, 1950) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher, born in East Chicago, Indiana. He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 16th round of the 1968 amateur draft. He threw right-handed during his baseball career.
Major League Baseball career.
Perzanowski made his major league debut for the White Sox at age 20. That year, he went on to record an era of 12.00 in 6.0 innings. After spending 1972 and 1973 in the minors, Perzanowski re-emerged with the White Sox, recording a 19.29 ERA in 2.3 innings. On February 25, 1975, Perzanowski was traded to the Texas Rangers for Steve Dunning. In 1975, Perzanowski had his breakout year, recording a team-best 3.00 ERA in 66 innings. In 1976, Perzanowski recorded a 10.03 ERA in 11.7 innings. On May 28 of that year, he was traded to the Cleveland Indians for Fritz Peterson. On March 28, 1977, Perzanowski was traded to the California Angels to complete an earlier trade. On August 16 of 1977, he was released for the first time in his career. He was later picked up by the Minnesota Twins. In 1978 he finally got back to the Majors, recording an ERA of 5.24 in 56.7 innings. On February 13, 1979, Perzanowski was released by the Twins organization. Perzanowski decided it was time to retire, ending his Major League career.
At the time of his retirement Perzanowski had a 5-11 record, a 5.11 ERA, 60 walks, and 70 strikeouts. He was 0 for 2 batting, with a lifetime batting average of .000. His lifetime fielding percentage was .935.

</doc>
<doc id="19304173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304173" title="Circumferential Road 5">
Circumferential Road 5

The Circumferential Road 5, more commonly known as the C-5 Road or C-5, is a network of roads and bridges that altogether forms the fifth beltway of the City of Manila. The road currently spans as it connects the cities of Parañaque, Taguig, Makati, Pasig, Marikina, Quezon City and Valenzuela. The entire road is within the boundaries of the National Capital Region, more commonly known as Metro Manila, in the Philippines. It serves as the second most important north to south transportation corridor, effectively serving as a reliever road for the Circumferential Road 4, better known as Epifanio de los Santos Avenue or EDSA.
The C-5 Road consists of the following segments: Mindanao Avenue, Congressional Avenue, Tandang Sora Avenue, Luzon Avenue, Katipunan Avenue, Col. Bonny Serrano Avenue, Eulogio Rodriguez Jr. Avenue and the C-5 Road Extension. Not these entire roads are designated as the C-5 Road itself, hence, only the portion of them that are necessary to form a north-south circumferential road are labelled as parts of the C-5 road. Under the power of the Republic Act 8224, all these segments, and therefore the entire Circumferential Road 5, were being labelled as the President Carlos P. Garcia Avenue, honoring the eighth president of the Republic of the Philippines, Carlos P. Garcia. 
The road was a subject of controversy in the Senate since the planned route passes much of the private properties of then Senate President Manny Villar in Las Piñas. Due to this controversy, the Circumferential Road 5 is currently uncompleted, although the portion of the road is already open and is already utilized by the public.
History.
The proposal for the Metro Manila Arterial Road System was done in the late 1960s. The proposal states of building 10 Radial Roads and 6 Circumferential Roads to support the growing vehicular population of the Metropolitan Manila. 
The 5th Circumferential Road began construction in 1986. It was renamed as President Carlos P. Garcia Avenue upon the approval of the Philippine Republic Act 8224 in November 6, 1996. Based on the main proposal, the road shall have the approximate length of when completed, however, because of the senate controversies, the road is not yet complete to date.
Route description.
The C-5 road lies parallel to Epifanio de los Santos Avenue, passing through the cities of Valenzuela, Quezon City, Marikina, Pasig, Makati, Taguig and Paranaque. The road is divided into segments.
NLEX-Mindanao Avenue connector link.
Also known as the NLEX Segment 8, the NLEX-Mindanao Avenue connector is a tollway starting from the Smart Connect Interchange, a cloverleaf interchange between the NLEX-Mindanao Avenue link and the North Luzon Expressway (NLEX) and ending in a 3-way signalized junction with the Mindanao Avenue. The entire tollway is designated as part of a C-5 Road.
Mindanao Avenue.
Mindanao Avenue is a , 10-lane divided carriageway that serves as the main transportation corridor of the Talipapa and Tandang Sora districts of Quezon City. The northern terminus of the road is a dead end north of the NLEX-Mindanao Avenue Connector Road and the southern terminus of the road is the Epifanio de los Santos Avenue. The portion of the road from the NLEX-Mindanao Avenue Connector Road junction to Congressional Avenue is designated as a portion of the C-5 Road.
Congressional Avenue.
Congressional Avenue is a , 6-lane divided carriageway that serves as the main east to west transportation corridor of Muñoz, Culiat and Tandang Sora districts in Quezon City. The western terminus of the road is Epifanio de los Santos Avenue and the eastern terminus of the road is a junction with Luzon Avenue. The portion of the road from Mindanao Avenue to Luzon Avenue is designated as a portion of C-5 Road.
Luzon Avenue.
Luzon Avenue is a , 4-lane divided/undivided municipal road that serves as the main thoroughfare of the Holy Spirit district of Quezon City. The northern terminus of the road is a junction with Holy Spirit Drive and the southern terminus is a junction with Commonwealth Avenue. The portion of the road from Congressional Avenue to Commonwealth Avenue is designated as a portion of C-5 Road. Before crossing ending in Commonwealth Avenue, a 6-lane flyover starts north of the junction and heads towards Tandang Sora Avenue on the other side of Commonwealth Avenue.
Tandang Sora Avenue.
Tandang Sora Avenue is a , 2-lane undivided municipal road that serves as the main thoroughfare of the Talipapa, Culiat and Tandang Sora districts of Quezon City. The northern terminus of the road is the Tullahan Road, while the southern terminus is the junction with Magsaysay Avenue inside the University of the Philippines campus. The original planned route of C-5 included the entire road, however, due to the incapacity of the road to carry a large amount of vehicular traffic, only the portion of the road from the Luzon Avenue flyover to Magsaysay Avenue was designated as a portion of C-5 Road. Furthermore, Tandang Sora Avenue becomes a 6-lane divided carriageway shortly after crossing Capitol Hills Drive, 350 meters south of the flyover. After crossing Magsaysay Avenue, Tandang Sora Avenue becomes Katipunan Avenue.
Katipunan Avenue.
Katipunan Avenue is a , 10-lane divided carriageway that serves as the main transportation corridor of the Balara and Project 4 districts of Quezon City. The northern terminus of the road is Tandang Sora Avenue and the southern terminus is Epifanio de los Santos Avenue. The portion of the road from its northern terminus to the intersection with Col. Bonny Serrano Avenue is designated as a portion of C-5 Road. Shortly before crossing Bonny Serrano Avenue, a 4-lane divided underpass descends from Katipunan Avenue and traverses underneath Col. Bonny Serrano Avenue and ascends into a flyover that immediately connects to E. Rodriguez Jr. Avenue.
Col. Boni Serrano Avenue.
Col. Boni Serrano Avenue is a , 4-lane undivided avenue that serves as the main thoroughfare between Epifanio de los Santos Avenue and Eastwood City. The portion of the road from Katipunan Avenue to Eulogio Rodriguez Jr. Avenue is designated as a portion of the C-5 Road. A 4-lane divided underpass descends from Katipunan Avenue and traverses underneath Col. Bonny Serrano Avenue and ascends into a flyover that immediately connects to E. Rodriguez Jr. Avenue.
Eulogio Rodriguez Jr. Avenue.
Eulogio Rodriguez Jr. Avenue is a , 10-lane divided road that serves as the main thoroughfare between Quezon City and Pasig. The entire road, from Katipunan Avenue to Pasig Boulevard is designated as a portion of C-5 Road. The road ends in a junction with Pasig Boulevard and continues onto F. Manalo Bridge that crosses the Pasig River and eventually becomes C.P. Garcia Avenue shortly afterwards.
Carlos P. Garcia Avenue.
Carlos P. Garcia Avenue is a , 14-lane divided road that serves as the main thoroughfare between Pasig and Parañaque, passing through the cities of Makati and Taguig. The entire road, from the F. Manalo Bridge to South Luzon Expressway (SLEX) is designated as a portion of C-5 Road. The road ends in a junction with South Luzon Expressway.
Future Extensions.
On July 23, 2007, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo said in her State of the Nation Address that C-5 Road will be extended north of Metro Manila, from North Luzon Expressway in Quezon City to Navotas and will be extended in the south from South Luzon Expressway in Parañaque to Coastal Road in Las Piñas in the southern part of Ninoy Aquino International Airport. 
As of July 2010, the NLEx-Mindanao Avenue Link or NLEx Segment 8.1 which is located in Valenzuela and Congressional Avenue Extension from Tandang Sora to Luzon Avenue which is located in Quezon City has been opened to all motorists in the North Extension and also the SLEx-Sucat Link or Carlos Garcia Avenue Extension in the South Extension located in Parañaque was also opened. 
At present, the New Commonwealth Avenue Flyover connecting Katipunan and Luzon Avenue is now open to all motorists. Before the opening of the flyover, the Congressional Avenue Extension from Visayas to Luzon Avenue opened in 2010 to decongest heavy traffic in Visayas-Tandang Sora Avenue Intersection.
C-5 North Extension.
The C-5 road is being planned to be extended to the North Harbor and Navotas.
North Extension Controversy.
The residents of Barangays Old Balara, Culiat and Pasong Tamo in Quezon City are against the C-5 North Extension Project because their homes are going to be demolished and they do not have enough money to relocate. The location of project will be from Katipunan Avenue to Tandang Sora Avenue crossing Commonwealth Avenue through a flyover. The flyover ends in Luzon Avenue.
C-5 South Extension.
It is proposed by the senate that the C-5 Road be extended by a tollway connecting the C.P. Garcia Avenue and SLEX to Coastal Road. The proposal has received much controversies and due to that, only the road from SLEX to E. Quirino Avenue in Parañaque and Las Piñas became operational. This extension is not accessible from the C.P. Garcia Avenue.
South Extension Controversy.
Recently, the Senate of the Philippines investigated the South Extension since it passes many of Sen. Manny Villar's properties such as Camella. The original C5 South Extension was called MCTEP, and was already approved by the Senate. MCTEP was a road that would be made as a toll expressway.
Landmarks.
Educational Institutions.
These schools are located in Quezon City.
Exits and Intersections.
A list of exits, flyovers, underpasses, and major intersections along C-5 Road. There are no exit numbers along C-5 Road. Instead, kilometer posts mark the location of exits and establishments along the road.

</doc>
<doc id="19304175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304175" title="Kudak Kaule">
Kudak Kaule

Kudak Kaule is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2734 persons living in 507 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304177" title="Kulunga">
Kulunga

Kulunga is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4095 persons living in 746 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304178" title="Lekharka">
Lekharka

Lekharka is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. According to the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2885 persons living in 509 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304182" title="Miranshah airstrike">
Miranshah airstrike

The Miranshah airstrike took place on Friday 12 September 2008 in Miranshah in North Waziristan in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) in Pakistan. It was part of a series of attacks targeting presumed militants, and was carried out by a United States Air Force drone aircraft. It took advantage of the power vacuum in Pakistan, following the fall of Pervez Musharraf on 18 August 2008. The missiles hit two buildings – in one three women and two children were killed, and in the other seven Taliban militants died. 
President George W. Bush had two months prior to this attack issued a classified order authorizing US raids against militants in Pakistan without prior approval from Islamabad. 
Missile strikes have traditionally provoked an outpouring of public resentment that Musharraf's political opponents used to help drive him from power. Many of those opponents are now seated in the new government – giving it broader political support and fewer high-profile critics. 
The attack came at the same time as American and international troops was fighting Taliban and al-Qaeda militants close by in neighboring Afghanistan. The upsurge in strikes alarmed Pakistani military and government officials, who said it seriously undermined their counter-insurgency operations. Pakistan had repeatedly stated, that it would not allow foreign forces onto its territory and that it would vigorously protect its sovereignty. It said that cross border raids were not the best way of fighting the "war against terror".

</doc>
<doc id="19304187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304187" title="Mane Bhanjyang">
Mane Bhanjyang

Mane Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2832 persons living in 503 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304189" title="Valley Stream 24 Union Free School District">
Valley Stream 24 Union Free School District

Valley Stream Union Free School District 24 is a unique elementary school district. Our 1,028 students are in Kindergarten through grade 6. There are 307 students at Brooklyn Avenue School, 306 students at William L. Buck School, and 415 students at Robert W. Carbonaro School. Upon completion of the sixth grade, our students continue their education in the junior and senior high schools of the Valley Stream Central High School District.
Twenty thousand residents make their home in Valley Stream Union Free School District 24, which is located in the Village of Valley Stream. The School District also includes a portion of the Village of Lynbrook. The residents of the community have long supported its schools with their involvement and with their approval of our annual budget.
A District with high expectations for excellence from its staff and its students, Valley Stream 24 employs over 133 professional staff members and 86 civil service personnel. Educational leadership is provided by our Superintendent of Schools, Edward M. Fale, Ph.D. His administration includes an Assistant Superintendent for Administration and 3 Building Principals.
Your Board of Education is composed of seven residents of the District who have been elected by the qualified voters of District #24. The Board is an arm of the State government. The members are charged by law to set proper standards of education for the community and to carry out the mandates of the New York State Education Department. They serve without remuneration.
The Board of Education holds its regular monthly business meeting on the fourth Wednesday of the month except as noted on the calendar. In addition, special meetings may be held. All regular meetings start at 8:30 P.M., and are held at the William L. Buck School.
The quality of education in a community depends to a great extent on the interest and concern of the residents. On average, Valley Stream Union Free School District 24 is better than the state average in quality. You are urged to attend these meetings as one means of keeping informed about school district matters. Time is provided at the conclusion of every meeting's agenda for those residents in attendance, to express views or ask questions.
The community is located one-half hour or less from Aqueduct Raceway, Belmont Park, Eisenhower Park, Hempstead Lake State Park, boating and swimming facilities, Westbury Music Fair, the Nassau Veteran’s Memorial Coliseum, as well as the in-town convenience Hendrickson Park and the Valley Stream Village Green.
District Mission
The Mission of the Valley Stream School District Twenty-four is to create a learning environment that challenges each student to become a self-sufficient, cooperative, responsible, and contributing member of a global society and encourages each to achieve his/her highest potential.
District Vision
To accomplish this goal, the Board of Education is committed to employ, train and support a staff that acts to achieve mastery and excellence in education. Our nurturing educational environment and the programs contained within, will provide strategies, skills and resources necessary for our children to become self-reliant, educated, and socially responsible individuals.
District Belief
We believe that all children have a potential to learn. Their progress requires the District to be creative and maximize educational opportunities. We support excellence and innovative learning experiences in partnership with family and community.
Meeting Schedule
The Board of Education holds its regular monthly business meeting on the fourth Wednesday of the month except as noted on the calendar. In addition, special meetings may be held. All regular meetings start at 8:30 P.M., and are held at the William L. Buck School. Our community is invited to attend all meetings.
The District motto is "We Know We Can".
Schools.
The district operates three schools:
Performance.
In 2003, 92% of students tested at acceptable levels 3 or 4 in Elementary-Level Social Studies. In 2008, student test scores exceeded the state average in all grades and tested subject areas of New York State standardized tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19304192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304192" title="Mulpani, Kosi">
Mulpani, Kosi

Mulpani is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3438 persons living in 705 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304213" title="Guillermo Leaden">
Guillermo Leaden

Guillermo Leaden, S.D.B. (born July 20, 1913) is an Argentine Bishop of the Catholic Church. At the age of , he is one of the oldest bishops in the Church and the oldest Argentine bishop.
Leaden was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in the summer of 1913. He was ordained a priest of the Roman Catholic religious institute of the Salesians of Don Bosco. On May 28, 1975 he was appointed Titular Bishop of Theudalis and Auxiliary Bishop of the Buenos Aires and was ordained August 8, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19304224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304224" title="Linnea Mellgren">
Linnea Mellgren

Linnea Mellgren (born 17 May 1989) is a Swedish figure skater. She is a two-time (2009, 2011) Nordic silver medalist and the 2009 Swedish national silver medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="19304236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304236" title="Alan Crosland Graham">
Alan Crosland Graham

Captain Alan Crosland Graham (2 August 1896 – 10 May 1964) was a British Conservative politician.
He was the son of Sir Crosland Graham of Clwyd Hall, Ruthin, Denbighshire, a Liverpool businessman. He was educated at Rugby School. In 1915 he was commissioned as an officer in the Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders, serving in France and north Russia during the First World War. 
Following the war he attended Trinity College, Oxford, where he studied history. He became involved in Conservative politics, being appointed as private political secretary to Arthur Balfour from 1925 to 1929. He unsuccessfully stood for election in 1929 in Denbigh, and 1931 in Darwen. He was private secretary to the first Viscount Hailsham from 1932 to 1935. In the latter year he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Wirral. He was a member of the Anglo-Polish Parliamentary Committee, and published a book entitled "Does Poland matter to Britain? An indictment of political isolationism, a cry for justice and for Christianity in action". He retired as member of parliament at the next general election in 1945.
He was married twice. His first marriage was to Marion du Plessis of Cape Town with whom he had two daughters. They were divorced in 1948, and in 1953 he married Marie Antoinette Louise Pavluc. The second marriage produced a son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19304249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304249" title="Ibrahim Koroma">
Ibrahim Koroma

Ibrahim "Marcel" Koroma (born 17 May 1989 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who currently plays for Swedish Superettan club Varbergs BoIS and the Sierra Leone national football team. He plays both as a defensive midfielder and central defender. Koroma is commonly known by his nickname Marcel which is taken from former French footballer Marcel Desailly.
Career.
FC Kallon.
Koroma played for Sierra Leone National Premier League side FC Kallon until 2008. He scored 13 goals in 83 caps during his four-year stay at the club. Koroma also helped FC Kallon win the Sierra Leonean FA Cup in 2007 as well as reach the first round of the CAF Champions League in that same year.
D.C. United.
American Major League Soccer club D.C. United signed Koroma in September 2008. However, he was waived at the end of the season as D.C. United failed to buy out his transfer rights from FC Kallon. This was caused by the roster changes in MLS from 28 to 24 players which meant that Koroma was surplus to requirement since they wanted to use their funds to give development contracts to SuperDraft players for the 2009 Major League Soccer season.
Motala AIF.
At the start of the 2009 season Koroma was brought in on loan by Swedish third tier club Motala AIF. Even though the club was relegated at the end of the season Koroma returned again for the first half of the following year where he vas voted best defender of all six fourth tier leagues.
Trelleborg.
After his success at Motala he was signed by Allsvenskan club Trelleborgs FF in July 2010. During his time at the club Trelleborg suffered two consecutive relegations and found themselves in the third tier at the start of 2013. This caused Koroma to declare that he wanted to leave the club.
Varbergs BoIS.
In February 2013 Koroma was signed by Superettan club Varbergs BoIS.
International career.
Koroma represented Sierra Leone as part of the U-17, U-20 and U-23 National Teams, before making his senior team debut in 2007. Since then, he has represented his country on 14 occasions and was selected to play for the National Team in its CAF Cup of Nations and 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign, playing as a starter in Sierra Leone's matches against Nigeria, South Africa and Equatorial Guinea.
Honours.
Club.
FC Kallon

</doc>
<doc id="19304254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304254" title="Nagi, Bhojpur">
Nagi, Bhojpur

Nagi is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1609 persons residing in 294 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304274" title="Nepaledada">
Nepaledada

Nepaledada is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3325 persons living in 659 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304284" title="Okhre">
Okhre

Okhre is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 persons living in 534 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304292" title="Pangcha">
Pangcha

Pangcha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2714 persons living in 471 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304293" title="Conan the Guardian">
Conan the Guardian

Conan the Guardian is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in January 1991, and reprinted in October 1997 and August 2000.
Plot.
"Conan the Guardian" describes the employment of Conan and his band of mercenaries at the household of Lady Livia in Argos.

</doc>
<doc id="19304301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304301" title="Architecture of Leeds">
Architecture of Leeds

The architecture of Leeds, a city and metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England, encompasses a wide range of architectural styles and notable buildings. As with most northern industrial centres, much of Leeds' prominent architecture is of the Victorian era. However, the City of Leeds also contains buildings from as early as the Middle Ages such as Kirkstall Abbey, one of Britain's best preserved ruined Cistercian monasteries, as well as examples of 20th century industrial architecture, particularly in the districts of Hunslet and Holbeck.
Most of the current buildings in Leeds are the product of the Industrial Revolution and post war regeneration in the 20th century, as many new buildings were provided in the city's commuter towns and villages to house the increasing suburban population. Leeds city centre is currently undergoing much redevelopment, with a number of skyscrapers such as Bridgewater Place. Many buildings in Leeds have won awards for their architecture: examples are the renovation projects for the Corn Exchange and the Henry Moore Institute, which have won RIBA awards.
Pre 1600.
The earliest evidence of civilisation in the area of Leeds is at Seacroft and dates to 3500 BC. The oldest existent man-made structure in the Leeds metropolitan district is the earthworks of the Iron Age fort at Barwick in Elmet. 
Leeds is thought to have been the site of the Roman town of Cambodunum, abandoned when the Romans left Britain in around 400 AD. The first church in Leeds is thought to have been built around 600 AD.
Leeds, like many industrial cities, has little remaining medieval architecture. The lack of Medieval architecture in central Leeds may be attributed to the small size of the town during the majority of the period, the population usually being around 1,000. At the time there were several larger settlements in Yorkshire such as Wakefield and York.
The Church of St John the Baptist at Adel is one of the earliest remaining buildings in Leeds. It was built between 1150 and 1170. It has been described as "one of the best and most complete Norman village churches in Yorkshire".
Kirkstall Abbey is the most noteworthy piece of architecture from this period in Leeds. The abbey, which is a Cistercian foundation, was begun on the banks of the River Aire in 1152. The abbey was disbanded and the buildings ruined during the Dissolution of the Monasteries under Henry VIII. Although Cistercian abbeys were numerous in England, many were located in remote areas and, unlike several Benedictine and Augustian abbeys, did not survive the Dissolution by being reused as parish churches. At Kirkstall Abbey, the ruins are particularly well preserved and show an austere form of Norman architecture with some later Gothic additions and embellishments. The remnants of most of the monastic buildings are sufficiently intact to display the domestic arrangement and function of the monastery. The Abbey House Museum keeps records and displays artefacts from the abbey as well as from other eras across Leeds. Paintings of the Abbey have come from artists as renowned as J. M. W. Turner and Thomas Girtin. In 1889 the abbey was purchased by Colonel John North and presented to Leeds City Council. The council restored parts of the abbey and made it safe for public enjoyment before opening it in 1895.
Although central Leeds has few buildings from the Middle Ages, there are examples within the City of Leeds boundaries, including two at Wetherby. Wetherby Bridge dates from the Medieval period, but has been considerably altered, the pointed Gothic arches of different heights being replaced by semi-circular arches. It is said that the Bishop of York granted absolution of sins to local residents in return for building the bridge.
The building of a castle was commenced in Wetherby in 1140, but it was demolished in 1155, because it was the King had not granted permission for its construction. The remains of its foundations can still be seen, and it is remembered in the street name "Castle Gate".
Harewood Castle is a 14th-century stone hall house and courtyard fortress, in the grounds of Harewood House. It is a Grade I listed and is currently undergoing conservation.
1600 to 1800.
By Tudor times, Leeds had become a market town of about 3,000 people, which grew to about 6,000 by the mid-17th century, however successive redevelopments of the city centre in the following centuries have destroyed almost all visible evidence of this period. The earliest building remaining in the city centre is a late 16th- or early 17th-century house in Lambert's Yard, off Briggate. It is a timber framed building with a gable and three jettied storeys, "possibly the cross-wing of a larger hall house". It is in a state of disrepair and is not generally accessible to the public.
The church of St John the Evangelist, New Briggate, is the oldest church in central Leeds, consecrated in 1634. It was founded by John Harrison. It is described as "something of an architectural rarity: a virtually intact 17th century church". In 1865 there were plans to demolish it, but Norman Shaw came to its defence and argued successfully for its restoration. Its interior is unusual in having two naves, and it has a large amount of Jacobean woodwork. It is no longer used for regular services but is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust and is regularly open for visitors and also used for occasional public events.
A major example of 18th century architecture lies just outside the city (although within the City of Leeds boundaries) in the Grade I listed Harewood House. This was built between 1759 and 1771 and funded from the proceeds of the West Indian Slave Trade.
The architect was John Carr of York, with extensions by Robert Adam who also designed the interiors.
The opening of a trade hall in Wetherby in 1710 brought about further industrial development, most of this was still on a small scale until the 19th century, but Leeds like Manchester began to show growing industrialisation before many other towns and cities across the industrial belts of Yorkshire and Lancashire did, providing Leeds with a few rare examples of industry from before the period that is generally accepted as the beginning of the industrial revolution (late 18th century) had begun.
Armley Mills was built in 1788 and is currently the largest woollen mill museum. There are several examples of industrial architecture from the latter part of this era in Holbeck, Hunslet, Armley and areas surrounding Leeds city centre.
The main infirmary was originally on Infirmary Street (near City Square and Quebec Street). Designed by John Carr, it was built in 1768–1771 and demolished in 1893 to make way for the Yorkshire Penny Bank.
Holy Trinity Church on Boar Lane was constructed between 1721 and 1727, built to a design by William Etty. It is a Grade I listed building. The building has not changed much (although a new steeple was built in 1839 by R D Chantrell), but developments such as the Burton Arcade and the Leeds Shopping Plaza have been built so close that it is difficult to see the full exterior of the building as was once possible.
In 2007 it was reported in the "Yorkshire Evening Post" that the remains of a 17th-century cottage in Alwoodley had been demolished after controversial approval from Leeds City Council.
Nineteenth century.
It was in the 19th century that Leeds began to grow into one of Britain's largest cities. This led to widespread building across the city. Leeds' wool and cloth trades resulted in the building of many industrial buildings during this era. The resulting workforce which migrated to the city from rural areas brought about the building of many houses. Leeds has perhaps the most surviving examples of back-to-back terrace housing in the UK, particularly in Holbeck and Harehills.
"Headingley Castle", originally known as The Elms, was designed in c1841 and then built between 1843 and 1846 by the local architect John Child for the corn merchant Thomas England. The estate was originally 22 acres. While the exterior of Headingley Castle is Victorian Gothic in style, the architect employed modern building techniques and materials including cast iron in its construction.
Leeds city centre has many examples from this era, such as Leeds Town Hall, the Leeds Kirkgate Market, the Hotel Metropole, the Leeds City Varieties, the Central Post Office, Calls Landings and the Corn Exchange to name a few.
Leeds Town Hall (pictured top) was designed by Cuthbert Brodrick and was opened by Queen Victoria in 1858.
The Hotel Metropole was built in the 1890s and was inspired by French architecture of the time. The Leeds Corn Exchange was also designed by Cuthbert Brodrick and was built between 1861 and 1864. The building lay derelict for many years until 1985 when it was converted into a shopping centre.
Harehills, Burley, Holbeck, Chapeltown, Woodhouse and East End Park contain many houses from this era, while Cross Gates has a column guided gasholder from this era.
The 19th century saw the construction of most of Leeds' railway infrastructure, including architecturally notable viaducts in Holbeck and Leeds city centre. None of the major railway stations from this era have survived, in fact most of Leeds railway station was rebuilt as recently as 2002.
As well as industrial architecture Hunslet has a history for some notable churches. The main steeple on Church Lane was once part of a large church. All but the steeple were demolished in the 1970s and a smaller church building attached. Meadow Lane in Hunslet was also home to Christ Church, an architecturally notable Gothic church, which has since been demolished.
Leeds Parish Church was constructed in 1841 and at tall it held the record as Leeds' tallest building until the building of the town hall in 1858.
Housing.
Leeds' growth in the 19th century led to mass migration to the city; this resulted in many areas of the city becoming overcrowded and many new houses being built. The industrial revolution led to the increase in both working and middle classes, leading to the building of many new houses, aimed at both classes. The most common form of housing to be built for the working classes was the 'back to back'. Back to back terrace houses were built in the largely working class districts of Harehills, Holbeck, Hunslet, Beeston and Armley, whilst larger through terrace houses were built for the middle classes in Headingley and Kirkstall. Chapeltown developed as an affluent district of Leeds, and boasts many large Victorian villas, however the popularity of outer suburbs such as Roundhay towards the late 20th century brought land values down in Chapeltown and the area fell into decline.
In 1830 the cost of building a small back to back house in Leeds was between seventy and eighty pounds. The average weekly rent was between two and four shillings (around a fifth of the average wages at the time).
Twentieth century.
Leeds has a wide variety of buildings from this era. Chapel Allerton has many art deco semi detached houses from the 1930s while large parts of the city centre contain many commercial buildings from this era. Seacroft has many examples of 20th century residential architecture.
Early era.
For the first decade of the 20th century many areas of Leeds saw a continuation of Victorian style architecture, particularly in areas like Beeston.
The Hyde Park Picture House, Hyde Park was originally built in 1908 as a hotel and in 1914 it was converted into a picture house. The cinema has gas lighting, the original organ and piano. It is a grade II listed building and one of the few surviving picture palaces in the UK. The picture house is regarded by many to be one of the finest examples of Edwardian architecture in Leeds.
Art deco.
Chapel Allerton and to a lesser extent Headingley boast many art deco houses. Parts of the Leeds General Infirmary were built in art deco styles. Chapel Allerton also boasted the former Dominion Cinema, which was built in art deco style, however this closed in the late 1960s and became a bingo hall; which was later demolished in the 1990s.
1920s and 1930s.
Leeds Civic Hall was designed by E. Vincent Harris in 1926 and built between 1931 and 1933 to provide the unemployed with work during the Great Depression. The Quarry Hill Estate was designed in 1933 but not completed until 1941 They were designed by Leeds' Director of Housing RAH Livett(1898–1959) and utilised a monolithic modernist design based on European examples, in particular the Karl Marx-Hof in Vienna. 
This was revolutionary at a time when most mass Council housing was based on a weak Neo-Georgian design.
They were demolished throughout the 1970s and 80s after poor maintenance.
It provided the backdrop for Yorkshire Television sitcom, "Queenie's Castle".
The Queens Hotel on City Square was constructed in 1937.
The following year, Shaftesbury House, a large five-storey brick hostel for working men and woman opened. It was designed in 1936 by George C. Robb, senior architectural assistant to Livett, and after its closure, was converted in 2006-7 to the sustainable Green House.
Brutalism.
Leeds has limited examples of Brutalism, onesuch being the Leeds International Swimming Pool (designed by disgraced architect John Poulson). until the commencement of its demolition in Autumn 2009, following its closure in October 2007. The Leeds International Pool was not without its design flaws, the pool size was miscalculated and was less than an inch too narrow to qualify for Olympic Standard meaning that it never held the competitions the council had hoped for and it spent much of the 1960s closed while problems with its construction were rectified.
Parts of the Merrion Centre have brutalist undertones, particularly around the office blocks constructed as part of it and the former outdoor escalators to the rear.
Hunslet Grange Flats (more commonly known as the Leek Street Flats) displayed brutalism. They replaced run down back to back houses. It is unusual that Leek Street was chosen as their informal name as they replaced many other streets, including longer streets such as Alton Street. The flats were popular at first; however, they were so poorly designed and constructed that in 1983 they were demolished only thirteen years after being constructed. Smaller shops on the site had been demolished even earlier.
For a picture of the flats see the Leodis Database:(picture in 1975) and a (picture in 1973).
Often unseen parts of the University of Leeds display elements of brutalism, with large areas of exposed concrete. From the A660 however, only older parts of the university are visible. To view these parts of the university it is necessary to walk through the main campus.
1960s to 1980s.
Many areas of Leeds such as Seacroft were almost entirely built in this era. There are many high rise council flats in Leeds as well as office buildings such as West Riding House. Many Victorian slums were demolished during this era and replaced with council housing. There was also widespread private residential developments. Holt Park was a joint effort between the Leeds City Council and Norman Ashton. There were many Ashtons homes built during this time, particularly in Holt Park and Wetherby.
West Riding House was completed in 1973 and was the tallest building in Leeds until the completion of Bridgewater Place in 2007. In 2008 it was knocked into third position with the opening of Opal Tower.
The Inner Ring Road was constructed over the course of the 1960s. This was the most ambitious scheme of its kind in the UK with Leeds City Council subsequently promoting the city with the slogan "Motorway City of the Seventies". The works involved the construction of many flyovers and tunnels and the Motorway construction is notable in itself.
Another council plan during the 1960s was to separate pedestrians and traffic, and it was proposed that any new buildings in City Square would be built with an overhead walkway – this never came to fruition, with only a short section ever being built.
The growth of the financial and business services sector from the mid-1980s onwards resulted in a boom in office developments in the city centre. Many of the buildings constructed at this time are in the style known as the "Leeds Look", which is typified by the use of dark red brickwork and steeply pitched grey slate roofs.
1990s.
The 1990s saw further residential development, such as that around Colton. Schofields Department Store was demolished and replaced by the Schofield Centre (later the Headrow Centre and now The Core) and the White Rose Centre was constructed. The 1990s also saw Tesco redevelop Seacroft town centre, which had previously been architecturally notable for 1960s architecture.
Quarry House was constructed on the site of the former Quarry Hill Flats (see 1920s and 1930s) at Quarry Hill. The building houses the Department of Health and the Department for Work and Pensions and is their main regional offices. The building is controversial. Its imposing design has often been regarded as being domineering and self-important and has led the building to be nicknamed The Kremlin and The Ministry of Truth.
Housing.
As in much of the UK, Leeds' housing stock had fallen into disrepair by the middle of the 20th century. The city was overcrowded, and the Victorian terraces were unsuitable for modern inhabitation. Leeds had one of the most Labour orientated councils and in the 1930s pledged to replace 30,000 slums.
The older houses relied mainly on heating from open coal fires, which lead to problems with smog (in 1962, 24 deaths in Leeds were attributed to this), although this problem was partially relieved in the 1950s with the introduction of the Clean Air Act 1956. Although a slum clearance scheme was under way in the 1930s, it took until after the Second World War, for the scheme to get well under way. In the 1950s, the largest social housing project began with the building of the Seacroft Estate. Seacroft was planned at the time to be a 'Satellite town within the city limits'. The building of new council estates was most prevalent in the city's east end and because of this the city expanded much further East in the latter part of the 20th century then it did any other direction. The Langbar Gardens Estate (completed 1966) in Swarcliffe lay right on the eastern fringes of the city sprawl until it was demolished in the early 21st century, including the high profile implosions of Langbar Towers, Langbar Grange and Ash Tree Grange. By the 1960s and 1970s land for social housing was becoming scarcer and the council started looking towards building 'high rise', with such estates as Cottingley sporting prominent tower blocks. By the 1970s less land was available for such developments and the particularly large estates were becoming unpopular, however faced with a need for a larger social housing stock, Leeds City Council built smaller estates such as Holt Park (in partnership with Norman Ashton), replaced the prefabricated 'war houses' in Cottingley with newer prefabs and redeveloped areas such as Beckhill in Meanwood.
Perhaps the most obvious housing incarnation of this era has been the council house. These have been a subject of some controversy since they were built. On the one hand some people argue they vastly improved Britain's housing stock, and provided their occupants with modern luxuries such as central heating, an inside lavatory and a modern kitchen, while others criticise the way they were built, the disruption to communities, the build quality of certain batches of houses and the policy of housing problem tenants in them. Certain estates in Leeds have suffered from high crime and poverty and thus had low house prices (such as Seacroft, Gipton, Belle Isle and Halton Moor), while others have maintained a lower crime rate and enjoy buoyant house prices (such as Moor Grange, the Lincombe estate in Gledhow, Ireland Wood, Holt Park and Tinshill).
Post Millennium.
So far during this period, Leeds has seen much development, particularly in the city centre, most notably the highrise developments such as Bridgewater Place, the developments around Clarence Dock, K2 (albeit a conversion from an older building) as well as many developments incorporating student accommodation. The 2002 redevelopment of Leeds railway station incorporated a notable steel and glass roof covering the main platform hall and providing panoramic views to the south west from the mezzanine level.
Bridgewater Place.
Bridgewater Place is currently the tallest building in Leeds and the second tallest structure in Yorkshire after the Emley Moor Television Transmitter (near Huddersfield). The building comprises offices, flats, shops and restaurants. Bridgewater Place is tall and has 32 storeys. The original design included a spire, but this was never added. In 2008, "Building Design", the architectural journal, shortlisted Bridgewater Place for the Carbuncle Cup, which is awarded to 'buildings so ugly they freeze the heart'.
Opal 3.
Opal 3 is a skyscraper in Leeds situated to the north of the city centre on Wade Lane, adjacent to the Merrion Centre and Tower House. The building was officially completed in September 2008 and at with 27 storeys Opal 3 is Leeds' third tallest building after Bridgewater Place and Sky Plaza. The building consists solely of student accommodation for the University of Leeds and Leeds Metropolitan University as well as Leeds' other further education institutions. The building was built on the former site of the "Little Londoner" (later "The Londoner") public house, as well as some former car parking in the Lovell Park area of the city. Opal 3 was fully booked for the 2008 academic year. It contains 542 students flats (all which are en-suite) as well as a gym for student use.
Plaza Tower.
The Plaza Tower is a skyscraper currently under construction. When complete in 2009 the Plaza overtook Opal 3 as Leeds' second tallest building. The tower contains 572 student flats and stands at . It has 37 storeys (making it the building with the most storeys in Leeds, as the Bridgewater Place has commercial height ceilings. These are particularly high for the first eight storeys).
Clarence Dock.
Clarence Dock was originally a large timber dock, situated between the city centre and Hunslet. Decades of industrial decline left the dock obsolete. The opening of the Royal Armouries Museum in 1996 began the regeneration of the area, however little else was undertaken, until the wider redevelopment began in 2001. This was completed in 2007 (at a cost of £260 million) and includes flats, offices, bars, restaurants, a hotel and a casino. The development centres on the dock itself as well as around 'Armouries Boulevard' and 'Armouries Square', two pedestrianised thoroughfares. The main office block on the development is Livingston House which has not yet attracted a tenant. The smaller dock incorporates six residential berths for house boats, while a passenger boat service to Granary Wharf runs from here.
The development has not been without criticism, with many people in the city commenting on the lack of people in the area, while architect Maxwell Hutchinson described them as the 'slums of the future'. and described the development as a 'mundane collection' of buildings and an 'incredibly soulless place' and claimed that 'in two or three decades these shiny new buildings will be following Quarry Hill down the spiral of decay'. These claims were explored on the BBC television programme Inside Out. While at a fashion show at Clarence Dock, Gok Wan claimed he thought the development would be a huge success.
Leeds Arena.
Leeds Arena is a 13,500 seat 'super-theatre' style venue, the first in the UK to be built in a 'fan' orientation. Construction began in 2011 after decades of calls for a venue to replace the Queens Hall, which was demolished in 1989 and represented the city's only large concert hall. In the intervening period Leeds was the only major city in the UK without such a venue.
The building itself is based around a striking honeycomb frontage, modelled on close-up images of an insect's eye, and is illuminated at night in a variety of colours that reflect the mood of whichever show is playing at the time.
Future.
Two major developments in Leeds city centre were planned for completion around the beginning of the new decade, but were put on hold due to the prevailing economic conditions and subsequently cancelled. These buildings were Criterion Place and Lumiere, both of which would have been the tallest residential buildings in the UK at the time of their completion.
Planning permission has recently been approved for a 200-room five star Hilton hotel opposite the new Leeds Arena site, due to be completed around 2015. This is following the development's re-location from Clarence Dock following the refusal of its planning permission.
Critical reception on Leeds' architecture.
In 1968 John Betjeman made a television film called "A Poet Goes North" in which he gave his opinion on the changing architecture of Leeds. Betjeman described the constant sound of falling Victorian architecture. Betjeman also lambasted British Railways House (now City House) saying it blocked all the light out to City Square and was only a testament to money and had no architectural merit of its own. Betjeman also praised Leeds Town Hall in the film. The film, which was never broadcast at the time, was preserved by Leeds Civic Trust and has been restored by the Yorkshire Film Archive. It was screened as part of the Leeds International Film Festival in 2008
Architect and critic Maxwell Hutchinson has attracted controversy in his criticism of recent architectural developments in Leeds, most notably Clarence Dock. In referring to Leeds' plans for the future, Hutchinson said ""there are worrying signs that Yorkshire is about to make the same mistakes that we have made in London over 20 years ago"". Hutchinson also criticised the dearth of services in the city centre, referring to its lack of schools and health care facilities. Hutchinson also described the Clarence Dock development as ""the slums of the future"". These claims were explored on the BBC television programme, Inside Out.
"The Guardian" architecture critic Owen Hatherley lamented post-millennium architecture in Leeds and bemoaned the weak planning system for allowing a wave of ""astoundingly cheap-looking architecture"" in the city. Hatherley points to Sky Plaza as a prime example.
Public space.
Leeds city centre has four main public squares being Park Square, City Square, Armouries Square and Millennium Square.
Smaller squares do exist, including Dortmund Square, St Peters Square, Central Square, Queen Square, Woodhouse Square and Hanover Square. While the rest of Leeds has large open parks, this is something the city centre lacks and most free recreational space is contained within these squares. Since 2000, both City Square and Millennium Square have been redeveloped with hard landscaping. In an interview with Martin Wainwright, the northern editor of "The Guardian", architect Irena Bauman, praised City Square for being a well designed and well used public space, however she criticised The Plaza Tower development for its lack of public space, stating that the only space made available was for service vehicles.
Awards.
Many buildings in Leeds have been shortlisted for or won architecture awards.
RIBA.
The following buildings have a RIBA award:
Granary Wharf – Waterman's Place, Mint Hotel and Candle House
http://www.architecture.com/Awards/RIBAAwards/Winners2011/Yorkshire/Yorkshirewinners2011.aspx
The Peoples Award.
The short listed buildings for the People's Award of the Leeds Architecture Awards in 2003 were:
Leeds Civic Trust.
Leeds Civic Trust is a voluntary, non-profit body whose aims and objectives are:
The Trust works to preserve Leeds' architectural heritage and to ensure that new developments are of suitable quality for the city. It also organises the local Heritage Open Days in conjunction with the Civic Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19304302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304302" title="Patle Pani">
Patle Pani

Patle Pani is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3787 persons living in 743 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304311" title="Pawala">
Pawala

Pawala is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1431 persons living in 246 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304314" title="Viking Palm">
Viking Palm

Viking Palm (October 13, 1923 – January 19, 2009) was a Swedish wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Palm competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling in the "light heavyweight" class.
Personal life.
Palm was born in Östra Broby, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19304320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304320" title="Pyauli">
Pyauli

Pyauli is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2637 persons living in 469 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304341" title="Ranibas, Kosi">
Ranibas, Kosi

Ranibas is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5950 persons living in 1152 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304345" title="State Theatre (Bay City, Michigan)">
State Theatre (Bay City, Michigan)

The State Theatre is a single-screen movie theater located in Bay City, Michigan. Built in 1908 during the booming lumbering era in Michigan, the State Theatre was originally known as the Bijou, and was one of the many vaudeville and burlesque houses in Bay City. In 1930 the theater was renovated and reopened as the "Bay". The ownership and the name of the theater changed over the years until July 2000, when the theater was purchased by the Bay City Downtown Development Authority who restored the Mayan motif marquee.
History.
In September 1908, the Bijou vaudeville theatre opened on Washington Avenue in Downtown Bay City. In August 1920 the theatre's name was changed to the "Orpheum".
The theater was renovated in 1930 to resemble a Mayan pyramid by renowned architect C. Howard Crane whose impressive body of work includes the twin Fox Theatres in Detroit and St. Louis, Missouri.
Among the theater owners over the years were the Butterfield family who also owned theaters throughout the Flint/Great Lakes Bay region and the Ashman Brothers.
Restoration.
Renovations to the theater began in 2000 with the replacement of the roof, carpet, and stage curtains, and seating. The hardwood floors were refinished, and the lighting and sound systems were updated. A new stage was created in front of the existing screen which enabled the theatre to be used for small productions. The elaborate internal paint theme was restored in 2005.
Digital projector.
In August 2008, The State Theatre became the first single-screen theater with a digital projection system in the United States.
New marquee.
On September 11, 2008 a new marquee was unveiled. The new design was created in the spirit of the theater from the time of the Mayan redesign of 1930. The $220,000 marquee, with its retro Mayan Indian headdress, digital display, and colorful lighting, is part of a multi-phase project to renovate the theater.

</doc>
<doc id="19304348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304348" title="Kayamozhi">
Kayamozhi

Kayamozhi is a village which is situated 9 km in west of Thiruchendur in Thoothukudi district, Tamil Nadu, India. The history of this Village goes back to 16th century AD as a capital of the old vadapattu region.
Statistics.
Demographics.
The total population of Kayamozhi is 5497, of which males constitute 2,552 and female 2,945. Literacy is 85%.
Geography.
Kayamozhi is 9 km from Tiruchendur by road. Well connected to the major cities like kanyakumari, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin by all weather hi-way trunk roads. A small canal originating from the river Thamirabarani River passing through north of the village, from west to east. A sub canal from this main feeds the pond which is situated to south of this village.
Agriculture, water and natural resources.
The lands in and surrounding areas are red in colour, rich in minerals and able to with hold humitity, suitable for cultivations of Plantains(Banana), Mara valli kizhangu, Coconut, Murungakikai, Green Chilly, Ground Nut, Brinjal, Country fire wood (நாட்டு உடை மரம்) and like so. Paddy cultivation is also done in natural wet land with canal irrigation and as well as modern concrete artificial wet lands feed through well water supply. The canal irrigation is done in much less area than well-water-fed irrigation.
The "country fire wood" (நாட்டு உடை மரம்) and banana are the major cultivation here, since it gives the most economical and high yield with less expenditure.
Culture, art and people.
Common burial ground.
Initially this village had a unified burial ground east of the village pond, serving the people with no discrimination by caste or greed. This is a distinguishable thing from nearby habitites. But in later years due to lack of sufficient place and other reasons more diversified places has been chosen for burial.
People and Social Civilization.
The village holds mixed class of people from farmers to peasants, landlord to labourers, traders to tenants, engineers, in military service, police service, government services, educationalists and so on. Religiously also it holds diversified people some in to Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Saiavam, Vaishnava and Eathist too.

</doc>
<doc id="19304356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304356" title="Sangpang">
Sangpang

Sangpang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3567 persons living in 718 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304395" title="Sano Dumba">
Sano Dumba

Sano Dumba is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2761 persons living in 501 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304397" title="Farman F.31">
Farman F.31

The Farman F.31 was a French fighter prototype of the 1910s, the second foray into fighter design by Farman, a firm more usually associated with bombers. The project was short-lived, lasting only 3 months.
Development.
The F.31 was a two-seat fighter, designed around the Liberty 12 engine. It was exceptionally angular, and equi-span with the fuselage mounted between its two bays.
Operational history.
The sole prototype was completed and first flown in summer 1918. Testing was still ongoing in November 1918, when the Armistice put an end to the project and no further development continued.

</doc>
<doc id="19304398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304398" title="Dasymutilla gloriosa">
Dasymutilla gloriosa

The Thistledown Velvet Ant is a member of the "Dasymutilla" genus. The female is flightless while the male retains its wings. It ranges from Utah, Nevada, California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and south into Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19304402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304402" title="Shyamsila">
Shyamsila

Shyamsila is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2793.
References.
300

</doc>
<doc id="19304424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304424" title="Mandalay Technological University">
Mandalay Technological University

Mandalay Technological University (MTU) (, , formerly, the Mandalay Institute of Technology (MIT)), in Patheingyi, Mandalay, is a senior engineering university in Myanmar. The university offers undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate programs in engineering disciplines to students from Upper Myanmar. It maintains an annual student intake of at least 300.
As MTU offers only a few doctoral and postgraduate programs, students have to go to Yangon Technological University or abroad for doctoral and postgraduate programs.
History.
The university was founded as the Mandalay Institute of Technology on 1 October 1991 and became the second senior engineering university to be founded in the country.
Programs.
The university's main offerings are six-year bachelor's and two-year master's degree programs. Two-thirds of nearly 7500 students who graduated between 1997 and 2004 received bachelor's degrees and 7.3% received master's.
Engineering.
The following one-year postgraduate diploma, two-year master's and doctoral programs are offered in applied sciences.
Departments.
The MTU is organized as follows:
Engineering departments.
MTU's engineering departments are as follows:
Academic departments.
The academic departments are:
Research departments.
The research departments are:
Supporting departments.
Supporting departments are:
Undergraduate diplomas.
The university also offers one-year Diploma in Technology degrees in the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19304425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304425" title="Siddheswor, Kosi">
Siddheswor, Kosi

Siddheswor is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3390 persons living in 630 individual households. Two major bazaars are Dama on the northwest ridge, where the secondary school is located, and Mandre in the eastern valley where the middle school is located.

</doc>
<doc id="19304435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304435" title="Sindrang">
Sindrang

Sindrang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1466 persons living in 291 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304440" title="Where Is My Man">
Where Is My Man

"Where Is My Man" is a song from 1983 by the American singer and actress Eartha Kitt, which appeared on her 1984 album "I Love Men"
The song was co-written by comedy writer Bruce Vilanch along with musicians and producers Fred Zarr and Jacques Morali.
The song was first released in France as a single where it was wildly successful. The song features Kitt singing in a low, seductive-sounding voice. Included in the song are some sounds that have come to be associated with Kitt, including a purring sound similar to one she made while portraying Catwoman on the 1960s TV series "Batman". The lyrics to the song detail specific things the singer expects to receive from her future lover, such as a trip to Saint-Tropez and shopping at Tiffany's.
The title failed to find release in the United States until the producers' attorneys (the firm of Grubman, Indursky, Shindler) introduced the title to their client, New York based Streetwise Records. Streetwise Records released the title in late 1983 in the United States to the dance and club markets. It was Kitt's first recording released in the United States after her ostracism and self-imposed exile to Paris following her outspoken objection to the Vietnam War at a White House function in 1968, and it became her biggest-selling single in 30 years. 
In the United Kingdom, "Where Is My Man" reached the Top 40 on the UK Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 36.
This was her first UK Hit single in 28 years, the previous chart entry, "Under The Bridges of Paris" dating from 1955. 
The single was also a hit in dance clubs around the world peaking at number 5 in Sweden and number 22 in Netherlands. In the US, the song made the Top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart, peaking at number 7 and remaining on the survey for 14 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19304443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304443" title="Favorite Hymns">
Favorite Hymns

Favorite Hymns is the 45th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1989 (see 1989 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19304444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304444" title="Federal Aviation Act of 1958">
Federal Aviation Act of 1958

The Federal Aviation Act of 1958 was an act of the United States Congress, (signed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower), that created the Federal Aviation Agency (later the Federal Aviation Administration or the FAA) and abolished its predecessor, the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA). The act empowered the FAA to oversee and regulate safety in the airline industry and the use of American airspace by both military aircraft and civilian aircraft.
Background.
Aviation in the United States was unregulated until the Air Commerce Act became law in 1926. The Act created an Aeronautic Branch within the United States Department of Commerce with regulatory powers over civil aviation. Among the functions the Aeronautic Branch performed were pilot testing and licensing, issuing aircraft airworthiness certificates, establishing and enforcing safety regulations. The agency was also responsible for establishing airways and operating and maintaining aids to air navigation, in addition to investigating accidents and incidents.
In 1934, the Aeronautics Branch was renamed the Bureau of Air Commerce. In 1936 the Bureau took over air traffic control centers previously operated by commercial airlines, and began to expand the air traffic control system.
In 1938, the Civil Aeronautics Act moved oversight of non-military aviation into a new, independent agency, the Civil Aeronautics Authority. The new agency gained the authority the power to regulate fares and routes for commercial airlines. Another change followed in 1940, with CAA's authority being split. The CAA continued to have authority for air traffic control, safety, and promotion of civil aviation. The new Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) was established and had responsibility for accident investigation, as well as regulation of safety of civil aviation and pricing of commercial aviation.
A boom in the 1950s of aircraft technology and the airline industry crowded American airspace, and the regulation of air traffic was considered antiquated.
In 1956, President Dwight D. Eisenhower appointed Edward Peck Curtis as Special Assistant for Aviation. Later that year, Curtis was named by Eisenhower to head a commission to study the dramatic increase in airline traffic and to propose ways to deal with airplane traffic jams at airports.
From that commission came a proposal to create a new Federal aviation agency that would replace the Civil Aeronautics Administration and the Civil Aeronautics Board to consolidate air operations, modernize the airways and to make and enforce safety rules.
An ensuing series of plane accidents prompted the creation of the Federal Aviation Administration.
Mid-air collisions spur change.
On the morning of June 30, 1956, United Flight 718 collided with TWA Flight 2 over the Grand Canyon, resulting in 128 deaths, which was at the time the largest loss of life in an aviation accident. This high profile accident, which took place in uncontrolled airspace, raised public concern for airline safety. In 1957 Congress passed the Airways Modernization Act that established the Airways Modernization Board (AMB) headed by General Elwood Quesada.
Two subsequent mid-air collisions between military aircraft and commercial airliners, one near Las Vegas, Nevada (United Airlines Flight 736) on April 21, 1958, where 49 died, and one involving Capital Airlines over Brunswick, Maryland a month later on May 20 that cost 11 lives, showed further imperfections in the regulation of air traffic, particularly the need for unified control of airspace for civil and military flights. The day after the Brunswick collision, Senator Mike Monroney and Representative Oren Harris introduced the Federal Aviation Act. Two days after the Capital Airlines mid-air, a stopgap presidential proclamation was issued that 1) required military jet aircraft to fly by Instrument Flight Rules while in the civil airways below 25,000 ft. (later reduced to 20,000 ft.); 2) prohibited jet penetration swoops from high to low altitudes through civil airways. An exception was made for emergency jet-bomber and fighter "scrambles," which would be continued whenever necessary for the national defense.
Citing "recent midair collisions of aircraft occasioning tragic losses of human life," President Eisenhower announced the White House's support of the legislation on June 13. The legislation passed Congress and was signed into law by Eisenhower on August 23, 1958. Eisenhower appointed AMB Chairman Quesada the first FAA Administrator.
A Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) between the DoD and FAA on the Future of Radar Approach Controls in the National Airspace System, 14 December 1988, states that the FAA "determines the standard for NAS equipment and ATC facilities" and that the "DoD will equip facilities providing services to civil users so that the ATC service is transparent to the user." 
Codification and repeal.
In 1994 Congress recodified existing aviation legislation and the 1958 Aviation Act was repealed.

</doc>
<doc id="19304450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304450" title="Syamsila">
Syamsila

Syamsila is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2767 persons living in 517 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304454" title="Kevin Carter (disambiguation)">
Kevin Carter (disambiguation)

Kevin Carter (1960–1994) was a South African photojournalist.
Kevin Carter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19304458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304458" title="Heron Park">
Heron Park

Heron Park is located south of Old Ottawa South. Its boundaries are the Rideau River to the north, the Sawmill Creek to the west, Bank Street to the east, Walkley Road to the south.
The neighbourhood is divided by Heron Road but is considered all one neighbourhood. The city of Ottawa refers to the neighbourhood as Clementine, and the northern half of the neighbourhood is sometimes called Billings Bridge. The total population of the neighbourhood is 3,829 (Canada 2011 Census).
Features.
As well it includes the natural beauty of the pathways beside the Sawmill Creek.
Many neighbourhood businesses line Bank Street like the Blue Heron Mall which includes Farm Boy, Icheban Bakery, M&M Meats, Colonnade Pizza.
Community Association meeting are held on the first Thursday of most months at 7pm in the Community Centre at Heron Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19304462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304462" title="Taksar, Kosi">
Taksar, Kosi

Taksar is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4524 persons residing in 829 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304480" title="Thidingkha">
Thidingkha

Thidingkha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2293.

</doc>
<doc id="19304486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304486" title="Crown lands of France">
Crown lands of France

The crown lands, crown estate, royal domain or (in French) domaine royal (from demesne) of France refers to the lands, fiefs and rights directly possessed by the kings of France. While the term eventually came to refer to a territorial unit, the royal domain originally referred to the network of "castles, villages and estates, forests, towns, religious houses and bishoprics, and the rights of justice, tolls and taxes" effectively held by the king or under his domination. In terms of territory, before the reign of Henry IV, the "domaine royal" did not encompass the entirety of the territory of the kingdom of France and for much of the Middle Ages significant portions of the kingdom were the direct possessions of other feudal lords.
In the tenth and eleventh centuries, the first Capetians—while being the kings of France—were among the least powerful of the great feudal lords of France in terms of territory possessed. Patiently, through the use of feudal law (and, in particular, the confiscation of fiefs from rebellious vassals), conquest, annexation, skillful marriages with heiresses of large fiefs, and even by purchase, the kings of France were able to increase the royal domain. By the time of Philip IV, the meaning of "royal domain" began to shift from a mere collection of lands and rights to a fixed territorial unit, and by the sixteenth century the "royal domain" began to coincide with the entire kingdom. However the medieval system of appanage (a concession of a fief with its land rights by the sovereign to his younger sons, which reverts to the crown upon the extinction of the male line of the original holder) alienated large territories from the royal domain and sometimes created dangerous rivals (especially the Duchy of Burgundy from the 14th to the 15th centuries).
During the Wars of Religion, the alienation of lands and fiefs from the royal domain was frequently criticized. The Edict of Moulins (1566) declared that the royal domain (defined in the second article as all the land controlled by the crown for more than ten years) could not be alienated, except in two cases: by interlocking, in the case of financial emergency, with a perpetual option to repurchase the land; and to form an appanage, which must return to the crown in its original state on the extinction of the male line.
Traditionally, the king was expected to survive from the revenues generated from the royal domain, but fiscal necessity, especially in times of war, led the kings to enact "exceptional" taxes, like the "taille", upon the whole of the kingdom (the "taille" became permanent in 1439).
Chronology of the formation of the royal domain.
Reign of Hugh Capet.
At the beginning of Hugh Capet's reign, the crown estate was extremely small and consisted essentially of scattered possessions in the Île-de-France and Orléanais regions (Senlis, Poissy, Orléans), with several other isolated pockets, such as Attigny. These lands were largely the inheritance of the Robertians, the direct ancestors of the Capetians.
Reign of Francis I.
From the reign of Francis I, the concept of "royal domain" begins to coincide with the French kingdom in general; the appanage of the House of Bourbon however remains alienated.

</doc>
<doc id="19304490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304490" title="Thulo Dumba">
Thulo Dumba

Thulo Dumba is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2604 persons living in 537 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304493" title="The Bridges (band)">
The Bridges (band)

The Bridges is an American folk rock band that formed in Oxford, Alabama in 2005 consisting of cousins and siblings Brittany Painter (lead vocals/acoustic guitar), Natalie Byrd (keyboard/ rhythm guitar), Stacey Byrd (lead guitar), Issaca Byrd (bass guitar), and Jeremy Byrd (drums). The group released their debut studio album "Limits of the Sky" on June 10, 2008.
History.
The seeds for the band began to take root in 2002, when Brittany Painter moved to Oxford from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, during her senior year of high school to live with the Byrds and eventually began an acoustic band with her cousins Stacey and Natalie as Long Story Short playing in coffeehouses and church functions, until 2005 when Jeremy and Issaca Byrd joined and changed their sound and direction. They then decided to pool their The Beatles, Crosby, Stills and Nash, Ryan Adams, and Fleetwood Mac influences and well as the Byrds' gospel background into their music and promptly changed their name to The Bridges. Tours with Rooney, The Bangles, and Matthew Sweet brought them to the Verve Forecast label, who released their debut album "Limits of the Sky".
The Bridges released an independent EP in December 2010 entitled "Our Monster." Recorded in Nashville, TN (where they moved in 2009) with Ian Fitchuk and Justin Loucks.

</doc>
<doc id="19304500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304500" title="Timma">
Timma

Timma is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3336 persons living in 621 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304512" title="Tiwari Bhanjyang">
Tiwari Bhanjyang

Tiwari Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3004 persons living in 534 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304517" title="Princess of Gossip">
Princess of Gossip

Princess of Gossip is a Young Adult novel by Sabrina Bryan (The Cheetah Girls, Dancing with the Stars) and Julia DeVillers (How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller). The book, published by MTV/Simon & Schuster was released on October 7 and sold out on Amazon.com on the first day.
Plot.
"Princess of Gossip" tells the story of Avery Johnson, a fourteen-year-old high school freshman who just moved from Ohio to Southern California. While on MySpace, she is mistaken as a rising pop star's assistant. She scores an invite to a Hollywood Party and snaps a photo of a young starlet and her secret new beau. Finding this information too juicy to keep to herself, she starts a blog, the Princess of Gossip, and posts the story. 
Overnight, she becomes the newest go-to girl for gossip. Designers are sending her priceless dresses, and she's getting the inside scoop on all things celebrity. When Avery shows up at school in her exclusive fashion swag, even Cecilia, the most popular girl in their class, takes notice. She begins to get jelous.
Then celebutante playboy Beckett Howard sees Avery wearing one of his father's designs and asks her out. The Princess of Gossip's true identity is still a secret, but when the paparazzi catch Avery and Beckett on a date, Cecilia gets even more jealous. There's only room for only one it girl at school. Can the Princess of Gossip hold onto her crown?
Official Site.
The official website, PrincessOfGossip.Ning.com, launched on September 8, 2008. Built on the Ning platform, the site is also a social network which allows users to create their own page and interact with other users. Perhaps the most innovative feature of the website is the character profiles. Visitors can interact with 8 characters from the book and the two co-authors through their own personal pages, the site chat room and through each character's blog entry. Each character has their own online "life" complete with Facebook, MySpace, and Twitter accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="19304518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304518" title="Harold Davies (rugby player)">
Harold Davies (rugby player)

Harold Davies (5 December 1898 – 2 March 1976) was a Welsh rugby union player who represented Wales and the British Lions. Davies played club rugby for Newport and captained the team in the 1925/26 season.
Rugby career.
Davies was first chosen to represent Wales in the 1922 Five Nations Championship game against France, but was replaced shortly before kick off, along with Swansea's Frank Palmer, by Cliff Richards and Islwyn Evans. Davies was selected on one occasion in 1924 to represent Wales in an infamous game against Scotland at Inverleith. Wales was completely outclassed letting in eight tries. Although Davies was never selected to play for Wales again he was chosen to represent the British Lions in their 1924 tour of South Africa. The 1924 tour was notorious for the amount of injuries suffered by the tourists, and Davies was called out at the late in the tour as a replacement. He played in just one game against South Africa, in the second test.
International matches played.
Wales
British Isles

</doc>
<doc id="19304524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304524" title="Tunggochha">
Tunggochha

Tunggochha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2446 persons living in 421 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304525" title="Aghada">
Aghada

Aghada () is a small fishing town situated on the south-east coast of Cork in County Cork, Ireland. Aghada is the home of the Aghada GAA club. Notable people from the area include Cork Gaelic Football manager, Conor Counihan, footballers Pearse O'Neill and Kieran O'Connor, and brothers Declan and Ciaran O'Shea of the rock band Cyclefly.
Aghada is also the parish name for the area. Aghada parish consists of several small villages and townlands including Saleen Village, Scartleigh, Rostellan, Farsid, Upper Aghada, Lower Aghada, Whitegate, Guileen and Ballinrostig. There are several amenity sites in the area, including Rostellan woods, Saleen Creek as well as a number of beaches such as Inch Bay, White Bay, and Guileen Strand.
Aghada power station was originally built in the early 1980s, and produced up to 577 MW through the burning of natural gas and diesel. An additional gas-powered 430 MW CCGT unit was completed in 2010, making Aghada station one of the largest power stations in the Republic of Ireland.
There is a Presbyterian church in Upper Aghada. During World War I the Royal Munster Fusiliers (Reserves) were garrisoned in Aghada, and there was a United States Naval Air Station in the area. William Cosgrove, a World War I recipient of the Victoria Cross, is buried in Upper Aghada cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19304528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304528" title="Hiroyuki Kakudō">
Hiroyuki Kakudō


</doc>
<doc id="19304543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304543" title="Yaku, Nepal">
Yaku, Nepal

Yaku (याकु) is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. It is inhabited mainly by Dhakal (श्रेष्ठ). However, a few other castes are also found. Yaku is also known to be birta of the shresthas. Even though it is a remote place it has produced a number of well known figures in Nepal including academicians, bureaucrats and politicians.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3086 persons living in 537 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304549" title="Gleb Verhovskiy">
Gleb Verhovskiy

Gleb Verhovskiy ( 1888, Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation – 1935 ) was a Russian Orthodox converted to Catholicism of Byzantine Rite.
Biography.
Gleb Verhovskiy was born into a noble family in Saint Petersburg. He studied at the Academy of Arts in jhis hometown and was a member of the artistic association "World of Art". In 1909 under the influence of Vladimir Solovyov turned to Catholicism and left Russia, to study at the Studite Scientific Institute in Lviv ( 1910 ), then in Enghien ( Belgium) under the direction of Michel d'Herbigny ( 1913 - 1914 ). In 1915 in Bulgaria was ordained a priest by Bulgarian bishop Michael Mirow in the Eastern Rite. Verhovskiy served among Russian Uniates in Saint Petersburg and attended the First Council of the Russian Greek Catholic Church, which took place in Saint Petersburg in 1917 and in which Andrew Sheptytsky appointed Leonid Fyodorov Exarch of the Russian Greek Catholic Church. From 1918 to 1921 lived in Lviv and Kiev. In Kiev participated in the Society of Saint Leo the Great.
Married, violating the canonical norms, later his wife and two children lived apart from him in Yugoslavia. In 1922 he traveled to Istanbul, where he preached among Russian Catholics. However, in February 1923 he left Istanbul because of disagreements with the Jesuits caused by different views on methods of promoting the Catholic faith among the Russian people. Then he was appointed rector of the Russian Catholic parish in Prague. In 1924 took part in the fourth Velegradskie Congress, which defended his views on privacy traditions and ways of the Eastern Churches of romanization and the inadmissibility of proselytism among the Russian emigres.
In 1925 Gleb Verkhovsky ministered among Ukrainian immigrants in the United States. He died in Chicago on April 11, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19304553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304553" title="Yangpang">
Yangpang

Yangpang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3120 persons living in 584 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304597" title="John Phelan">
John Phelan

John Phelan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19304664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304664" title="Xiangfen County">
Xiangfen County

Xiangfen County (; pinyin: Xiāngfén Xiàn) is an administrative district of the Shanxi province in China. It has an area of and has 500,000 inhabitants.
Taosi archeological site is in Xiangfen County.

</doc>
<doc id="19304674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304674" title="Steven Wishnoff">
Steven Wishnoff

Steven Wishnoff is an actor, casting professional and television producer who has twice been nominated for an Emmy Award.
Acting.
Television.
Wishnoff played Tony Masters, the leader of the gay gang on the HBO television series "Oz", from season two until the show's sixth and final season. 
Other television acting credits include "The Richard Bey Show", Mike Nichols's "Angels in America" for HBO, "Sex and the City" (episode 1), "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "Law & Order", "New York Undercover" and more.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118421/
Film.
Wishnoff's film credits include "Marcie X", Joel Schumacher's "Flawless" and "Stonewall" (the image of his character adorned Stonewall movie posters and soundtrack covers). Additionally, he was John Goodman's stunt and photo double on many film and television projects including Martin Scorsese’s "Bringing Out the Dead", Glen Gordon Caron's "Now and Again", "Coyote Ugly" and more. 
Stage.
Wishnoff is also an accomplished stage actor with many Musical Theater credits on his resume. Some of his onstage credits include Albin/Zaz in several productions of "La Cage aux Folles", Amos Hart in several productions of "Chicago", Vivian McVanish in the Drama Desk Award winning "Howard Crabtree's Whoop Dee Doo]]" 
Wishnoff was seen regularly in every major (and minor) Piano Bar/Cabaret in New York City as well as several in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and three cities in Norway. Regarding Wishnoff's portrayal of Amos Hart in the Boston production of "Chicago", Peter Filicia, a writer for "TheaterWeek" wrote:
""...Billy Flynn sings the line 'give them an act that's unassailable, they'll wait a week til you're available.' A smart producer would wait a year or two until he (Wishnoff) is available. ...this is as good a portrayal as I have ever seen."" 
He is also a musician and has performed music and directed quite a few productions and recordings. He was the Musical Director of "The Real Live Brady Bunch" at the Village Gate Theater in New York City when the original cast moved to the Westwood Playhouse in Los Angeles.
Producing, Writing.
Wishnoff has been the writer of the Los Angeles Area EMMYS since 2008. He was the Writer and Producer of ""LGBT Above and Below the Line"" for The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (featuring Billy Crystal and hosted by Bruce Vilanch), as well as The Writer and Producer of LGBT Youth in Television: Teens, Tweens and More!" (hosted by Kathy Griffin).Segment Producer of "T.V.'s All-Time Funniest" for ABC, Senior Writer Producer for "Court TV" (aka truTV), Supervising Producer (pre-production) for ""The Jazz Awards"", was the Senior Producer for "Nick at Nite" and "TVLand.com" and has written/produced for Kathy Griffin, Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams (among others).
Casting.
His casting and Talent Management/Supervision work has been seen in "The Foundation", "Celebrity Duets", "But Can They Sing", "The Word Music Awards," "Knots Landing Reunion: Together Again", "Stage Invasion", "Destroy, Build, Destroy", among others. He is the Talent Producer of the untitled Mason Reese Project for Burt Dubrow Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19304678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304678" title="Leo Christopher Byrne">
Leo Christopher Byrne

Leo Christopher Byrne (March 19, 1908 – October 21, 1974) was the Roman Catholic Coadjutor Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis, in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Born in Saint Louis, Missouri, Byrne was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood on June 10, 1933, for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis. On May 21, 1954, Pope Pius XII appointed Byrne auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis, and he was consecrated on June 29, 1954. On February 11, 1961, Pope John XXIII appointed Bishop Byrne the coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wichita, in Wichita, Kansas. Pope Paul VI appointed Bishop Byrne coadjutor archbishop of the Saint Paul-Minneapolis Archdiocese on July 31, 1967, where he died before becoming ordinary of the archdiocese.

</doc>
<doc id="19304681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304681" title="Zillah (country subdivision)">
Zillah (country subdivision)

A Zilā or Zilla or Zillah or Jela (Urdu: ضِلع, Hindi: ज़िला, ) is a country subdivision in Bangladesh, India, and Pakistan. It is translated as district.

</doc>
<doc id="19304682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304682" title="Ontario Northland Transportation Commission">
Ontario Northland Transportation Commission

The Ontario Northland Transportation Commission (ONTC), or simply Ontario Northland, is a Crown agency of the Government of Ontario.
ONTC operates the following public services in Northern Ontario:
In March 2012, the government of Ontario announced its intention to wind down the ONTC, discontinue the Northlander passenger train service, and sell off the corporation's commercially valuable assets.
History.
Early history.
ONTC traces its history to 1902 with the passage of the "Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway Act", which received Royal Assent on March 17. The Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway Commission (TNORC) would oversee the construction and operation of the Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway (T&NO). The sod was turned less than two months later by Ontario's Commissioner of Public Works, the Honourable Francis Robert Latchford, at Trout Lake on the outskirts of North Bay; North Bay also being the site of the "first spike" driven in construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) 20 years previous.
Building the 253 mile T&NO main line from North Bay to Cochrane was instrumental in opening this region of the province for development and settlement, with its construction being cited as the reason for the discovery of a massive silver deposit at Cobalt, as well as gold at Porcupine and Kirkland Lake.
Six years after construction started, the federal government's National Transcontinental Railway (NTR) main line from Winnipeg, Manitoba to Moncton, New Brunswick crossed the T&NO at Cochrane.
In subsequent years, the TONRC authorized extending the railway first into western Quebec's gold and copper fields at Rouyn-Noranda and, following World War I, in 1921, the TONRC began extending the T&NO northward from Cochrane to the shores of James Bay at Moosonee, where the T&NO "Last Spike" was driven by the Honourable Justice Francis Robert Latchford in 1932. The Commission also worked closely with sister provincial Crown agency, the Ontario Hydro-Electric Commission, in developing hydroelectric generating stations on rivers in the region, such as at Island Falls and Fraserdale.
New mandate.
In 1937, the Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway Act was amended, enabling the TNORC to operate buses, trucks, and aircraft in order to transport passengers and freight. By 1938 the Commission had acquired 11 buses. In 1945, the Commission acquired the Temagami and the Nipissing Navigation Companies.
The railway changed its name in 1946 to the present Ontario Northland Railway and the associated commission changed its name to reflect this. The use of the word "transportation" instead of "railway" in the commission's new name reflected an expanded mandate for the organization.
Enabling legislation in 1946 allowed the ONTC to acquire, construct, and operate boats, as well as hotels, tourist resorts, and restaurants. In 1960 it purchased a trucking firm, Star Transfer.
The railway is still operated today by the commission, which also operates other transport modes, including bus motor coach services along the Toronto-North Bay-Timmins-Hearst and Toronto-Sudbury-Timmins highway corridors, and a telephone and telecommunications company (Ontera). It formerly operated a regional airline named NorOntair.
End of an era: the ONTC winds down.
On March 23, 2012, the Ontario Government announced that it would begin to wind down the ONTC, citing increased costs to the government and stagnant ridership. Passenger train service between Toronto and Cochrane will be withdrawn and replaced with additional bus service, and all assets of the corporation will be sold off. No firm dates for these changes have yet been released.

</doc>
<doc id="19304708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304708" title="Edmund W. Pendleton">
Edmund W. Pendleton

Edmund W. Pendleton is an American research and development engineer, commercial pilot, and flight instructor best known for his work on the X-53 flight research program. He joined the United States Air Force Research Laboratory in Dayton, Ohio in 1980. While employed there, he conducted wind tunnel research leading up to the Grumman X-29, the X-30 National Aerospace Plane, and the X-53 aircraft programs. He was one of the original developers of the active aeroelastic wing concept, a novel engineering design approach that utilized wing aeroelastic twist to control aircraft at high speeds. He served as a program manager and chief engineer of the "X-53" Active Aeroelastic Wing flight research program from 1992 through 2005. The Active Aeroelastic Wing project received a NASA "Turning Goals into Reality Award" in 2004.
Mr Pendleton was also active in quantifying the effects of aerodynamics on the twin tails of fighter aircraft
Ed Pendleton attended grade school in Wayne Township, Ohio. After transferring, he graduated from Beavercreek High School, Xenia Ohio, where he played on the school's basketball and baseball teams from 1972-1975 After service in the U.S. army, Ed Pendleton earned his bachelor’s degree in systems engineering from Wright State University in Fairborn, Ohio in 1979 and a commercial pilot's licence in 1981.
He earned a master’s degree in aerospace engineering from the University of Dayton in Ohio and his flight instructor’s certification in 1984. In 1998, Ed graduated from the Defense Systems Management College’s Advanced Program Manager’s Course. In 2003, Ed earned a master’s degree in national security strategy from the National Defense University located in Washington DC. 
In 2005, he became involved in efforts to provide technology for an initiative entitled "Operationally Responsive Space". From 2006 through 2011, he has served as a project manager/engineer for an air/spaceframe development effort involving the integration of a low mass fraction, load bearing, cryogenic, composite, linerless fuel and oxidizer tank with lifting surfaces, thermal protection, and condition based maintenance under a Future Responsive Access to Space Technology initiative. This initiative will pave the way for increased the structural efficiency of future Space Launch Vehicles. 
Ed served for ten years on a NATO technical panel for aerospace structures and materials where he coauthored several papers.
Ed Pendleton has been a registered Professional Engineer in the State of Ohio since 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19304721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304721" title="David S. Loeb">
David S. Loeb

David S. Loeb (1924–2003) was the co-founder of both Countrywide Financial Corp and IndyMac Bank along with former protégé and longtime business partner Angelo Mozilo. Loeb served as President and Chairman of Countrywide from 1969 to 2000 and Chairman of IndyMac from its 1985 inception until his retirement in 2003.
Loeb graduated in 1943 from the Maine Maritime Academy with a bachelor's degree in nautical science and later served on the Academy's Board of Trustees. He was a benefactor of the Academy's Loeb-Sullivan School of International Business and Logistics. Maine Maritime awarded him an honorary doctorate in 2002. Loeb served as a navigator in the Merchant Marines during World War II. He received a bachelor's degree in accounting from New York University in 1951 and served on the Board of Overseers of the NYU/Stern School of Business where he endowed a Professorship in Finance. 
David Loeb was also active in real estate development. His Wingfield Nevada Group/Loeb Enterprises, LLC developed master planned communities including a development in Sparks, Nevada, called Wingfield Springs. 
Loeb died on June 30, 2003, at the age of 79 in his home at the Wingfield Springs community of Sparks, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19304727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304727" title="Tadeusz Fuss-Kaden">
Tadeusz Fuss-Kaden

Tadé was the name used by Tadeusz Fuss-Kaden (15 September 1914 – 16 November 1985) to sign his paintings as Tadé or Fuss or Kaden. Fuss was his mother's name and after an acknowledgement of paternity by justice his name was Kaden of his father.
He was a painter of Polish origin who gained international attention in the 1960s for his powerful abstract compositions made of plaster and resin on board, with strips and rounds of rusted tin cans embedded on the surface. Later in the 60s Tadé expanded his work by wooden sculptures looking like insects or mars people. In addition he started his typical design of Mediterranean houses.
In 1941 together with other Polish painters he renovated a ceiling painting of a chapel in Zuchwil, Switzerland and delivered 1942 a design for glass windows of a church in kanton Solothurn. 1947 there followed a mosaic work (Schwarzer Christus) in Bellach, Switzerland.
Group exhibitions.
Notable buyers of his paintings included playwright Samuel Beckett, pianist Artur Rubinstein, art historian Will Grohmann and entrepreneurs Burton Tremaine and John Delorean as well as collections in New York United States Galerie BING and Weintraub and Richard Sussman and La Rochefoucauld Duc D´Estrées.
Known purchases from art museums are Museum d´Art Moderne, Paris 1962, 1963 and University of Massachusetts, Amherst 1962.
Fuss-Kaden was born 15 September 1914 in Krakow, Poland, and was educated at Krakow University, the Institute of Plastic Arts, Warsaw, and the Academy of Fine Arts, Florence. After fleeing Poland in 1939, he lived in Switzerland, in Nice and in Paris. In Nice he won first prizes in 1951 and 1952 from the Mediterranean Union for Modern Art. In Paris he studied architecture and went on to design distinguished Mediterranean-Modern residences in Puerto de Andratx on Mallorca. He died 16 November 1985 and is buried in Andratx.
website:
www.fuss-kaden.webs.com

</doc>
<doc id="19304741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304741" title="Arti Mehra">
Arti Mehra

Arti Mehra was Mayor of Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) from 2007 to 2009. She was replaced by Prithvi Raj Swahney. She represents the Hauz Khaz ward in South Delhi for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). She was born in Nangal in the Indian state of Punjab, and graduated from the Miranda House. She had done a course in marketing in the United States. She had previously served as the chairperson of health committee in MCD.
In the Delhi state assembly elections, 2013, Mehra lost to Somnath Bharti of the Aam Admi Party by nearly 8,000 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19304758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304758" title="Average directional movement index">
Average directional movement index

The average directional movement index (ADX) was developed in 1978 by J. Welles Wilder as an indicator of trend strength in a series of prices of a financial instrument. ADX has become a widely used indicator for technical analysts, and is provided as a standard in collections of indicators offered by various trading platforms.
Calculations.
The ADX is a combination of two other indicators developed by Wilder, the positive directional indicator (abbreviated +DI) and negative directional indicator (-DI). 
The ADX combines them and smooths the result with an exponential moving average.
To calculate +DI and −DI, one needs price data consisting of high, low, and closing prices each period (typically each day). One first calculates the directional movement (+DM and −DM):
After selecting the number of periods (Wilder used 14 days originally), +DI and −DI are:
The exponential moving average is calculated over the number of periods selected, and the average true range is an exponential average of the true ranges. Then:
Variations of this calculation typically involve using different types of moving averages, such as a weighted moving average or an adaptive moving average.
Interpretation.
The ADX does not indicate trend direction or momentum, only trend strength. It is a lagging indicator; that is, a trend must have established itself before the ADX will generate a signal that a trend is under way. ADX will range between 0 and 100. Generally, ADX readings below 20 indicate trend weakness, and readings above 40 indicate trend strength. An extremely strong trend is indicated by readings above 50. Alternative interpretations have also been proposed and accepted among technical analysts. For example it has been shown how ADX is a reliable coincident indicator of classical chart pattern development, whereby ADX readings below 20 occur just prior to pattern breakouts.
Timing.
There are a lot of different systems that go into trading the ADX. Here are some strategies that are found to have some potential:
There is a buy signal when the ADX peaks and starts to decline when the +DI is above the -DI. With this strategy you would sell when the ADX stops falling and goes flat.

</doc>
<doc id="19304764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304764" title="R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital">
R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital

R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital is one of the oldest medical colleges and tertiary care hospitals of Kolkata, West Bengal in India named after the famous physician Dr. Radha Gobinda Kar, the founder of the institution.
History.
The medical school was established by Dr. Radha Gobinda Kar in 1886 as Calcutta School of Medicine. Dr. Jagabandhu Bose was the first president of the school. In 1887, the name was changed into Calcutta Medical School. The students were taught for three years, and the curriculum was in Bengali. In 1899, the construction of the building at the new location started, and in 1902 the Albert Victor Hospital, named after Prince Albert Victor, was opened.
After the death of Dr. John Martin Coates on July 10, 1895 Medical Association of India opened a 'Coates Memorial Fund' to raise money to open a college in memory of Coates. On November 29, a special meeting was convened to fix the rules and regulations of the proposed institution. The medium of the course was decided to be in both Bengali and English. Dr. Jagabandhu Bose was elected as the first president of the institute. College was established at 165, Bowbazar Street and was soon moved to 294, Upper Circular Road. The institute was formally opened in 1896, and the classes started in 1897.
In 1904, the hospital and the college merged and became known as The Calcutta Medical School and College of Physicians and Surgeons of Bengal. In 1916, it was renamed the Belgachhia Medical College. By 1916 all the departments except for the Ophthalmology Department were housed in the same building. In 1919 the college was renamed the Carmichael Medical College, to recognize the gift of Lord Carmichael. In 1933, the first Psychiatry Out Patient Department in Asia opened, the chairman was Professor Girindrasekhar Bose. In 1937 the first biochemistry department in the country was established, and in 1939 the cardiology department, also the first in India, opened.
In 1948, the hospitel was renamed R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital, to commemorate Dr. Kar.
Administrative History.
In 1918, a society named Medical Education Society of Bengal was formed for the better management of the institution. Sir Nilratan Sircar became its president in 1922 and remained in the position until 1941. Lieutenant Colonel Dr. Suresh Prasad Sarbadhikari was made the first president of the institution and Dr. Radha Gobinda Kar was its first secretary. In 1927, Dr. Upendranath Banerjee, an ex-student of the college was appointed as the first superintendent of the hospital. The Student's Union was formed in 1932, with Dr. Umapati Mazumder as the first president and Dr. Sudhir Chandra Moitra as the general secretary of the Student's Union. An ex-student, Dr. Hirendra Kumar Chatterjee was appointed the first Vice-Principal of the Institution in 1951. In 1958, the hospital was taken over by the Government of West Bengal.
Affiliation.
To cope with the increasing demand of the medical manpower, several other medical institutions were established by prominent personalities of Bengal during the British rule. In 1911, the government asked the private medical institutions in Calcutta to unite to form an efficient teaching institution and get it affiliated to Calcutta University. In 1914, The Calcutta Medical School and College of Physicians and Surgeons of Bengal authority came forward with a proposal to the government; the Secretary of the State agreed to the proposal with certain conditions.
The Calcutta University granted affiliation up to Preliminary Scientific M.B. Standard in 1916. The University granted affiliation up to First M.B. Standard and permitted for admission of 100 students in 1917. The college was granted affiliation up to Final M.B. Standard by the university in 1919. From then on, the institute was affiliated to the prestigious University of Calcutta until 2003 academic year.
From 2003, it is under the affiliation of the West Bengal University of Health Sciences, a recently created university by the Government of West Bengal.
Campus.
R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital is situated on a vast area surrounded by the East Canal Road in its west, Khudiram Bose Sarani to its south, the Circular Railway and Tala Railway Station at its east and Barrackpur Trank Road to its north.
Academic Building.
At the north-east corner of the campus the seven-storeyed Academic Building is situated. Academic departments like Physiology, Biochemistry, Pharmacology, Pathology, Forensic and State Medicine, Preventive and Social Medicine and Microbiology are there in this building. The Library and Examination Hall remains at the first floor. The office of the Students' Union and Doctors' canteen are situated at the ground floor. The Nursing college is also situated in this building.
Dr. M. N. Bose Anatomy Hall.
Just in front of the Academic Building lies the three storeyed Dr. M. N. Bose Anatomy Hall. At the ground floor remains the demonstration rooms, the cadaver preservation area and the dissection section. On the first floor are the departmental office, staff rooms and teachers room. There also remains the Anatomy Museum of the college where specimens of human anatomy are preserved. On the second floor, the Histology section and Dissection hall are present. The department's Lecture Theatre with gallery facility is at the ground floor slightly separated from the main arena of the building.
Autopsy building.
Just beside the anatomy lecture theatre, there lies the autopsy section of the college where post-mortem examinations are done under the supervision of the Department of Forensic and State Medicine. A morgue is also situated in the section to preserve the dead bodies.
Platinum Jubilee Building.
In front of the Autopsy section at the northern end of the college, a Platinum Jubilee Building is situated, which was inaugurated on 1 March 2011 by the then finance minister of the state of West Bengal, Dr. Asim Dasgupta in the presence of Sri Kshiti Goswami, the then Public Welfare Department Minister as guest-in-chief. Sri Anwarul Haque, minister of state, government of West Bengal, was presided over the programme. The building hosts a modern auditorium, two lecture rooms, principal's office, students section and accounts office.
General Sura Shumsher of Nepal Administrative Block.
In front of the Anatomy Building is the General Sura Shumsher of Nepal Administrative Block, where all the administrative work of the college and hospital are done. Here lies the Students Section, Accounts Section, Office of the Dean of Student Affairs, Principal's Office, Office of the Medical Superintendent cum Vice Principal and Principal Secretary's Office.
Surgery Block.
Just western to the General Sura Shumsher of Nepal Administrative Block, lies the three-storeyed surgery building, where six surgical indoors and an operation theatre (O.T.) complex are present. There are six operation tables in the O.T. Complex which are run simultaneously for elective surgical procedures. A Post Operative Care Unit is present in this building to handle the post operative complications of the patients.
Sir Kedarnath Das Maternity Hospital.
Southern to the Surgery Block is the Sir Kedarnath Das Maternity Hospital where the Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics is situated. There is an Obstetric Emergency Room which runs 24 hours a day, an Out Patient Department (OPD) complex where patients are attended on out door basis and an antenatal outdoor for physical check-up for antenatal mothers. The department is equipped with one Labour Room with 6 labour tables, radiant warmers for newborn babies and an observation room for assessment of pre-labour patients waiting for deliveries. In the labour room complex, there lies another observation room for pregnant women suffering from eclampsia. Two operation theatres are run whole day for gynaecological and obstetrical surgeries. There are also a post-operative ward, two observational ward for pre-labour mothers, one ward for infectious patients and one antenatal ward with bedside ultrasonography facility. A well-equipped Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for treatment of critically ill newborn babies under the supervision of department of paediatrics is in the building.
Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences.
Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences is east of Sir Kedarnath Das Maternity Hospital. This building was previously named Albert Victor Hospital but was reconstructed and renamed later. The well-equipped departments of Cardiomedicine and Cardio Thoracic and Vascular Surgery are situated in this hospital building. An Artificial Valve Bank, which is second in the country after All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, is being operating from May 29, 2011. A fallopian tube re-canalisation unit, the one of its kind in entire North East India is functional under the supervision of Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics for post tube ligation patients, who want to re-conceive.
Dr. B. C. Roy Memorial Casualty Block.
The eight-storeyed Dr. B. C. Roy Memorial Casualty Block lies eastern to Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences. The General Medicine, General Surgery and Orthopaedics Emergency Blocks are run 24 hours a day in its ground floor. The orthopaedics and the General surgery emergency rooms have one Operation Theatre each, referred to as Casualty Block O.T or CBOT. The Department of Radio Diagnosis with X ray and Ultrasonography facility and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Centre also lies in the ground floor. This building contains Departments of General Medicine, Ophthalmology, Pulmonology, Otorhinolaryngology, Psychiatry, Hemodialysis, Orthopaedics, Dentistry, Neurosurgery, Urosurgery, Plastic Surgery, Paediatric Surgery, Paediatric Medicine and Gastroenterology are situated here. It also contains a well-equipped Blood Bank which provides service 24 hours a day. There is one Post Anaesthetic Care Unit under the supervision of Department of Anaesthesiology to handle post-operative complication, one Respiratory Care Unit under the supervision of Department of Pulmonology along with one Neonatal Intensive Care Unit and one Paediatric Intensive Care Unit, both under supervision of Department of Paediatrics for critically ill paediatric patients.
Radiotherapy Building.
Southern to the Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences just by the side of Khudiram Bose Sarani lies the Radiotherapy building with an outdoor, a 40 bedded indoor, Brachytherapy and External beam radiotherapy along with day care Chemotherapy facility targeted to the patients suffering from cancer. In the fourth decade of twentieth century, cancer patients were treated here with Radium needle and Deep X-ray machine. In 1974, Telecaesium machine was installed. Telecobalt machine was started functioning from May 6, 2005. External beam therapy to patients is given with sophisticated Theratron 780E Telecobalt machine in this department. Theraplan Plus 3D Treatment planning system is also available here. The department also started the High Dose Rate Interstitial Brachytherapy using Bebig miniature Cobalt 60 source first in the world. The department has a future plans for installation of Linear Accelerator, installation of CT simulator with Virtual Simulation and construction of Mould Room, expansion of number of beds in the wards and starting of Tumor Board and Speciality Clinics.
Outpatient department complex.
Outpatient department complex is west of the Radiotherapy Building and south of Sir Kedarnath Das Maternity Hospital just by the side of Khudiram Bose Sarani. The outdoor facility of General Medicine, Paediatrics, Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Orthopaedics and other departments are situated here. . There is also an Integrated Counseling and Training Centre for providing counseling and anti-retroviral therapy to the patients suffering from Human Immunodeficiency Virus infections.
Abinash Dutta Maternity Home - the satellite campus.
The Government of West Bengal had turned Abinash Dutta Maternity Home into a satellite unit of the medical college and hospital on February 13, 2012. This hospital is located almost 2 kilometre away from the main site. The objective were to decongest the heavily burdened gynaecology and obstetrics department of R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital and to ensure the use of under utilised facilities of Abinash Dutta Maternity Home.
Institutional achievements.
First general hospital psychiatric unit in Asia.
The first Psychiatry Out Patient Department in Asia was started as General Hospital Psychiatric Units under Professor Girindrasekhar Bose in 1933. The state government was first approached for assistance in this endeavor by the Calcutta chapter of Indian Association for Mental Hygiene. It was proposed by the association that adequate room be made available in the state-run Calcutta Medical College for the clinic. The initial response was positive, but very soon it was made clear by the government that the time was not yet ripe for it. Thereupon, the association, under the leadership of Dr. Bose, persuaded the authority of Carmichael Medical College to allow it to open a psychiatric outpatient clinic in the college premises. It was agreed that the Association would pay for the expenses of the clinic. The college authority, however, lent some furniture and arranged for supply of free electricity. Dr. Bose made an advance of Rs. 867.50/- to defray the cost of furnishing the clinic and purchasing some essential instruments. The working hours of the clinic was between 8-00 AM and 10-00 AM on every Tuesday and Thursday. The medical officer-in-charge was Bose. He had two other medical officers to assist him: Dr. Bhupati Mohan Ghosh and Dr. Kamakhya Charan Mukherjee. Members of the staff worked on honorary basis. The sole exception was a part-time bearer who received a monthly pay of Rs. 2/-. Though the Out Patient Department clinic was opened on 1 May, the first patient was registered on the following day. The original case record of this patient is still preserved and displayed on the wall of the chamber of the head of the Department of Psychiatry of R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital. It is on record that 174 new cases attended the clinic during the first year of its existence.
Second artificial valve bank in India.
The institute started the Artificial Valve Bank, the first of its kind facility in the state of West Bengal and the second in the country after the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi on May 29, 2011. In this facility, functioning valves are taken from the dead patients or from postmortem bodies with due permission and preserved under special conditions to be transplanted later.
Courses.
Undergraduate medical course.
From academic session 2012-2013 the MBBS seats has been increased from 150 to 200.
Admission.
Undergraduate medical course.
Up to 2012 academic year, students were admitted for under graduate medical course in this institution after qualifying in one of the two examinations which are state level West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination conducted by West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations Board for 85% seats and national level All India Pre Medical Test conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education for the rest of 15% seats. From 2013 academic year, students will be admitted in this institute after qualifying single national level National Eligibility and Entrance Test Under Graduate to be conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education.
Postgraduate medical course.
Up to 2012 academic year, students were admitted for post graduate medical course in this institution after qualifying in one of the two examinations which are state level West Bengal Post Graduate Medical Admission Test conducted by The West Bengal University of Health Sciences for 50% seats and national level All India Post Graduate Medical Entrance Examination conducted by All India Institute of Medical Sciences for the rest of 50% seats. From 2013 academic year onwards, students will be admitted in this institute after qualifying single national level National Eligibility and Entrance Test Post Graduate to be conducted by National Board of Examinations.

</doc>
<doc id="19304775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304775" title="Limits of the Sky">
Limits of the Sky

Limits of the Sky is the debut album of folk rock band The Bridges.

</doc>
<doc id="19304777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304777" title="Christmas with Glen Campbell (1995 album)">
Christmas with Glen Campbell (1995 album)

Christmas with Glen Campbell is the 55th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19304790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304790" title="Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services">
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services

Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services is a bus service operating in Ontario by the Ontario Northland Transportation Commission.
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services operates inter-city bus and parcel service between Toronto (from Toronto Coach Terminal via Yorkdale GO Terminal) and locations in Central and Northern Ontario.
There are two scheduled routes running north and south between Toronto and Hearst; the Highway 11 corridor, through North Bay and Cochrane, and the Highway 400/69/144 corridor, through Parry Sound, Sudbury and Timmins. All buses have complementary wifi for passengers; available wherever a cellphone signal exists.
The bus service was suspended when a drivers' strike began on September 29, 2007. The strike left the train as the only public transportation available for many communities; bus service did not resume until December 11, 2007.
Divestment.
In 2012 the provincial government announced the divestment of the crown corporation citing it could no longer subsidize the money losing operation. The government has since cancelled the Northlander passenger train service from Toronto to Cochrane. However, then premier Dalton McGuinty vowed to keep the buses running after the Crown agency is sold off (the number of coaches in service has increased to compensate for the lack of the passenger train service).
Many Northern Ontario municipal leaders have expressed their fears regarding the divestment. They have indicated that the ONR provides a fundamental link to many remote and rural communities. They indicate that the government maintained its funding to the Go Transit network in Southern Ontario and it is important not forget about the important service the ONR provides to Northern Ontario residents.
Routes.
Coaches stop at the following stations. Additional flag stops are available along each route. 
Route 1:
Route 2:
Ontario Northland also operates three shuttle routes connecting to the "Northlander" and the "Polar Bear Express".
"Northlander" Shuttle (southern route):
"Northlander" Shuttle (northern route):
"Polar Bear Express" Shuttle:
Fleet.
In 1991, ONR acquired some buses from the sale of Gray Coach by Stagecoach Group.
Recent purchase of five:

</doc>
<doc id="19304803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304803" title="The Mole (Australian TV series)">
The Mole (Australian TV series)

The Mole was an Australian reality television series that aired on the Seven Network. It is based on "The Mole" franchise of programs that have aired in numerous countries. The sub-title for the Australian version of the show was a simple question: "Who is the traitor?". Its most recent season aired in 2013.
The series is a reality competition in which the contestants work as a group to add money to a kitty that only one of them will win. Among the contestants is one person who has been designated "the Mole" by the producers and is tasked with sabotaging the group's money-making efforts. His or her identity is unknown until the end of the series, when two genuine contestants take a final quiz in the final episode regarding details of the Mole. At the end of each episode, the contestant who knows the least about who the mole is, as decided by the results of a quiz, is eliminated from the game.
The series was hosted by actor Grant Bowler in its first four seasons, and subsequently by presenter Tom Williams, who filled in for Bowler in the fifth season due to a prior commitment on Bowler's part. The first three seasons all took place in Australia, but the fourth and fifth were set in New Caledonia and New Zealand respectively. The first season was produced by Mason Media Group. Seasons two to five were produced within Seven and Executive Produced by David Mason. The sixth season was produced by Fremantle Media Australia.
Format.
Contestants.
Contestants typically meet each other very shortly before shooting begins. However, in season six, contestants only met each other as a group for the first time upon completion of the very first assignment of the game, which saw them split into three groups of four, blindfolded and left at an unknown destination.
Unlike in the American version of the show, player alliances are quite rare and are considered, by many players in fact, cheating. Only the most informal, friendship-based groups ever took shape, and only in Seasons 2 and 5. Season 6 had many alliances formed, in part due to the fact that exemptions were now tangible items that could be traded freely and the introduction of freebies saw players using them as currency or bribes.
However, in season 2, it was revealed that after the Robbery Game in episode 4, three of the contestants had entered into an agreement that if one of them won the group kitty, $20,000 would be given to each of the other two, as long as none of them was the Mole.
Assignments.
Each episode features multiple assignments (called "challenges" in season one, and occasionally in the later seasons), of varying size and value, that are worth money to the group pot if successfully completed. Some assignments have penalties associated with them if they are failed. The assignments will alternatively require physical skill, mental acuity, keen strategy, or all three from the players for them to be successfully completed. In some cases, however, an assignment was not fully explained to all contestants, increasing its difficulty. In those cases, perhaps only selected contestants were informed of the full nature of the challenge, and must work towards a different goal than the rest.
There were often assignments that were based on extreme sports or otherwise appeared dangerous. Overcoming fears was often a theme behind some of these challenges. Some of the challenges from season four in French-speaking New Caledonia were also based on having the language barrier as a hurdle, and others in Australia and New Zealand in the other seasons involved the players needing the assistance of unsuspecting citizens in the cities where they were based in order to be completed (such as in the third season, in which there were no local contestants mainly due to the season being based in Queensland, an assignment required them to search for their luggage at an unknown location).
Some assignments require every member of the team to successfully complete their part for money to be won, while others will assign a value for each individual player to finish. The players are commonly told to separate into several groups, such as "leaders" and "followers," which determines particular roles for an assignment.
Assignments often have explicit rules designed to increase their difficulty attached to them, with monetary penalties from the pot assessed if they are violated. Rule violations outside the boundaries of an assignment can also cost the team money from the pot, though this is less common.
Quizzes and elimination.
At the end of each episode, the players took a computer test based on the identity of the Mole, asking questions such as "Who is the Mole?" or "What did the Mole eat for breakfast?" The player who scored the lowest on the quiz each time was eliminated (or, in season six, "terminated") from the game and immediately sent away. The length of the computer test varied by season; in season one the quiz was twenty questions, in seasons two and three it was ten questions in length, and in season four it was reduced further to six questions. Season five changed the elimination format slightly – the players would spend a weekend in New Zealand completing assignments and then return to the Seven Network studio in Sydney to take a live quiz and face a live elimination. Five questions were part of the live broadcast, such as "Who is the Mole?" and "What group was the Mole in for the first challenge?" while before the live portion of the show, five questions based on profiles, such as "How many brothers and sisters does the Mole have?" and "What city does the Mole live in?" were asked. Season 6 returned to a quiz of twenty questions similar to season 1.
The final quiz is normally double the amount of questions from the earlier quizzes (for example, in season six, the final quiz was 40 questions, the first ten of which were asked by Shura Taft, that season's host, and then the nine eliminated contestants in the order of their departure from the game).
Players can sometimes earn free passes, freebies (corrects a wrong answer) or exemptions through to the next round. In contrast to the American series, these are usually quite rare (they increased in number in season five), and the exempted player does not take the quiz. However, in season six, players who won exemptions would have to defend them in later assignments, or risk losing them. If there was a tie for the lowest score, the player in the tie who took the longest time to take the quiz would be eliminated. Sometimes, contestants are offered the chance to give up their free pass in exchange for a particular amount of money to be added to the kitty, however, he or she must still take the quiz. A host can reveal who is exempt from elimination before the process begins, as by then he or she would have completed the quiz by then (this happened in seasons 3 and 5). In this case, a contestant would have had to have bid money from the kitty to "buy" the free pass, with the highest bidder being awarded the exemption. As he or she has "already" taken the quiz, they can opt out of being eliminated by keeping the free pass and not adding money to the kitty, or take the risk of being eliminated by giving up the free pass and adding money to the kitty. In this case, that amount of money is therefore doubled and added to the kitty (e.g. a contestant who has bid $24,000 for a free pass could give it up and therefore add $48,000 to the kitty), with that contestant being put back into the elimination pool. In both seasons 3 and 5, the contestant has given up his or her free pass, and both succeeded.
In season 6 players can also earn "Freebies". If a player chooses to use, then an question that was answered incorrectly on the quiz will be counted as a correct answer.
Similar to "Big Brother", eliminated contestants are immediately isolated from the group, and then driven by car to a separate hotel that night, before flying home to his/her native state the following morning.
Seasons.
Season 1.
The first season of "The Mole" originally aired from 27 February 2000 to 24 April 2000. It was hosted by Grant Bowler and featured ten contestants, one of whom was the Mole, and a maximum prize of $200,000. The players started the season on the mainland of Australia, but their first challenge was to fly to Tasmania and land before the plane did – parachute jumping. The remainder of the season took place in Tasmania.
Season 2.
The second season of "The Mole" originally aired from 21 February 2001 to 25 April 2001. It took place in Victoria and was also hosted by Bowler. This season featured a unique first episode, one that started with sixteen potential players starting in groups of four from different places in Australia and needing to get to a designated hotel by a time limit. Along the way, they were presented with dossiers from members of another group, and at the hotel they all took a computer test based on general knowledge about all sixteen people. The six lowest scorers were eliminated, and the other ten, one of whom was the Mole, moved on to the rest of the season as normal. The maximum prize was again $200,000.
Season 3.
The third season of "The Mole" originally aired from 20 February 2002 to 1 May 2002. It took place in Gold Coast and was also hosted by Bowler. The maximum prize was $300,000. This season included as a challenge an entire episode of "The Weakest Link" (in which the contestants were flown from the Gold Coast to Melbourne), aired on 11 March 2002, where the money won would go into the group kitty and the winner of the game would earn a free pass through to the next episode. In contrast to the previous two seasons, this season did not dedicate an entire episode to revealing the Mole and the Mole's sabotages and clues, but instead simply a brief segment on the last episode of the season. This practice was followed in the subsequent seasons.
Season 4.
The fourth season of "The Mole", subtitled "The Mole in Paradise", originally aired in 2003. It took place mostly in New Caledonia, and was again hosted by Bowler, with a maximum prize of $500,000. This season featured two atypical eliminations. In the third episode, Cam appeared to be the third player eliminated, but the remaining players were all instructed to privately vote as to whether they would want him returned to the game. If even one person opted to do so, Cam would be returned to the game and $50,000 would be added to the group kitty. Exactly one player voted for Cam to return, and he did. Later, Petrina appeared to be the fourth player eliminated, but she was presented with an offer to return to the game if $50,000 would be removed from the kitty. She accepted this offer and returned.
Season 5.
The fifth season of "The Mole", subtitled "The Amazing Game", originally aired from 25 August 2005 to 28 October 2005. It took place in New Zealand and was hosted by Tom Williams, as Bowler was unavailable due to a prior commitment. This season introduced live eliminations after the produced portion of the program. This season featured a maximum prize of $500,000 and the highest actual prize of any of the five seasons as it was the only season the prize topped $200,000.
Season 6.
The sixth season of "The Mole" ran between 2 July and 16 October 2013, on the Seven Network, and was hosted by Shura Taft. Contestants were selected based on differing socio-economic backgrounds, religions, cultures and beliefs. This season took place across the Australian Eastern-Seaboard and had a potential pot of $250,000, though the final potential winnings turned out to be more than $1,000,000.
Awards.
Logie Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19304805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304805" title="Eat You Up">
Eat You Up

"Eat You Up" is Korean singer BoA's first English single, produced by Henrik Jonback, from her English debut album "BoA". This is BoA's first single to be released in a digital format. The song was originally set for release on October 14, 2008, but was then pushed back to October 21, 2008. It is confirmed that there will be a remix of "Eat You Up," featuring rapper Flo Rida. "Eat You Up" leaked on the internet via MySpace on October 2. "Eat You Up" was first released on Japanese radio stations Tokyo-FM and JFN 38 Station on October 16. 
Overview.
"Eat You Up" was chosen as the lead single from BoA's English album "BoA". The single was released online worldwide through digital distribution.
Music videos.
Two music videos were filmed for "Eat You Up." There was plenty of speculation that the two versions were for two different markets (America and Asia). Fan criticisms of Version B (thought to be the U.S. version) was generally poor while Version A (thought to be the Asian version) was praised. On October 27, 2008 SM USA revealed that they plan on using both music videos to promote the single. SM USA also said they never intended to use Version A for Asia and Version B for America, as they only labeled the videos as Version A and B. Version A premiered in Japan on Mega Hits on October 17, 2008. Version A was directed by Cha Eun Taek in Japan, Korea, and the United States. Version B was directed by Diane Martel in Los Angeles, California, Version A and Version B was choreographed by Misha Gabriel and Flii Stylz respectively. The other background dancers are Nick Bass, Kenny Wormald and Trent Dickens.
Version A.
The music video starts with BoA turning on a radio which starts the beat. She then walks over to the mirror, pushes her hair back and she puts on her bracelets. BoA wears a hoodie as the first verse starts she walks out the front door and starts to dance with the two dancers that were waiting at her door. At the start of the second verse a girl is doing ballet in front a group of judges. When the chorus starts again BoA and her dancers breaks down the door and proceeds to dance in front of the judges. Due to the intensity of their dancing they make cracks in the floor and cause a picture to fall from where it once stood. 
The scene switches when the bridge starts. BoA is dancing alone and then switches back and she is dancing by herself in the faces of the judges. When the chorus starts again things starts to explode such as a clock that was hanging from the wall, the male judge's glasses and books start to fall from the bookcase. When BoA starts to sing "I wanna take you to my room", a glass cup and the window explode. As the chorus ends most of the remaining windows break, the chandelier falls and a fire starts, which turn on the sprinklers. The video ends with BoA and her dancers leaving (as they leave BoA and "Eat You Up" are displayed), and the room is left in destruction.
An alternate version was released online. In the alternate version there are different camera angles, more of BoA dancing solo, and throughout the video there are extra shots of BoA sitting in a chair. The digital effects are not present in the video.
Version B.
The music video starts with BoA standing in front of a window in a high-rise building, showing closeups of her in while the scene progresses. The verse starts with her and backup dancers dancing on a deserted planet during the nighttime with intercut scenes of her singing in the high-rise building. There are scenes of her with wind-blown hair interspersed through the video with a light blue background. The second verse shows her singing to the male lead interest. It also shows her singing the second verse in a snow globe setting. 
She sings the bridge while dancing on the planet with her dancers with closeup scenes of her as well as a clip of the sun rising. The final chorus shows BoA dancing by herself with a wall of graffiti behind her as well as the deserted planet during the daytime as it is becoming more violent with winds blowing about. The video ends with her name BoA being displayed as well as the title of the song "Eat You Up."
Track list.
Digital single
U.S. promotional single
Chart performance.
"Eat You Up" was released online through various websites. The single has been very successful online, despite the lack of promotion. The single was ranked number-one for the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart Breakout Club Play. "Eat You Up" officially made its debut the following week on the chart at number forty-two. Since then "Eat You Up" entered the Top 10, peaking at #8.

</doc>
<doc id="19304813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304813" title="Burnetia">
Burnetia

Burnetia is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid in the family Burnetiidae, from the Late Permian of South Africa. "Burnetia" is known so far from a single holotype skull lacking the lower jaws described by South African paleontologist Robert Broom in 1923. Due to erosion and dorsoventral crushing, features of the skull are hard to interpret. Stutural lines are further distorted by the unusual shape of the skull roof, including many bosses and protuberances.

</doc>
<doc id="19304824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304824" title="Chesapeake Tide">
Chesapeake Tide

The Chesapeake Tide were a former professional Indoor Football team based in Upper Marlboro, Maryland. The team began play in 2007 as an expansion team in the Continental Indoor Football League. The Tide were the first indoor football team to be based in Maryland. The Owner of the Tide was Martin Johnson. The Tide played its home games at The Show Place Arena. Midway through the 2008 season the team was acquired by Messay Hailermariam. Hailermariam folded the team at the end of the season and founded the Maryland Maniacs. Despite playing in the same arena with the same head coach, the Maniacs are not a continuation of the Tide.
Franchise history.
2007.
The Tide's inaugural game drew in a crowd of 3,176 fans.
2008.
The Tide won the final game of their existence, on the road, against the NJ Revolution. The team was led by 7 touchdown passes from Quarterback Joe Urso, and RB/WR Darryl Overton's 4 total scores (3 receiving, 1 rushing)

</doc>
<doc id="19304853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304853" title="Tetracynodon">
Tetracynodon

Tetracynodon is an extinct genus of therocephalian. Fossils of "Tetracynodon" have been found in the Karoo Basin of South Africa. Two species are known: the type species "T. tenuis" from the Late Permian and the species "T. darti" from the Early Triassic. Both species were small-bodied and probably fed on insects and small vertebrates. Although "Tetracynodon" is more closely related to mammals than it is to reptiles, its braincase is very primitive and shares more in common with modern amphibians and reptiles than it does with mammals.
Permo-Triassic survivorship.
"Tetracynodon" was one of the few therapsid genera known to have survived the Permo-Triassic extinction event. Aside from "Tetracynodon", the only therocephalian genera known from both sides of the Permo-Triassic boundary are "Moschorhinus" and "Promoschorhynchus". The Triassic species "Tetracynodon darti" would have been part of the extinction's survivor fauna, a low-diversity community of therapsids and other land vertebrates. The Triassic species "Tetracynodon darti" is relatively small compared to Permian baurioids. This may be a possible example of the Lilliput effect in which small species are more common immediately after a mass extinction.
Phylogeny.
"Tetracynodon" was once classified among a group of therocephalians called scaloposaurids, all characterized by their very small size. Scaloposauridae is no longer recognized as a valid group because many scaloposaurid features are now thought to be characteristics of juvenile individuals rather than evidence of close evolutionary relationships.
In 2008, "Tetracynodon tenuis" was proposed to be a juvenile of the larger therocephalian "Lycideops", which is known from the same Late Permian strata. Since "T. tenuis" is the type species of "Tetracynodon" and the type species of "Lycideops", "L. longiceps", was named earlier than "T. tenuis", the species would be a synonym of "Lycideops longiceps" and the genus "Tetracynodon" would be invalid. Moreover, since the study found that "Lycideops" was not directly related to the Early Triassic "Tetracynodon darti", it suggested that this lineage of therocephalians did not survive uninterrupted past the Permo-Triassic extinction event.
"Tetracynodon" was included in a phylogenetic analysis of therocephalians in 2012 and was placed in clade Baurioidea along with many other prior scaloposaurids. It was found to nest in a smaller clade with "Lycideops" and "Choerosaurus", designated as the family Lycideopidae. "Tetracynodon tenuis" and "T. darti" were found to be sister taxa, meaning that they were a valid phylogenetic grouping and "T. tenuis" could not be a juvenile of "Lycideops". Below is a cladogram from the study:

</doc>
<doc id="19304865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304865" title="The Artwork of the Future">
The Artwork of the Future

"The Artwork of the Future" (German: "Das Kunstwerk der Zukunft") is a long essay written by Richard Wagner, first published in 1849 in Leipzig, in which he sets out some of his ideals on the topics of art in general and music drama in particular.
Background.
The essay is one of a series which Wagner produced in a period of intensive writing following his exile after the Dresden May uprising of 1849. It follows "Art and Revolution" and precedes "Jewishness in Music", developing the ideas of the one and prefiguring some of the issues of the other. 
Wagner wrote the whole essay over about two months in Zürich. He wrote to his friend Uhlig on November 1849, 'This will be the last of my literary works'. On this, as on many other matters in his life, Wagner was to change his mind. The essay is dedicated to the philosopher Ludwig Feuerbach, whose works (perhaps particularly "Principles of the Philosophy of the Future"), inspired some of its ideas. In September and October 1849, Wagner had read both Feuerbach's "Reflections on Death and Immortality" and his "The Essence of Christianity". Wagner's biographer Ernest Newman opined that Wagner's prose style in this essay and others was also heavily influenced by Feuerbach, who was 'constitutionally prone to the antithetical'; whilst noting that within a few years Wagner rejected Feuerbach's philosophy for that of Schopenhauer.
The title of the essay was to haunt Wagner; thereafter his opponents were to taunt him as a self-appointed prophet of 'the music of the future'.
Immediately following the essay Wagner dashed off a draft libretto, mostly in prose, "Wieland der Schmied" ("Wieland the Smith"), outlined at the close of the essay itself, which he thought appropriate as material for his ideal music-drama, and originally intended to develop for production in Paris. However he abandoned this plan, and the draft eventually became the basis for the first Slovak opera, "Kovac Wiland", by Ján Levoslav Bella, (produced in Bratislava in 1924).
Content.
Wagner begins, 'As Man stands to Nature, so stands Art to Man.' Man, or more particularly the "Volk" (the community of 'men who feel a common and collective want') creates Art to fill that want. Those who feel no want are outsiders to the "Volk" and crave only pointless luxury - true Art thus comes only from the atavistic needs of the "Volk". When luxury (by which Wagner implies base entertainment posing as true art - i.e. Grand Opera and its like) has been abolished by the "Volk" they will be able to join to create the Artwork of the Future.
Wagner goes on to talk of the three basic elements of art, which he lists as 'Dance, Tone "music" and Poetry' which were originally united in ancient Greek drama (as extolled by Wagner in "Art and Revolution"). Modern attempts to unite these give rise to the 'unnatural abortion, the Oratorio', and to the 'shameless insolence' of contemporary opera Only when these and other tawdry entertainments are swept aside will the Artwork of the Future arise.
This artwork will command all the arts - 'Architecture can set before herself no higher task than to frame' it, (an early prefiguring of the Bayreuth Festspielhaus). The Artwork of the Future will of course bring forth the Artist of the Future who will be 'without a doubt the Poet.' Wagner points out that it is a matter of indifference whether this be a word-poet or a tone-poet, perhaps hinting at exactly what sort of a fellow this Artist must be. However the "Darsteller" (translated by Ellis as 'performer' but perhaps meaning rather the 'purveyor') of the Artwork will be a communal matter, a 'fellowship of all artists'. In this communal aspect of the Artwork of the Future, Newman sees an anticipation of the Bayreuth Festival concept.
The essay closes with a précis of "Wieland the Smith".
"Music of the Future".
The essay is not to be confused with Wagner's 1861 essay, "Music of the Future" ("Zukunftsmusik"), (q.v.).

</doc>
<doc id="19304894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304894" title="St. Joseph's Academy, Dehradun">
St. Joseph's Academy, Dehradun

St. Joseph's Academy, Dehradun (or SJA) is a co-educational Indian Certificate of Secondary Education school in Dehradun, the capital of the state of Uttarakhand in India. Founded in 1934, the school is governed by the Society of the Brothers of St. Patrick (Ireland). It is located in the heart of the city of Dehradun on the main thoroughfare Rajpur Road.
St. Joseph's Academy, Dehradun celebrated the bicentenary of the Patrician Society and the school's 75th anniversary in 2009. The school has good results in the 10th and 12th examinations ICSE.
History.
St. Joseph’s Academy was formally opened and blessed on March 1, 1934 by Rev. Fr. Antanasius. Rev. Bro. A.M. Keogh was the first principal of SJA.
When SJA opened its doors in 1934 the roll-call was 21; in 1959, over a thousand students were attending the school. The school now has a strength of about a hundred times the number of students there were at the end of 1934.
St. Joseph’s Academy has an auditorium, built in 1984 and inaugurated by Mother Teresa. In 2004 St. Joseph's completed 70 years, to commemorate the occasion, the play ‘Peter Pan’ was staged.
Motto.
The school motto (Latin) is "Laborare Est Orare", which means "Work is Worship".
School song.
<poem>
How fair is the far spreading vale of the Doon
In clear sparkling sunshine or darkling monsoon,
But the spot we love best of the beauty spots there
Is St. Joseph’s the pride of the valley so fair?
She calls us to loyalty, honour and truth,
To wear Joseph’s lily in bright blameless youth,
And e’en to old age may her lessons remain,
To live our lives bravely and die without stain
Let our voices ring out o’er the Doon’s verdant vale,
In a jubilant shout, as we tell the proud tale
Of the name and the fame of the best school of all,
Of our dear Alma Mater and answer her call,
So Academicians in work and in play,
You’ll swiftly and happily pass each glad day,
Of the years bright and brief that will end all too soon
In St. Joseph’s the pearl of the vale of the Doon.
</poem>
Academics.
The school is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. The school conducts the standard 10th ICSE and the standard 12th ISC examinations.
SJA offers education from Kindergarten to Class 12th, with five to six sections in each class. Students have a choice to study Science or Commerce after Class 8th. SJA students have topped the country at ICSE (10th boards) and ISC (12th Boards) several times. Most recently, Bhuvanya Vijay was the all India ISC topper in 2013 with 99% marks.
Culture.
Events like the Sports Day and Cultural Week are as important as the Term exams.
The school has four houses :
The houses are named after former principals of the school.
Extracurricular activities.
The school has groups in debates (the DEBSOC), dramatics, dance, music, GK quizzes, and computer programming.
Cultural Week.
A multi-day event, it was first a non-competitive event wherein students performed in music, dramatics, dance, debate, and G.K. Quizzes to name a few. It was changed to a 3–4 days, inter-house competitive event in 1996.
Discontinued for a few years, a Cultural Week was organized on the 75th anniversary of the school, in 2009. Bro. A.J. George restarted the tradition of the cultural week and now it is a biennial event.
Sports.
SJA has teams for cricket, football, basketball, hockey, lawn tennis, table tennis, badminton, volleyball and chess. Students compete in inter-house events as well as inter-school events. The school teams have won inter-school competitions hosted by the Board as well as district tournaments, with players of the school going on to play at the state and national level.
Sports Day.
The Annual Athletics Meet has events ranging from short races (100m, 200m, 400m) to long races (800m, 1500m) to javelin throw, short-put, long-jump, high jump and relay races. Students participate in one of three categories - Sub-juniors, Juniors, Seniors. The final event of the day is the cycle race. The school awards trophies for individual performance followed by the inter-house shield; awarded to the house with maximum points on the day.
Student Council.
SJA has a Student Council consisting of 28 members. Council members are chosen by the faculty and principal. Members lead their houses in inter-house and inter-school events throughout the year.
First ranked day school in Uttarakhand.
In 2011 a survey was conducted by ‘Education World’ of 400 leading schools across the country, based on 14 criteria. Representatives of schools from all over India attended their awards function ‘India’s Most Respected Schools Survey Awards 2011’ which was held on 17 September 2011 at The LaLiT, New Delhi. The awards were given in the following categories:
St. Joseph’s Academy was awarded the First Ranked Day School in Uttarakhand.
In 2012 SJA had the best Boards result since 1934, in both the ICSE and ISC examinations. In the ICSE 2011 examination, out of the 249 students who appeared, 220 received distinctions, and 119 students secured above 90% with 98% being the school’s highest. In the ISC 2011 examination, out of the 209 students who appeared, 194 received distinction, and 79 students secured above 90% with 97.5% being the school’s highest. In the ISC 2013 examinations, former Head Girl, Bhuvanya Vijay, topped the examination on an All-India basis with a percentage of 99%.
Notable alumni.
The school has an official alumni association that has its own website.

</doc>
<doc id="19304902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304902" title="Fred Parkinson Holliday">
Fred Parkinson Holliday

Fred Parkinson Holliday DSO, MC, AFC (20 February 1888 – 5 March 1980) was an Australian fighter pilot and ace of the First World War. He shot down 17 German aircraft between his entry into the war and its end, making him the 11th highest-scoring Australian-born pilot of the war. He served with the RFC and RAF throughout, in the No. 48 Squadron. He was awarded the Military Cross on 26 July 1917 for a particularly successful encounter with five German aircraft, and was later given the Distinguished Service Order. He survived the war and returned to Canada, where he died at the age of 72.
A Sapper in the Canadian Engineers he was appointed a temporary Second Lieutenant in December 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19304910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304910" title="Merlyn (disambiguation)">
Merlyn (disambiguation)

Merlyn is generally an alternate spelling of Merlin, the wizard of the Arthurian legend.
Merlyn can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19304920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304920" title="Heinrich Albert Johne">
Heinrich Albert Johne

(Heinrich) Albert Johne (10 December 1839 – 5 December 1910) (pronounced YOH-ne) was a pathologist born in Dresden, Germany.
He contributed to the literature of actinomycosis and trichinosis and discovered a method of staining bacterial capsules.
He was instrumental in the introduction of meat inspection.
Johne's disease, a paratuberculosis disease of cattle he described in 1895, is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19304933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304933" title="Labidosaurikos">
Labidosaurikos

Labidosaurikos is an extinct genus of prehistoric reptile. It was 1.3 m (4.3 ft) long. The heavily ornamented skull of "L. meachami" measures about 28 cm in length. A second species of Labidosaurikos, "L. barkeri", has been described from the deepest part of the "Choza Formation" (upper part of Clear Fork Group) of North Texas in 1954 but has been questioned as early as 1959. It differs from "L. meachami" in having one less row of teeth in both maxillary and dentary. The material, however, is fragmentary.

</doc>
<doc id="19304953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304953" title="League for Democracy Party">
League for Democracy Party

The League for Democracy Party or LDP; () is a Cambodian political party that was formed on July 15, 2005. The party itself, however, was established on June 26, 2006. Its leader is Khem Veasna. The goal: "A Nation In Which We Live As It's Owner." The mission is try to put the 8 Mechanisms to reduce the Power of State so, the citizens can have their power
To reach it's end with knowledge building and critical thinking in mind, The League for Democracy Party has been active in conducting public forums for it's supporters and symphathizers, roundtable discussions, workshops, live shows and talkbacks on radios since 2006, as a result,more 2,000-hours vocal messages are posted in its website (www.camldp.org) and sold in its offices in form of CDs, memory sticks, and VCDs.
History.
The League for Democracy Party was formed on July 15, 2005 by a small group that had the same views to solve khmer social problems.
These founders filled up the procedure to establish The League for Democracy Party in accordance with the laws on political parties and also recognized and registered officially with the announcement of the Ministry of Interior, 792 ប្រ.ក. Dated 26 June 2006.
The League for Democracy Party was established in a difficult situation due to lack of human resources who dare challenge control selfish influence in Khmer society and poor budget as well as a propaganda dysentery maligned from a group of famous politicians efficiently as themselves as a democracy accusing us group sold its puppet party . Yet these obstacles can not divide or inhibits our strong commitment because we have special properties those who have no integrity pure heart want to really help our citizens and have a clear vision to solve social problems that those politicians no attention or not. We have clearly defined source of all problems in Khmer society since the beginning until now is The Collected Power that cause loss of power balance between ruler and people who are country and power owners cause every ruler in every generation uses power abuse without caring and responsibility and there is a reason for our citizens as well .
For commune council election in 2012, the LDP won eight commune council seats. This was nothing compared with the five larger parties’ wins — from the CPP’s 8,000 seats down to the Norodom Ranariddh Party’s 52 – but the LDP’s tally still set it apart from the other small parties, which won at most one seat.
Best known political and social quotes.
"To revolutionize a society outright, we must change its people. To change the people, we must change their mindsets first."
"Since I was born to this world, the evils will find it difficult to prevail. But if I died of this cause, I would also die happy"
"We hold out an unequivocal signal that the dignified, civilized society doesn't tolerate your dirty deeds."
"When you keep your fingers on the pulse of politics, the politicians will stay on track"
Political ideologies.
According to the Constitution, all “powers” belong to the people of Cambodia as a fundamental tenet of democracy.since it wants to protect Cambodia's “sovereignty”. The party is considered left wing in its view since it believes that "all" Cambodians must live equally under the laws, as asserted in the party's common dream: "A nation in which we live in equity as its owners". In speeches of Mr. Khem Veasna, President of the League for Democracy Party (LDP), the ruling establishment has been enjoying their chic lifestyle above the laws, which has created all sorts of problems Cambodia faces today.The main strategy of the solution to the problems is to decentralize all the powers that have long been consolidated by the ruling party. This is to unburden the works of the top leadership of the nation and create new responsibilities for lower levels of the administrative system, which are to be directly elected by the people. In this regard, people choose their leaders and they are in turn responsible for the future of their nation.
However, the League for Democracy Party also believes that democracy is useless if the people are uneducated and ignorant. And that's why the main job of the party right after its inception is to explain the people thoroughly about democracy and purpose of life based on the Dharma, which is believed by the party to have long been distorted and embedded in Cambodia. If people know the purpose of life, the essence of democracy, they will choose their leaders at all levels wisely, stemming the tradition of demagogue of Cambodian politicians.
But Cambodians have been living under totalitarian monarchy since its history was first recorded. Cambodians have been left uneducated as historians have observed. Top decision-making is the job of politicians. The LDP's main work is to undertake an in-depth revolution of mindsets. The LDP believes that people are the owners of the nation and they should get involved in determining the future of the nation and take responsibility accordingly.
For long, Cambodians are lazy and less likely to take responsibility. Cambodians are accustomed to blaming leaders if they have chosen them wrong. They never put blame on themselves for choosing someone wrong. The LDP's work is also to push people to bear this responsibility. There have also been social scholars, who dared to reveal the characteristics of the Khmer, most notably Bun Chanmol, but those revelations have been rejected and ignored.
Yet the League for Democracy Party believes that changing the mindsets of the people is the onset of development and changing people's mindsets from wrong to right is the job of the leader. It also believes that it has the capacity to explain the people and media, highly restricted by the government, is the only channel it believes to reach out to rural poor.
Media is everything the party needs and it has long been fighting for this.
8 Mechanism.
This 8 Mechanism is to Reduce the Power of State so, the citizens can have their freedom, rights, and power:
After being very well absorbed with these 8 mechanisms, the citizens will join the movement of LDP to make them into laws.
To change their current mindsets and to build their mental capacity to analyze the exploiting words and attitudes of the opposition party with concret samples to ensure that when the people will not move from one current dictatorship regime to another new dictatorship one.
External links.
Social Networks

</doc>
<doc id="19304971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304971" title="Yeonpotang">
Yeonpotang

Yeonpotang is a variety of "guk" (Korean soup) which has a clear broth usually made with small octopus and vegetables such as daikon and napa cabbage. It is a local specialty of South Jeolla Province. The broth is made by boiling kombu in water. After boiling, the kombu is taken out and a whole octopus is inserted into the broth. Once the octopus is cooked, it is removed from the pot and cut into bite-sized pieces. The broth is seasoned with salt, minced garlic, sliced scallions, sesame oil, and sesame seeds, and is boiled together with the slices of octopus.

</doc>
<doc id="19304983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304983" title="Paraburnetia">
Paraburnetia

Paraburnetia is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid from the Late Permian of South Africa. It belongs to the family Burnetiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19304990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304990" title="Mark Schulte">
Mark Schulte

Mark Schulte (born October 4, 1977 in Brecksville, Ohio) is an American soccer player who last played for Carolina RailHawks in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.
He is a two-time USL Second Division player of the year and has played professionally in Iceland and Uruguay was well as with the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer. On January 27, 2010 he was ranked 10th in the USL Second Division Top 15 of the Decade, which announced a list of the best and most influential players of the previous decade.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Schulte attended the University of Dayton, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1996 to 1999. In 1998 and 1999, he played as an amateur with the Twin Cities Tornado of the USL Premier Development League during the college off seasons. He was named the 1999 PDL Defender of the Year.
Professional.
In February 2000 the Tampa Bay Mutiny selected Schulte in the fifth round (fifty-first overall) in the 2000 MLS SuperDraft. The Mutiny sent him on loan to the Minnesota Thunder of the USL A-League for the 2000 season before waiving him in 2001. He then played from 2001 through 2003 with the Thunder. Schulte also played for the Cleveland Force in Major Indoor Soccer League from 2001 to 2002. In 2004, he had an unsuccessful trial with Crewe Alexandra before signing with ÍBV Vestmannaeyjar in the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild (First Division). 
He returned to the United States and joined the Columbus Crew for the 2005 Major League Soccer season. At the end of 2005, Schulte moved to Uruguay where he signed with the Montevideo Wanderers of the Primera División Uruguaya, but saw very little playing time due to a chipped bone in his ankle, and moved back to ÍBV Vestmannaeyjar for the 2006 Icelandic season. 
On February 22, 2007, the expansion Cleveland City Stars of the USL Second Division announced that Schulte had become the first player to sign with the team. He was the 2007 USL-2 Defender of the Year. In 2008, the Stars won the USL-2 championship. Following the championship game, Schulte signed with the Minnesota Thunder of USL-1 on loan from the Stars. On February 3, 2009, Schulte signed with the Carolina RailHawks of USL-1.
Schulte was not listed on the 2011 roster for Carolina released April 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19304991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304991" title="Great Mosque of Nablus">
Great Mosque of Nablus

Great Mosque of Nablus ( "Jami' Nablus al-Kebir") is the oldest and largest mosque in the Palestinian city of Nablus. It was originally built as a Byzantine church and was converted into a mosque during the early Islamic era. The Crusaders transformed it into a church in the 11th century, but it was reconsecrated as a mosque by the Ayyubids in the 12th century. The mosque is located at the intersection of the main streets of the Old City, along the district's eastern edges. It has a long, narrow, rectangular floor plan and a silver dome.
History.
Local legend in Nablus claims that mosque was the site where Jacob's sons handed Jacob the blood-stained coat of their brother Joseph as evidence that his favorite son was dead. This tradition is more associated with the nearby al-Khadra Mosque, however.
The site of the Great Mosque was originally a basilica built during the reign of Philip the Arab in 244-249 CE. The Byzantines later constructed a cathedral on the basilica's ruins and this cathedral is depicted in the mosaic Map of Madaba in 600 CE. It was likely damaged or destroyed by the Samaritans during their raids in 484 and 529, but Emperor Justinian I (reigned from 483-565) had the cathedral restored. 
The cathedral was transformed into the Great Mosque of Nablus in the early period of Islamic Arab rule in Palestine, in the 10th-century. Arab geographer al-Muqaddasi wrote that the Great Mosque was in the “midst” of Nablus, and “is very finely paved.” The Crusaders converted the mosque into a church, but made only few alterations including the construction of an apse. In 1187, the Ayyubids led by Saladin reconsecrated the building as a mosque. The Knights Templar of the Crusaders burnt it in a raid in 1242. 
The mosque had apparently been repaired by the 14th-century evidenced by Arab chronicler al-Dimashqi who, in 1300, mentions the Great Mosque as “a fine mosque, in which is prayer is said, and the Qur'an recited day and night, men being appointed thereto.” In 1335, Western traveler James of Verona recorded that the mosque had been “a church of the Christians but now is a mosque of the Saracens.” Twenty years later, Ibn Batuta visited it and noted that in the middle of the mosque was a “tank of sweet water.”
In 1641, the Great Mosque's minaret was rebuilt, but the mosque compound had remained virtually untouched throughout most of its later existence until a severe earthquake struck Palestine, especially Nablus in 1927. The mosque's dome and minaret were destroyed as a result, but were restored in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19304992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304992" title="Louis Claude Cadet de Gassicourt">
Louis Claude Cadet de Gassicourt

He obtained a red liquid by the reaction of potassium acetate with arsenic trioxide. This liquid is known as Cadet's fuming liquid and contains the two compounds cacodyl and cacodyl oxide. 
Cadet studied at the Collège des Quatre-Nations and became a pharmacist at the Hotel Royal des Invalides in Paris.
Marie Thérèse Françoise Boisselet became his wife in 1771, at that time her son, fathered by Louis XV, was two years old. The boy was adopted by Cadet as Charles-Louis Cadet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19304997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304997" title="Lobalopex">
Lobalopex

Lobalopex is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid or mammal-like "reptile" belonging to the family Burnetiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19304999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304999" title="HMS Sepoy">
HMS Sepoy

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Sepoy", whilst another two were planned but never entered service:

</doc>
<doc id="19305031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305031" title="Celeste Beard">
Celeste Beard

Celeste Beard Johnson (born February 13, 1963) is a convicted American murderer currently serving a life sentence at the Mountain View Unit in Gatesville, Texas for the murder of her millionaire husband Steven Beard in 1999. She is Texas Department of Criminal Justice offender #1157250.
Background.
Johnson's biological parents are not known. She claimed that her adopted parents, Edwin and Nancy Johnson, physically abused her as a child and she made a suicidal gesture during puberty. At age 17, she got pregnant and gave birth to twins Jennifer and Kristina with her first husband Craig Bratcher. After their divorce, Johnson lost custody of her daughters.
Johnson married two more times before meeting Steven Beard while working as a waitress at the Austin Country Club. Beard was a retired Fox Network television executive and self-made multi-millionaire. His first wife died from cancer. Johnson moved in with Beard after he convinced her that he would help her regain custody with her daughters. After winning the case, the two began dating, though their relationship was kept in secret (with Johnson pretending to be Beard's housekeeper) until Beard's daughter discovered them in the same hotel room during the 1993 Super Bowl. They were married on February 18, 1995 despite him being more than twice her age and suspicions from Beard's family and friends and lived in a wealthy neighborhood in Austin, Texas.
Crime.
On October 2, 1999, Beard was shot in the stomach while sleeping at his and Celeste's home and died as a result of an infection caused by the open wound on January 21, 2000. Local police tied the shooting to Johnson's friend Tracey Tarlton. The women had met in a mental health facility, Saint David’s Pavilion, after Johnson threatened to commit suicide when she and Beard began fighting over her constantly spending his money on expensive clothes and jewelry for herself. Tarlton was arrested at her home six days after the shooting and charged with assault. The police thought there was more to the story when people who were interviewed said that Johnson had spoken negatively about Beard. Further building their speculation was her refusal to let them interview Beard during his hospital stay, oddly casual behavior after his death, and sleeping in a different room the night Beard was shot.
Despite mounting suspicion on Johnson, Tarlton remained silent, having romantic feelings for Johnson, until July 2000 when she discovered through a local newspaper that she had remarried after Beard’s death. Realizing that their relationship was a sham and none of what Johnson told her about her marriage was true, she told police just before her murder trial began in March 2002 that Johnson had persuaded her to shoot Beard, claiming that he had been emotionally abusing her to the point where she wanted to commit suicide and getting rid of him was the only way the women could be together.
Trial.
With Tarlton's statement, Johnson was arrested on March 28, 2002. In the trial, the prosecutors cited that she married Beard only for his money and her reason for wanting him dead was that he had grown tired of paying for her extravagant lifestyle and had threatened to cut off her credit cards and talked about divorce. Beard's accountant revealed that Johnson spent $321,000 during October and November 1999, followed by an additional $249,000 by December 10, and another $100,000 in the six weeks ending March 31, 2000. Prosecutors also felt Johnson never actually loved Beard due to their large age difference and his overweight, unattractive appearance. Further building up their case was Johnson's hostile relationship with her daughters, who claimed to have heard their mother make threatening comments about Beard. A friend of Johnson claimed that she hired her a month after Beard's death to kill Tarlton, which was dismissed as an attempt to cover up the crime. Other witnesses said they saw Tarlton and Johnson performing flirtatious and sexual acts on each other, showing the latter's manipulative and seductive personality.
Johnson's attorney, Dick DeGuerin, cited that she had nothing to do with the shooting and Tarlton, who he dismissed as an unreliable witness due to her mental instabilities, acted alone due to her obsession with Johnson, who denied making any sexual advances toward Tarlton. She cited an incident where Tarlton tried to kiss her while she was passed out during her daughters' high school graduation in August 1999. After Tarlton was arrested for drunk driving and Johnson bailed her out, Beard, already angry at the photos of Johnson and Tarlton together, demanded that she be kicked out of his life for good, but Tarlton continued calling and hounding the couple. Several witnesses were called who said they did not see any problems in Johnson and Beard's marriage. DeGuerin also argued that Kristina and Jennifer lied on the witness stand because they would have inherited a lot less from Beard's estate if their mother was not convicted and that they were the ones who actually hated him.
In 2003, Johnson was found guilty of capital murder and received a mandatory life sentence. She will be eligible for parole in 2043, when she is 80 years old, serving at least 40 years for the crime. Despite her conviction, she maintains her innocence and denies everything said against her.
In exchange for testifying against Johnson, Tarlton was sentenced to 20 years in prison, but released on parole in August 2011 and is now living in San Antonio, Texas.
Media.
Crime author Kathryn Casey covered the Celeste Beard case in her mass-market paperback, "She Wanted it All: A True Story of Sex, Murder, and a Texas Millionaire". Also, author Suzy Spencer wrote a book, "The Fortune Hunter", about the case.
The case has been covered in a one-hour show of Dominick Dunne's investigative programme, "Dominick Dunne's Power, Privilege, and Justice", and the crime series "American Justice" aired an episode on the case, titled "For Love Or Money." The case was also profiled on the Oxygen Network's series "Snapped" The CI network also covered the case in an hour-long show. Law & Order had an episode, "Obsession," during season 15, taking a headline from news coverage of the case, and on two Investigation Discovery Network's series "On the Case with Paula Zahn" and Deadly Women.
This case is covered in "Evil Wives, Deadly women whose crimes knew no limits", John Marlowe, 2009, ISBN 978-1-84837-367-9

</doc>
<doc id="19305035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305035" title="David Castell">
David Castell

David Castell is an American record producer, musician, and recording engineer based in Dallas, Texas.
Castell’s recording career spans nearly three decades; his work with many major record labels and independent labels alike includes both platinum-selling national recording artists and unsigned regional acts, and a wide range of musical genres.
He has been instrumental in career albums of Blue October, Burden Brothers, Course of Empire, Deep Blue Something, and SouthFM.
In spring 2008, Castell began production of the Toadies’ album "No Deliverance", which was released on August 19th, 2008, on Kirtland Records.
After two years of collaboration with DFW-based electronic band Shock of Pleasure, their first full-length album "Its About Time", was released on September 16th, 2008, by Universal Music Group, produced by David Castell.
Blue October's two disc set, "Foiled For The Last Time", features a re-release of "Calling You", also produced by David Castell. Castell has also been named as the producer of Blue October's forthcoming 7th studio album "Sway".

</doc>
<doc id="19305042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305042" title="Blackburne Thrush">
Blackburne Thrush

The Blackburne Thrush was a 1,500 cc three-cylinder radial aero-engine for light aircraft produced by Burney and Blackburne Limited. Burney and Blackburne were based at Bookham, Surrey, England and was a former motorcycle manufacturer. 
First produced in 1926 the engine was based on an earlier 1924 design with improvements to allow use on light aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19305046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305046" title="Vladimir Abrikosov">
Vladimir Abrikosov

Vladimir Vladimirovich Abrikosov (born on 22 October 1880 –died on 22 July 1966) was a Catholic priest of the Byzantine rite who converted from Russian Orthodoxy, and a member of Russian apostolate in the Diaspora.
Early years.
Abrikosov was baptized in the Russian Orthodox Church, but in his youth his attitude towards religion became critical. Abrikosov graduated from the 5th Moscow Gymnasium and historical-philological faculty of Moscow University, and also studied at Oxford. In 1905, married his cousin Anna Abrikosova. For five years the couple traveled to Europe, where he seriously interested in Catholicism.
Conversion to Catholicism.
In 1908, Anna Abrikosova converted to Catholicism and a year later, Vladimir. In 1910, Abrikosov returned to Russia. In his apartment in Moscow, they organized meetings of intellectuals, speaking to them on religious subjects and material support for poor Catholic children. Abrikosov's apartment was at that time one of the main centers of distribution of Catholic ideas in Moscow. In 1913, the couple taken novitiate of the Third Order of the Dominicans, in the same year, during a trip to Rome, they brought vows and became members of the Order, and they had an audience with Pope Pius X. In Russia Abrikosov practiced Latin rite, thinking back to the Byzantine when it receives sufficient development in Russia.
Ordination as Catholic priest.
In 29 May 1917, Vladimir Abrikosov took part in the Council of the Russian Greek Catholic Church and was ordained a Catholic priest of the Byzantine rite by a Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky of the Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church and in the same year he was appointed him rector of the Moscow Greek Catholic parish and head of the Moscow Dominicans.
Arrest and expulsion of Russia.
In 1920 - 1922 in the Abrikosov's house occurred interview between representatives of the Catholic and Orthodox churches, which was attended by Moscow intellectuals. Under the influence of Abrikosov, in particular, converted to Catholicism Dmitriy Kuz'min-Karavaev. Such activity was considered counterrevolutionary and on 17 August 1922, Vladimir Abrikosov was arrested and sentenced to death, but then the punishment was condened to perpetual exile. On 29 September of the same year, Abrikosov was expelled from Russia for philosophers' ship with the 150 largest Russian intellectuals.
Exile.
Abrikosov build contacts with various representatives of Russian emigre community, organized in Romea Committee of Russian Catholics, kept the Holy See due to the persecution of Catholics in Soviet Russia. 
In 1922 Abrikosov obtained an audience with Pope Pius XI to discuss the situation of the Russian Catholic Church. Soon after Abrikosov was recognized as an official member of the Congregation for Eastern Churches and procurator of the Russian Exarchate. However, Abrikosov faced accusations of being a Russian spy by a Russian officer, Baron Igor von der Launitz, a strong opposition of Michel d'Herbigny who wanted Abrikosov's resignation of his position inside the Roman Curia and conflicts with Jesuits. After Launitz's extradition from Italy, Abrikosov continued his work to abolish the Russian Exarchate when he left Rome to establish himself in Paris.
Death.
In the last years of his life away from the contacts with Russian immigrants, Abrikosov remained in solitude. He died on 22 July 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19305090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305090" title="Pakistani detainees at Guantanamo Bay">
Pakistani detainees at Guantanamo Bay

According to the United States Department of Defense, there were five dozen Pakistan detainees in Guantanamo prior to May 15, 2006.
The Guantanamo Bay detention camp was opened on January 11, 2002. In the summer of 2004, following the United States Supreme Court's ruling in "Rasul v. Bush," the Department of Defense stopped transferring men and boys to Guantanamo. The Supreme Court determined that the detainees had to be given a chance to challenge their detentions in an impartial tribunal.
On September 6, 2006 United States President George W. Bush announced the transfer of 14 high-value detainees from CIA custody to military custody at Guantanamo, including several additional Pakistanis.
On September 7, 2008 Pakistan's "Daily Times" quoted Hussain Haqqani, Pakistan Ambassador to the United States, stating that only five Pakistanis remained in captivity in Guantanamo: Ume Amaar Al Balochi, Majid Khan, Abdul Rabbani, Muhammad Ahmed, Ghulam Rabbani and Saifullah.
A sixth man, Qari Muhammad Saeed, was reported to have been released on August 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19305104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305104" title="Irouléguy AOC">
Irouléguy AOC

Irouléguy AOC wines (, ) come from Lower Navarre in the Northern Basque Country, France and are usually considered as part of the wine region of South West France ("Sud-Ouest"). They are named after the village of Irouléguy and are the only wines with AOC certification in the Northern Basque Country. Irouléguy wines are often referred to as coming from "the smallest vineyard in France, the biggest in the Northern Basque Country".
Currently about 550,000 litres are produced annually, with about 70% of production being red wines, 20% rosé and 10% white.
History.
The history of wine-making in the area goes back to at least the 3rd century when the Romans commented on wine-making in the area. It was boosted by monks of the Abbey of Roncesvalles in the 11th century who planted the first large scale vineyards to provide wine for pilgrims travelling along the Way of St James. Following the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659, the monks had to give up wine-making and the vineyards which were taken over by the local villagers.
During its peak in the 17th century, the Irouléguy vineyards comprised some 500ha of cultivated land. The production of wine had been boosted considerably by the then Viscount of Urdos who encouraged the locals to grow grapes even on the steep slopes. The 18th century saw relatively high levels of employment in the area due to increased mining activity, further boosting the consumption and thus production of local wine. But the following period was marked by constant decline and the vineyards were hit hard by the Great French Wine Blight in 1912 and by the 1980s, only some 70ha were still in cultivation. A cooperative was formed in 1952 under the lead of Alexander Bergouignan to rescue the situation and to work towards certification. The wines of Baigorri, Anhauze and Irouléguy were awarded AOVDQS certification in 1953 and Irouléguy was granted AOC status in October 1970. Today, some 210ha of land are cultivated again in the area.
Prior to AOC certification, a much larger number of varieties were grown, including "Kroxenta", "Pikapota", "Kamalua", "Mantzinga", "Bordalesa", "Erre Mantxaua" and "Pino beltza".
Location.
Of the 15 wine-growing municipalities in the Irouléguy region, only the following nine grow Irouléguy vines on a total of 210ha: Anhaux, Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry, Ascarat, Irouléguy, Bidarrai, Ispoure, Jaxu and Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa. 
The other municipalities (Aincille, Bussunarits-Sarrasquette, Bustince-Iriberry, Lasse, Lecumberry, Ossès, Saint-Jean-le-Vieux) grow other vines.
The vineyards are often located on extremely steep slopes with inclines of up to 60°. This has led to the development of special growing and terracing techniques by Basque wine-growers to enable the cultivation of vines on these slopes.
Wine.
Red grape varieties include "Bordelesa Beltza" (Tannat), "Axeria" (Cabernet Franc) and "Axeria Handia" (Cabernet Sauvignon), while white wines are made from "Xuri Zerratia" (Courbu), "Izkiriota Ttipia" (Petit Manseng) and "Izkiriota" (Gros Manseng).
They are cultivated on terraces between 100-400m above sea-level and although the soils vary, one of the chief characteristics of the soils in the region is a deep red coloration. This fact is mirrored in the name of the nearby town of Baigorri which is a contraction of "bailara gorri" "red terrace".

</doc>
<doc id="19305122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305122" title="River Suir Bridge">
River Suir Bridge

The River Suir Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the River Suir in Ireland. It was built as part of the N25 Waterford Bypass, and opened to traffic on the 19 October 2009, some ten months ahead of schedule. The Viking settlement at Woodstown was discovered during the project and the route of the southern approach roads was altered to preserve the site.
The 230 metre main span has the longest single bridge span in the Republic of Ireland, taking that record from the Boyne River Bridge on the Dublin to Belfast M1 motorway. By comparison, the main span of the Foyle Bridge in Northern Ireland is four metres longer.
Overview.
The cable-stayed bridge with its 112 metre tall tower, is a landmark structure for Waterford City and surrounding areas. The tower is constructed on the south side of the river. A series of “stay cables” fan out from the top of the tower to support the main span at intervals of about 10 metres. Corresponding cables fan to the back spans using the weight of the back span and anchor piles to balance the forces and “keep the tower standing straight”.

</doc>
<doc id="19305123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305123" title="Wilder Hobson">
Wilder Hobson

Wilder Hobson (1906–1964) was an American writer and editor for "Time" (1930s-1940s), "Fortune" (1940s), "Harper's Bazaar" (1950s), and "Newsweek" (1960s) magazines. He was also a competent musician (trombone), author of an history of American jazz, and long-time contributor to "Saturday Review" (1940s, 1950s, 1960s) magazine. Also, he served on the planning committee of the Institute of Jazz Studies.
Life.
Early Years.
Born in 1906, Hobson attended Yale University. There, he was a roommate of Dwight Macdonald, with whom he produced campus humor magazine "The Yale Record". He was a 1928 member of Scroll and Key.
Famed American documentary photographer Walker Evans captured Hobson and Agee on a Long Island beach during the summer of 1937, when Evans and Agee were visiting Hobson and his first wife Peggy. (The Metropolitan Museum of Art houses those photos, which are also available online—see "Images," below.)
Magazines.
Hobson wrote for "Time" in the 1930s and 1940s. After covering a coal strike during the 1930s, he helped lead unionization at "Time" and became the first head of "Time'"s Newspaper Guild branch. 
In October 1942, Hobson succeeded the late Calvin Fixx as assistant editor to Whittaker Chambers, then editor of Arts & Entertainment. Other writers working for Chambers included: novelist Nigel Dennis, future "New York Times" Book Review editor Harvey Breit, and poets Howard Moss and Weldon Kees. Hobson worked amidst the struggle between Soviet-sympathizing and anti-Communist staffers at "Time". Chambers and Willi Schlamm led the anti-Communist camp (and both later joined the founding editorial board of William F. Buckley, Jr.'s "National Review"). Theodore H. White and Richad Lauterbach led the pro-Soviet camp. "Time" founder Henry R. Luce came to support the anti-Communist camp before the end of World War II in 1945. Hobson, however, rode out the storm and even managed to write two books at "Time": a historical study called "American Jazz Music" (1939—see "Music," below) and a novel called "All Summer Long" (1945).
When Chambers received a promotion to senior editor in September 1943 and then joined "Time"'s senior editorial group in December 1932, Hobson succeeded to the Arts & Entertainment section. He hired friend Walker Evans to write reviews first on Film and then on Art (1943–1945). 
In 1946, Hobson moved to editorial board of "Fortune", where he worked until severe writer's block caused him to resign. 
In November 1950, Hobson became managing editor of "Harper's Bazaar" (then with a ciruculation of 340,605), replacing Frances MacFadden, who retired after 18 years in that position.
Later, Hobson joined "Newsweek", where he worked for a decade.
Hobson become a contributor to the (now defunct) "Saturday Review" during the late 1940s, the 1950s, and into the 1960s.
Later and Life of Verna Hobson.
Hobson was a heavy alcoholic and died at the age of 58 in 1964 of gastrointestinal hemorrhage in Princeton, New Jersey.
Hobson married his second wife, Verna Harrison (1923–2004), in the mid-1940s after meeting at "Time". At first they lived in Manhattan but moved to Princeton. Each year, they summered on Squirrel Island, Maine while playing in the Hennessy Five Star Orchestra. Mrs. Hobson worked 1954-1966 as secretary to Robert Oppenheimer, then director of the Institute for Advanced Study. After her husband's death in 1964, she moved to London and worked first for the American Association of University Women and then for the London branch of Robert Matthew, Johnson-Marshall, architects. In 1976, she returned to America and settled in New Gloucester, Maine, working for the independent weekly "New Gloucester News" and also helping to re-establish "The Squirrel Island Squid". In 1998, she became a photographic stringer for "The Lewiston Sun". In 2001, she moved to New Rochelle, New York, to live with her son Archie's family. Surrounded by family and friends, Verna Harrison Hobson died in hospice care on April 13, 2004.
Music.
In 1939, Hobson became the second American to write a major book on jazz, "American Jazz Music" ( A year earlier, colleague Winthrop Sargeant, a staff writer at "Life", had published "Jazz--Hot and Hybrid). Sargeant believed that the "swing" in jazz derived from complex African multi-rhythms adapted to relatively simple Western music. Hobson and Sargeant—both amateur, though well informed, jazz enthusiast—believed that jazz came from New Orleans bordellos, whereas in the 1930s European scholars like Robert Goffin of Belgium and Hugues Panassié of France had already ascribed (correctly) that jazz was a "vernacular-based art." 
Wilder's close ancestors were Maine "Downeasters" and he played summers on Squirrel Island in Southport with the Hennessy Five-Star Orchestra, which slide-trombonist Wilder joined in 1921 at age 15. Wilder's second wife Verna later became a tuba player. Family members still return, where, as of 2001, the Hennessy band was "still alive and well." Daughter Eliza Hobson became a jazz disc jockey and broadcast journalist as well as playing piano and guitar. A biography of "Time" colleague Weldon Kees includes a reminiscence of Kees on piano and Hobson on trombone in the Greenwich Village home of James Agee's sister.

</doc>
<doc id="19305134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305134" title="Charles Marsham">
Charles Marsham

Charles Jacob Bullock Marsham (18 January 1829 – 20 August 1901) was an English cricketer, who appeared for Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club.
Born in Merton College, Oxford, Marsham was the brother of C. D. B. Marsham, who was noted as the best amateur bowler in England. Marsham himself played in 38 first-class fixtures, scoring a total of 782 runs and taking 6 wickets. His best innings were against Kent; against whom he scored both of his half-centuries.
His obituary in the 1902 edition of "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" described him as "a fine and powerful hitter, especially forward". An original member of the Harlequins, Marsham died at Pall Mall, London in 1901, following a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19305145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305145" title="Allai Valley">
Allai Valley

Allai Valley is a valley in Battagram District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19305161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305161" title="Fox Sports Eredivisie">
Fox Sports Eredivisie

Fox Sports Eredivisie is a Dutch premium television service owned by Eredivisie Media & Marketing CV in which Fox International Channels Benelux (part of 21st Century Fox) has 51% share. The footballclubs (Eredivisie CV) together with Endemol own 49%. There are 3 channels available and are all part of the Fox Sports (Netherlands) premium network. "Fox Sports Eredivisie" holds the exclusive rights for the live matches of the Eredivisie, the highest national football division.
It launched as "Eredivisie Live" at the start of the 2008-09 season on 29 August 2008. Highlights of the Eredivisie can be seen on the national public broadcaster NOS.
The pundit team includes Jan van Halst, Mario Been and Pierre van Hooijdonk. Gary Lineker provides a weekly analysis of the matches, which can be seen on the website of Eredivisie Live. The website also offers pay-per-view matches.
Between the 2009-10 Season and the 2013-14 Season, Eredivisie Live broadcast the UEFA Europa League live on Thursdays. From season 2013-14 it switched to sister service Fox Sports International for matches of non-Dutch clubs.
The service rebranded into Fox Sports Eredivisie on 1 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19305173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305173" title="Sarakan">
Sarakan

Sarakan is the brand name for a range of oral health products owned by G.R Lane Health Products Ltd. 
Sarakan oral health products contain the natural ingredient Salvadora Persica which is more commonly known as the toothbrush tree. It has been used for centuries in the Indian subcontinent in the form of a chewing stick as a natural way to help keep teeth and gums healthy. The Sarakan range of products offers the benefits of Salavdora Persica in a user friendly format.
Sarakan Toothpaste is vegan, fluoride-free and is flavoured with oil of peppermint, clove and geranium. It contains no sugars or artificial colours and does not contain Sodium Lauryl Sulphate (SLS).
Sarakan Mouthwash is an alcohol-free anti-plaque mouth rinse which contains the same natural oil flavourings as the toothpaste, and an anti-plaque bacterial agent to get rid of micro-organisms in the mouth and help promote better gum health.
The history of the Sarakan brand.
Sarakan toothpaste was developed after a British Army doctor who was serving in India noticed that his patients’ teeth and gum health were comparatively very good despite the general low quality of nutrition. He discovered that many used a "chewing stick" to clean and massage their teeth and gums. These small portions of twig came from a specific shrub, Salvadora persica (the toothbrush tree), which is widespread throughout the Middle East, Africa and Asia. The doctor, on his return to the UK, decided to develop a toothpaste suitable for the European market with extract of Salvadora persica.

</doc>
<doc id="19305175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305175" title="Soothagel">
Soothagel

Soothagel is the brand name for a treatment gel for mouth ulcers, denture rub, gingivitis and painful gums, distributed by G.R. Lane Health Products Ltd (Lanes) in the United KingdomK. 
The gel, which is sold in a 5ml tube, is applied directly to the area with a finger or cotton bud.

</doc>
<doc id="19305201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305201" title="Khmer Neutral Party">
Khmer Neutral Party

Political ideology.
It believes in promoting a “pluralistic political system” which is a centrist political position where there’s democracy for people to express their own political views equally. There is also a combination of right-wing and left-wing ideology where the people of Cambodia are protected by making the military plans, border defences and economic plans of Cambodia more powerfully stronger while defending itself from external aggression meaning imperialism etc. It also supports liberalism since it believes in opposing absolutism and Genocidal regimes as well “liberty and democracy”
Political Activities.
The party also had a vice president called Sok Dyvathann busily “recruiting members” and “organizing the party structure.” It won “1.3%” of the vote behind the Liberal Democratic Party with “1.5%” of the vote in the 1993 Cambodian elections. It also constructed its “first provincial” HQ which was an “office in Kompang Chhnang .”

</doc>
<doc id="19305207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305207" title="Shaitani Ilaaka">
Shaitani Ilaaka

Shaitani Ilaaka ("Devil's Domain") is a 1990 Hindi horror film presented by the Ramsay brothers.
Plot.
A grotesque brougham stops in a dark forest and its cowled driver, Lalbai the sorceress, beckons to the bewitched passenger, a newly wed bride. Lalbai leads the bride to the "shaitani ilaaka" (devil's domain) where she is roused from her spell. The bride is sacrificed, screaming and kicking, at the altar of her "aka" (the "Shaitan", or great devil). Shaitan is an ancient and fearsome demon. Years ago, he roamed free and indiscriminately terrorized the local townsfolk. But he was ultimately defeated, reduced to a formless soul, and held, by a magic charm, to remain imprisoned forever within the "shaitani ilaaka". Lalbai brings him a fresh bride every Amavasya night. Shaitan consumes the blood of this bride, and grows stronger with each offering, until he can break the charm, restore all his evil powers and ravage the world again.
At the affluent home of rich industrialist Thakur, he has a wife, Roma, and their six-year old daughter, Anju. They have retained a governess, Shalaka, for Anju. Anju seems to be a happy child with one exception. She experiences strange convulsions and horrible nightmares every Amavasya night. Thakur decides to bring her to Dr. Yograj, a medical man who has attained Siddhi through rigorous spiritual training. Dr. Yograj examines Anju from a medical standpoint, but also notices strange telekinetic events when Anju is in his office. Later, at the home, he observes phenomena that strongly indicate a poltergeist. When he talks to Shalaka, she firmly snubs him. (Unbeknownst to the family however, Shalaka practices voodoo with Anju as the target.)
Dr. Yograj refers Thakur to a famed "Tantrik Baba" (wise man), recently returned from Tibet after an extended spiritual course, for help. Baba visits the home, inspects Anju's room, and immediately identifies it as the work of a malevolent "aatma" (soul). He advises Roma to remove Anju from the home, take her far away, and have her recuperate. This must be done at the "brahmakaal" (good time, when the powers of evil are weakest). Anju's boyfriend Deepak and their friends come together to take her away.
Shalaka is outraged at Anju's removal. She steps way out of line and demands to know Anju's whereabouts. Roma refuses and puts her in her place, whereupon Shalaka transforms into a hideous witch, Lalbai, and attacks Roma. She reveals she has served Shaitan for ages, and when Thakur's ancestors used various magic incantations to defeat Shaitan, she infiltrated Thakur's household as a governess. She hopes to use Anju, the living descendant of Shaitan's enemies, as the final sacrifice to liberate Shaitan. She intercepts Deepak and proceeds to attack him. But Baba arrives on the scene and engages Lalbai in a violent magic confrontation. Baba manifests an enchanted stake, and skilfully distracts Lalbai until Deepak drives the stake into her. Impaled by the charmed stake, Lalbai loses her mortal form and is transformed into a vulture forever.
Deepak and his friends successfully remove Anju to a safe haven away from the city. They take the opportunity for some rest and relaxation. Baba tracks down Lalbai to the "shaitani ilaaka". He uses his spiritual powers to summon her. When he discovers her intentions with Anju, he swiftly realizes Deepak and Anju must marry and consummate their matrimony as quickly as possible. Deepak and Anju are deeply in love and would marry anyway, they hasten the event and obtain a marriage license with Baba and others as witnesses.
Lalbai does not give up. She rounds up a bunch of henchmen, hypnotizes them as zombies, and through them, invokes her voodoo powers to summon (the now married) Anju to the "shaitani ilaaka" to be sacrificed to Shaitan. Deepak and his friends arrive midway through the ritual. They break up the evil ritual, beat off the zombies, and rescue Anju. Baba goes into the "shaitani ilaaka" to put an end to Lalbai and Shaitan.
Baba and Lalbai engage in another vicious battle. Lalbai reveals that Anju's blood reached Shaitan (during the botched sacrifice) and that Shaitan has recovered enough of his powers to be able to leave the "ilaaka" temporarily. Baba kills Lalbai in the conflict, but is immediately attacked by Shaitan. With most of his powers consumed in the battle with Lalbai, Baba ultimately succumbs to Shaitan.
Shaitan begins venturing out of the "ilaaka" and ravaging the village again. The villagers observe that Shaitan was resuscitated only after Deepak (and Anju) arrived. The frightened and ignorant village folk decide to sacrifice Anju (and tie up Deepak and his friends so they should not cause hindrance) to Shaitan, hoping it will appease the devil back into slumber.
The final confrontation occurs near the village square where Anju, lashed to a pillar, is used as bait for Shaitan. As the growling Shaitan gleefully steps up to exact his vengeance, Deepak breaks free and attacks Shaitan. Shaitan fends him off with a powerful blow that pitches Deepak halfway across the square into a "Kali mandir" (temple honoring Goddess Kali). Deepak snatches a "trishul" (holy trident of Kali), discovers it repels Shaitan, and ultimately drives it into Shaitan. The powers of Kali, channeled through the "trishul", destroy Shaitan and bury him deep into the ground for ever. The entire village is relieved with the blessings of "Mata" (another appellation for the mother Goddess Kali).

</doc>
<doc id="19305216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305216" title="James Herbert Jones">
James Herbert Jones

James Herbert "Jimmie Red" Jones (March 14, 1920 – September 1, 2008) was the Arkansas State Auditor from 1956 to 1980 the Adjutant General of the Arkansas National Guard from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1984.
Early life.
Jones was born in Magnolia, Arkansas, where he grew up and attended high school. He was a standout high school football player, and captain of his team. Jones attended Southern State University, where he played college football, serving there as a team captain as well. He played with Charlie McClendon, who later became the longtime head coach of Louisiana State University. After college, Jones attended the University of Arkansas School of Law, and Keegan's School of Radio and Television in Memphis, Tennessee.
Jones had a varied early work career, working as a store clerk, gas station attendant, and a "roughnecker" and "switcher" in the oil fields, before moving on to his long career in the military and public service. He was a very devoted son to his mother and during his late 1950ss when she was sick in a nursing home in Magnolia would drive each week the three hours from Little Rock to bring her her favorite dinner and sit with her for an hour or two and then make the long drive home to Little Rock. He developed a reputation for honesty and kindness, part of his political success. While he was State Auditor he drove older cars to conserve state funds and was always humble about his duties as a public servant.
Military service.
Jones first joined the Arkansas National Guard in 1938, but did not enter active service until October 1942. After entering active service he was trained as a bombardier and, at the end of 1943, was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army Air Corps. He commanded the 93 Bomb Group, and flew thirty combat missions with this group. In 1944 he was promoted to First Lieutenant, and in 1945 he was removed from active duty and put in the Officers Reserve Corps. For his combat service and valor he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross with Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Medal with four Oak Leaf Clusters, Joint Service Medal, European-African Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, five Bronze Stars and the World War II Victory Medal. He served as Commander of The American Legion Department of Arkansas.
Arkansas National Guard.
Jones joined the Arkansas National Guard at age 18, and remained a member for the rest of his life. He was made Adjutant General of the State National Guard twice after the end of his tenure as State Auditor. The first tenure was from 1979 to 1981, and the second was from 1983 to 1984. His path to becoming the State Commander of the National Guard was long and steady. In 1951 he was promoted to Captain and given responsibilities as the adjutant, communications, and motor officer of the 206 Tank Battalion. He was transferred to the National Guard state headquarters in 1961, where he was promoted to Major and given new duties. In 1967 he was again promoted, this time to Lieutenant Colonel, in which authority he served as State Inspector and Director of Supply and Maintenance, and, in 1971, he was promoted to Colonel. After his promotion to Colonel he transferred to the U.S. Army Reserve Control, where he served until being made Adjutant General. He reached the rank of Major General in this capacity before his retirement. He received the Legion of Merit and the Armed Forces Reserve Medal as awards for his service.
Political career.
Jones's political career began in 1950, with his election to the first of two terms as Columbia County, Arkansas Tax Collector. In the same time period he was a leading organizer in the Magnolia chapters of the Chamber of Commerce, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. During this time he also served as the Southern State College Alumni Association President and other community organizations.
Arkansas Governor Francis Cherry appointed Jones as State Lands Commissioner in 1955, a position he served for just over a year, before being elected Arkansas State Auditor in 1956. He was then reelected to 11 two-year terms before retiring in 1978. Jones served as Governor Bill Clinton's campaign manager in his 1982 reelection campaign, and remained a Democratic Activist, including serving as a major fundraiser for Clinton and the State Party. He died in Hot Springs, Arkansas at age 88.

</doc>
<doc id="19305218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305218" title="Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque">
Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque

Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque () is a mosque located in the city of Sayyidah Zaynab, in the southern suburbs of Damascus, Syria. According to Shia Muslim tradition, the mosque contains the grave of Zaynab, the daughter of ‘Alī and Fātimah and granddaughter of Muhammad. Sunni Muslim tradition places Zaynab's tomb in the mosque of the same name in Cairo, Egypt. The tomb became a center of Shia religious studies in Syria and a destination of mass pilgrimage by Shia Muslims from across the Muslim world, beginning in the 1980s. The zenith of visitation normally occurs in the summer. The present-day mosque that hosts the tomb was built in 1990.
Specifications.
The shrine is an example of Shia architecture and the dome is made of pure gold. There is also a large mosque adjoining the shrine which can accommodate more than 1,300 people in it and a further 150 in the attached courtyards. The grave of Zaynab is enclosed within a cage-like structure, found directly beneath the golden dome. The doors of the shrine are made of pure gold with mirror works on the roof and walls. The two tall minarets of the shrine are an excellent example of the architecture. The shrine has a large market in front of it with many religious things readily available.
The shrine is dominated by pilgrims until it is closed at 9 pm. The central management is Iranian with a few Arabs. The majority of the pilgrims are Iranians, Indians, Pakistanis and Bahraini, Lebanese, and Iraqi (Shia) Arabs. Sufis also visit the shrine. Prayers are led by Ayatullah Mujtaba Hussaini and Muslims from all ethnic backgrounds can be found praying there.
Minarets and the enterance gate of the holy shrine are covered with the best quality Iranian moarragh tile by the most famous Iranian traditional tile work and architect named master Ali Panjehpour.
Ali Shariati, the Iranian ideologue of the Islamic Revolution of 1979, had wished before his death, to be buried in the yard of his beloved Zainab bint Ali. His shrine is found within the compound of Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque and is regularly visited by mostly Iranian pilgrims.
Recent history.
On 27 September 2008, a car bomb attack took place on the intersection leading up to the mosque.
The mosque suffered damage in another attack in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19305228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305228" title="Lestes vigilax">
Lestes vigilax

The Swamp Spreadwing (Lestes vigilax) is a member of the "Lestes" genus, it grows between 42 and 55 mm. It ranges from eastern North America west to Minnesota, Oklahoma, and Texas, and to Georgia and South Carolina. It is most commonly seen between May and October.

</doc>
<doc id="19305235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305235" title="The Paras">
The Paras

The Paras was a 1983 BBC TV documentary series about British Parachute Regiment recruits of 480 (Training) Platoon undertaking their basic training between January and June 1982.
The series aired on BBC1 in November and December 1983. It was later repeated in 1984, with an update on the platoon members' lives in the last episode.
Written and presented by Glyn Worsnip, it was shot in the fly-on-the-wall style, giving the viewing public a unique insight to military life. The programme's timing could not have been better as it began filming just prior to the onset of hostilities of the 1982 Falklands War.
The series was accompanied by a book of the same name written by the principal researcher Frank Hilton 
The series was accompanied by a score of military music written and arranged by Conn Bernard.
Some of those recruits passing out in 1982 went on to have long and distinguished careers including Dean Ward and Rod Stoner.
In addition one of the platoon staff corporals, Al Slater was later killed in Northern Ireland whilst a member of the SAS. This incident and some of this involvement in the SAS were described in two of Andy McNab's books Immediate Action and Seven Troop.

</doc>
<doc id="19305264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305264" title="Ramblin' Rose (album)">
Ramblin' Rose (album)

"Ramblin' Rose" is a Nat King Cole album. It was released by Capitol Records in 1962, and features the popular title track.

</doc>
<doc id="19305267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305267" title="HMS Vidal">
HMS Vidal

HMS "Vidal" was a survey ship of the Royal Navy.
Construction and naming.
"Vidal" was built at Chatham Dockyard, and was the last surface vessel, and the last oceanographic survey vessel built at the Dockyard. She was also the first small ship designed to carry a helicopter. She was launched on 31 July 1951 and commissioned into service in 1954. In common with most of the survey ships of the period, she was named after an influential surveyor or explorer of the Royal Navy. In her case, this was the nineteenth century surveyor Alexander Thomas Emeric Vidal, who had surveyed much of the coast of Africa, and ranged into the Atlantic to survey the tiny islet of Rockall. So far she has been the only ship of the Navy to bear the name.
Career.
"Vidal" spent her career carrying out surveys for the Navy, and supporting scientific work for the British government. The development of the Cold War led the British government to decide to formally annexe Rockall. This was authorised on 14 September 1955, with orders from Queen Elizabeth II transmitted to the "Vidal" detailing On arrival at Rockall you will effect a landing and hoist the Union flag on whatever spot appears most suitable or practicable and you will then take possession of the island on our behalf. The "Vidal" arrived in position the following day, but were unable to land any men as poor weather prevented the helicopter from flying.
On 18 September 1955 at precisely 10.16 am, Lieutenant-Commander Desmond Scott RN, Sergeant Brian Peel RM, Corporal AA Fraser RM, and James Fisher (a civilian naturalist and former Royal Marine), were deposited on the island by a Royal Navy helicopter from HMS "Vidal". The team cemented in a brass plaque on Hall's Ledge and hoisted the Union Flag to stake the UK's claim.
The inscription on the plaque read:By authority of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of her other realms and territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith, and in accordance with Her Majesty's instructions dated the 14th day of September, 1955, a landing was effected this day upon this island of Rockall from HMS Vidal. The Union flag was hoisted and possession of the island was taken in the name of Her Majesty. R H Connell, Captain, HMS Vidal, 18 September 1955.
The plaque was still in place in 1997,when the rock was visited by Greenpeace protesters, but was found to be missing some years later - presumably a victim of the harsh weather.
The formal annexation of Rockall was announced by the Admiralty on 21 September 1955.
In 1964 "Vidal" carried the Chief Hydrographer, Admiral Sir Edmund Irving to Leningrad for talks with Admiral Anatoliy Rassokho, his counterpart in the Soviet Union. In 1967 she transported scientists and personnel to Diego Garcia.
The "Vidal" was broken up in Bruges in June 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19305272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305272" title="Time Flies (John Michael Montgomery album)">
Time Flies (John Michael Montgomery album)

Time Flies is the tenth studio album from American country music singer John Michael Montgomery. It was released October 14, 2008 on his own label, Stringtown Records, as his first studio album since "Letters from Home" four years previous. Three singles have been released from it. The first two, "Mad Cowboy Disease" and "If You Ever Went Away", both failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. "Forever", the third single, has become his first Top 40 country hit since "Letters from Home" in 2004, peaking at #28.

</doc>
<doc id="19305273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305273" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 60 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 60 kg

The men's 60 kg judo competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held on September 7 at the Beijing Workers' Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals, and the final were held at 5:00 pm CST.
This event was the lightest of the men's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 60 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19305276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305276" title="S.K.A.Y.">
S.K.A.Y.

S.K.A.Y. () is a Ukrainian Pop rock band. It was formed in 2001 in Ternopil, Ukraine.
History.
After the band had been formed in 2001 it started to tour the country and performed at several festivals like Perlyny sezonu, Tavriyski ihry and Chervona ruta. They became more known for a broader audience after their appearance on the programme "Fresh Blood" on the Ukrainian TV channel M1. The general director Eduard Klim from Lavina Music saw them and signed them to his label.
In 2006 their first album "Te, shcho treba" was released. They released their second album "Planeta S.K.A.Y." already in 2007.
The frontman Oleh Sobchuk in 2008 was awarded the medal of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate) "1020 Years of Baptism of Rus" for his participation in the rock-tour with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19305289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305289" title="An-Nasr Mosque">
An-Nasr Mosque

An-Nasr Mosque ( "Masjid an-Nasr" translated as "Victory Mosque") is a mosque located in the Palestinian city of Nablus. It is situated in the central square of the Old City and is donned as the "symbol of Nablus". An-Nasr Mosque has a turquoise dome and its prayer room is located in the second floor of the building.
History.
Originally, an-Nasr was a Byzantine church, and then the Templars constructed a small church which consisted of a circular building with a red dome during the Crusader rule of Palestine. The Crusaders lost Nablus in 1187 to the Ayyubids and by the 14th century Nablus was in Mamluk hands. The Mamluks transformed the Crusader church into the three-nave an-Nasr Mosque. The Ottomans built a government building adjacent to the mosque. An-Nasr was destroyed by an earthquake that struck Nablus in 1927.
The Supreme Muslim Council under Amin al-Husayni constructed the an-Nasr Mosque on the site with a completely different structural design in 1935. The reconstruction was supervised by Shaykh Amr Arafat, a resident of Nablus whose clan — the Fityanis — served as the mosque's waqf superintendents. The imam of the mosque is traditionally of the Hanafi "fiqh". According to Islamic tradition, an-Nasr Mosque is built on the exact spot where Yaqub (Jacob) was brought the "bloody and tattered coat" of Yusuf (Joseph) by his sons. 
In February 1998, violence in Nablus between Israeli soldiers and Palestinians that resulted in several Palestinian deaths occurred after Israeli soldiers squabbled with Palestinian worshippers at an-Nasr Mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="19305300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305300" title="Cambodian National Sustaining Party">
Cambodian National Sustaining Party

The Cambodian National Sustaining Party was created by its president Pen Sovann in January 1998 21st and held its first party congress.
Political Ideology.
This political party’s ideology is a combination of several ideas. One of its ideologies that’s right-wing is supporting and promoting “Nation Religion and King” “constitutional monarchy” and to “protect the constitution of Cambodia”. With the other part of its ideology which is left-wing is again promoting/supporting “women’s rights in society” and promote equal rights for women like men in both “political” and “social” roles. Another left –wing idea is promoting peoples interests in the present and future. The other part of its ideology is liberalism since the CNSP believes in “peace”, ”freedom”, opposition to ”anarchism”, “dictatorship” and prevent “starvation and poverty” in Cambodia and construct a “free and pluralistic democracy ”.
Political Activities.
The CNSP’s press secretary explained to a Cambodian newspaper called Phnom Pehn that the CNSP expresses an “appeal” for investigators from the “Human Rights Action Committee” to investigate the deaths of rival candidates like the one called Meas Soy of FUNCINPEC competing against Sam Rainsy and another called Uch Horn who was affected by political violence. This is because the Cambodian National Sustaining Party wanted to protect democracy and safety of political party candidates for a free and fair 2002 February election.

</doc>
<doc id="19305309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305309" title="Telford Titans">
Telford Titans

The "Telford Titans" are an English National League ice hockey team that formed in 2007. They were originally formed as the Telford Tigers ENL
History.
In 2007 the English Premier League Telford Tigers introduced a second team into the English National League (ENL), known as the 'Telford Tigers ENL', due to changing age restrictions of the under 19s team becoming an under 18s team.
2008 saw the Telford Tigers EPL and ENL split ownership due to time constraints on the owners. The two clubs still work closely together to promote ice hockey in Telford. The team was renamed the Telford Titans in September 2008.
Roster.
Goaltenders
Defencemen
Forwards

</doc>
<doc id="19305349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305349" title="Dana Ewell">
Dana Ewell

Dana Ewell (born January 28, 1971, in Fresno, California) is a convicted triple murderer who was sentenced to three life sentences for ordering the killing of his mother, father, and sister in 1992.
Murder case.
Ewell's father, businessman and multi-millionaire Dale Ewell, his mother Glee (née Mitchell), and his older sister Tiffany were murdered so that he could access the family fortune. A 9-mm assault rifle with a homemade silencer was used by Ewell's roommate at Santa Clara University, Joel Radovcich, to murder the family on Easter Sunday in their home in the Central Valley as they returned from a long weekend on the coast. Ewell was sentenced on May 12, 1998, alongside friend and classmate Joel Radovcich, who was promised a part of the family fortune in return for executing Dana's family. Ernest Jack Ponce (who procured the murder weapon) was also charged with the murders, but he obtained a dismissal in exchange for his testimony and was later licensed as an attorney. At the time of the murders, Dana Ewell still lived at home in the family's comfortable Sunnyside-area home near Fresno.
In his freshman year at San Joaquin Memorial High School, Dana Ewell stated that his goal was to be a multi-millionaire by the age of 25. 
But at 21, Ewell was still being supported by his parents.
The murders took place on Sunday, April 19, 1992.
Dana had been lying to his friends, claiming that he was personally financially successful. Dana claimed to be a stock-market wiz and he also claimed to own his own airplane transport company. Dana's father found out that Dana had been going around lying and bragging. Dana's father told Dana that Dana was getting cut off financially that summer, when he was expected to graduate from Santa Clara University. Dana was angry and this is what led Dana to plot the murders, although ironically it was ultimately revealed to Dana during the reading of his father's will that his father instructed that the family fortune be given to Dana but in installments.
Ewell's furious reaction to being cut off (right before the murders) and his lack of grief over his family's deaths led to his uncles informing the investigators about the possibility that Dana was behind the murders.
The case was investigated by Fresno County Sheriff's Office Homicide Detectives John Souza and Chris Curtice. Fresno County Assistant District Attorneys James Oppliger and Jeffrey Hammerschmidt prosecuted Ewell and Radovcich in a jury trial that took more than eight months. Both Ewell and Radovcich are serving life sentences without the possibility of parole, and all of their appeals have been denied. Dana Ewell resides in the Protective Housing Unit of California State Prison, Corcoran, with Charles Manson, Juan Corona, and other murderers who require "extraordinary protection" from other inmates.

</doc>
<doc id="19305358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305358" title="Durankulak">
Durankulak

Durankulak () is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shabla Municipality, Dobrich Province. Located in the historical region of Southern Dobruja, Durankulak is the north-easternmost inhabited place in Bulgaria and the northernmost village of the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, although the village itself is slightly inland. Durankulak lies north of the town of Shabla, with the only places to the north along the coast being the formerly exclusively Czechoslovak camping site Kosmos and the Kartalburun and Sivriburun headlands. Durankulak is also the name of the nearby border checkpoint on the Bulgarian-Romanian border; just north of the border is the Romanian seaside resort Vama Veche.
As of 2008, Durankulak has a population of 471 and the mayor is Zyumbyul Medarov. The village lies at an elevation of 26 metres above mean sea level, on the E87 littoral road, 6 kilometres south of the Romanian border. Durankulak lies 100 km from Varna, 68 km from Dobrich and 60 km from Constanţa.
The coastal Lake Durankulak is located to the southeast and the Durankulak Swamp or Eagles' Swamp (Орлово блато, "Orlovo blato") is to the northeast, towards the Black Sea the two are connected by an artificial but overgrown marshy canal. To the northeast of the village is also the Anna Maria beach that continues up to Sivriburun and the border. There is another beach south of the village which extends to Krapets.
The village has a cultural centre ("chitalishte") with a big hall and a small hall, a museum of local history, a small art gallery and a library. There are several monuments dedicated to the peasant revolt of 1900 dating to the 1970s and 1980s. The local Bulgarian Orthodox church was built in 1942.
History.
The Durankulak settlement commenced on a small island, approximately 5200 BC and lasted for thousand years. The first inhabitants were the Hamangia culture, dated from the middle of the 6th millennium to the middle of 5th millennium BC, and were the first manifestation of the Neolithic life in Dobruzha. Hamangia people were small-scale cultivators and plant collectors who built houses, made pottery, herded and hunted animals. Around 4700/4600 BC the stone architecture was already in general use and became a characteristic phenomenon that was unique in Europe. The settlement in Durankulak was a well-organized aggregation of buildings of substantial size with several rooms. They were coherently laid out according to a plan that was repeated over successive generations of house reconstructions. Buildings were rectilinear and large, narrow paths separated individual houses, which stood alone or abutted by other buildings. The structures were robust and made of large wooden posts sunk into foundation trenches and joined together with wooden planks or branches covered with mud or clay. In all building horizons, except for in the earliest ones, buildings were internally divided into separate, mainly rectilinear, rooms. 
Stone structures and bases from the houses are well preserved and there is a cave and some cisterns to see. Durankulak is one of few monuments left from early farming societies in Europe and tell us about daily life.
The excavation in Durankulak took part between 1974 and 1997 when 1204 prehistoric burials were carefully recorded and the remains of 17 houses were found.
The oldest village at this place was the small village of "Kartalii" to the northeast of modern Durankulak. It was abandoned in the middle of the 19th century and had around 200–300 residents, but its location meant the danger of malaria made it unsuitable for living in the summer. Some of the population of Kartalii founded Durankulak, which used to be an Ottoman farm inhabited by a few Bulgarians. The bulk of Durankulak's residents were, however, settlers from the eastern Balkan Mountains who arrived in the early 19th century. After the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878, it became part of the Principality of Bulgaria and, as the largest village in the region, was a municipal centre of 12 villages. On 1 June 1900, the village was the centre of an economic revolt against the government of Todor Ivanchov and as a result 40 people (none of them locals) were killed by the national cavalry.
Between 1913 and 1940, it was under Romanian rule along with all of Southern Dobruja and was renamed to "Răcari", but it was returned to Bulgaria according to the Treaty of Craiova. According to the terms of that treaty, the native Bulgarian population of Northern Dobruja was exchanged with the Romanian and Aromanian colonists sent in the south during the period of Romanian rule. As a result, some Northern Dobrujan Bulgarian refugees (преселци, "preseltsi") settled in Durankulak. Most of them were from Nuntaşi not far from the Danube Delta and today form around half of the village's population. From its return to Bulgaria to 1963, the village was known as "Blatnitsa" (Блатница, "marshy place"), but its historic name was reinstated to commemorate the revolt of 1900. The name is of ancient origin meaning the place where the taurus knocked with his fist (hoof) and gushed water surrounded the two isles in the lake. Its like a legend of the chosen land for ever giving life and prosperity. The barelefs and golden 
ornamentations of tauruses were found in tracian tombs, romans bureal barelefs and in Varna Necropolis 
Lake Durankulak.
The freshwater Lake Durankulak is separated from the Black Sea by sand dunes and a beach strip, it has an area of around 4 square kilometres and features two islands in its western part, the Big Island (0.02 km²) and the Small Island (0.0053 km²). As the habitat of 260 rare and endangered species, the lake is one of the most important and well-preserved coastal wetlands in Bulgaria. Among the important birds in the area are the Little Bittern, Ferruginous Duck, Mute Swan, Western Marsh Harrier, Paddyfield Warbler. The Greater White-fronted Goose, Red-breasted Goose and Mallard spend the winter there, and there are large populations of the Pygmy Cormorant and Great White Pelican.
The lake is also an archaeologically important area. Pithouses of the oldest known inhabitants of Dobruja, dating to 5100–4700 BC, have been unearthed near the west shore, as well as 3500–3400 BC mound burials and a Sarmatian necropolis from Late Antiquity. The Big Island of Lake Durankulak is particularly important, as it is the site of an Eneolithic settlement of 4600–4200 BC, a cultural monument of national importance. The island also features a 1300–1200 BC fortified settlement, a Hellenistic rock-hewn cave sanctuary of Cybele (3rd century BC) and a Bulgar settlement from the 9th-10th century AD. Because of its age and importance, the archaeological complex has been dubbed the "Bulgarian Troy".

</doc>
<doc id="19305378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305378" title="Spin up">
Spin up

A Spin up () is a Ditangquan technique of Wushu similar to the kip up, where the body is lifted from a lying position to a standing position. The main difference to the kip up is the momentum is generated with a circular leg movement in conjunction with the torso twisting, weight shifting to the upper body and then the hands push off the ground, thus achieving elevation of the entire body. The spin up is also variously called a Star kip up, Black Dragon, Mini-Mill and 180 kip up.

</doc>
<doc id="19305424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305424" title="I'm Gay and I'm Getting Married">
I'm Gay and I'm Getting Married

"I'm Gay and I'm Getting Married" is the first episode from the fifth season of the MTV series "True Life" features two gay couples as they apply for marriage licenses and get married in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It originally aired on June 24, 2004. The episode follows a gay couple, Aaron Pike and Stephen, and a lesbian couple, Sara and Jessica, who legalize their unions by getting marriage licenses in Massachusetts after they became available on May 17, 2004. The couples, both from Massachusetts, go through all the wedding preparations, from the special celebrations with family to applying and receiving their marriage licenses.
Awards.
The documentary won Outstanding Documentary at the 16th GLAAD Media Awards and was accepted by Aaron Pike and Stephen in March 2005 in New York City's Marriott Marquee, Times Square.

</doc>
<doc id="19305459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305459" title="Abdulla Aliş">
Abdulla Aliş

Alişev Ğabdullacan Ğäbdelbari ulı (pronounced ; Tatar Cyrillic: Алишев Габдуллаҗан Габделбари улы; , Alishev Gabdullazyan Gabdulbarievich), best known as Abdulla Aliş (; Cyrillic: Абдулла Алиш, also anglicized as Abdulla Alish) was a Soviet Tatar poet, playwright, writer and resistance fighter. He wrote mostly novels for children, the most notable writings being: "Dulqınnar" (engl. "The Waves", 1934), "Ant" (engl. "The Oath", 1935), "Minem abí" (engl. "My Brother", 1940), as well as fairy-tales, collected to "Ana äkiätläre" (engl. "Mother’s Fairy-Tales", 1941). He also wrote several pieces for puppet-shows, the most notable "Sertotmas ürdäk" (engl. "The Blabbing Duck").
In addition to his writing, Aliş spent his early years working towards the construction and improvement of an electric power station in the town of Menzelinsk, on the shores of the Qaban Lakes. From 1933 he worked as a professional journalist and executive secretary for the youth magazine "Pioner kələme". In 1941, he was appointed Chief Editor of the Tatar Radio Committee.
In 1941, Aliş joined the Red Army and fought in World War II. That same year, he was taken prisoner by the Wehrmacht near the city of Bryansk. It was here that he met resistance fighter and poet Musa Cälil; both later gained entrance into the Idel-Ural Legion. While in prison, they formed an underground resistance group to oppose the Nazis. Their plans were later discovered, and as a result both men were guillotined in the prison of Plötzensee.

</doc>
<doc id="19305460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305460" title="Shunting (disambiguation)">
Shunting (disambiguation)

Shunting is a concept in neurophysiology.
Shunting may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19305464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305464" title="LLandaff Oratory">
LLandaff Oratory

LLandaff Oratory is an oratory in Van Reenen, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. The oratory was built by Maynard Mathews in memory of his son Llandaff Mathew who died while saving the lives of 8 co-workers at the Burnside Colliery mine on 19 March 1925. 
Initially Maynard Mathews wanted to erect a plaque in honour of his son at the Roman Catholic Church in Ladysmith, but could not secure permission to do so. Determined that a memorial to his son will be placed in a church, Maynard decided to build his own, have it consecrated a Catholic church and become a priest himself ("he was ordained into the Order of St. Dominic on 7 May 1926").
The oratory seats just eight people, apparently the same number of people Llandaff saved in the mine accident and is architecturally based on a wing of the Cardiff Cathedral in Wales.
The LLandaff Oratory is a Heritage Landmark (formerley called a National Monument).

</doc>
<doc id="19305471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305471" title="1972 World Championship Tennis circuit">
1972 World Championship Tennis circuit

The 1972 World Championship Tennis circuit was one of the two rival professional male tennis circuits of 1972. It was organized by World Championship Tennis (WCT). The circuit included twenty-three regular events, and two circuit finals, one taking place in May, counting for the second half of the 1971 season, and the first part of the 1972 season, and a smaller one taking place in November, counting for the second half of the 1972 season.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 1972 WCT circuit, with player progression documented until the quarterfinals stage.
Statistical information.
These tables present the number of singles (S), and doubles (D) titles won by each player and each nation during the season, within all the tournament categories of the 1972 WCT circuit: the WCT Finals, and the regular series tournaments. The players/nations are sorted by: 1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation); 2) importance of those titles (a WCT Finals win equalling two regular tournaments wins); 3) a singles > doubles hierarchy; 4) alphabetical order (by family names for players).
Standings.
These are the standings of the top twenty singles players on the WCT circuit, at the end of the 1971 World Championship Tennis circuit, and after each edition of the WCT Finals in the 1972 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19305476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305476" title="Gilgit Tehsil">
Gilgit Tehsil

Gilgit Tehsil is a tehsil in Gilgit District, Pakistan. It contains the city of Gilgit, Pakistan.
Pari Banglah

</doc>
<doc id="19305489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305489" title="SAI KZ I">
SAI KZ I

__NOTOC__
The SAI KZ I was a sport aircraft built in Denmark in 1937, the first aircraft built by the Kramme & Zeuthen firm. It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design, with fixed tailwheel undercarriage and an open cockpit with a single seat. Construction throughout was of wood. 
Only a single KZ I was constructed, and it disappeared during the course of World War II. During the 1970s, a flying replica was built, with work started by Gunnar Fjord Christensen in 1972 and sold to the Danmarks Flymuseum in 1977. The completed aircraft flew for the first time on 20 November 1988, and in 2008 remains part of the museum's collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19305494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305494" title="Ischnura posita">
Ischnura posita

The Fragile Forktail (Ischnura posita) is a species of damselfly in the genus "Ischnura". It is 21 to 29 mm long. It is native to most all of eastern North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19305500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305500" title="Isabella Karle">
Isabella Karle

Isabella Helen Lugoski Karle (born December 2, 1921) is an American x-ray crystallographer. In 1969 she established the structure of venom extracted from South American frogs. This was followed in 1975 with the structure of valinomycin.
Life and career.
Born Isabella Helen Lugoski in Detroit, Michigan, USA, on December 2, 1921, the daughter of immigrants from Poland, she attended the local public schools, where a female chemistry teacher led her to her pursuit of the field as a career. She attended the University of Michigan on full scholarship, where she majored in physical chemistry and received a Bachelor of Science at age 19, followed by Master of Science and Ph.D. degrees in the field. She worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II, where she developed techniques to extract plutonium chloride from a mixture containing plutonium oxide.
She joined the United States Naval Research Laboratory after the end of the war. Karle advanced the practical uses of the work her husband, Nobel Prize winner Jerome Karle, did on using X-ray scattering techniques to directly determine the structure of crystals, a technique that is used to study the biological, chemical, metallurgical and physical characteristics, allowing processes to be designed to duplicate the molecules being studied. This technique has played a major role in the development of new pharmaceutical products and other synthesized materials.
On July 31, 2009, she and her husband retired from the Naval Research Laboratory, after a combined 127 years of service to the United States Government, with Karle joining the NRL in 1946, two years after her husband. Retirement ceremonies for the Karles were attended by United States Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus, who presented the couple with the Department of the Navy Distinguished Civilian Service Award, the Navy's highest form of recognition to civilian employees.

</doc>
<doc id="19305502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305502" title="Paul Fletcher (theologian)">
Paul Fletcher (theologian)

Paul Fletcher (1965–2008) was an English Roman Catholic philosophical theologian and lecturer. 
Fletcher was born and raised in Birkenhead, England, and attended St Hughes Roman Catholic secondary school. As he was about to escape to a sixth-form place at St Anselm's college, owned and run by the Irish Christian Brothers, he lost his best childhood friend, Dessie, to a drug overdose. He felt the event marked a transition from boy to adult, and announced his intention to become a monk. 
In 1988, while still a Christian Brother, he went to study theology at Durham University. He left the order shortly before taking his final vows, disillusioned by the restrictions increasingly placed upon the social work of the Brothers in Liverpool. Later, he returned to Durham University for an Masters in systematic philosophy and subsequently a PhD. 
In 1997, he was appointed as a lecturer in religious studies at Lancaster University, where he remained until his death in 2008. Fletcher's influence in modern philosophy has been affirmed by some of the top speakers in British philosophy and his controversial ideas in applied ethics have been cited as having influenced some of the more radical modern philosophical approaches.

</doc>
<doc id="19305504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305504" title="Waldemar Kita">
Waldemar Kita

Waldemar Kita (born 1953 in Szczecin, Poland) is a Polish businessman residing in France.
Optics.
Kita made his fortune by establishing Cornéal in 1986. The company grew to become the foremost French, and fourth largest European, firm designing and manufacturing intraocular lenses for cataract surgery and in the treatment of glaucoma. In December 2006, Kita sold Cornéal to Allergan for 180 million euros.
Football.
He is now chairman of FC Nantes. "Reports claim Kita paid 10 million euros for the club, which has won eight French championships and is considered one of France's most important."
"Kita is a familiar face in the world of football as the contact lens tycoon bought Swiss club Lausanne and led them between 1998 and 2001."

</doc>
<doc id="19305507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305507" title="Cambodian Democratic Society Party">
Cambodian Democratic Society Party

On December 20, 2008 nine days before the candidate registration deadline ended the DSP was created by its leader president Thorng Sovannara, who says it was a breakaway faction of the Khmer National Party that he changed into a political party.
Political ideology.
The DSP’s ideology is primarily about promoting education. The party was created since Sovannara and three other Cambodian-Americans who were advised by many Cambodian teachers and professors to do so. 
An important point here is that since all of the party’s members are teachers they can use their position in society which is very influential in trying to help the party improve society. Even though president Rong Chhun of CITA didn’t know who the DSP were yet still the party is supported by the Cambodian Independent Teachers Association which is a "union of educators" that’s connected to "the Free Trade Union." 
So far with political activity the party’s been fielding some of the party’s candidates in 10 Cambodian communes. This was twice more the times higher than that of the KNP which it broke away from.

</doc>
<doc id="19305519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305519" title="Naltar">
Naltar

Nalter may refer to various places in Pakistan:

</doc>
<doc id="19305535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305535" title="United People of Cambodia">
United People of Cambodia

The United People of Cambodia was a political party created by its leader president, Sarath Oeurn, in August 2003. Oeurn lives in America and only visits Cambodia and his party once a year in July. At the moment it is not led by Oeurn but its acting party president Tit Thang. 
Political ideology.
Its political ideology on the right-wing promotes controlling illegal immigration in a responsible manner as their president says illegal immigrants not only create “instability” because they came to Cambodia illegally but also because they sometimes ”tend to do illegal things.” The party also has a left-wing ideology as part of its political position where the UPA would prevent “unequal distribution of wealth” and “land management”. This political party wishes that when it gets to have some control of the “government” UPA would fulfill “a tax on large land holdings in order to decrease the number of land disputes.” 
The party president believes this will prevent rich people from trying “to take land and might even give up land because of the tax burden," in order to "free up uncultivated land." Therefore that would mean society would be able to use that land to grow food for themselves. With its activities the UPC has been fielding candidates in 13 communes, primarily in the provinces called Svay Rieng and Prey Veng.

</doc>
<doc id="19305549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305549" title="Johann Lindner">
Johann Lindner

Johann "Hans" Lindner (born 3 May 1959 in Tragail, Paternion, Carinthia) is a retired hammer thrower from Austria, who represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984. He also competed at the Winter Olympics, in 1984 as a bobsledder.

</doc>
<doc id="19305566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305566" title="Khmer Improvement Party">
Khmer Improvement Party

The leader, President Liv Ann created this political party of his in March 1997.
Political Ideology.
Its ideology is primarily left-wing as explained by Liv Ann the Khmer Improvement Party will create democracy by choosing to “enforce decentralization of political power in the rural areas.” It does also has a kind of combination of left and right wing ideology where it tries to improve society by fixing the Cambodian structures of it. The president explained that KIP will do that by choosing to “focus on poverty reduction " and construct a "plan for people to have wells and electricity in their villages."

</doc>
<doc id="19305573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305573" title="Tajikistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Tajikistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Tajikistan sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The country was represented by two athletes, both competing in powerlifting. Flagbearer Khayrullo Abdurahimov, however, does not appear on his event's official scoresheet, so he seems to not have been active in the Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19305584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305584" title="Henkel-Duke Mercantile Company Warehouse">
Henkel-Duke Mercantile Company Warehouse

The Henkel-Duke Mercantile Company Warehouse, also known as Charles Henkel & Co. Building or Montgomery Ward Warehouse, is a historic warehouse in downtown Pueblo, Colorado. The building once served as a wholesale grocery warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19305588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305588" title="Bermuda at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Bermuda at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Bermuda took part in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The country's delegation consisted of a single competitor, equestrian Sandy Mitchell. Mitchell participated in two events and did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19305591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305591" title="Niger at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Niger at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Niger sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the country's only representative was powerlifter Zakari Amadou.
Powerlifting.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="19305592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305592" title="Redlist">
Redlist

Ignorance is the result of Jeff Scott Soto's collaboration with Dave Fraser and Neil Goldberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19305647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305647" title="Samuel Gaumain">
Samuel Gaumain

Samuel Gaumain O.F.M. (January 4, 1915 – August 20, 2010) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Gaumain was born in Saint-Pierre-de-l'Isle, France in January 1915. He was ordained a priest on March 12, 1938 in the Catholic religious order, the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin. He was appointed bishop of Moundou Diocese (Chad) on December 19, 1959 and ordained a bishop on April 28, 1960. He remained in this position until he resigned on December 19, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19305665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305665" title="Domino Effect (The Blizzards album)">
Domino Effect (The Blizzards album)

Domino Effect is the second studio album from The Blizzards, released on 12 September 2008. The band is currently playing shops around Ireland to promote the release. The video for "Trust Me, I'm A Doctor", the first single from the album is currently on rotation on Bubble Hits. A second single, "The Reason" was released in November 2008. The third single, "Postcards", was released on 27 February 2009.
Album information.
The second track to be released from the album was "The Reason", receiving nationwide success like its predecessor, "Trust Me, I'm a Doctor". The third single, "Postcards" was released on 27 February 2009 and is a slower, different style to the Blizzards' usual music.
A digital booklet containing the lyrics of songs on the album as well as personal messages from the band members came with "Domino Effect (E-Deluxe Version)" on iTunes.
Another track on the album, "Money Doesn't Buy You Class", is about southside Dublin girls of the type "You'd see at UCD", when The Blizzards vocalist Niall Breslin studied there. He thought they were "So full of themselves, so superficial, so obsessed with money. Many had absolutely nothing of interest to say for themselves".
Chart performance.
The album reached number two in the Irish Albums Chart, losing out to Metallica's "Death Magnetic".

</doc>
<doc id="19305666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305666" title="Samahni">
Samahni

The town of Samahni is a town and tehsil headquarters in Bhimber District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19305671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305671" title="Hang Dara Democratic Movement Party">
Hang Dara Democratic Movement Party

The Hang Dara Democratic Movement Party (HDMP) is a Cambodian political party whose leader was Hang Dara. It was created in May 2002.
Political ideologies.
Here the HDMP believes in a variety of ideologies. With the right-wing it believes in protecting Cambodia’s “National environment”, “sovereignty”, ”monarchy” and its “culture”. With its left-wing ideology it supports the improvement of people’s livelihoods by constructing a newly improved healthcare system and educational sector with a huge priority on “building” more infrastructure in the Cambodian rural areas. Apart from that its liberal ideology is where the party will protect “human rights”, “democracy” and also free Cambodia from “tyrants” and “corrupt people”.

</doc>
<doc id="19305683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305683" title="William Smith (wrestler)">
William Smith (wrestler)

William T. Smith (born September 17, 1928) is an American wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
He was born in Portland, Oregon. At Iowa State Teachers College (now the University of Northern Iowa), Smith won back-to-back NCAA wrestling titles at 165 pounds in 1949 and 1950. As a team, Iowa State Teachers College finished as NCAA Runners-Up in 1949 and NCAA Champions in 1950. He also won three Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) national titles. 
Olympics.
Smith competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "welterweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19305685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305685" title="Inmaculada Bañuls">
Inmaculada Bañuls

Inmaculada Bañuls Ros (born 6 May 1963) is a Spanish teacher and politician who belongs to the main opposition People's Party (PP).
Bañuls was born in Gandía, Spain. She gained a diploma in religious sciences and passed courses in teaching and special education. She is married with two daughters. Her political career began in 2003 when she was elected as a PP councillor in Gandia. In March 2008, she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region. In one of her first votes in the chamber, she mistakenly voted for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) candidate for Prime Minister, José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, a mistake that was subsequently corrected. [http://www.levante-emv.com/secciones/noticia.jsp?pRef=2008041000_6_430990__Espana-valenciana-equivoco-votar-Lazaro-tuvo-corregirla]

</doc>
<doc id="19305694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305694" title="ZFZZ-FM">
ZFZZ-FM

Z99 (99.9 FM) is a radio station in the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is owned by Hurley's Entertainment Corporation. It airs a Contemporary Hit Radio music format. Hurley’s Entertainment Corporation Limited was founded in 1992 by Randy L. Merren.
Z99FM was the first commercial radio station in the Cayman Islands. It began broadcasting as ZFZZ, issued under the British call sign system, in May 1992. The station's most recent license was issued on 11 December, 2003
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19305738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305738" title="BSAA Star Tiger disappearance">
BSAA Star Tiger disappearance

Star Tiger (registration G-AHNP) was an Avro Tudor IV passenger aircraft owned and operated by British South American Airways (BSAA) which disappeared without a trace over the Atlantic Ocean while on a flight between Santa Maria in the Azores and Bermuda on 30 January 1948. The loss of the aircraft along with that of BSAA Avro Tudor "Star Ariel" in 1949 remain unsolved to this day, with the resulting speculation helping to develop the Bermuda Triangle legend.
Background.
British South American Airways (BSAA) was an airline created by former World War II pilots in an effort to provide service on the previously untapped South American trade and passenger routes. Originally named British Latin American Air Lines (BLAIR) it was split off from the British Overseas Airways Corporation to operate their South Atlantic routes. It commenced transatlantic services in March 1946, with a BSAA plane making the first operational flight from London's Heathrow Airport. The airline operated mostly Avro aircraft: Yorks, Lancastrians and Tudors, and flew to Bermuda, the West Indies and the western coast of South America.
Flight.
"Star Tiger" was one of three enlarged and improved versions of the Avro Tudor, designated Tudor IV; it had made eleven transatlantic flights, a total of 575 hours flying time, since its initial test flight on 4 November 1947.
On the morning of 28 January 1948, the crew and passengers boarded "Star Tiger" at Lisbon only to be forced to return to the airport waiting room when the pilot, Captain Brian W. McMillan, told them that the port inner engine needed some attention. The aircraft took off 2½ hours later, and made what was intended to be a 75 minute refuelling stop at Santa Maria in the Azores. However, the reported weather was so poor that Captain McMillan decided they should stop over until the next day.
The following day, 29 January, "Star Tiger" took off for the next leg of its flight to Bermuda despite strong winds. McMillan had decided to fly at no more than so as to avoid the worst winds. An Avro Lancastrian belonging to BSAA piloted by Frank Griffin took off an hour ahead of the "Star Tiger", and Griffin had agreed to radio weather information back to "Star Tiger".
"Star Tiger" took off at 15:34 and soon after takeoff was lashed by heavy rain and strong winds. At first some 200 miles behind the Lancastrian, McMillan slowly closed the distance between them and both aircraft remained in radio contact with each other and Bermuda.
By 01:26 on 30 January, after 10 hours in the air, "Star Tiger" was only behind the Lancastrian. The navigator of the Lancastrian managed to fix their position using celestial navigation and found that the winds had blown the aircraft off-track in the previous hour. By this time, "Star Tiger" had passed its Point of No Alternative, at which it could have diverted to Newfoundland, and was committed to remaining on course for Bermuda.
At about 02:00 Cyril Ellison, "Star Tiger's" navigator, fixed the aircraft's position and learned that they too had been blown off course and were crabbing away from Bermuda. He gave McMillan a new course which turned the aircraft directly into a gale. However, McMillan still expected to reach Bermuda with at least an hour's worth of fuel remaining upon landing.
At 03:00 Captain Griffin aboard the Lancastrian amended his ETA from 03:56 to 05:00, and called "Star Tiger" to say that he was switching to voice telephony to contact Bermuda Approach Control. Griffin later testified that he heard nothing from "Star Tiger" to indicate that it was in trouble and that from then until he touched down at 04:11 his own aircraft encountered no turbulence, icing, fog or electrical storms.
Loss.
At 03:04 Radio Officer Robert Tuck aboard "Star Tiger" requested a radio bearing from Bermuda, but the signal was not strong enough to obtain an accurate reading. Tuck repeated the request eleven minutes later, and this time the Bermuda radio operator was able to obtain a bearing of 72 degrees, accurate to within 2 degrees. The Bermuda operator transmitted this information, and Tuck acknowledged receipt at 03:17. This was the last communication with the aircraft. The Bermuda operator tried to contact "Star Tiger" at 03:50 and receiving no reply, thought that it had gone over to direct radio contact with Bermuda Approach Control. However, Approach Control reported that this was not the case. The Bermuda radio operator tried at 04:05 to contact "Star Tiger", again without success, and after trying again at 04:40 he declared a state of emergency. He had heard no distress message, and neither had anyone else, even though many receiving stations were listening on "Star Tiger's" frequency.
Search attempts.
The USAF personnel operating the airfield immediately organized a rescue effort that lasted for 5 days despite worsening weather. Twenty-six aircraft flew 882 hours in total and surface craft also conducted a search, but no signs of "Star Tiger" or her 31 passengers and crew were ever found.
A merchant ship, SS "Troublador", had reported seeing a low flying aircraft with lights blinking about halfway between Bermuda and the entrance to Delaware Bay, which meant that if the aircraft was "Star Tiger", then it had gone well off-course from Bermuda.
Investigation.
As soon as it was learned that the "Star Tiger" had been lost, BSAA's remaining Avro Tudors were grounded by Britain's Minister of Civil Aviation. They were permitted to carry cargo rather than passengers a few weeks later, but had to fly from Santa Maria to Bermuda via Newfoundland, a diversion that reduced the longest overwater leg by .
Although Avro's managing director, Sir Roy Dobson, and Don Bennett of BSAA both publicly regretted any implication that the aircraft had been faulty, the Minister decided that a judicial investigation ("Court of Investigation") into the cause of the incident was necessary, the first such since the loss of the airship R101 in 1930. Bennett objected so strongly to this that BSAA fired him.
Lord Macmillan was appointed to head the investigation, assisted by two assessors in the form of a Professor of Aviation from the University of London and the Chief Pilot of British European Airways.
The investigation, which was held in public at Church House, Westminster, opened on 12 April 1948 and lasted 11 days. On 21 August they presented their report to Lord Pakenham, who had succeeded Lord Nathan of Churt as Minister of Civil Aviation. The report emphasized that the crew of the "Star Tiger" were highly experienced, and found "want of care and attention to detail" in the flight plan, but nothing serious enough to explain the accident.
The inquiry reported in conclusion:
""...In the complete absence of any reliable evidence as to either the nature or the cause of the accident of Star Tiger the Court has not been able to do more than suggest possibilities, none of which reaches the level even of probability. ... What happened in this case will never be known and the fate of "Star Tiger" must remain an unsolved mystery.""
Among the passengers was Air Marshal Sir Arthur Coningham, a hero of World War II, formerly Air Officer Commander-in-Chief, 2nd Tactical Air Force during the Battle of Normandy. Coningham's death shared the front page of the 31 January edition of the "New York Times" along with the news of the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi and the death of Orville Wright.
Possible causes.
If the "Star Tiger's" radio had failed shortly after 03:15, her captain and navigator would have been faced with the task of locating a small group of islands, measuring from northeast to southwest covering a total area of , and equipped with powerful lights that were visible from about at the aircraft's assumed altitude. It was at that time about from the islands with enough fuel for 3½ hours' flying time. Having received an accurate bearing, McMillan's task of making landfall was not in itself difficult, except that he was acutely aware of the fact that there was no alternative airport: the nearest point on the American mainland was Cape Hatteras, to the west, and well beyond the "Star Tiger's" range. However, there was no evidence to suggest that radio failure or navigational error were responsible for the disaster.
As for engine failure, the aircraft could easily have reached Bermuda on two engines. Its low altitude, however, would have made any handling problem more dangerous. The altitude chosen by the "Star Tiger" and the Lancastrian was much lower than usual and no previous BSAA flight had flown so low for so long. Wind forecasts were unreliable throughout the journey, especially at lower altitudes; consequently, a sudden strong gust could have abruptly plunged the aircraft into the sea, or inattention on the part of the crew coupled with a faulty altimeter could have allowed it to dive gently into the sea, giving the radio operator no chance to transmit a distress signal. One notable discrepancy was that although the planned cruising altitude was 2,000 feet, every position report transmitted by "Star Tiger" gave the height as 20,000 feet. Since 20,000 feet was a more typical cruising altitude for this route, it is possible the crew forgot they were flying at only 2,000 feet and simply flew the aircraft into the sea during the descent phase. The crew may have been fatigued after the long flight, and contemporary altimeters were prone to misreading of the thousand-foot level.
Twice before on similar flights the "Star Tiger" had been forced to divert to Gander, Newfoundland and just two months previously another Tudor IV had found itself landing with less than of fuel left; less than the amount by which the "Star Tiger" was overloaded.
The fuel cock for the reserve tanks were in the passenger compartment and - if they were not already on - to switch to reserve one of the crew would have to go aft. There might have been insufficient time given the height at which they were flying.
Aftermath.
During the inquiry Bennett suggested both the "Star Tiger" and "Star Ariel" had been sabotaged. He also claimed that Prime Minister Clement Attlee had ordered all inquiries into the incidents to be abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19305746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305746" title="Wayne Wells">
Wayne Wells

Wayne Wells (born 29 September 1946) is an American wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Wells competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "welterweight" class.
At the University of Oklahoma, Wayne was a three-time Big Eight champion and a three-time All-American. NCAA runner-up as a junior, he won the championship the following year and went on to earn fourth place in the Olympic Games of 1968. While turning his attention to law school and the foundation of his professional career, Wayne intensified his wrestling efforts. He captured the silver medal in the 1969 World Championships, then returned a year later to win the gold.
He won two national freestyle titles and placed second in the Pan American Games. In the months leading up to the 1972 Olympics he completed his final year of law school, passed the state bar exam, assisted the OU coaching staff and trained five hours a day.
He is a Distinguished Member of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame (1982)

</doc>
<doc id="19305765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305765" title="HD 126128">
HD 126128

HD 126128 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="19305777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305777" title="Hōkai Amplifier">
Hōkai Amplifier

Background.
After six years since its inception and three independent releases, Asian Kung-Fu Generation contributed to the Under Flower compilation album, "Whatch You Gonna Do?", before dropping their first major-label EP. The critically acclaimed mini-album topped the High Line Records weekly chart for two weeks straight and peaked at number thirty-five on the Oricon indies sales chart. Due to its success, "Hōkai Amplifier" was re-released by Ki/oon Records on April 23, 2003. Although the mini-album didn't release any singles, the intro track "Haruka Kanata" enjoyed immense domestic and international popularity after it came to be used as the second opening theme for the anime series "Naruto". In 2014, the album was released again as a 12 inch analog record.
Track listing.
All songs written by Masafumi Gotō except: 

</doc>
<doc id="19305781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305781" title="Satellite-class sloop">
Satellite-class sloop

The "Satellite" class was a class of 12-gun composite sloops built for the Royal Navy between 1883 and 1888, and reclassified as corvettes in 1884.
Construction.
Design.
Designed by Nathaniel Barnaby, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction, the hull was of composite construction; that is, iron keel, frames, stem and stern posts with wooden planking. This class of composite sloops was unique in having an internal steel deck over the machinery and magazines for protection. The "Satellite" class were reclassified as corvettes in 1884, and no more composite or wooden corvettes were built - in fact, "Pylades" was the last corvette built for the Royal Navy until the Second World War.
Propulsion.
Propulsion was provided by a horizontal compound expansion of driving a single screw.
Sail plan.
All the ships of the class were built with a barque rig.
Armament.
The class was designed with two 6-inch/100-pounder (81cwt) breech loaders and ten 5-inch/50-pounder (38cwt) breech loaders, plus a single light gun and four (or more) machine guns. "Heroine", "Hyacinth" and "Royalist" were built with eight 6-inch/100-pounder (81cwt) breech loaders in place of the 5-inch/6-inch mixture, and "Satellite" was converted to the same fit.
Operational lives.
These ships were designed to patrol the far-flung reaches of Britain's maritime empire, and so "Rapid" and "Royalist" both went to the Australian Station, "Satellite" to the Pacific Station, "Pylades" to the North America and West Indies Station and "Heroine", "Caroline" and "Hyacinth" all to the China Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19305788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305788" title="Fred Martin (baseball)">
Fred Martin (baseball)

Fred Turner Martin (June 27, 1915 – June 11, 1979) was an American pitcher, coach and scout in Major League Baseball. Born in Williams, Oklahoma, Martin threw and batted right-handed, stood (185 cm) tall and weighed 185 pounds (84 kg) during his active playing career.
Martin was one of a handful American Major League players who "jumped" to the then-outlaw Mexican League during the season. With the reserve clause then binding players permanently to the U.S. teams who held their contracts, the insurgent Mexican League induced players such as Martin, Sal Maglie, Mickey Owen, Lou Klein, Max Lanier, Danny Gardella and others to leave their clubs — in Martin's (Lanier's and Klein's) case, the pennant-contending but notoriously low-paying St. Louis Cardinals — for greater riches south of the border. Martin, then almost 31, was in his first MLB campaign after years of toiling in the minors and World War II service. He had appeared in six games for the 1946, title-bound Cards, winning two of three decisions and compiling an earned run average of 4.08 in 28⅔ innings pitched. He, along with the other "jumpers," was then suspended by Commissioner of Baseball Albert B. Chandler. While the Mexican League raids of MLB stopped, and most of the American players soon attempted to rejoin "organized baseball" in the U.S., the bans remained in force until June 5, 1949. Martin and Lanier had filed a $2.5 million suit against baseball in an attempt to have the bans lifted.
Martin, nearly 34 at that point, returned to the Cardinals upon his reinstatement and posted a 6–0 mark with a 2.44 ERA in 70 innings for the remainder of . He then spent one final season in the National League with the Cards, winning four of six decisions and posting a 5.12 ERA. Overall, Martin appeared in 57 career MLB games, won 12 games and lost only three, with an ERA of 3.78 in 162 innings pitched. Martin pitched in the minor leagues through the 1950s; his last pitching appearance came as the 45-year-old playing manager of the Class C St. Cloud Rox. Martin appeared in 618 minor league games between 1935 and 1960, and won 169 of 304 decisions.
Taught 'split-finger fastball'.
In addition, he would have a long post-playing career as a scout, minor league manager and pitching coach, largely in the Chicago Cubs organization. He was a member of the Cubs' infamous College of Coaches from 1961 to 1965 and served as a minor league instructor for the Cubs (1966–75; 1977–78) and Detroit Tigers (1976). He became especially famous as a proponent of the split-finger fastball, which he taught to Cub farmhand Bruce Sutter, who mastered it enough to become a dominant relief pitcher in the 1970s and 1980s, and was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2006. 
Sutter's success focused industry-wide attention on Martin's expertise. In , former Cub shortstop Don Kessinger, named the playing manager of the Chicago White Sox, asked him to be the Chisox' pitching coach, but Martin was ill with cancer, began treatments in March, and served only a few weeks in the job. He died June 11 in Chicago, Illinois, at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="19305802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305802" title="George Treby (younger)">
George Treby (younger)

George Treby (c.1726 – 5 November 1761) was a British politician from Devonshire.
The eldest son of the politician George Treby, he was educated at Exeter College, Oxford. In 1746, he went on the Grand Tour and visited Florence, Rome, and Naples. At this time, he is believed to have acquired the Mantuan roundel sold in 2003 to Sheik Saud al-Thani of Qatar.
Treby entered the House of Commons for Plympton Erle at a by-election in 1747 to replace Richard Edgcumbe, who had chosen to sit for another borough. The Treby family had great influence in the borough. A government supporter, he was returned again at the 1754 and 1761 elections, but probably did not take his seat after the latter, as he died in November 1761. In the ensuing by-election, he was replaced by his younger brother George Hele Treby.

</doc>
<doc id="19305820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305820" title="Osvaldo Castro">
Osvaldo Castro

Osvaldo Castro Pelayos (born 17 October 1948) is a retired Chilean footballer who played league football for clubs in Chile and Mexico, as well as playing international football for Chile.
Career.
Castro started his career Chilean club Unión La Calera in 1965, before joining Deportes Concepción. After three seasons he transferred to Mexican side Club América.
Castro joined Club Jalisco for the 1975–76 season, scoring 26 goals in 32 league appearances. In all he scored 91 league goals for the club in his four seasons with them. Following Jalisco's removal from the Primera division Castro joined Deportivo Neza in 1979–80, before moving on to Atlético Potosino for 1981/82. He played his last Mexican seasons with Pumas de la UNAM, finishing with them in 1983/84.
He played for the Chile national football team on four occasions during the 1978 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19305829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305829" title="Somerton, Oxfordshire">
Somerton, Oxfordshire

Somerton is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, England, in the Cherwell valley about northwest of Bicester.
Archaeology.
14 Saxon or early medieval graves have been discovered at Somerton's former Free School.
Manor.
The Domesday Book records that in 1086 William the Conqueror's step-brother Odo, Bishop of Bayeux, held most of the manor of Somerton.
The de Greys and their heirs.
In 1230 the manor of Somerton was divided between two heiresses. In 1245 Walter de Grey, Archbishop of York, granted one of the halves to his nephew, also called Walter de Grey. The de Grey manor house seems to have been on low-lying land near the Cherwell. By 1295 it had a court, dovecote and fishponds. By 1300 Somerton had a watermill. Remains of the fishponds survive today.
The manor was passed down through the de Grey family, and then to their descendants the Deincourts and then the Lovells of Minster Lovell. In 1485 Francis Lovell was created 1st Viscount Lovell. Francis is believed to have been killed in 1487 in the Battle of Stoke Field at the end of the Wars of the Roses. Thereafter the Crown held the manor for the next 25 years.
The Fermors.
In 1512 the Crown granted the manor to William Fermor of Witney. William built a new manor house, above the village in contrast with the de Grey manor house that had been close to the Cherwell. It remained the Fermor home until about 1625 when Richard Fermor made Tusmore the family's principal home. In the 18th century most of Somerton manor house was demolished, but part of the hall wall still remains.
In the 16th century the south aisle of St. James' church was converted into the Fermor family chapel. However after the English Reformation the Fermors were Recusants and had a private Roman Catholic chapel at the manor house.
When Thomas Fermor died in 1580 his will provided for the founding of a "free school" for Somerton boys to be instructed in ""virtue and learning"". Somerton's present school building dates from the 18th and 19th centuries, but includes a late 16th century window which may be from the original building.
During the English Civil War of 1642–51 Henry Fermor stayed neutral but his kinsman by marriage Henry Arundell, 3rd Baron Arundell of Wardour, another Recusant, was a Royalist who fought for King Charles I. As a result in 1646 the Commonwealth sequestered Arundell's estates, including Somerton. However a relative bought Somerton from the sequestrators and in the Restoration of the Stuart monarchy in 1660 the manor was restored to the Fermors.
Villiers family.
In 1815 William Fermor sold the manor to George Villiers, 6th Earl of Jersey. As the Free School accepted only boys, Julia, Lady Jersey, opened a girls' school in Somerton. Lady Jersey was the daughter of Sir Robert Peel. A century later George's son Victor Villiers, 7th Earl of Jersey died and the Somerton estate was sold.
Churches.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of Saint James the Apostle is known to have existed by 1074. A Norman carved doorway in the nave dates from this period. Much of the building, however, including the bell tower, is Decorated Gothic from the first half of the 14th century. St. James' also has features from the 13th, 15th and 16th centuries. St. James' is a Grade I listed building.
The tower has a ring of eight bells. Henry I Bagley of Chacombe, Northamptonshire cast the tenor and seventh bells in 1635. One of these bells was paid for by John and Isabel Aston. Henry I Bagley cast also the fourth bell in 1646 and the fifth bell in 1670. His descendant Henry III Bagley cast the sixth bell in 1707, completing the set of five bells noted in "The Gentleman's Magazine" in 1827. John Taylor & Co of Loughborough cast the third bell (which then would have been the treble) in 1896, making a ring of six. In 1974 the Whitechapel Bell Foundry added the present treble and second bells, increasing the ring to eight. At the same time all eight bells were also rehung.
St. James' parish is now part of the Cherwell Valley Benefice along with five other parishes: Ardley, Fritwell, Lower Heyford, Souldern and Upper Heyford.
Recusancy.
Even after the Fermors moved to Tusmore, the Roman Catholic Mass continued to be celebrated at the Somerton manor house chapel. In 1738 St. James' Church of England rector reported that 47 Roman Catholics attended Mass at the manor house chapel once a month. Somerton's Roman Catholics were respectful to the Anglican rector, good farmers, and so neighbourly to Anglican fellow-villagers that there were numerous intermarriages between the two denominations. The rector concluded that the two denominations ""are so blended and united together"" that it would be inadvisable to enforce the laws against Roman Catholicism that made it an offence to celebrate the Mass or for anyone to harbour Roman Catholic clergy.
Economic and social history.
Somerton was farmed in an open field system of four fields until William Fermor secured an enclosure act from Parliament in 1765. Thereafter Somerton's population grew, reaching 400 in the 1821 census.
The stretch of the Oxford Canal between Banbury and Tackley was completed in 1787. It runs along the Cherwell valley, and at Somerton it passes between the river and the village. Somerton Deep Lock was built north of the village.
Construction of the Oxford and Rugby Railway between and began in 1845. By the time the line opened the Great Western Railway had taken it over. In Somerton the railway threads along the valley between the Oxford Canal and the foot of the hill on which the village stands, and a bridge carries it over the road to North Aston. The GWR opened a station just south of the bridge in 1855; originally named Somerton, it was renamed in 1907, although Fritwell is away. The station attracted the opening of a public house, the Railway Inn. British Railways closed the station in 1964. The Railway Inn has since followed suit.
Some of the land on which the railway was built belonged to the Free School, some of the money that the GWR paid to in compenstation was spent on repairs to the school. In the 19th century the village population grew and the school population grew with it. In a reorganisation of schools in 1930 the Free School became a junior school and senior pupils from Somerton had to go to Fritwell. The school was still open in the 1950s but has since closed.
Barnes Memorial Hall.
The village hall is the centre of Somerton's social life and activity. It recently suffered from subsidence and a leaking roof, but in December 2008 the Big Lottery Fund granted its trustees £311,000 to rebuild the hall for the village. This has now been completed.

</doc>
<doc id="19305844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305844" title="Willow Vale, New South Wales">
Willow Vale, New South Wales

Willow Vale, New South Wales may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19305871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305871" title="2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open">
2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open

The 2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 25th edition of the Toray Pan Pacific Open, and was part of the Tier I Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo, Japan, from September 15 through September 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19305894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305894" title="Ben Guillory">
Ben Guillory

Ben Guillory (born Bennet Guillory on November 7, 1949 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American actor and theatre producer and director.
Biography.
Raised in San Francisco, California, Guillory co-founded the Robey Theatre Company in honor of the late actor, activist, and operatic singer Paul Robeson, with actor Danny Glover in Los Angeles in 1994, and currently serves as its artistic director. He received an Ovation Award nomination for Featured Actor in a Play in 2008, for his performance as Wining Boy in "The Piano Lesson" produced at The Hayworth Theatre in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19305905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305905" title="Minnequa Steel Works Office Building and Dispensary, Colorado Fuel and Iron Company">
Minnequa Steel Works Office Building and Dispensary, Colorado Fuel and Iron Company

The Minnequa Steel Works Office Building and Dispensary are historic buildings in Pueblo, Colorado. The main office building served as headquarters of Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. The medical dispensary building served as a medical clinic for treatment of minor injuries and illnesses, and in later years, as both clinic and personnel office for the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. Opened in 1902, the six-room Spanish Mission style building contained waiting, drug, consultation, surgical and storage rooms, in addition to sleeping and office quarters for attending physicians. In 1902, as the company payroll exceeded 5,000 employees, the Dispensary handled an average of seventy-five cases daily. As employee numbers grew, medical staff also began treating families of employees. The building was used as a medical building for mill employees until the early 1990s. The Minnequa Steelworks Office Building, built in 1901, served as company headquarters until the early 1990s. Here, many office functions occurred including purchasing, finance, payroll, engineering, and other administrative functions. The building complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 and amended to the National Level of Significance of the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. Owned by the Bessemer Historical Society, the medical dispensary building is the home of the Steelworks Museum of Industry and Culture, which opened on January 19, 2007. The museum's exhibits include the local history of coal mining, steel production, railroads, labor, and the impact of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company on the region. The main administration building will serve as the second phase of the Steelworks Museum of Industry and Culture in the coming years.

</doc>
<doc id="19305913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305913" title="John Peterson (wrestler)">
John Peterson (wrestler)

John Peterson (born 22 October 1948) is an American wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Peterson competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a silver medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "middleweight" class. He won a gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. 
Peterson's brother, Ben Peterson, also competed in both the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics, also winning gold (1972) and silver (1976) medals in Freestyle wrestling.
Peterson grew up in Comstock, Wisconsin, attending nearby Cumberland High School before graduating from the University of Wisconsin-Stout in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19305918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305918" title="2008 Giro di Lombardia">
2008 Giro di Lombardia

The 2008 Giro di Lombardia was the 102nd edition of this single-day road bicycle racing monument race. The event took place on October 18, 2008, with Damiano Cunego winning it, his fourth victory of the year, and the third of his career in the Giro di Lombardia and his second consecutive victory. Cunego managed to break away from the peloton with 15 kilometres on the descent of the Civiglio and was able to resist the chase of the peloton to win alone on the waterfront of Como. Janez Brajkovič of Astana finished 24 seconds behind, followed by Rigoberto Urán of Caisse d'Epargne.
External links.
2008 in Road Cycling

</doc>
<doc id="19305956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305956" title="Ismael Blas Rolón Silvero">
Ismael Blas Rolón Silvero

Ismael Blas Rolón Silvero S.D.B. (January 24, 1914 – June 8, 2010) was a Paraguayan prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death, he was one of the oldest Catholic bishops and the oldest bishop from Paraguay.
Rolón Silvero was born in Caazapá, Paraguay in 1914. He was ordained a priest on November 23, 1941 from the religious institute of the Salesians of Don Bosco. He was appointed prelate to the Caacupé Diocese on August 2, 1960. On October 20, 1965 he was appointed Titular Bishop of Furnos Maior and ordained January 23, 1966. Rolón Silvero was appointed bishop of the Caacupé Diocese and then appointed to the Archdiocese of Asunción on June 16, 1970. Rolón retired from the Archdiocese of Asuncion on May 20, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19305991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19305991" title="Sasanian conquest of Egypt">
Sasanian conquest of Egypt

Between 618 and 621 AD, the Sassanid Persian army defeated the East Roman (Byzantine) forces in Egypt and occupied the province. The fall of Alexandria, the capital of Roman Egypt, marked the first and most important stage in the Sassanid campaign to conquer this rich province, which eventually fell completely under Persian rule within a couple of years.
Background.
The Persian shah, Khosrau II, had taken advantage of the internal turmoil of the East Roman Empire after the overthrow of Emperor Maurice by Phocas to attack the Roman provinces in the East. By 615, the Persians had driven the Romans out of northern Mesopotamia, Syria and Palestine. Determined to eradicate Roman rule in Asia, Khosrau turned his sight on Egypt, the East Roman Empire's granary.
Fall of Egypt.
The Persian invasion of Egypt began either in 617 or 618, but little is known about the particulars of this campaign, since the province was practically cut off from the remaining Roman territories. The Persian army headed for Alexandria, where Nicetas, Heraclius' cousin and local governor, was unable to offer effective resistance. He and the Chalcedonian patriarch, John V, fled the city to Cyprus. According to the "Khuzistan Chronicle", Alexandria was then betrayed to the Persians by a certain Peter in June 619.
After the fall of Alexandria, the Persians gradually extended their rule southwards along the Nile. Sporadic resistance required some mopping-up operations, but by 621, the province was securely in Persian hands.
Aftermath.
Egypt would remain in Persian hands for 10 years, run by general Shahrbaraz from Alexandria. As the new Roman emperor, Heraclius, reversed the tide and defeated Khosrau, Shahrbaraz was ordered to evacuate the province, but refused. In the end, Heraclius, trying both to recover Egypt and to sow disunion amongst the Persians, offered to help Shahrbaraz seize the Persian throne for himself. An agreement was reached, and in the summer of 629, the Persian troops began leaving Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19306033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306033" title="Glen Brand">
Glen Brand

Glen Brand (3 November 1923 – 15 November 2008) was an American wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling. He was a graduate of Clarion, Iowa and Iowa State University. He was a three-time All-American for the Cyclones with an overall record of 54-3, earning a reputation as a fierce competitor and pinner. He was the first ISU athlete named to The Des Moines Register Sports Hall of Fame.
Brand competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "middleweight" class.
A high school wrestling tournament is held each year in his hometown of Clarion, Iowa. He died in Omaha, Nebraska, aged 85.
Glen Brand Wrestling Hall of Fame of Iowa.
The "Glen Brand Wrestling Hall of Fame of Iowa" began in 2002 and honors people connected to wrestling and Iowa. It is part of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame Dan Gable Museum in Waterloo, Iowa, which is operated by the Dan Gable International Wrestling Institute and Museum. The National Wrestling Hall of Fame Dan Gable Museum in Waterloo, Iowa, should not be confused with the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum in Stillwater, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="19306088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306088" title="Brent Simon">
Brent Simon

Brent Simon (born June 6, 1978) is a keyboard player best known for his videos The Bittorrent Song and Space Camp. He achieved popularity due to his unique melodies and lyrics. There is a documentary titled "Brentumentary" that explores an average day in Brent's life. Brentumentary features the him playing Space Camp and The Bittorrent song. Brent has been featured on G4 several times, the Thisisaknife web show, and on Jimmy Kimmel Live!. Brent works in Mantua, Ohio at his family's local grocery store.

</doc>
<doc id="19306098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306098" title="The Last Hungry Cat">
The Last Hungry Cat

The Last Hungry Cat is a "Merrie Melodies" cartoon animated short starring Tweety and Sylvester. Released December 2, 1961, the cartoon is directed by Friz Freleng and Hawley Pratt. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc and an un-credited June Foray and Ben Frommer who voiced the Alfred Hitchcock caricature.
The cartoon is a parody of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and contains a plot similar to both Hitchcock's movie "Blackmail" and the previous cartoon short "Birds Anonymous".
Story.
A caricature of Alfred Hitchcock — the shadow of a bear walking up to a silhouette of himself — appears in the opening segment. In a Hitchcock-like accent, the bear announces tonight's story "about a murder."
As Sylvester waits in an alley trash can, Granny bids Tweety good night. After Granny leaves to visit a neighbor, Sylvester sneaks into the apartment and stacks a bunch of furniture to reach the caged bird. He falls and is knocked out. When he awakens, Sylvester's finds one of Tweety's feathers in his mouth, and mistakenly believes he has eaten the bird. 
Sylvester laughs off the Hitchcock-bear's suggestion that he committed murder and that he will probably get away with his actions.
Sylvester flees to a nearest house to attempt to forget Hitchcock's taunts that he wishes "you could get away from your conscience." However, turning on the radio for music — the announcer flubs his lines to say, "Your local company will present gas chamber music ... I mean, your local gas company will present chamber music for your enjoyment".
The cat cries that he is a normal pussy cat ("After all, I am a pussycat with normal weaknesses.") Hitchcock suggests to Sylvester that he give himself up and accept the consequences. The cat takes the recommendation to heart until he sees the bird safe and sound, sleeping in his cage. Sylvester is overjoyed, grabs the bird and begins to kiss him.
Hitchcock attempts to relate the moral: "In the words of The Bard, 'Conscience makes cowards of us all!'" Sylvester (offscreen) throws a brick at the bear and tells him: "Ah, shut up!". The bear says "Good evening," then walks off with a lump on his head, the lump also having grown on his outline as the cartoon fades out.

</doc>
<doc id="19306124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306124" title="Henry Wittenberg">
Henry Wittenberg

Henry Wittenberg (September 18, 1918 – March 9, 2010) was a prodigious American wrestler and Olympic champion in freestyle wrestling. He won two Olympic medals and was the first American wrestler after 1908 to achieve this feat. He at one point in his career wrestled 300 matches without losing. He taught wrestling at Yeshiva University and City College of New York for thirteen years. In 1977, he was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Henry Wittenberg was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He became an excellent wrestler despite not wrestling in high school, where he instead swam and played chess. As a student at City College of New York he did not even consider himself athletic. However, the wrestling coach, Joe Sapora, introduced him to the sport. By his junior year of college, he was placing in prestigious college tournaments. After college, Wittenberg entered eight AAU tournaments. He won all eight of them. In the AAU tournaments he did not lose a match. He wrestled over 300 matches in a row and did not lose a single one. Wittenberg was the co-captain of the CCNY wrestling team together with Stanley Graze in 1939.
In 1948, Wittenberg entered the London Olympics. He was wrestling at the weight class 191.5 pounds. In the semifinals, he tore muscle tendons in his chest. His coach did not want him to wrestle in the finals, but Wittenberg was stubborn and wrestled anyway. He ended up winning the gold medal match. When he returned to the Bronx, he received a hero’s welcome.
Four years later, in 1952, Wittenberg entered the Helsinki Olympics as the returning champion. He once again reached the final match of the Olympics. This time he lost the match, but he still received the silver medal. He became the first American wrestler since 1908 to earn two Olympic medals.
Wittenberg also was studious. He earned a master’s degree in health education at the Teachers College, Columbia University. Later, he became a New York City police officer. He won five commendations of bravery while on the police force. He was actively involved in the Police Sports Association. He was also active in the establishment of the Maccabiah Games. These games are held every four years for Jewish athletes around the world.
Wittenberg coached the collegiate level wrestlers at Yeshiva University and City College of New York from 1967 to 1980. Additionally, he coached the 1968 Olympic team in Mexico City. Also, he wrote a best-selling book titled "Isometric Exercises". It has been through five printings.
Wittenberg was the first inductee to the CCNY Alumni Varsity Association Hall of Fame. He was elected into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame in 1977. 
Since the mid-1990s, Yeshiva University annually holds a wrestling tournament for Yeshiva high schools across the country named in his honor. Wittenberg was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame and Museum on March 21, 1993, recognizing his gold-medal-winning performances at the Maccabiah Games in both 1950 and 1953.
Olympics.
Wittenberg competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he received a gold medal in freestyle wrestling in the "light heavyweight" class. He received an Olympic silver medal in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19306144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306144" title="HMS Hilary (1931)">
HMS Hilary (1931)

HMS "Hilary", was a former passenger liner launched in 1931, as SS "Hilary", which was requisitioned by the Royal Navy during the Second World War and used as an ocean boarding vessel in the North Atlantic. It was later converted back to a merchantman but subsequently recommissioned back into the Royal Navy as an infantry landing and headquarters ship. At the end of the war in 1945 it was returned to civilian service, and scrapped in 1959.
History.
The ship was constructed to carry 80 first class and 250 second class passengers between the United Kingdom and South America, but was requisitioned in 1940 and refitted in South Shields as an Ocean Boarding Vessel.
Commissioned as HMS "Hilary", F22, the ship stopped the Italian tanker, "Recco" on 3 May 1941 but the crew of the tanker scuttled it before it could be captured. On 10 May "Hilary" successfully captured the Italian tanker .
The ship was returned to civilian service, and acted as a convoy commodore vessel in the North Atlantic. In October 1942 it was torpedoed amidships but the torpedo failed to explode. The following year it was recommissioned as a combined infantry landing ship and headquarters vessel (an Landing Ship Infantry (Headquarters), HMS "Hilary", following work at Birkenhead to equip it with six landing craft and accommodation for 313 crew and 378 soldiers.
During the July 1943 invasion of Sicily (Operation Husky), the ship conveyed the 1st Canadian Division and Royal Marine Commandos, and acted as the headquarters ship of Rear Admiral Sir Philip Vian. In October it was Commodore Geoffrey Oliver's headquarters at Operation Avalanche, the invasion of the Italian mainland at Salerno. The ship returned to Portsmouth in December, and was used again in June for Operation Neptune, the invasion of Normandy. Oliver once again used it as his headquarters, this time as commander of Naval Force J, and the ship also led Assault Convoy J11, troops landing from it on 6 June 1944 on Juno beach. "Hilary" was slightly damaged by a bomb on 13 June and on 23 June became the flagship of the Eastern Task Force because Admiral Vian's original flagship, HMS "Scylla", had been put out of action by a mine.
The ship was later returned to its original owners, Booth Steamship Company and returned to civilian service, following refitting to allow 93 first class and 138 third class passengers to be carried between the United Kingdom and South America. It was chartered to Elder Dempster and Company for use on the for their Liverpool - Lagos route but returned to Booth's South America route the following year. The ship was scrapped in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19306189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306189" title="Ti Th' Akouso Akoma">
Ti Th' Akouso Akoma

"Ti Th' Akouso Akoma" (Greek: "Τι θ'ακούσω ακόμα"; ) is a song by popular Greek artist Peggy Zina. It was released on July 4, 2000 by Nitro Music and is included on her album "Ena Hadi". The song was written by Kyriakos Papadopoulos and Ilias Fillipou and was released as a four track CD single.

</doc>
<doc id="19306193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306193" title="Mahalla (Bangladesh)">
Mahalla (Bangladesh)

A mahalla ( "maḥallä", ) is an Islamic congregation or parish in Bangladesh. Typically, a mahalla supports a single mosque. An imam is seen as the spiritual head of a mahalla. A mahalla is directly subordinate to a city or town, especially an electoral district, for ritual and representative purposes. Unlike Wards, it is an optional and non-elective unit of a City Corporation or Municipal Corporation. Historically, mahallas were autonomous social institutions built around familial ties and Islamic rituals. Today it is popularly recognised (also by the non-Muslim ) as a neighbourhood of mega cities and towns. Mahalle lies at the intersection of private family life and the public sphere. Important community-level management functions are performed through mahalle solidarity, such as religious ceremonies, life-cycle rituals, resource management, conflict resolution, and the like.

</doc>
<doc id="19306194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306194" title="List of Tampa Bay Rays Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Tampa Bay Rays Opening Day starting pitchers

The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Tampa Bay, Florida. They play in the American League East division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Rays have used ten different Opening Day starting pitchers in their sixteen seasons. Since the franchise's beginning in , the ten starters have a combined Opening Day record of four wins, six losses (4–6), and six no decisions. "No decisions" are awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
James Shields holds the Rays' record for most Opening Day starts with four, with one win, one loss, and two no decisions. The all-time record for a Tampa Bay pitcher winning an Opening Day game is one, shared by Steve Trachsel, Albie Lopez, Victor Zambrano, and James Shields.
Overall, Rays starting pitchers have a combined 2–3 record at home and 2–3 when they are away for Opening Day. In , the Rays opened the season against the New York Yankees at Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan. Although that game was not played in Tampa Bay's actual home of Tropicana Field, it was still considered a home game for the Rays. Tampa Bay beat the Yankees 8–3 in that game, giving starting pitcher Victor Zambrano the win.

</doc>
<doc id="19306198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306198" title="Robert Marsham (cricketer)">
Robert Marsham (cricketer)

Robert Henry Bullock Marsham (3 September 1833 – 5 April 1913) was an English cricketer, who made appearances for Oxford University and the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).
Primarily a bowler, Marsham took 35 wickets with his slow-medium roundarm deliveries. His greatest achievement was to bowl MCC to victory against a much stronger Surrey side in 1859, where he took twelve wickets in the match. He made many appearances for I Zingari, and also turned out for England against Kent in 1860.
A magistrate in his later years, Marsham died in Canterbury in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19306215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306215" title="2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open – Singles">
2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open – Singles

Martina Hingis was the defending champion, but retired from the sport on November 1, 2007.
Dinara Safina won in the final 6–1, 6–3, against Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19306244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306244" title="Pueblo County Courthouse">
Pueblo County Courthouse

The Pueblo County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Pueblo, Colorado. 
The building, designed by New Yorker Albert Ross, and executed in 1908—1912 in brick and white sandstone, was the third building to serve as the county courthouse. 

</doc>
<doc id="19306249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306249" title="Claudio Pollio">
Claudio Pollio

Claudio Pollio (born 27 May 1958 in Napoli) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Pollio competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "light flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19306278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306278" title="Mehran (district)">
Mehran (district)

Mehran district is a neighborhood of northern Tehran. The area is named after the Mehran garden. It is located east of Shariati Avenue, west of Niavaran Expressway, north of Resalat Expressway, and southeast of Hemmat Expressway.

</doc>
<doc id="19306280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306280" title="BSAA Star Ariel disappearance">
BSAA Star Ariel disappearance

Star Ariel (registration G-AGRE) was an Avro Tudor Mark IVB passenger aircraft owned and operated by British South American Airways (BSAA) which disappeared without a trace over the Atlantic Ocean while on a flight between Bermuda and Kingston, Jamaica on 17 January 1949. The loss of the aircraft along with that of BSAA Avro Tudor "Star Tiger" in January 1948 remain unsolved to this day, with the resulting speculation helping to develop the Bermuda Triangle legend.
Background.
British South American Airways (BSAA) was an airline created by former World War II pilots in an effort to provide service on the previously untapped South American trade and passenger routes. Originally named British Latin American Air Lines (BLAIR) it was split off from the British Overseas Airways Corporation to operate their South Atlantic routes. It commenced transatlantic services in March 1946, with a BSAA plane making the first operational flight from London's Heathrow Airport. The airline operated mostly Avro aircraft: Yorks, Lancastrians and Tudors, and flew to Bermuda, the West Indies and the western coast of South America.
Loss.
The "Star Ariel" was one of three enlarged and improved versions of the Avro Tudor, designated Mark IVs. On 17 January 1949 the "Star Ariel" was awaiting flight instructions at Kindley Field, Bermuda, with no passengers. BSAA Tudor G-AHNK "Star Lion" meanwhile suffered an engine failure on approach to Bermuda, landing without incident. "Star Ariel" was promptly pressed into service to take G-AHNK's passengers on to their destination of Kingston, Jamaica.
"Star Ariel" took off at 08:41 with 7 crew and 13 passengers. Weather conditions were excellent, and her pilot, Captain John McPhee, decided on a high altitude flight to take advantage of it. About an hour into the flight McPhee contacted Kingston by radio:
And then at 09:42:
No more messages were received from "Star Ariel" and Kingston finally reported her overdue.
Search.
The search for the "Star Ariel" began with another Tudor IV, G-AHNJ "Star Panther". She had earlier landed at Nassau, and now refueled and took off at 15:25 to fly out to "Star Ariel's" route, bisect it, and follow it back to Bermuda. Another aircraft took off from Bermuda, flew , then did a lattice search all the way back. A US Navy task force headed by the battleship and including the aircraft carriers USS "Kearsarge" and USS "Leyte" assisted in the search, which expanded to dozens of ships and several planes over the next few days.
By 19 January the search had been broadened to an area of southwest of Bermuda. USAF Major Keith Cloe, who had been put in charge, said that the search would be continued until 22 January and extended if any reports of debris were received. The search was finally abandoned on 23 January, with aircraft from Kindley Field having flown over . No sign of debris, oil slicks, or wreckage had been found.
Investigation.
A representative of the Chief Inspector of Accidents left for Bermuda on 18 January 1949.
It was revealed that there had been no bad weather, none of the weather reports indicating any abnormal conditions, and the chance of any marked clear air turbulence was almost nil. There were no clouds above over the whole of the aircraft's route.
However, although the weather was good, the day in question had suffered communication problems ranging from static to poor reception to complete blackouts lasting as much as 10 minutes which came and went, selectively affecting certain planes calling certain stations from different angles. The communication problem lasted almost exactly the entire time the "Star Ariel" would have been in flight, finally lifting around 13:07.
This was investigated, along with McPhee's switch over to Kingston frequency which was considered early, as he was still close to Bermuda at the time. It was considered possible that a distress transmission on that frequency might not have been heard, given the aircraft's distance from Kingston.
However, a BSAA representative in Kingston observed:
Conclusions.
On 21 December 1949 the report of the inquiry was issued by the Chief Inspector of Accidents, Air Commodore Vernon Brown, CB, OBE, MA, FRAeS. In it he stated that "through lack of evidence due to no wreckage having been found, the cause of the accident is unknown."
Brown said that there was no evidence of defect in, or failure of, any part of the aircraft before its departure from Bermuda. The all-up weight and the centre of gravity were within the prescribed limits; a daily inspection had been carried out; the pilot was experienced on the route; the radio officer was very experienced and also experienced on the route; good radio communications had been maintained with the aircraft up to and including reception of its last message; there were no weather complications, and a study of the weather reports have no reason to believe that the accident was caused by meteorological conditions. There was also no evidence of sabotage, though Brown said that the possibility of such could not be entirely eliminated.
It was accepted that radio communications were poor during the early afternoon and worsened between 16:00 and 17:00, but Brown said it seemed strange that no attempt was made by BSAA staff at Kingston to find out whether anything had been heard of the aircraft until 2 hours 28 minutes after its last radio transmission. Kingston also did not attempt to establish contact with the aircraft until 17:10 or inquire as to whether it had made contact with Nassau or New York or any other radio station.
Aftermath.
As a result of the loss, BSAA withdrew all five of their remaining Tudor IVs from service until each had been examined. The company faced problems in maintaining its services, since it was difficult to find aircraft of sufficient range, and considered chartering Avro Lancastrians.
Don Bennett, who had been fired by BSAA in 1948 when he objected to a judicial investigation into the loss of the "Star Tiger", later claimed that both the "Star Tiger" and "Star Ariel" had been sabotaged and that "a known war-registered saboteur" had been seen near the "Star Tiger" shortly before its last takeoff. He also claimed that Prime Minister Clement Attlee had ordered all enquiries into the incidents to be abandoned.
The Tudor IV aircraft were converted to freight use, but Bennett had two restored to passenger use, and one of these, G-AKBY "Star Girl", crashed near Cardiff in March 1950 with the loss of 80 lives, at that time the worst air accident in Britain. An enquiry found incorrect loading to be the cause.

</doc>
<doc id="19306285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306285" title="Khedive, Saskatchewan">
Khedive, Saskatchewan

Khedive is an unincorporated settlement in southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada. The former village was formally dissolved in 2002. Its population as of 2006 is 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19306288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306288" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle

Women's 10 metre air rifle was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Renata Mauer narrowly defeated Petra Horneber to win her first Olympic gold medal, as well as the first gold medal of the Atlanta games. Aleksandra Ivošev won the bronze medal; all three medalists finished within 0.4 points of each other.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19306297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306297" title="Majid Torkan">
Majid Torkan

Majid Torkan (born 1965) is an Iranian freestyle wrestler in Flyweight class, who won the gold medal by World Championship 1990. Like his fellow Iranian wrestlers in 1980's his sport career was affected by not participation of Iran at the Olympic Games 1984 and World Championships 1986 Budapest and 1987 Clermont-Ferrand.
Trivia.
In 1986, after winning the gold medal at the Asian Games, he was criticized by Iranian media after a TV interview when he said that in Iran he does not have a serious opponent in his weight class. Later he apologized and said that Oveis Mallah is a respected opponent in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19306313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306313" title="Spontaneous osteonecrosis of the knee">
Spontaneous osteonecrosis of the knee

Spontaneous Osteonecrosis of the Knee, also known as Ahlback's disease is the result of vascular arterial insufficiency to the medial femoral condyle of the knee resulting in necrosis and destruction of bone. It is often unilateral and can be associated with a meniscal tear.
Cause.
It is more common in females over the age of 50 with possible risk factors of corticosteroid use, Lupus, alcoholism, pancreatitis, sickle cell anemia, and rheumatoid arthritis.
Signs and Symptoms.
The condition is usually characterized by a sudden onset of knee pain, worse at night. Examination reveals tenderness of the medial femoral condyle, joint effusion, and occasional locking of the knee joint.

</doc>
<doc id="19306318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306318" title="Maria Snyder">
Maria Snyder

Maria Snyder is an artist, designer, model, activist and entrepreneur. Snyder's artistic background began in her youth as a painter and sculptor. She is the daughter of industrialist real estate developer, Arthur T. Snyder, who was an early pioneer in the revitalization of Portland, Maine. Maria attended school in Athens, Greece, studied at the American University in Paris and received a master's degree in 20th Century Art History.
Modeling career.
While in Paris, Maria was discovered by Yves Saint Laurent, after Marisa Berenson introduced her to Saint Laurent's muse, Loulou de la Falaise. Maria quickly rose to fame within the fashion industry as one of Saint Laurent's chosen models. This launched an international modeling career and work with designers Karl Lagerfeld, Valentino, Gianni Versace, Moschino, Armani, Emanuel Ungaro, Calvin Klein and Geoffrey Beene. She has also worked with photography giants Helmut Newton, Steven Meisel, and Matthew Rolston and worked closely with legendary David LaChapelle. Maria was a muse to celebrated artist Alex Katz and to one of the greatest fashion illustrators in history, Antonio Lopez. She is featured as the cover art of Lopez's book, "Antonio's People". After moving to New York, Andy Warhol encouraged Maria's art. When embarking on a fashion career, Warhol remarked that "A photo of you is all people need to see to launch your career." Maria was also featured in Norma Kamali's campaign with Andie MacDowell and Dolce & Gabbana's campaign with Monica Bellucci. Maria was immortalized in the "Dick Tracy" comic strips as the inspiration for the "designing woman" character in the series.
Fashion career.
Maria's career in fashion was spearheaded by Anouk Aimée's daughter, Manuela Papatakis. She introduced Maria to Diane von Fürstenberg, who gave Maria her first exhibition featuring her jewelry as art. Maria's pieces, which included both costume and fine jewelry, were shown in Estee Lauder and Revlon advertising campaigns. Maria then launched a fashion business. She developed collections featuring hand painted silk, elegant bead work and graphic prints. She showcased her collections in Paris and New York and began shipping to specialty and department stores around the globe. She also worked on a line of jewelry for Emilio Pucci and created fanciful bracelets for New York's Museum of Modern Art. Felissimo then partnered with Maria and featured her wearable art and jewelry collections. Maria was hailed by Felissimo for being "one of the first designers to introduce an exclusive eco collection from recycled materials." Her designs were worn by celebrities, models and aristocrats including: Madonna, Rosie O'Donnell, Cindy Crawford, Christie Brinkley, Anne Hearst, Mrs. Henry Ford, Princess Olga of Greece and Princess Marie Chantal of Greece.
Message brands.
Maria's most recent brands, Eco Boys and Girls, EcoBrands, A Message of Love and IAM, deliver messages of environmental awareness and interconnectedness. In 2010, Maria launched Eco Boys and Girls, an educational tool for children to learn, engage and participate with simple but direct messages of love, peace and environmental awareness. Eco Boys and Girls premiered at the Liberty Science Center in Jersey City, New Jersey on April 24, 2010. Since then, the National Education Association (NEA) has adopted Eco Boys and Girls lesson plans into their curriculum. The NEA and Friends of the United Nations have also welcomed the Eco Boys and Girls as pro-environmental advocates. The NEA's Green Across America Program features the Eco Boys and Girls as icons. In 2011, Eco Boys and Girls were featured presenters in Grand Central Terminal's Earth Day 2011 celebration, as well as featured partners at American Renewable Energy Day 2011 in Aspen, Colorado, August 2011.
In addition, the Eco Boys and Girls short film has been selected to present at Global Peace Film Festival, Sustainable Planet Film Festival, Artivist Film Festival and presented at American Renewable Energy Day. Friends of the United Nations presents Eco Boys and Girls, the Millennium Kids at the United Nations to share awareness of UN Millennium Goals. In September, 2010 the Association of Science and Technology Centers presented the Eco Boys and Girls as participants in their call to action for science education to support the Millennium Development Goals.
Leading a new generation of artists.
Maria is receiving increasing recognition as "Leading a New Generation of Artists for Peace". In 2009 the Fulbright Center featured Maria's HeartsUnite painting at The Global Symposium of Peaceful Nations in Washington, D.C. Her MandalaLoveBubbles triptych artwork is on permanent display at the Medical City Children's Hospital in Dallas, Texas. The American Public Health Association (APHA) at the annual conference in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania describes Maria's art "as an emerging body of work that spans graphic, advertising, and fine arts in techniques and media while discussing the challenges of bringing images and ideas about peace into the modern mainstream after decades of marginalization." Maria's mural, Wall Of Peace'n Love, was installed in the entranceway to the new Medical City Children's Hospital in Dallas, Texas. Maria Snyder was a speaker on her PeaceART at the Newark Peace Education Summit. Her discussion Global Call to Action through PeaceART is a project that helps empower children around the world through art and action, utilizing murals, film, and prose.
Honors, boards, awards.
Tiffany and Co. announced Maria as "One of America's Hottest Fashion Designers" along with Isaac Mizrahi and Anna Sui. She has been recognized by the "Encyclopedia of Costume Jewelry" as "one of the few top jewelry designers to collect." Maria has been nominated to the Council of Fashion Designers of America and the International Best Dressed List. She has been named Ambassador of Arts to the Middle East Peace Civic Forum and is an advisory board member to the International Committee against Mental Illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19306322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306322" title="HMS Hilary">
HMS Hilary

HMS "Hilary" may refer to one of the following Royal Navy ships, both of which were Booth Steamship Company passenger liners requisitioned by the Royal Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="19306333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306333" title="Ibn Abi Zayd">
Ibn Abi Zayd

Abu Muhammad Abdullah ibn Abi Zayd al-Qayrawani (922–996) was a Maliki scholar from Kairouan in Tunisia. His best known work is "Al-Risala" or the Epistle, an instructional book devoted to the education of young children. He was a member of the Nafzawah tribe of Berbers and lived in Kairouan. In addition, he served as the Imam (spiritual leader) of one of the mosques' that followed the Maliki School tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="19306342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306342" title="Ri Hak-Son">
Ri Hak-Son

Ri Hak-Son (born 12 August 1969) is a North Korean wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Ri competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19306363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306363" title="2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open – Doubles">
2008 Toray Pan Pacific Open – Doubles

Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur were the defending champions, but Vania King and Nadia Petrova defeated them 6–1, 6–4, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19306365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306365" title="Zakir Hussain (actor)">
Zakir Hussain (actor)

Zakir Hussain is an Indian film and television character actor who is known for his negative and comic roles. His best known performances include those of Rashid in Ramgopal Varma's 2005 film "Sarkar", and Shardul in Sriram Raghavan's 2007 film "Johnny Gaddaar".
Early life and background.
Zakir Hussain was born and brought up in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh. It was during his studies in Delhi that he first got attracted to the world of theater and cinema. He started out with "small time" theater, and then joined the Shri Ram Centre for Performing Arts. He then joined the prestigious National School of Drama and graduated in 1993.
Career.
Hussain did theater for a few years and then came to Mumbai to work in television and films. He started out with serials like Firdaus, Kitty Party and Gaatha, and this earned him recognition. Sriram Raghavan's 2004 film Ek Hasina Thi was his first film as actor. Hussain's role in the film was limited to two scenes, but he managed to impress director Ramgopal Varma who then offered him the role of Rashid in Sarkar. This role of a cold blooded villain was much appreciated and Hussain received the "New Menace" award at the 2006 Stardust Film Awards. After Sarkar, Varma cast Hussain in almost every production of his.
Hussain's second noteworthy performance was his role of Shardul in another Raghavan film - Johnny Gaddaar. This performance was so well received by audiences that people on the streets started addressing Hussain as Shardul. This was the film that brought him both decent pay cheques as well as fame.
Hussain is also a talented musician - a percussionist as well as singer. However, he is not to be confused with the famous tabla virtuoso Zakir Hussain (born 1951), who starred in the film "Heat and Dust".

</doc>
<doc id="19306373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306373" title="Church Leigh">
Church Leigh

Church Leigh is a village and largest settlement in the civil parish of Leigh in the English county of Staffordshire, England. The village is WNW of the town of Uttoxeter, north east of Stafford and north west of London.
Transport.
The village lies 0.8 miles south of the A50 that runs from Warrington to Leicester and is dualled on this section (between Stoke-on-Trent and the M1 motorway).
The nearest railway station is at Uttoxeter for the Crewe to Derby line on the national network.
The nearest airport is East Midlands Airport between Derby, Loughborough and Nottingham.
History.
Church Leigh has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Church Leigh is recorded by the name "Lege"
Localities.
The civil parish of Leigh is centred on the clustered village of Church Leigh but has six satellite hamlets. Separating the last four from the first is a field buffer including the River Blithe which flows south, via the Blithfield Reservoir lake south to feed the River Trent at Alrewas, Staffordshire.
Withington.
Withington is a linear settlement on five lanes that is separated to the west from Church Leigh by fields covering 300m; its oldest farmhouse is a listed building.
Upper Leigh.
Withington is a linear settlement on five or six lanes that is separated to the south-east from Lower Leigh by fields covering 100m; it has three listed buildings: Church Leigh by fields covering 300m, Moor Farm, Moor House Farm and Manor Farm.
Lower Leigh.
Lower Leigh is on a winding lane, separated from the village Primary School and recreation ground by less than 100 metres, to its north-west. The middle of the parish's three bridges along the lanes over the River Blithe is close to the centre of Lower Leigh. Next to this bridge is the aptly-named Brook Farmhouse.
Morrilow Heath.
This is the largest hamlet in area and population, and the most remote. To the south-west, it is on high ground and has a salient boundary as far as the source of the Sprink Brook.
Middleton Green.
Middleton Green is small in population and less than 200m north-east of Morrilow Heath and is south-west of Lower Leigh. Birchwood Park, an isolated farm, towards the Sprink Brook was historically a manor of sorts and is an architectural listed building, like the others in the parish which are non-ecclesiastical, at Grade II only. Big Wood, rises to the southern border here with extensive views over the rest of the village
Dods Leigh.
This traditionally agricultural cluster of buildings includes a chapel, and is south of Lower Leigh.
Godstone.
Just 300m south of Dods Leigh, a traditional manor forms a linear settlement, the traces of which can be made out from the properties, The Orchard, Godstone House and Godstone Cottage, as well as Old Woodcutter, the main four buildings.
Field.
Six farms make up a cluster which forms Field; the Sprink Brook discharges to the River Blythe at a point in the south of the hamlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19306385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306385" title="Pueblo Federal Building">
Pueblo Federal Building

The Pueblo Federal Building is a historic government building in Pueblo, Colorado, United States. The building serves as a federal courthouse and post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19306396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306396" title="Pont de les Ferreres">
Pont de les Ferreres

The Pont de les Ferreres (; also known as Pont del Diable in Catalan, ) is a Roman bridge, part of the Roman aqueduct built to supply water to the ancient city of Tárraco, today Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain. The aqueduct bridge is located 4 kilometers north of the city. The aqueduct is part of the Archaeological Ensemble of Tarraco, which was added to the UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites in 2000.
__NOTOC__
Description.
The Tárraco aqueduct took water from the Francolí river, 15 kilometers north of Tarragona. It probably dates from the time of Augustus.
The Pont de les Ferreres is composed of two levels of arches: the upper section has 25 arches, and the lower one has 11. All arches have the same diameter of 20 Roman feet (5.9m) with a variation of 15 cm. The distance between centres of the pillars is 26 Roman feet (7.95m). It has a maximum height of and a length of , including the ends where the specus (water channel) runs atop a wall.

</doc>
<doc id="19306407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306407" title="A discography">
A discography

The discography of A, a British alternative rock band, currently consists of four studio albums, one live albums, one extended play (EP) and sixteen singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19306425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306425" title="Astore River">
Astore River

Astor River is a tributary of the Indus River and one of the rivers draining the Deosai Plateau, running through Astore Valley. The river originates from western slopes of Burzil Pass.
Astor river joins Gilgit River at coordinates .

</doc>
<doc id="19306427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306427" title="Guist">
Guist

Guist is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 242 in 102 households as of the 2001 census. For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of Breckland.
The village is home to the Sennowe Park Estate and is surrounded by land owned by Mr.Thomas Cooke. At the crossroads of the A1067 and the B1110 is the Clock Tower, a distinctive landmark of the area. The old 1930 bridge on the B1110 to North Elmham was replaced by an eco friendly new bridge in 2002. On the village green is an example of a brick kiln. The church of St Andrew and contains a "Green Man" carving on the pulpit.
Twyford House is a Grade II listed manor house on the edge of the village. 
The local pub is called The Ordnance Arms, where they have an adjacent Thai restaurant. As well as this business, the village also has a number of prospering farms in and around the local area.

</doc>
<doc id="19306460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306460" title="Faith Christian School (Indiana)">
Faith Christian School (Indiana)

Faith Christian School is a coeducational Pre-K -12 Christian day school located in facilities provided by Faith Baptist Church of Lafayette, Indiana. 
History.
Faith Christian School was founded by members of Faith Baptist Church and opened in 1997 with 48 students in grades 9-12. Seventh and eighth grades were added for the 1998-1999 school year and PK3-sixth grades were added for 2000-2001. Kossuth Street Baptist Church's Highland Christian School merged with Faith Christian School in August 2002.
Faith Christian School has been accredited by the American Association of Christian Schools since February 2001 as well as the Indiana Department of Education (Freeway School) since February 2004. Faith Christian School is also approved by Homeland Security to issue I-20 documents to qualified international students allowing them to obtain F-1 visas from the US Consulate in their country.
Extracurricular activities.
Faith Christian School offers band, choir, drawing, engineering, home economics, drama, and yearbook as courses and qualified eleventh and twelfth grade students may participate in American Christian Honor Society. 
The school fields teams in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, bowling, golf, wrestling, soccer, softball, track, and volleyball.
Schedule.
The School schedule is based on a block system with five periods each day, with separate schedules for each Maroon and Gold days. The first and third periods last approximately 60 minutes, with the second, fourth, and fifth about 90 minutes.
Curriculum.
High school students must complete 56 credits to graduate with either a Core 40 or Advanced Honor diploma. The Advanced Honor diploma has more rigorous math, science and foreign language requirements and requires a minimum GPA of 3.0.
The School also provides four Advanced Placement classes: AP U.S. History, AP English, AP Chemistry, and AP Calculus AB.

</doc>
<doc id="19306477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306477" title="Electoral district of Whitford">
Electoral district of Whitford

Whitford was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1977 to 1996.
History.
The district was based in the northern suburbs of Perth and was created first contested at the 1977 state election. The seat was won by Liberal candidate Mick Nanovich, then member for the abolished Toodyay.
Whitford was captured by Labor candidate Pam Beggs, when Labor came to power at the 1983 state election. The seat was lost to Liberal candidate Rob Johnson at the 1993 state election, again coinciding with a change of government. Whitford was abolished ahead of the 1996 state election and Johnson successfully contested the replacement seat of Hillarys.

</doc>
<doc id="19306492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306492" title="Smalls Falls">
Smalls Falls

Smalls Falls, a waterfall in Maine, is a series of waterfalls and cascades on the Sandy River in Township E, West Central Franklin, Maine, in the United States. It totals in height, and consists of (from top to bottom) a 12-foot slide/horsetail, a 25-foot segmented waterfall, a 14-foot horsetail, and a 3-foot cascade, separated by pools. A rest area on Maine Route 4 provides access to the falls; the rest area includes pit toilets, parking and picnic tables.

</doc>
<doc id="19306497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306497" title="Willow Vale, New South Wales (Kiama)">
Willow Vale, New South Wales (Kiama)

Willow Vale is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, in the Municipality of Kiama. It is made up of residences, dairy farms, and more recently the Crooked River Winery.
It is located just outside the town of Gerringong, New South Wales on the South Coast, Australia, and can be accessed from the Princes Highway.
Its highest point is higher than 100 m above sea level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19306503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306503" title="1958–59 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1958–59 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1958–59 campaign was a season under Bill Shankly, which saw Town make little progress up the Division 2 table, with the team finishing in 14th place.
Review.
Bill Shankly attempted to improve on Town's 9th place finish the previous season. Their form was mixed for a large portion of the season with many wins, draws and losses at exactly the wrong time of the season. Their best wins were a 5–0 win over Liverpool, a 5–1 win over Middlesbrough and a 5–2 away win at Leyton Orient.
They finished in 14th place with just 40 points, although they were 12 points clear of relegated Grimsby Town, but they were 20 points behind promoted Fulham.

</doc>
<doc id="19306595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306595" title="Suzy Klein">
Suzy Klein

Suzy Klein is a British writer and BBC broadcaster, specialising in music and arts programmes.
Early years and education.
Klein grew up in Maida Vale, London, she was born in 1975, the eldest of four siblings. She attended South Hampstead High School before graduating with first-class honours in Music in 1996 from the University of Oxford. While there, she directed and produced short films and presented a weekly live arts show on the student radio station Oxygen FM. She gained a postgraduate diploma in broadcast journalism from City University London before travelling to Canada to work as a presenter on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's radio and TV services.
BBC.
She returned to the UK to work for the BBC - first as an assistant producer at Radio 4 on programmes including "Start the Week" and "Loose Ends". She then moved to BBC Television, working as a director and producer on a range of arts and music films. Klein became a presenter in 2005, when she was listed in ""The Guardian"'s 25 up-and-coming cultural figures". In 2008, she became "the new face of the Proms". She has also presented the BBC2 programmes "The Culture Show", "BBC Young Musician of the Year" and "The Review Show". 
Klein currently hosts Radio 3's drivetime show, "In Tune", alongside "Music Matters", concerts and events. She has been one of the lead voices on the station's major campaigns of recent years, including its celebrations of the complete works of Mozart and Schubert. 
She guest presents Saturday Live on BBC Radio 4 and has made a documentary for the station about fear and phobias.
Other broadcast work.
Klein presents Sky Arts' flagship performance programme, "Greats at Eight", weekday evenings on Sky Arts 2. She also presented "Aida" from the Royal Albert Hall (March 2012) for the broadcaster and a forthcoming series, 'The Rosenblatt Recitals', will air in summer 2013.
In 2011, Klein presented the first ever live opera in 3D, hosting the Director's Cut with Mike Figgis - a live, 3 hour discussion with the director about his new production of "Lucrezia Borgia".
Klein has done a broad range of voiceover work, from BBC1 primetime documentaries on Pink Floyd and The Carpenters to a three-part series on Brazil, and an Arts TV series for BBC Four.
Writing.
Klein is a contributor to the features and review pages of "New Statesman", "BBC Music Magazine" and "The Guardian".
She co-authored a book with her sister, Jacky Klein, entitled "What is Contemporary Art? A Children's Guide", commissioned by the Museum of Modern Art, New York and published in September 2012 by Thames & Hudson. It has been translated into 7 foreign language editions.
Charity.
Klein is a patron of Scale Vocal Trust, a charity which helps talented young singers realise their potential and get into music college.

</doc>
<doc id="19306609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306609" title="Sir Nigel Gresley, 6th Baronet">
Sir Nigel Gresley, 6th Baronet

Sir Nigel Gresley, 6th Baronet (c. 1727 - 7 April 1787) was an English land-owner, mine-owner and the builder of Sir Nigel Gresley's Canal.
Gresley was the son of Sir Thomas Gresley, 4th Baronet and his first wife Dorothy Bowyer, daughter of Sir William Bowyer, 4th Baronet. He succeeded his brother who died of smallpox without issue in 1753. As well as Drakelow in Derbyshire, Gresley inherited from his mother's family Knypersley Hall at Biddulph, Staffordshire. He became High Sheriff of Staffordshire in 1759.
Gresley owned coal mines at Apedale in Staffordshire. In 1773 an Act of Parliament was passed allowing him to build a canal from Apedale to Newcastle-under-Lyme. The canal opened in 1776 was called the Sir Nigel Gresley's Canal.
Family.
Gresley married in 1753 Elizabeth Wynn, daughter of the Rev. Wynn, of Cheshire and had a son, Nigel Bowyer Gresley, and six daughters. He was succeeded by his son. His daughter Anne married industrialist John Edensor Heathcote.

</doc>
<doc id="19306622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306622" title="Eddie &amp; JoBo">
Eddie &amp; JoBo

Ed Volkman and Joe "Bohannan" Colborn or more commonly known by their on-air names Eddie & JoBo, are radio personalities in Chicago, Illinois. The duo are best known for their 26 year run at WBBM-FM, known on-air as B96, for 24 years from 1984 to 2008. They were fired from B96 in 2008 and were hired by WLS-AM as Saturday night talk show hosts in 2010. On March 10, 2011, it was announced that the duo would be returning to the CBS Radio Chicago cluster as the morning show on the new 104.3 K-HITS starting March 14, 2011. It was announced on December 6, 2012 Eddie & JoBo had their last day on 104.3 KHiTs.
History.
Joe Bohannon first signed on at WBBM-FM, known on-air as B96, in 1984 hosting an evening show as “JoBo In Chicago”. Ed Volkman started at B96 in 1986 hosting the morning show along with Karen Hand and Mike Elston. Elston left B96 in 1988 and Bohannon was moved to mornings along with Volkman and Hand; the creation of “Eddie & JoBo”.
The duo enjoyed success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. They invited their listeners, who they dubbed “The Worlds Most Dangerous Audience”, to assist in pranks such as cold water wake-up calls, the daily Twinkie check, and mattress attacks. Eddie & JoBo rode a wave of success, but on May 10, 1994, they were fired in the aftermath of a multi-million dollar defamation lawsuit filed against them by former WMAQ-TV newsanchor Joan Esposito. Esposito sued Eddie & JoBo in 1993 after JoBo falsely aired a statement that she had been impregnated by a member of the Chicago Bulls. Esposito eventually won a public apology and $1 million.
It was then that B96 decided to move the morning drive in a new direction, asking the listeners to “choose” the new morning drive in what was known as “The B96 Morning Show Open Auditions” which ran through the summer of 1994. Terry Jacobs and Bill Cody were chosen by the listeners to be the successors of Eddie & JoBo. However, very few people warmed up to “T.J. & Wild Bill” and the number of listeners dropped when compared to Eddie & JoBo's show. 
Caving into pressure from a campaign lead by former co-workers and former on-air host Karen Hand, plus many phone calls and letters sent by Eddie & JoBo loyalists, B96 announced on December 12, 1996 that Eddie & JoBo had been re-hired, and would be returning to host the morning drive along with Frankie “Hollywood” Rodriguez starting January 13, 1997 from 5–8 am.
B96 began to see significant improvements in their morning drive ratings as the combo “Eddie & JoBo And Frankie” show and “Private Lives” slowly crept its way up the ratings. Afraid of another possible lawsuit, station management stepped in to exert more control over the show. They made on-air staff changes and imposed a taped delay, at times as long as 20 minutes. Every word spoken by the duo was closely monitored and had to be approved by a member of management prior to airing. In addition, a member of management had to be in the studio with Eddie & JoBo at all times or they could not broadcast.
Eddie & JoBo adapted to the changes, and ratings continued to climb back to their former glory. Private Lives was dropped from morning drive in 1999 and Eddie & JoBo hosted from 5–10am under tight restrictions until May 29, 2002. Rival station WKSC-FM 103.5 made an offer to them to do morning drive unrestricted on their station. B96 pulled the show as a negotiation tactic in the hopes of keeping the show. Negotiations continued until July when B96 announced that Eddie & JoBo signed on with the station in a 7 year, $21 million deal that begin immediately. Also, B96 agreed to drop all restrictions on the show.
Eddie & JoBo resumed a live show on July 22, 2002. However, the show began to see a marked decline in ratings. Many attributed this to the station's overall severe decline in ratings ever since dropping its heavy dance music format for an all hip-hop & rap format in the late 90’s. Ever since abandoning dance music, B96 witnessed a steady decline from #1 in 1998, all the way down to #9, and even lower in recent years. 
On November 21, 2008, Eddie, JoBo and Erica were relieved of their morning show duties.
Career at WLS AM.
After being fired in November 2008, Facebook groups were made petitioning for Eddie & JoBo to be put back on air. B96 still aired the United Auto Insurance radio commercials until their contract expired. Months later, they served as fill-in personaalities on the WLS-AM weekeday talk show "The Roe Conn Show". This led to their hiring by WLS as Saturday night hosts. Their show aired every Saturday night from 7-9pm, occasionally 9:30pm-Midnight.
The show was dubbed "Eddie and Jobo's Saturday Night Talk Party" and received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
CDs.
B96 has released CDs from its many DJs and "mixmasters", the most notable being Too Kool Kris. Eddie, JoBo, and B96 released 2 CDs entitled "Eddie & JoBo Funny Songs Vol. 1" and "Eddie & JoBo Funny Songs Vol. 2." However, these CDs did not contain just songs, regardless of the fact that Eddie & JoBo had made enough songs to do so.
Funny Songs Vol.1 came out in 2001, in the Chicago area stores. It was released by MCM records and sold at area stores. It was an enhanced computer CD and included parodies of songs by Backstreet Boys, Enrique Iglesias, The Outhere Brothers, Ohio Players, Reality and others.
Vol. 1 Track Listing
1. Intro
2. Sammy Sosa
3. Psycho Shower
4. Jazz Boys
5. Mrs. Pillafuff's Answering Machine Message
6. Boom Boom Valpo
7.Mrs. Pillafuff Searches For NSYNC Tickets
8. Another Bite
9. Marge McDouche's Answering Machine Message
10. Tonya
11. Marge McDouche's Crab Love Test!
12. Buy More Clothes
13. Quit Blowing Fumes From Cigars
14. Backstreet Boys Interview (Part 1)
15. Backstreet Boys Interview (Part 2)
16. Backstreet Boys Interview (Part 3)
17. Backstreet Boys Interview (Part 4)
18. Eddie & JoBo's Christmas Song
Other songs by Eddie & JoBo
Ken Doll (paraody of Barbie Girl by Aqua
Dumber Girls (parody of Summer Girls by LFO
Man, I Feel Like a Man! (parody of Man, I feel like a Woman by Shania Twain)

</doc>
<doc id="19306623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306623" title="Jack Endino discography">
Jack Endino discography

Jack Endino is an influential audio engineer and musician particularly associated with Seattle label Sub Pop and the grunge movement. 
This list contains albums and EPs Endino has recorded, mixed, and/or produced, and is incomplete.

</doc>
<doc id="19306662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306662" title="Pretoria National Botanical Garden">
Pretoria National Botanical Garden

The Pretoria National Botanical Garden is one of South Africa's nine National Botanical Gardens. The garden is wedged between Pretoria Road and Cussonia Avenue in Brummeria, in eastern Pretoria, Gauteng, and flanks a central rocky ridge that runs from east to west. The garden was established in 1946, and of late hosts the headquarters of the South African National Biodiversity Institute.
Layout.
The day visitors' entrance is along Cussonia Avenue. This western section contains the wetland, cycad garden, succulent garden, useful plants garden, medicinal garden and enabling garden. Situated among these is a restaurant, concert stage, tea garden and function hall beside an artificial waterfall. 
Situated around the center of the garden is the National Herbarium, Biodiversity Center and Environmental Education Center. Aloe Lodge (formerly Velcich House) north of the ridge is destined to house offices of the Working for Wetlands and Grassland Programmes.
The eastern side of the garden is less developed. An arboretum and natural grassland is located here, besides the Dassie walking trail along the central ridge, and the garden offices.

</doc>
<doc id="19306663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306663" title="Benthosuchus">
Benthosuchus

Benthosucus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Russia. The genus was named in 1937, and the type species, "Benthosuchus sushkini", was named in 1940. "Benthosuchus" has traditionally been considered a member of the temnospondyl superfamily Trematosauroidea, and the family Benthosuchidae was established in 1940 to include "Benthosuchus" and the related trematosauroid "Thoosuchus". Some recent phylogenetic studies have removed "Benthosuchus" from Trematosauroidea entirely, placing it as a closer relative of Mastodonsauroidea, another group of Triassic temnospondyls. Other studies retain "Benthosuchus" within Trematosauroidea, but since "Benthosuchus" and "Thoosuchus" have successively basal positions on these trees they form a paraphyletic grouping, not a valid clade. In either case, Benthosuchidae is a monotypic family containing only "Benthosuchus".
Description.
"Benthosuchus" skull is about 0.75 m long (it is comparatively short in young individuals but lengthens with age), and the overall body length is about 2.5 m. It existed in widely overflowing rivers of the East Russian Depression.
Phylogeny.
"Benthosuchus" is traditionally considered a close relative of a group of temnospondyls called capitosaurids. In particular, it bears a close resemblance to the capitosaurid "Wetlugasaurus". Many of the early large-scale phylogenetic analyses of temnospondyls place "Benthosuchus" within a clade called Capitosauria. However, more recent analyses such as that of Fortuny "et al." (2011) recover "Benthosuchus" within another clade called Trematosauria. Occasionally it is grouped near the trematosaurid family Trematosauridae as a basal member of the group Trematosauroidea. Fortuny "et al." found that "Benthosuchus" positioned outside Trematosauroidea as a more basal trematosaurian. Below is a cladogram from Fortuny "et al." (2011) showing the phylogenetic placement of "Benthosuchus":

</doc>
<doc id="19306666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306666" title="Khmer National Party of Cambodia">
Khmer National Party of Cambodia

This type of political party was constructed in June 2004 and sees itself as a "true opposition party." Its leader is a Cambodian-American called Sum Sitha which is its party chairman. 
Political Ideology.
This political party promotes some political ideologies. These are liberal nationalist and conservative and some socialism. Firstly with the right-wing ideology is trying to responsibly control illegal immigration in order to prevent those illegal immigrants from selling drugs and “smuggling” “drug” and “people.” Sitha believes that “refugees” from Vietnam can come to stay in Cambodia. Though it is difficult to know completely Sitha believes many are working for the Communist regime in Hanoi, Vietnam. 
The KNP would also prevent “land grabbing by government officials.” That would mean stopping officials use land that could be used by the rest of Cambodian society for growing vegetables etc.
Political Activity.
When the party promoted some of its candidates in 8 of 1,621 Cambodian communes it had “problems with the timing with the NEC” (meaning National Election Committee). Another reason the KNP promoted “few candidates was because of disagreement within his party last year”.

</doc>
<doc id="19306674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306674" title="Debra Feuer">
Debra Feuer

Debra Feuer is an American actress born in Las Vegas January 12, 1959. She starred in the movies "Moment by Moment", "The Hollywood Knights", "To Live and Die in L.A.", "MacGruder and Loud", and in the Italian movie "Il burbero", feat Adriano Celentano as well as "Homeboy", in which she starred with her then husband Mickey Rourke.
Feuer played a minor role (Becky Mae) in the TV show, "The Dukes of Hazzard", Season 2, Episode 6, The Ghost of General Lee. She also played Sonny Crockett's love interest in the first two episodes of Season 5 of "Miami Vice".
Biography.
Her father Ron Feuer is a musician, in particular of piano and drum.
Her brother Ian Feuer was a professional soccer player in Belgium and England.

</doc>
<doc id="19306677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306677" title="Quaker Flour Mill">
Quaker Flour Mill

The Quaker Flour Mill, now known as Show Room is a historic building in Pueblo, Colorado. The building once served as a flour mill and now is a theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19306714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306714" title="Eunyul talchum">
Eunyul talchum

The Eunyul talchum is a type of "talchum", Korean traditional mask drama which has been handed down in Eunyul, Hwanghae Province, present North Korea. It is also one of "sandaenori" is a mask dance that developed in Seoul and the mid of metropolitan region. It is designated as the No. 61 asset of the Important Intangible Cultural Properties by South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19306741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306741" title="Museum of Inuit Art">
Museum of Inuit Art

The Museum of Inuit Art, also known as MIA, is a museum in Toronto located within the historic Queen's Quay Terminal at the Harbourfront Centre. It is devoted exclusively to Inuit art and culture.
Officially opened in June 2007, the museum exists due to the efforts of David Harris — a former teacher in Nunavut and founder of The Harris Inuit Gallery, a respected commercial gallery for Inuit art — and a group of dedicated partners.
MIA occupies more than of exhibition space and is home to hundreds of pieces of Inuit art ranging from sculptures carved from stone, antler, ivory and bone to ceramics, prints and wall hangings.
Architecture.
The MIA space was designed by gh3 inc. and has won two design awards: the Ontario Association of Architects Design Excellence Award, and the Canada Interiors’ Best of Canada Design Competition Award. “The interior of the museum has been designed to remove visitors from the commercial clutter of the adjacent downtown shopping arcade and transport them to a more rarefied environment for viewing art — a neutral white shell evoking the iconic landscape forms of the arctic ice.”
Collection.
Sprott
MIA acquired significant works through the generous sponsorship of Eric Sprott and the Sprott Acquisition Program in 2008.
Gallery.
MIA owns and operates a gallery featuring collector quality, original works of art created by contemporary Inuit artists. As a non-profit institution, all proceeds from the Museum of Inuit Art and the Museum of Inuit Art Gallery support cultural, educational and acquisition programs at the museum.
The sculptures, wall hangings, and original fine art prints on sale at MIA Gallery and Graphics Gallery are acquired from the various Inuit co-operatives that represent Inuit artists working in the North. As such, all proceeds from the sale of art at the gallery directly support the work of contemporary Inuit artists and their communities. The shop also carries jewellery, packing dolls, and books on Inuit art.
Reciprocal partnerships.
MIA is a reciprocal admissions partner with the Bata Shoe Museum, Design Exchange, and the Gardiner Museum.
Affiliations.
MIA is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
Notes.
"Aboriginal Peoples Television Network (APTN)National News" 7 August 2012, Donna Smith "Justin Bieber’s ‘Free Gas’ Comment Prompts Museum to Extend Invite" http://aptn.ca/pages/news/2012/08/07/justin-biebers-free-gas-comment-prompts-museum-to-extend-invite/
"CBC" 3 August 2012, "Justin Bieber Chided by Aboriginal Group for Free Gas Comment" http://www.cbc.ca/news/arts/story/2012/08/03/justin-bieber-indian-inuit-rolling-stone-reaction.html
"National Post" 3 August 2012, Allison Cross "Justin Bieber Gets a Lesson in Native History After Singer's 'Free Gas' Remarks" http://news.nationalpost.com/2012/08/03/group-offers-justin-bieber-a-lesson-in-native-history-after-singers-free-gas-remarks/
"Indian Country Today Media Network"31 July 2012, "Take That, Justin Bieber! Museum Offers Free Admission, Not Free Gas" http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2012/07/31/take-that-justin-bieber-museum-offers-free-admission-not-free-gas-126825
"Metro Morning" 7 August 2012, Jane Hawtin, "Free Gas for Justin Bieber?" http://www.cbc.ca/metromorning/episodes/2012/08/07/free-gas-for-justin-bieber/

</doc>
<doc id="19306760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306760" title="Mickaël Nelson">
Mickaël Nelson

Mickaël Nelson (born 2 February 1990) is a French footballer. His family hails from the island of Réunion.
Football career.
In January 2008, Montpellier and Nelson agreed to a professional contract. He was given the number 13 shirt. He made his professional football debut on 12 May 2008 in a Ligue 2 match with Montpellier against FC Gueugnon coming on as a substitute in the 78th minute. Montpellier would win the match 2–1 with a late goal from Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa. He captained the Montpellier U-18 squad that won the 2008–09 Coupe Gambardella and the coveted Swan d'Or.
He has spent time on trial at Portsmouth FC and Standard Liege and signed for SV Babelsberg 03 in 2011. He was released by the Potsdam club after one season.
International career.
Nelson played on the France U-19 squad. He made his debut participating in the opening match of the 2008 Sendaï Cup. He participated in the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship with the under-19 team. He played in all four of the squad's matches including the semi-final, where they suffered elimination losing 1–3 in extra time to England.

</doc>
<doc id="19306795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306795" title="Every Child By Two">
Every Child By Two

Every Child By Two (ECBT) is a non-profit health advocacy organization, based in the United States and founded in 1991, dedicated to protecting children from diseases through the promotion of vaccinations and raising parental awareness of potential vaccine benefits. The stated goals of ECBT are to "raise awareness of the critical need for timely immunizations and to foster a systematic way to immunize all of America's children by age two." ECBT was founded by former First Lady of the United States, Rosalynn Carter and former First Lady of Arkansas, Betty Bumpers. 
EBCT's pro-vaccination awareness raising campaigns have expanded in recent years in response to growing controversies in autism and vaccine controversies. ECBT's Vaccinate Your Baby campaign was launched to raise the awareness of issues regarding vaccine schedule compliance and to provide information on the safety of vaccines based on peer reviewed science. ECBT debuted its VaccinateYourBaby.org website in August 2008, featuring "news and information for parents who wish to learn the truth about immunization and how best to protect their children from vaccine-preventable diseases."
Awards.
In 2008, Betty Bumpers and Rosalynn Carter were awarded the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) Champion of Prevention Award at the 34th National Immunization Conference in Washington, DC. In addition, both women have had a number of other awards given to them over the course of their 20 plus years of work in the immunization field, many of which are listed on the Every Child By Two website.

</doc>
<doc id="19306798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306798" title="University of Bristol Botanic Garden">
University of Bristol Botanic Garden

The University of Bristol Botanic Garden is a botanic garden located in Stoke Bishop, Bristol. The University of Bristol established a botanic garden in 1882 at Royal Fort House adjacent to Tyndall Avenue. This site was later known as the Hiatt Baker Garden. The site of the Garden was used to build Senate House meaning that the botanic garden was moved to a site on Braken Hill. In 2002 the botanic collections were relocated to a site in Stoke Bishop opposite Churchill Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19306820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306820" title="Sanctuary of Minerva">
Sanctuary of Minerva

The Sanctuary of Minerva is a temple of the Roman era, situated at Breno, in locality "Spinera".It rises to a rocky outcrop on the banks of the river Oglio, faced with a natural cave within which flowed a spring.
History.
The site was already a place of worship since the Iron Age and had a shrine (which were found a few yards of stone and a brandopferplatz) that is a paved area that housed the burning rituals. Following the Romanization of the camunian territory, on the former sanctuary was built, in the early first century, a Roman temple dedicated to the goddess Minerva.
The Roman final structure, built next to the indigenous, consisted of a row of rooms assigned to the rock and the sides by two wings that porticoed heading for the river delimiting the courtyard of the temple. The main hall housed in an elevated niche, the statue of Minerva, Roman copy of a Greek statue of the fifth century BC
In the fourth century started the process of Christianization of Valle Camonica that imposed the end of the cult of Minerva. Into the 5° century the sanctuary was destroyed by a violent fire, and the statue of Minerva was beheaded with force.
Later, during the thirteenth century, a flood of Oglio rover covered area of debris and the site was finally abandoned.
Discovery.
Forgotten by the time the existence of the temple (although the memory still survives in the names of a nearly Church dedicated to Mary but called by paesans "of Mineva"), was rediscovered by chance in 1986 during an excavation for the laying of pipes.
Starting in 2004 was the subject of a restoration which, together with the laying of coverage and implementation of information pathways, have turned into a museum that was open to the public on 29 September 2007. In particular, for illustrative purposes, there was placed a copy of the statue of Minerva Hygeia, whose original is exhibited at the National Museum of Valcamonica of Cividate Camuno. 

</doc>
<doc id="19306891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306891" title="Rood Candy Company Building">
Rood Candy Company Building

The Rood Candy Company Building or Rood Candy Company is a historic manufacturing plant in Pueblo, Colorado. 

</doc>
<doc id="19306916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306916" title="Cinema Museum of Melgaço">
Cinema Museum of Melgaço

The Cinema Museum of Melgaço is a museum dedicated to Cinema in Melgaço, Portugal.
The collection comprises machines and objects from pre-cinema times, original posters in canvas, photographs and diverse documents.
An exhibition illustrates the path cinema has taken throughout its history.
The collection of the museum was donated by the film lover Jean Loup Passek.
The museum opened at June 3, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19306992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306992" title="Sayyidah Ruqayya Mosque">
Sayyidah Ruqayya Mosque

Sayyidah Ruqayya Mosque () is a shrine located in Damascus, Syria, that contains the grave of Sukayna ("née" Ruqayyah), the infant daughter of Husayn ibn ‘Alī. 
After enduring the advent of Karbalā and the torturous journey to Damascus that followed it, Sukayna died at the age of four in Yazid's prison, where she was originally buried. Years later however, upon the flooding of her gravesite, her grave was reopened and she was moved to the site where the Mosque now stands.
The mosque was built around the mausoleum in 1985 and exhibits the modern style of Iranian architecture, with a tremendous amount of mirror and gold work. 
There is a small mosque area adjoining the shrine room, along with a small courtyard in front. This mosque is found a short distance from the Umayyad Mosque and the Al-Hamidiyah Souq in central Damascus.
Recent history.
On January 9, 2014, the Syrian army successfully ousted rebel forces who had occupied the mosque during the Syrian Civil War. Rebel forces are claimed to have set fire to main building, and desecrated parts of the mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="19306997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19306997" title="Stanley G. Cohen">
Stanley G. Cohen

Dr. Stanley G. Cohen is the President of Five Towns College located in Dix Hills, NY on Long Island. He has served as President since the college was chartered in 1972. He founded the Dix Hills Performing Arts Center which is located at the college.
Cohen has his Doctorate in Education (Ed.D.) and his Bachelor of Science (B.S.) from New York University in Music Education. He obtained his Master of Arts (M.A.) degree from Queens College. 
Cohen has taught music at the James Madison, Francis Lewis, and John Bowne High Schools in Queens, he was instrumental in establishing music programs at the latter two schools. He also served as an Associate Professor of Music at Kingsborough Community College of the City University of New York, an Assistant Examiner for the NYC Board of Examiners for prospective music teachers, and the Director of the Lincoln Center Performances for the NYC School Study and Concert Group.
Cohen is saxophonist, clarinettist, and flutist as well as playing trumpet and piano. He was married to the late Mrs. Lorraine Kleinman-Cohen; they have three children, Martin, David, and Janet.
Cohens future actions towards Five Towns College include: Fixing the Parking lot, Getting healthier food in the cafeteria and developing more appropriate schedules suiting the students needs. Also, he hopes to get larger desks as most students do not fit in the ones currently provided.
Cohen is a trustee of the Long Island Regional Advisory Council on Higher Education (LIRACHE), a member of the National Association of Jazz Educators (NAJE), a member of the National Association of Schools of Music (NASM), a member of the American Federation of Musicians, and a member of numerous other organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19307001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307001" title="ZFKV-FM">
ZFKV-FM

Vibe FM (98.9 FM) is a radio station in the UK as well as the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is owned by Paramount Media Services and airs an Urban Caribbean music format featuring reggae and pop music as well as specialty programs featuring jazz celeb news, pop music and Gospel music. Showbiz Journalist Mark Boardman regularly talks entertainment news on the show which goes out nationwide.
The station's most recent license was issued on 11 December 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19307006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307006" title="Carl Klingberg">
Carl Klingberg

Carl Klingberg (born January 28, 1991) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward, currently playing for the St. John's IceCaps in the American Hockey League (AHL).
Early life.
Klingberg was born on January 28, 1991, in Gothenburg, Sweden. He started playing ice hockey at an early age for Lerums BK. He is the oldest of three brothers, both his brothers are active hockey players as defencemen; John born 1992 who was drafted 131st overall in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft by the Dallas Stars, and Olle born 1997.
Playing career.
Klingberg was drafted in the second round, 34th overall, by the Atlanta Thrashers in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. After having finished the season with Timrå, Klingberg joined the Thrashers' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate the Chicago Wolves. He made his AHL debut on March 19 in a 3–4 loss against the Oklahoma City Barons, and scored his first goal on March 27 in a 2–3 loss against the Rockford Icehogs. Klingberg was called up by the Thrashers to make his NHL debut in their last game of the season—and the franchise's last game as the Thrashers—on April 10 against the Pittsburgh Penguins. 
In the off-season the Thrashers were sold and relocated to Winnipeg, Manitoba, where they became the second incarnation of the Winnipeg Jets. Klingberg's goal was to start the season with the Jets in the NHL, but on September 30 he was assigned to the Jets' AHL affiliate the St. John's IceCaps. Klingberg scored a goal in the IceCaps 4–1 win in their premier game against the Providence Bruins. He scored the IceCaps first goal on home ice, and another two for a hattrick in the IceCaps 6–2 win against the Hamilton Bulldogs, and another two goals in a 4–3 win over the Bridgeport Sound Tigers a few days later to start the season with six goals in six games. After having scored nine goals and 16 points in 20 games Klingberg was called up to the Jets, where he played six games in the NHL before being reassigned back to the IceCaps, after the Jets had acquired forward Antti Miettinen off waivers.

</doc>
<doc id="19307011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307011" title="Jane Delgado">
Jane Delgado

Jane L. Delgado (born June 17, 1953) is a Cuban-American clinical psychologist, health care advocate, non-profit executive and author. She is president and CEO of the National Alliance for Hispanic Health. She is the author of The Buena Salud™ Guide book series (Newmarket Press, 2011) and The Latina Guide to Health (Newmarket Press, 2010).
In 2012 the series was acquired by William Morrow an Imprint of HarperCollinsPublishers and published the "Buena Salud Guide to Arthritis and Your Life."
Early life and education.
Delgado was born in Havana, Cuba and immigrated with her mother, father, and sister to Brooklyn, New York in 1955. In public school, Delgado overcame early difficulties with English to rise to the top of her class, graduate in the 11th grade and enroll at SUNY New Paltz.
Delgado received a M.A. in psychology from New York University in 1975, a Ph.D. in clinical psychology from SUNY Stony Brook in 1981 and an M.S. in Urban and Policy Sciences from Stony Brook's W. Averell Harriman School of Management and Policy.
Professional career.
In the 1970s, Delgado worked for the Children's Television Workshop, first as assistant to the auditor starting in 1973. On the strength of her education in psychology, Delgado was soon promoted to children's talent coordinator on "Sesame Street".
In 1979, Delgado joined the Department of Health and Human Services and in 1983 joined the Immediate Office of the Secretary. Delgado eventually became Special Assistant on Minority Affairs, and was a policy staff member on the August 1985 "Report of the Secretary's Task Force on Black and Minority Health".
Delgado became president and chief executive of the NAHH in 1985, then called the Coalition of Spanish Speaking Mental Health Organizations, dedicated to improving the health and well-being of Hispanics. She is the first Hispanic woman to serve in this position. Delgado made environmental health a program effort in 1988 and initiated the first technology program for community-based organizations in 1991. Delgado oversees a national staff and field operations in 20 states as well as Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia.
Recognition.
Delgado has won numerous awards and serves on several boards, including the Northern Virginia Health Foundation, the Lovelace Respiratory Research Institute, Board of Health Care Services of the Institute of Medicine, and the U.S. Soccer Foundation and is an advisor to both the Carter Center's Mental Health task force and the March of Dimes. She served as a Trustee of the Kresge Foundation from 1997 to 2016. In 1998 and 2002 she was named by "Hispanic Business" one of the 100 most influential Hispanics in the U.S., and in 2007 was listed among the 100 most influential Hispanics by "People En Español".
In 2000, "Ladies Home Journal" named Delgado one of seven "Women to Watch," among other "unsung heroines who are forging ahead to improve our health. Delgado was honored in 2005 by the Hispanic Heritage Foundation with their Award for Education, recognizing her contributions to innovation in the use of technology in health care. In 2008 Delgado was honored as one of the Health Heroes for 2008 by "WebMD Magazine". On December 8, 2008, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appointed Delgado to the Board of Directors of the Mickey Leland National Urban Air Toxics Research Center, a Congressionally mandated non-profit public/private research organization.
In 2010, "Ladies Home Journal" named Delgado one of its "Ladies We Love."
Published works.
Delgado has written numerous books in the health and wellness category. She is the author of "¡SALUD! A Latina’s Guide to Total Health", first published by Rayo/HarperCollins in 1997. A revised edition was named one of the Best Health Books for 2002 by "Library Journal".
She is the author of The Latina Guide to Health (Newmarket Press, 2010).
She is the author of The Buena Salud Guide book series (Newmarket Press, 2011 which is now William Morrow an Imprint of HarperCollins Publishers). The first two books in the series, "The Buena Salud Guide for a Healthy Heart" and "The Buena Salud Guide to Diabetes and Your Life", were published in March 2011 and received critical acclaim from "Library Journal". The third book in the series, "The Buena Salud Guide to Overcoming Depression and Enjoying Life", was published in November 2011 and in 2012 the "The Buena Salud Guide to Arthritis and Your Life" was published "according to the publisher's website. "The Buena Salud Guide for a Healthy Heart" was named one of the best health books in 2011 by the Library Journal.
Personal.
Delgado lives in Washington, D.C. with her husband Mark.

</doc>
<doc id="19307018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307018" title="Avro Avis">
Avro Avis

__NOTOC__
The Avro 562 Avis was a two-seat light biplane designed and built by the A.V.Roe and Company Limited at Hamble for the 1924 Lympne Light Aeroplane Trials.
The Avis was a single-bay unstaggered biplane with full span ailerons on upper and lower wings. It had a fixed landing gear with a tail skid and could be powered by a nose-mounted 32 hp Bristol Cherub II engine or a 35 hp Blackburne Thrush radial piston engine. It had tandem open cockpits. First flown with the Thrush engine prior to the meeting, it was refitted with the Cherub, and first flown with this engine by Bert Hinkler at Lympne on 30 September 1924. On the next day it won the Grosvenor trophy at a speed of 65.87 mph.
For the 1926 trials it was re-engined with a 38 hp Blackburne Thrush, being eliminated after a forced landing. In 1927, it was re-engined again with a Bristol Cherub I and passed into private ownership until it was scrapped in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19307047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307047" title="Subaiya Nadesan">
Subaiya Nadesan

Subaiya Nadesapillai (Tamil: சுப்பையா நடேசபிள்ளை; 21 May 1895 - 15 January 1965) also known as S. Nadesan was the son-in-law of Ponnambalam Ramanathan and a Tamil senator from Jaffna, Sri Lanka. He was a United National Party candidate and defeated Samuel Chelvanayakam in the 1952 Jaffna elections, after losing to him in the 1947 elections from Kankesanthurai. He was a defender of a political solution to the Sri Lanka conflict but left the UNP when it embraced a Sinhala-only campaign. He was a member of the state council, the parliament, and later became a minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19307072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307072" title="RAF Dale">
RAF Dale

The former Royal Air Force Station Dale, commonly known as RAF Dale, was a World War II Royal Air Force airfield, located close to Dale, Pembrokeshire.
Construction of the airfield began between the villages of Dale and Marloes in 1941. It became operational in June 1942. Initially it was to be named RAF Marloes, planned as a satellite to nearby RAF Talbenny.
Following cessation of activities in World War II, RAF Dale was decommissioned, and the site became occupied by the Fleet Air Arm as RNAS Dale (aka HMS Goldcrest).
Now owned privately by a local farmer, in May 2010, an illegal rave was held on the site, attracting 2,500 people. Dyfed-Powys Police were forced eventually to create road blocks to stop further attendees joining, and release an announcement on local media. After the rave ended on Monday 31 May, six men aged between 23 and 52 were charged with offences under Section 136 of the Licensing Act for carrying out unlicensed licensable activity.

</doc>
<doc id="19307079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307079" title="EuroBasket Women 2009 qualification">
EuroBasket Women 2009 qualification

This page describes the qualification procedure for EuroBasket Women 2009.
Qualification format.
The Qualifying Round was held from August 13 to September 13, 2008.
The top 2 teams in each group and the best team in 3rd place qualified to EuroBasket Women 2009.
The best 6 of the remaining teams will go to the Additional Qualifying Round, from which 2 additional teams will qualify to EuroBasket Women 2009.
The last 4 teams will play in the Relegation Round, from which 2 teams will relegate to Division B in 2010–2011.
The Additional Qualifying Round and the Relegation Round will be held from January 4 to January 19, 2009.
Qualifying round.
The draw for the Qualifying Round was held on February 16, 2008. The remaining 19 teams in Division A were divided into 3 groups of 5 teams and one group of 4 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19307083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307083" title="James McFadden (disambiguation)">
James McFadden (disambiguation)

James McFadden (born 1983) is a Scottish football player.
James McFadden may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19307097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307097" title="Union Depot (Pueblo, Colorado)">
Union Depot (Pueblo, Colorado)

Pueblo Union Depot is the historic railroad station in Pueblo, Colorado. It was built in the Richardsonian Romanesque style in 1889-1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
History.
In the early years it served the five railroads that served Pueblo: the Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, the Colorado & Southern Railway (which was acquired by the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad in 1908), the Missouri Pacific Railroad, and the Chicago Rock Island & Pacific. Today the Union Pacific Railroad and the BNSF Railway share the use of the tracks, and the depot is privately owned.
Presidents Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson are said to have arrived at this depot, as are Vice-Presidential candidate Joe Biden and Presidential candidate John Kerry almost a century later. Regular passenger train service is long gone now, but there is a proposal to bring commuter trains to the Interstate 25 corridor in the next few years (Front Range Commuter Rail).
Present.
The Pueblo Union Depot is located at 132 W. "B" Street, located within the Union Avenue Historic Commercial District. It is owned by Joseph and James Koncilja, two brothers and prominent members of the Pueblo community.

</doc>
<doc id="19307105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307105" title="Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau">
Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau

Leopold III Frederick Franz, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau (10 August 1740 – 9 August 1817), known as "Prince Franz" or "Father Franz", was a German prince of the House of Ascania. From 1751 until 1807 he was Reigning prince of the Principality of Anhalt-Dessau and from 1807 the first Duke of the Duchy of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the eldest son of Leopold II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Gisela Agnes, daughter of Leopold, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen.
Early life.
Leopold was born at Dessau.
After having lost both parents in 1751 (his mother on 20 April and his father on 16 December), the eleven-year-old Leopold inherited Anhalt-Dessau under the regency of his uncle, Prince Dietrich.
Following in the footsteps of his grandfather and father, Leopold joined the Prussian army. After the Battle of Kolín (18 June 1757), he was impressed so negatively by the spectacle of warfare that he resigned from the army and declared the neutrality of Anhalt-Dessau.
Rule.
An Anglophile and strong supporter of the Enlightenment, Leopold took special interest in the education of the population of his principality in science and nature. His numerous reforms in the areas of education, health care, social services, roads, agriculture, forestry, and industry made Anhalt-Dessau one of the most modern and prosperous of the small German states.
The most conspicuous of his improvements included planting fruit trees along dykes and the construction of beautiful buildings. However his reforms included public works programs repairing dykes destroyed by flooding, providing social housing, education, sanitation, the first public parks, burial grounds irrespective of social rank, as well as liberal policies towards the Jewish community, including allowing for the founding of a Jewish school and the first Jewish newspaper in Germany.
He engaged Friedrich Wilhelm von Erdmannsdorff to build Wörlitz Palace (1769–1773), the first Neoclassical building in Germany. In 1774 Leopold engaged von Erdmannsdorff to construct a small residence with a small English park as a gift to his wife; in her honor, the castle took the name Schloss Luisium.
Leopold also extended and altered the old gardens of Oranienbaum that were laid out in Dutch style to create the first and largest of the English parks of his time, renamed the Dessau-Wörlitz Garden Realm.
In 1782 Leopold was tried by the Fürstenbund for his opposition to Prussian hegemony. In 1806 he was invited to Paris by Napoleon, who was impressed by his reputation. Leopold was one of the last princes to join the Confederation of the Rhine on 18 April 1807. On the other hand, despite his differences with the Prussian crown, he offered the Prussian official Ferdinand von Schill an honorable reception in Dessau in 1809.
Leopold was elevated to the rank of duke in 1807. As the head of the senior Anhalt branch, he could not earlier by etiquette receive his kinsmen, the Princes of Anhalt-Köthen and Anhalt-Bernburg, who were raised to that rank before him. He received the title by paying a considerable sum of money to the Emperor shortly before the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, just as the prince of Anhalt-Bernburg had done before him.
In 1812 Leopold became regent of the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen during the minority of Duke Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil.
Leopold died after a fall from his horse at Schloss Luisium, near Dessau, in 1817. He was succeeded by his eldest grandson Leopold IV, because his son, the Hereditary Prince Frederick, had predeceased him.
Marriage and issue.
In Charlottenburg on 25 July 1767 Leopold married his cousin Louise Henriette Wilhelmine (b. Różanki, Brandenburg, 24 September 1750 – d. Dessau, 21 December 1811), daughter of Frederick Henry, Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt, by his wife Leopoldine Marie of Anhalt-Dessau, a sister of his father. They had two children:
Also, he had several illegitimate children:

</doc>
<doc id="19307113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307113" title="Ananda Ranga Pillai">
Ananda Ranga Pillai

Ananda Ranga Pillai (30 March 1709 – 16 January 1761), (often pronounced as "Ānañtarañkam Pillai" ()) was a "dubash" in the service of the French East India Company. He is mainly famous for his set of private diaries from the years 1736 to 1761 which portray life in 18th century India.
Ananda Ranga Pillai was born in Madras in a well-to-do family. At a very early age, Ananda Ranga Pillai emigrated with his father to Pondicherry where the family pursued their business interests. On his father's death in 1726, Ananda Ranga was made "dubash" and served in his capacity till his removal on grounds of ill-health and deteriorating performance. Ananda Ranga died in 1761 at the age of 51. Ananda Ranga was especially known for his proximity to the French Governor Joseph François Dupleix, who favored him in various appointments.
Ananda Ranga Pillai's diaries were translated in the early 20th century and bring to light life in the mid-18th century and the Anglo-French Carnatic wars. His mansion in Pondicherry has been recognized as a heritage monument. C. S. Srinivasachari, a prominent Indian historian, described Ananda Ranga Pillai as the "Samuel Pepys of French India".
Early life.
Ananda Ranga Pillai was born to a merchant named Tiruvengada Pillai on 30 March 1709 in the village of Perambur on the outskirts of Madras. Madras was, then, the center of Tiruvengada Pillai's business activities. In 1716, at the behest of Nainiya Pillai,brother-in-law of Tiruvengada Pillai, who then functioned as the chief Indian agent of French Pondicherry, Guillaume André d'Hébert, the territory's French Governor invited Tiruvengada Pillai and other important Indian merchants of Madras, to his city. Relying on Nainiya Pillai's advice, Tiruvengada moved with his family and businesses to Pondicherry and settled there. Soon afterwards, Nainiya Pillai fell out of favor with the Governor and was imprisoned and later died. In contrast, Tiruvengada rapidly rose in favor with the French rulers and attained a respectable position in the city.
On the arrest of Nainiya Pillai, Tiruvengada Pillai had fled to Madras fearing arrest and ill-treatment. However, De La Prévostière who succeeded D’Hébert induced Tiruvengada to return. Meanwhile, Nainiya Pillai's son Guruva Pillai escaped to France via Madras. His charges against D’Hébert before the Duke of Orléans were responsible for the removal and replacement of Governor D’Hébert. Guruva Pillai later adopted Christianity and settled down in France, where he was admitted to the Order of Saint Michael as a "chevalier". Guruva Pillai died in 1724 followed by Tiruvengada Pillai in June 1726.His name is mentioned in the history of 8th class.
Early career.
Pierre Christoph Le Noir who succeeded De La Prévostière had great regard for Tiruvengada Pillai and his family. Hence on Tiruvengada Pillai's death in 1726, he gave employment to his son Ananda Ranga Pillai in the French East India Company and made him the chief of the Indian employees at the Company's factory at Porto Novo. Soon, Ananda Ranga proved his worth. Large quantities of blue cloth were manufactured at Porto Novo. This was made possible mainly due to the efforts of Ananda Ranga Pillai who also established trading posts at Lalapettai and Arcot for trading Indian merchandise for European manufactures.
Ananda's fortune reached greater heights during the tenure of Le Noir's successor Pierre Benoît Dumas who, too, seemed to have had a favorable opinion of him. 
Till his death, Guruva Pillai had functioned as the "chief dubash" of Pondicherry. A "dubash" was a merchant in service of the company who roughly performed the task of a translator and intermediary between Indian and European merchants. On Guruva's death, the "chief dubashship" passed into the hands of another family as Guruva Pillai's children had been raised as Hindus and the Chief Ecclesiastes of the Colony strongly desired that the holders of the particular office needed to be a Christian. When Dupleix became the Governor, the "chief dubash" was one Kanakaraya Mudali with whom Ananda Ranga Pillai had a bitter rivalry. However, Kanakaraya Mudali died in the year 1746 and in 1747, after many consultations and decision-making, Ananda Ranga Pillai was made "chief dubash".
Rise to power.
In November 1738, the bitter rivalry that had existed between Ananda Ranga Pillai and the "chief dubash" Kanakaraya Mudali flared up into a conflagration. Observing that Ananda Ranga Pillai had not remitted the interest for the loan he had borrowed to pay coral merchants, Kanakaraya Mudali reported the same to the Governor. Initially, the Governor Dumas insisted upon the "dubash" paying the interest but later, on learning of the heavy losses that had befallen the "dubash" that year, he conceded and even offered to pay off Ananda Ranga Pillai's debts. But Ananda Ranga Pillai refused. The matter was raised before the Council where Ananda Ranga had to answer for the charges brought out against him. Ananda Ranga pleaded with Mr. Golard a member of the Council explaining that he had never paid interest before. At length, the Council decided in favor of Ananda Ranga Pillai and his debt was waived.
On 22 October 1739, Kanakaraya Mudali's son, Velvendra Mudali died at the age of 21. Velvendra's mother committed suicide on hearing the news.
On 19 October 1741, Dumas left Pondicherry leaving charge to the Deputy Governor who ruled Pondicherry till 14 January 1742 when Joseph François Dupleix arrived from Chandannagar. During Dupleix's tenure, Ananda Ranga rose to the zenith of power and prominence in French India and exercised firm control over the internal affairs of the territory.
From 1743 onwards, Ananda Ranga won the confidence of the Governor of Pondicherry and rose up the ranks. when the suburban villages of Pondicherry were leased for five years to Kumara Pillai, Vira Nayakkan, Chandramadi Pillai, and Ella Pillai, Ananda Ranga Pillai was able to offer surety for the renters for a period of five years. Nevertheless, when Kesava Aiyan died, Ananda Ranga was not able to prevent Kanakaraya Mudali from nominating his brother-in-law Gavinivasa Mudali as "dubash" in Kesava Aiyan's place. Kanakaraya Mudali secured his objective despite the vehement protests of Ananda Ranga Pillai. On 29 June 1744, the marriage of Ananda Ranga Pillai's daughter Papal was conducted in regal splendor. Ananda Ranga further solidifed his position by mediating in disputes such as those between Prakasa Mudali and Tiruvengada Pillai, etc. Not to be left behind, on 30 November 1745, Ananda Ranga's great rival Kanakaraya Mudali constructed a church at Ozhukkarai and celebrated its consecration by providing a great feast. Ananda Ranga Pillai, however, heaped heavy criticism for inviting people of non-Christian faiths for the feast celebrating the consecration of a church. 
On 12 February 1746, Kanakaraya Mudali died and on his death, there was an inheritance dispute between his heirs. A Committee of 20 officials were appointed to arbitrate and Ananda Ranga Pillai led the Committee. The Committee decided that Chinna Mudali, the brother of the deceased Kanakaraya Mudali was the rightful heir to his estate. However, Chinna Mudali was not satisfied and the matter dragged on till April 1746, when Ananda Ranga's diplomacy finally sealed the matter.
Apart from pleasing the Governor through his service, Ananda Ranga Pillai also incurred the Governor's wrath on certain occasions. There was at least one occasion during the period when Ananda Ranga was questioned by Dupleix regarding payment of the large sum of money he owed to the Company. Ananda Ranga Pillai, however, soon cleared off his debts by paying one Suga Singh the money the Company owed him. However, still, Dupleix demanded 1,000 pagodas that Ananda Ranga Pillai owed the Company. It was evident that much more than the service Ananda Ranga Pillai had rendered to the Company, it was Ananda Ranga Pillai's position as Dupleix's favorite that had helped him scale the ladder.
Ananda Ranga Pillai was questioned by the Governor regarding the ill-treatment of a prisoner called Mari Chetti. Chinna Mudali was deputed to interrogate two eye-witnesses Tandavarayan and Rangan and they swore that Ananda Ranga's conduct towards Mari Chetty was, in no way, objectionable. Based on this evidence, Ananda Ranga was acquitted.
Throughout Dupleix's tenure, Ananda Ranga Pillai entertained dignitaries as the "dubash" of Fort St David, Indian merchants, and even Mahe de la Bordannais. He also supervised the regular payment of revenue. Official communications to the Governor, too, was handled by him. He performed errands for the Governor and adjudicated on criminal cases. In May 1746, he interceded on behalf of one Karaikal Tiruvengadam who had been imprisoned and obtained his release.
Soon after Kanakaraya Mudali's death in February 1746, his younger brother Chinna Mudali started making efforts to obtain the post of Chief Dubash which his brother had previously held. However, the property dispute he had with Kanakaraya Mudali's wife and his own lack of competence and skill soon saw him out of the race. On 12 June 1746, de Bausset, a longtime companion of Ananda Ranga Pillai urged him to campaign for "Chief Dubash-ship". However, Ananda Ranga Pillai seems to have been reluctant to accept the post initially when the Governor nominated Ananda Ranga Pillai for the post. 193 194 However, on the insistence of Mrs. Dupleix he accepted. At that time, he came to know that another aspirant Annapurna Aiyan had bribed the Governor and his wife for the post. However, this attempt fails as Ananda Ranga Pillai is eventually appointed chief "dubash". Mrs. Dupleix, allegedly, demanded exorbitant bribes in order to support his candidature.
As chief "dubash".
The official appointment of Ananda Ranga Pillai was delayed by a couple of years due to the stoppage of trade arising out of the outbreak of hostilities between the French and the British. The British retaliated the French occupation of Madras by an invasion of Pondicherry in July 1747. This invasion launched by Admiral Boscawen ultimately failed to capture Pondicherry but hostilities soon came to an end by the Treaty of Aix-la-Chappelle.
In 1748, Ananda Ranga Pillai was officially designated chief "dubash" of French India. Soon afterwards, hostilities with the British broke out once again. The French waged a proxy war on behalf of Chanda Sahib supporting his claim in the war of succession to the throne of Carnatic. The British felt compelled to intervene and support Muhammad Ali in order to check the rise of French influence in the Deccan. In the early stages of the war, the French gained the upper hand and by May 1751, French power in India was at its zenith. However, the arrival of Robert Clive thwarted the French attempts to win the battle for Chanda Sahib and the French eventually lost. During the later stages of the war, Pillai notes, Dupleix's temperament grew highly irritable and officers, including himself, feared to approach him. The lavishly constructed palace at Pondicherry, the "Gouvernement" was completed during this period.
Pillai also expressed strong disapproval of some of the allegedly corrupt measures of Governor Dupleix's wife Madame Dupleix. The bitterness led to open hostilities between them. Pillai was given the charge of collecting the revenue of a few villages in Karaikal and he performed his duties satisfactorily despite the prevalence of incosistencies and incorrectness in some of the records kept by his subordinate agents.
Following the unsuccessful bid at territorial expansion, Dupleix's fortunes declined rapidly. He fell out of favour and was replaced as Governor-General with Charles Godeheu in the year 1754. With Dupleix's departure for France, Pillai's influence in the colony began to decline. To make matters worse, he was frequently troubled by poor health. By 1756, his health had deteriorated to such an extent that the Governor-General Georges Duval de Leyrit was obliged to remove him from service.
Death and legacy.
Pillai's health worsened with the passage of time. However, he notes in his diary, the corruption and intrigues which allegedly plagued the French colony on Dupleix's departure.
Pillai died on 12 January 1761 at the age of 51, just four days before Pondicherry surrendered to the troops of Colonel Coote. Pillai left behind three daughters. He also had two sons Annasamy and Ayyasamy who predeceased him.
Since the discovery and translation of his diaries during the 19th and early 20th centuries, Ananda Ranga Pillai has accumulated a great deal of posthumous fame and recognition for his depiction of 18th century South India, the intrigues and deals in French Pondicherry and his description of the French conquest of Madras and the Carnatic Wars. His set of diaries have emerged as one of our primary sources of reference on the Carnatic Wars. Ananda Ranga Pillai has been referred to by V. V. S. Aiyar in his journal "Balabharati" and had attracted the curiosity of Subrahmanya Bharati, Aurobindo Ghosh and Mandyam Srinivasa Iyengar. C. S. Srinivasachari, a prominent Indian historian, described Ananda Ranga Pillai as "the Samuel Pepys of French India".
Ananda Ranga Pillai traded in cloth, yarn, indigo and arecanut with Manila, Mocha and Mascareigne. He had his own ship "Anandappuravi" which sailed on long trading voyages on high seas.
Ananda Ranga Pillai's house in Pondicherry, which is located in a street named after the "dubash", was one of the few buildings to survive the British invasion of the city in 1761. It was recently recognized as a heritage monument by the Government of Puducherry. The mansion is known for its unique blend of Indian and French architecture: the ground floor being built in Indian fashion, while the columns which supported the terrace followed the French architectural style.
A diary maintained by Muthu Vijaya Tiruvengadam Pillai, grandson of Ananda Ranga Pillai, related the period from 1794 to 1796 was translated and published on 30 March 2000.
Patronage of arts.
Ananda Ranga Pillai patronized the Hindu religion, arts and poetry. And in return, poets praised Pillai in their works. Tamil poet Namasivaya Pulavar, who also wrote a verse in praise of Ananda Ranga's father, Tiruvenkadam Pillai, wrote that Ananda Ranga was as learned as the thousand-headed "Adisesha" serpent. Madurakkavirayar wrote that when he saw Ananda Ranga Pillai, he beheld the whole town of Pondicherry in him who was generous enough to offer him all the wealth that he wanted. Kasturi Rangaiyan wrote an ode composed in Telugu.
Tyagaraja Desikar wrote "Ananda Rangan Kovai", a poem of 400 lines in praise of Ananda Ranga Pillai. This work, it is believed, took 16 years to complete and was presented to the "dubash" in the year 1755. In the poem,Tyagaraja venerated Ananda Ranga as the sovereign whose kingdom extended from Gingee to Vijayapuram and Delhi and praised him for the "conquest of Vanga, Kalinga and Telinga". Pillai, in turn, gifted Tyagaraja with costly ornaments, money and land.
Discovery and translation of the diaries.
On Ananda Ranga Pillai's death, the diaries came into the possession of his nephew Tiruvengadam Pillai who appears to have maintained a series of records of his own till the beginning of 1770. Subsequent generations of the family had discarded it until the manuscript was recovered in a decrepit state by Gallois Montburn, the Mayor of Pondicherry, a scholar of Oriental languages, in 1846, who immediately set upon translating the manuscript to French. However, when the translated manuscript was being edited a number of gaps were discovered The gaps were supplemented when volumes one and two of Ananda Ranga Pillai's diary were found. These were subsequently translated into French in 1870 and 1889. In 1894, Julien Vinson, Professor of the Special School of Livino-Oriental Languages at Paris who had published the second translation (which was, obviously, incomplete) published a supposed full translation of Ananda Ranga Pillai's diaries titled "Les Français dans l'Inde", In 1892, the existence of the diary was brought to the notice of Lieutenant General H. Macleod, the British Consular Agent in Pondicherry. At the direction of Lord Wenlock, the then Governor of Madras, an English translation of the diary from Montbrun's copy was attempted. This was completed in 1896.
Portrayal of religious intoleration in French India.
Volume 4 and 5 of Pillai's diaries describe the destruction of Vedapureeswarar Temple in Pondicherry and gives a grim account of the religious attitudes of the French rulers.
Narration regarding Destruction of Vedapuriswaran Temple.
From the Private Diary of Ananda Ranga Pillai, it can be confirmed that Madame Dupleix indulged in religious persecution against local Hindus. Few extracts from his diary confirm this.
<br>
Ananda Ranga Pillai quotes about her in his Private Diary,

</doc>
<doc id="19307132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307132" title="Law Hiu Fung">
Law Hiu Fung

Lau Hiu Fung () is a rower from Hong Kong who competed at the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games in the Men's Single sculls. He was the closing ceremony flag bearer of Hong Kong at the Beijing Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19307135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307135" title="John Keith Wells">
John Keith Wells

John Keith Wells (born February 5, 1922) was a United States Marine during World War II who led, what is believed to be the most decorated platoon in Marine history, 3rd Platoon, 28th Marines, 5th Marine Division. This platoon was made famous for its attack on Mt. Suribachi and for raising the first flag on the summit.
Before Iwo Jima.
Wells was raised in north Texas. He attended Texas A&M College from 1940 to 1942. He joined the Marine Corps in March 1942 and was selected for Officer Candidate School (OCS) shortly thereafter. Upon completion of OCS, Wells completed Marine Parachute Training School in August 1943. Lt. Wells was then deployed to Guadalcanal with the 1st Marine Regiment in December 1943. After his return from Guadalcanal, Wells was given command of 3rd Platoon, Easy Company, 28th Marines, 5th Marine Division. He is quoted as saying "give me 50 Marines not afraid to die and I can take any position".
Iwo Jima.
Lt. Wells landed on the island of Iwo Jima and was quickly given the task of leading an assault at the base of Mt. Suribachi. It was during this attack that Wells was awarded the Navy Cross (the 2nd highest award for valor). Part of his citation would read: "by his leadership and indomitable fighting spirit, 1st Lt Wells contributed materially to the destruction of at least twenty-five Japanese emplacements . . ..". During this attack Wells was wounded and evacuated to a hospital ship. 1st Lt. Wells would escape the hospital ship by convincing a corpsman to supply with him sulfa powder and morphine so he could join his platoon shortly after the first flag raising. Once Wells reached the base of Mt. Suribachi he was helped to the summit by one of the flag raisers, Charles Lindberg. When his commanding officer (Lt. Col. Chandler Johnson) learned of this, he ordered Wells to relinquish command of the platoon and return to the aid station. Command was then passed to Sgt. Ernest "Boots" Thomas (KIA several days later). Wells remained on the island, although unable to lead his troops, until the island was declared secure.
After World War 2.
After World War II, Wells returned to Texas and enrolled at Texas Tech College and obtained a degree in Petroleum Geology the summer of 1948. In 1959, 1st Lt. Wells was honorarily retired as a Major in the Marine Reserves. He wrote a memoir about his command of and war time experiences with 3rd Platoon, 28th Marines, 5th Marine Division entitled "Give Me 50 Marines Not Afraid to Die: Iwo Jima".
References.
The Bloody Battle for Suribachi: The Amazing Story of Iwo Jima that Inspired Flags of Our Fathers; Wheeler, Richard. Skyhorse Publishing, October 2007.
The Battle for Iwo Jima; Wright, Derrick. Sutton Publishing, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19307193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307193" title="Talbot County District Courthouse">
Talbot County District Courthouse

The District Court of Maryland for Talbot County District Courthouse is located in Easton, Maryland. Jurisdiction of the District Court includes most landlord- tenant cases, small claims for amounts up to $5,000, replevin
actions, motor vehicle violations, misdemeanors, certain felonies, and peace and protective orde with one judge, Hugh Adkins, presiding.

</doc>
<doc id="19307194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307194" title="Arsalan Iftikhar">
Arsalan Iftikhar

Arsalan Iftikhar (born September 1, 1977, Norfolk, Virginia, United States) is an American international human rights lawyer, global media commentator and author of the book "Islamic Pacifism: Global Muslims in the Post-Osama Era." Arsalan is the founder of TheMuslimGuy.com and also a regular weekly commentator for the National Public Radio (NPR) show "Tell Me More" with Michel Martin. In addition to published columns and articles worldwide, he is also a regular contributing writer for CNN.com and Esquire Magazine (Middle East edition).
In May 2011, Arsalan was named one of the top 12 Muslim Twitter accounts in the world by The Huffington Post,  and he was also a featured interview for a December 2012 ABC News documentary called "Back to the Beginning" by Christiane Amanpour, on the shared origins of the major world religions today.
Biography.
Arsalan Iftikhar is an international human rights lawyer of Pakistani descent and Contributing Editor for Islamica magazine, a contemporary global affairs magazine headquartered in Los Angeles and with editorial offices in London, Amman and Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
Arsalan is a regular weekly contributor on the Barbershop segment for the National Public Radio (NPR) show ‘Tell Me More’ with Michel Martin. Arsalan is also the former National Legal Director of the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR).
Arsalan's interviews, commentaries and analyses have regularly appeared in virtually every major media outlet in the world including: CNN, BBC World News, The Today Show, National Public Radio (NPR), Fox News Channel, MSNBC, Associated Press, C-SPAN, Voice of America (VOA), Al-Jazeera, Agence France Press (AFP), USA TODAY, NBC Nightly News, The Washington Post, ABC World News Tonight, Los Angeles Times, CBS News Up to the Minute, The New York Times, Rolling Stone, TIME, The Economist, and Newsweek magazine (among dozens others worldwide).
His opinion columns have appeared in major publications such as: CNN.com, USA TODAY, Houston Chronicle, Detroit Free Press, The Providence Journal, San Diego Union-Tribune, Charlotte Observer, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Kansas City Star, Miami Herald and many more.
In March 2008, Arsalan was one of four international debaters selected to participate in The Doha Debates on BBC World Television. The Doha Debates are broadcast to over 300 million people worldwide on BBC World Service Television and its stage has been shared with the likes of Nobel Peace Prize winner Archbishop Desmond Tutu and former United States President Bill Clinton. Arsalan and his debate partner argued for the motion: "This House believes that Muslims are failing to do enough to combat extremism." (He and his partner won the debate).
In addition to The Doha Debates, some of Arsalan’s other international speaking venues have included: Harvard University, Stanford University, Georgetown University, Mount Holyoke College, Washington University in St. Louis, Johns Hopkins University, University of Pennsylvania, The George Washington University Elliott School of International Affairs, University of Michigan School of Law, The Rockefeller Foundation, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) and The British Museum in London.
Additionally, Arsalan was cast as a movie extra in the Warner Brothers spy movie thriller Body of Lies (October 2008) starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe. Arsalan was also a contributing author to Taking Back Islam (Rodale Press), winner of the 2003 Wilbur Communications Award for Religion Book of the Year. In 2006, the French Ambassador to the United States personally selected Arsalan for the "Personnalites d’Avenir" (Personalities of the Future) World Leader Program in Paris sponsored by the French Foreign Ministry.
Arsalan graduated from Washington University in St. Louis in 1999 and received his Juris Doctor law degree from Washington University School of Law in 2003. A native of Chicago, he specializes in international human rights law and is licensed to practice law in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="19307204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307204" title="Steelworks Museum of Industry and Culture">
Steelworks Museum of Industry and Culture

The Steelworks Museum of Industry and Culture is located in Pueblo, Colorado. Operated by the Bessemer Historical Society, the museum is in the historic Minnequa Steel Works Office Building and Dispensary of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company.
The museum's exhibits include the local history of coal mining, steel production, railroads, labor, and the impact of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company on the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19307208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307208" title="Natalino">
Natalino

Natalino is a Chilean pop rock band formed in 1996, under the name of "La Pé". They started enjoying mainstream success until the release of the band's first major studio album ""Desde Que Te Vi"" in 2007, which gone gold status in 2008, and then platinum in 2009, selling over 15,000 copies in their country. Since the beginning of the group it has been formed by Cristián Natalino, Eduardo Manzi, and Hugo Manzi as members, creating and projecting a solid musical career in various markets. Although the initially started as "La Pé", Natalino became famous in 2008 for their debut ""Desde Que Te Vi"", which swept the national radio and placed it in the first four places top selling discs in Chile. They were performing at Festival de Viña del Mar 2009, in which they received "Silver Torch" and "Golden Torch". They also performed in stage the same day as Marc Anthony. Their style has been compared with bands such as Maná and Sin Bandera.
History.
"La Pé", Early years (1996-2006).
The band originally formed by the name of "La Pé" in 1996, with all of it current members. La Pé recorded 3 albums, the last one signed to Warner Music, and from which their cover of "De Amor Ya No Se Muere'’ (originally by Gianella Bella) had some airplay success.
"Desde Que Te Vi" and mainstream success (2007-present).
In 2006, the band signed to Audionativa Records, and began recording "Desde Que Te Vi", the album was released in 2008, and is one of the best-selling albums of the year in Chile. The album gone gold in 2008, platinum in 2009, and spawned 3 hit singles: ""Desde Que Te Vi"", ""Angel del Pasado"", ""Si Hablo de Tí, Hablo de Mi"". They were also getting airplay success with ""Desde Que Te Vi"" in Spain, Ecuador and Uruguay, in those countries they were often compared with the Mexican rock band Maná. The international success of "Desde Que Te Vi" was due to the inclusion of this song in the soundtrack of Chilean soap opera "Machos", which didn't enjoyed much worldwide success, but the song was recognized immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="19307217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307217" title="List of Monster Rancher characters">
List of Monster Rancher characters

This is a list of the characters in the anime Monster Rancher.
Main characters.
The main characters of the "Monster Rancher" anime are the seven searchers, consisting of two humans and five monsters, all of which share a strong bond of friendship. During the course of the first two seasons of the show, they continuously struggle against the evil forces of Moo and his army of baddies. They searched for the Phoenix, the only creature capable of purifying the bad monsters and reviving the lost discs scattered throughout the land. While they were initially unaware of this, each of the five monsters in the group bore a piece of the Phoenix's soul. The characters reappear in season three to combat the threat of the remaining baddies, and protect the mystery disc that Moo was sealed inside of after his defeat.
Genki.
Genki is a 12-year old middle school boy, who is the main leader of the group. He has a good heart, and he truly cares for his friends and the monsters. He is very good at the game Monster Battle. After getting the Monster Rancher video game in the mail, he was transported to the Monster World. His goal is to turn all of the evil monsters into good monsters again. Determined, optimistic, and hopeful, Genki is a real go-getter. Genki also directly fights enemy monsters by donning his roller blades in combat (his roller blades arrived in the Monster World with him). He is also surprisingly strong for a 12-year old (he has been shown to be able to lift objects several times his own weight from time to time in the series), although whether this is due to his own innate strength or because he is in the game world (thereby having been subjected to some game mechanic) is not known.
Holly.
A 14 year old girl who is on a quest to find the location of the ancient Monster called Phoenix. At the beginning of the series she is more sarcastic and witty like her game counterpart, but she becomes more withdrawn and calm as the series progresses. Her village was destroyed in Moo's first attack which was led by Naga. The attack killed Holly's grandfather and everyone in the village left only her and her monster Suezo alive. Holly uses a magical pendant called the Magic Stone to locate new Mystery Disks that contain monsters. Though she denies it at first, she learned that her father had become a vessel for the soul of the evil Moo. After the Phoenix and Moo destroyed each other, Holly went on a quest to find the Phoenix's Mystery Disc to save her father from it. Unlike the others, she does not directly involve herself in combat, though she is capable of defending herself. In one instance, she threw an Evil Hare away from her and in another she uses her father's dagger to defend herself and an unconscious Genki. Holly is the only member of the rebel group that gets along with everyone. The rest of the group tends to fight among each other at times.
Mocchi.
A little pink, duck-like monster who is Genki's tag team partner in many battles. Mocchi came into existence when Genki went to the shrine and unlocked his video game disk which turned out to be a Mystery Disk. Although Mocchi's initial actions indicated that he was a very young child, he soon became a great fighter and a valuable asset in the search for the Phoenix. Like Genki, Mocchi is very brave and good-hearted. When in battle, Mocchi can move very fast by rolling into a ball like an armadillo and bouncing. He can also unleash very powerful attacks, like Cherry Blossom Blizzard and Mocchi Cannon. At first, he can only say Mocchi like his Pokémon counterparts but eventually learns to talk human or like other monsters although he still says Mocchi at the end of his sentence/speech. Mocchi was the Phoenix's courage.
Suezo.
A simple monster with only a mouth, a huge singular eye, and an upright tail. He is Holly's loyal monster retainer. Suezo serves as a joke in many instances and he can be a little obnoxious and loud-mouthed. He has amazing Telescopic vision and can teleport himself and other objects from one location to another in mere seconds, though it took a bit of practice to perfect this. Thus, eventually a very useful asset to the team. Suezo was the Phoenix's pride.
Golem.
A large and powerful humanoid monster made of rocks. He moves slowly, but his punches and other attacks are destructive. Golem is a kind-hearted monster who loves nature. However, when in battle he will fight furiously with powerful techniques. He can break apart to perform his Tornado attack, launching bits and pieces of himself in a whirlwind formation. Because he cannot swim, he is also afraid of water. Despite being the single most powerful member of the group, he is passive and would only resort to violence when the group is desperate or if Holly would be hurt. Golem was the Phoenix's kindness.
Tiger.
Tiger ("Rygar" in Japanese) is a blue, wolf-like monster with horns on his head. He is a feared thief and bandit known as "Tiger of the Wind". He was the leader of a pack of rogue mixed-breed Tigers that were isolated from all humans. Eventually, he met up with Genki. At first, he looked down upon Genki's optimistic and caring nature. Tiger had a rough past that changed him forever, giving him a jaded and cold view of life. However, after listening to Genki, he has learned to care more for others. A clan of Dinos commanded by Moo killed off Tiger's pack, so he joined up with Genki's team in hopes of finding and defeating Moo. Tiger is extremely fast and powerful in battle. He uses an array of swift attacks, as well as firing electricity from his horns and using ice-based attacks. Tiger once had a younger brother named Gray Wolf. They lived together as orphaned pups. Eventually, they built a pack of mixed-breed Tigers. When Tiger first met Moo, the giant monster killed every last member of Tiger's pack and kidnapped Gray Wolf leaving Tiger to die. Tiger would later find out the cold, harsh truth of what happened to his brother. Tiger was the Phoenix's anger.
Hare.
Hare ("Ham" in Japanese) is a charismatic humanoid rabbit with large fists, Hare acts as the strategist of the group, and can be very cunning and devious when the situation demands it. When first introduced into the series, he was portrayed as a sneaky con-artist. Using the guise of wanting to help the searchers, Hare tried to steal the gang's valuables. Tiger did not initially trust him, but after Tiger forgave him, he joined the team. Although he was initially in it for the possible rewards, Hare eventually formed strong bonds of friendship with the others, and admitted his past faults. While he and Tiger still argued frequently, they too developed a sense of friendship. 
While friendly towards others, Hare tends to be selfish and often gloats about his skills, but often prefers to flee from battle with more powerful opponents. His fighting style revolves around boxing, flying kicks and flatulence (removed from the U.S. version). He is also known to use dirty tricks to get his opponent to drop their guard, which was prominently featured during his first battle with Tiger. Due to his past schemes, Hare is often reminded of his shifty past by his teammates (particularly Tiger). Due to his cunning nature, Hare eventually became the team planner and often devised battle strategies, rescue operations and even methods of retreat when necessary. Hare was the Phoenix's intelligence.
Secondary characters.
There are many other characters who appear over the course of the story, and are prominently featured in multiple episodes of the series. While they do not appear in every episode, they provide help to the searchers many times throughout their journey.
Pixie.
Formerly one of Moo's Big Bad Four, Pixie left Moo after Genki opened her eyes to the truth of Moo's evil. Although her exact age is not known, Pixie appears to be in her early twenties. Pixie is based on the pure-bred pixies depicted on the "Monster Rancher" video game. Her overall appearance is that of a slim young woman with red hair, a pair of leathery wings, two silver horns jut from her head, a whip-like tail that ends in a small spike, and clawed hands and feet. Her usual garb is a reddish-pink bikini-like outfit with arm bands and leg bands. Pixie's disposition ranges from quiet and shrewd to level-headed and mature.
Pixie is one of the most physically powerful characters featured on the Monster Rancher series, being the only one to damage Moo in "Holly's Rescue". In addition to seemingly superhuman strength and speed, Pixie can fly and generate massive energy surges and fire walls. Pixie came to play a semi-regular role on Monster Rancher, and helped Genki and his friends time and again until she was mortally injured by Moo with his attacks destroying Pixie's wings. By the sacrifice of her follower Big Blue, Pixie was healed and reborn as Granity. After this transformation, Pixie took on an almost angelic appearance. Her wings became feathery and her hair turned green, and her reddish-pink clothes were replaced with stone battle armor. 
She would later resurface to deal with the threat of the remaining baddies, but was possessed by one of Durahan's minions and forced against her will to attack Genki's group. Although she proved more than a match for all seven of them, Genki's encouragement and Big Blue's presence within her body allowed her to overcome the mind control.
Big Blue.
An ice-carved giant whose is made of un-meltable ice rock and resembles Golem (He is a Golem/Tiger hybrid). He functions as Pixie's bodyguard and traveling companion. Although seemingly as cold as he appeared, he was truly loyal to Pixie and fought by her side no matter what she believed in. After Pixie's fatal injuries during her battle with Moo in his newly perfected body, Big Blue loved his master so much that he sacrificed his own existence to save Pixie by fusing his being into her, turning her into Granity (A Pixie/Golem hybrid).
Gray Wolf.
He was Tiger's younger brother who was made into a member of Moo's Big Bad Four. Although he was once like his brother, Gray Wolf was captured during a battle and the darkness of his heart was exploited by Moo, turning him into a Baddie. As a member of the Big Bad Four, Gray Wolf led a pack of mixed-breed Tigers and commanded armies of Baddies which patrolled the surrounding areas. After many of his minions were defeated by his brother and the others, Gray Wolf fought his brother and was defeated when Tiger ran his baddie crest through with his horn.
Gray Wolf was later resurrected as a good monster by Mina and fought a rematch against Tiger in the World Cup Championship. The two subsequently parted on good terms.
Allan.
Allan was a young human boy with a Worm as his monster partner. He wanted to join Moo after stealing the Mystery Disk that Holly was in the middle of unlocking. But after two of Seed Sisters double-crossed him and killed his Worm by draining it's energy, he decided that he would fight against Moo after he killed the Seed Sisters. Although he used to be a cruel master to his monster, he changed after watching the Seed Sisters kill his Worm. In return for helping them get rid of the Seed Sisters, Genki and the searchers handed Allan a young Worm that they had unlocked from a Mystery Disk. Allan was later seen aboard Captain Horn's pirate ship helping him defeat Moo's Arrowheads and Jells. Allan made one last appearance in "Allan's Advice" where he, young Worm, and Allan's resurrected Worm gathering mystery disks to unlock and find good homes for.
Monol.
A monolith monster who knows the history of Moo and everything else. He occasionally dozes off.
Falcon.
Leader of the Pirate Dragons. They helped Genki and Co. rescue Holly from Moo's castle. They later helped the searchers and Pixie fight Moo in order to prevent him from going near the area where the Phoenix' body lies.
Captain Horn.
Captain Horn was a pirate who traveled around the world with his crew of Rocky Suezos (Suezo/Golem hybrids), hunting for treasure. He resembles a pirate version of Suezo (He is a Suezo/Tiger hybrid). When he is first introduced into the series, the gang meets him at a port town where they are attacked by Moo's henchmen. In need of transportation across the sea, Genki's group asks him if they can ride aboard his ship. While he seems initially reluctant, Captain Horn proposes that he ferry the gang to the next island after being kissed by Holly. His crew ferries the searchers across the sea with Golem holding the mainmast of the ship, but the group is ambushed by an army of Zillas. While they are able to defeat the water-based monsters, their master, a giant Zilla named Guji, makes an appearance and almost sinks the ship. After a struggle, the crew sends Guji into a whirlpool and reaches land again.
Horn appears later on in the series fighting alongside Alan against some of Moo's Arrowheads and Jells.
Minor characters.
Characters who only appear once or twice throughout the entire series, save for cameo appearances.
Villains.
The main antagonists of the series consisting of Moo and his army of baddies. After Moo's defeat, the surviving baddies who had not been purified by the Phoenix were led by General Durahan in an attempt to revive Moo's power and steal it for themselves.
Moo.
, David Kaye (English, after possessing Durahan's team in final episode)
Moo ("Muu" in Japan) He was an extremely powerful giant dragon-like monster engineered as the ultimate weapon in the great war of ancient times. His dark powers eventually grew too powerful to be controlled, and he created legions with his ability to transform good monsters into his evil baddie servants for the purpose of destroying the world. The surviving scientists created the one creature capable of defeating Moo, the Phoenix. They battled, but proved to be closely matched. Realizing that they had no other choice, the scientists created a machine called the Final Gate that would put an end to the war of the monsters, but they knew that it would affect all monsters. Using the Final Gate, Moo's spirit and the Phoenix's spirit were separated from their bodies, and all other monsters became sealed into Mystery Disks. Moo's soul became a Mystery Disk imprisoned in his castle along with the Mystery Disks containing many of his old troops.
Centuries later, Holly's father was banished from his village and went in search of the Phoenix without the aid of the Magic Stone. He eventually found Moo's castle where he unintentionally unlocked Moo's soul. The malevolent spirit entered his body and thus Moo was reborn into an full-armored form with a black cape and long white hair. He reassembled his army with his Big Bad Four enforcing his injustice and terrorizing the world while in search of the location of his old body. After kidnapping Holly, he told her that he was her father. Although she did not want to believe it at first, he showed her the dagger that her father once had. Moo then used the Magic Stone to point out the location of his ancient body. Thanks to a little interference from Holly's companions and Pixie, the stone was taken from him and given back to Holly and they fled to escape his clutches. Moo flew to the North in his Castle and ordered his minions to begin an excavation so that he could find his ancient body. He found it, but failed to merge with it. The rediscovery of the Final Gate that had been used to defeat him allowed his servants to use it and allow him to fuse with his body. With his body back, Moo immediately flew to meet Genki and his friends and destroy them. Despite the fact that Pixie helped them, Moo was still victorious. When they seemed defeated, the sun rose over the horizon causing him pain. He fled in confusion and sought to solve whatever problem had occurred.
After obtaining the Magic Stone from the treacherous General Durahan who taken it from Holly, Moo perfected his body. He went to finish what he had failed to do earlier, but made the mistake of absorbing too much hatred (which normally makes him stronger) which consumed his mind in the darkness of his own heart. The process drove him insane. After the Phoenix arose, the enraged Moo and the Phoenix destroyed each other.
Though his body was destroyed, Moo's soul was sealed inside a mystery disc with Holly's father. This Disk was later found by Holly and Mocchi and after reuniting with Genki, Holly sensed her father's soul along with Moo's. After reassembling the old gang, the crew decided to find a shrine and free Holly's father from the disk but keep Moo trapped. However, General Durahan was searching for the disc so he could absorb Moo's soul and use its power as his own. Though he succeeded in his plan, Moo turned out to be too powerful and took over Durahan and merged him with Poison, Mum Mew, Gobi and Weed to form a body for himself. When the Searchers, with Holly's father helping them, were absorbed by Moo into his body, they encountered his soul. When Mocchi and the other monsters formed the Phoenix, Genki, Holly, her father, Durahan, Poison, Mum Mew, Gobi and Weed merged with the Phoenix and destroyed Moo for good.
Muu is a play on the Japanese word "mu", meaning "void" or "nothing".
Gali.
Formerly one of Moo's Big Bad Four, this suave and cultured creature is invisible save for the golden mask and cape that he wears. Gali enjoys mocking his opponents and toying with lesser rivals, but if pressed, he can unleash fearsome attacks that batter and drain even the most formidable enemies. His calm and arrogant nature hides a wrathful temper; if angered or insulted, Gali attacks without mercy. 
After receiving order to destroy Genki's group, Gali initially dispatches his soldiers to accomplish the task, but the searcher eventually reach his castle. During his encounter with Genki and the searchers, Gali tricked them into entering his castle, and trapped them in a sand pit. He rendered them useless by draining their energy, but Mocchi was shielded from this attack and was able to escape the darkened area beneath the sand pit and battle with Gali. Near the end of the fight, the others overcame the effects of his attack and rejoined the battle. Genki struck Gali and damaged his mask, causing him to go into a rage. In his wrath he released a giant hurricane in an attempt to destroy them, but was killed by Mocchi's newly learned Mocchi Cannon attack. 
Gali later resurfaced as a purified monster and entered the Monster Grand Prix along with Sandy, the gold-colored Monel from his old castle. The pair are eventually confronted by Poison who offers them a place among the remaining baddies, but he decides to give her his answer after his match against the searchers in the Monster Grand Prix. Gali and Sandy battle against Mocchi and Naga during the tournament, but are ultimately defeated. Inspired by Naga's change of heart, Gali betrays Poison and sets off to train for the next tournament.
Naga.
Formerly one of Moo's Big Bad Four, Naga is a half-serpent creature with a stinger on his tail. He lives for battles, and his cruel fighting style horrifies other monsters. Naga was probably the most sinister of the Big Bad Four, and personally appeared in Holly's Village during the attack years ago with an army of Jells and Dinos when it was raining. When Holly's grandfather tries to reason with him, Naga states that he and his army after the Magic Stone so Moo can find Mystery Disks and build his army. When Holly's grandfather and the villagers wouldn't give up the Magic Stone (which was with Holly at the time), a fight broke out between both sides which ended with everyone in the village ended up killed and the monsters that lived their reduced to Lost Disks. Naga was also implied to have been the most pro-active of the Big Bad Four, taking part in the destruction of countless villages and monsters. He would later battle against Genki's group, but was defeated when Mocchi used the Mocchi Cannon on him. He was hanging onto the edge of his tower, and chose to take his own life by falling off into the canyon below, seeing Holly not giving in to revenge and unwilling to take his life.
Naga was resurrected later as a purified monster, and became influenced by Genki's team and their good deeds to become a protector. Although the group welcomed him, Suezo still displayed distrust. It wasn't until the Grand Prix fight, that Suezo's encouragement gave Naga the strength to defeat Gali and win the fight for Genki. Impressed by Naga's change, Gali agreed to train and become stronger too.
General Durahan.
A living suit of armor that serves Moo, housing the soul of a proud, ancient knight. After the defeat of Naga, General Durahan was summoned by Moo to defeat Genki and Holly's group of rebels and stop their search for the Phoenix. General Durahan's base of operations was a giant Iron Bird, equipped with powerful weapons and his craft also holds a collection of Moo's most powerful warriors kept frozen in special capsules. After General Durahan's meeting with Master Moo, he created a plan to defeat his weakened master and taken over as ruler of the baddies, but first agreed to take out the Moo's enemies. Opening the capsules holding the warriors, he dispatched his powerful warriors and one by one they were defeated. 
After hearing that Moo needed the Magic Stone from Holly to perfect his body, General Durahan released the Gangsters from their capsules and sent them to claim the stone, but they were deactivated after Lilim took the Magic Stone from Holly. General Durahan returned to Moo, but instead of giving him the stone, he attacked his master and was badly injured in the process. He fled in his Iron Bird when Lilim and those in his approaching fleet turned on him and helped Moo. Suezo teleported the others aboard the craft. They defeated Durahan, but Moo's baddies took the stone from him, and Suezo was forced to teleport himself and his friends to safety before the Iron Bird crashed. 
Although General Durahan was on board the Iron Bird when it crashed, his head managed to survive the impact. Kept alive by cybernetic equipment, the evil general would resurface a year later as the leader of the remaining baddies. With Mum Mew, Gobi, Poison, and Weed at his command, Durahan planned to find Moo's disk and absorb him into his own body. Using what remained of his collection of warriors, General Durahan and his minions challenged Genki's group. His plans eventually succeed. However when the Searchers interfered, Moo was able to possess Durahan and form a body out of Posion, Mum Mew, Gobi, and Weed. When the Searchers (and Holly's Father) were absorbed into Moo's new body they saw General Durahan, Gobi, Mum Mew, Poison, and Weed being absorbed by Moo's soul, Mocchi and the other monsters then formed the Phoenix and freed them. Durahan was puzzled why Genki would save them since they were enemies. However half way through the fight with Moo and the Phoenix, General Durahan finally understood what made the Searchers stronger than the baddies:"The most vulnerable path is the hardest one to follow, and that is what makes it the strongest". Upon learning this, he became a good monster again (along with Posion, Mum Mew, Gobi and Weed) and merged with the Phoenix with Genki, Holly, Holly's father, Gobi, Mum Mew, Poison, and Weed and destroyed Moo's soul. After this, he was rewarded with his old body and his baddie crest taken away.
Lilim.
Lilim is a Pixie/Joker hybrid and was probably one of the most cunning and devious of the baddies. Although she resembles Pixie, she proved to be much more treacherous than her counterpart. After General Durahan's brief meeting with Master Moo, she suggested that he defeat their weakened master and rule over the baddies. General Durahan agreed, but he first set out to destroy Genki and his companions. When General Durahan's collection of warriors began to shrink due to their destruction, Lilim stepped in and decided it was best if she enacted her own devious plan rather than rely on his warriors. Lilim kidnapped a human baby and forced its caretaker, Jagd Hound, to attack the searchers. Although it appeared to work, Lilim was outsmarted when Tiger and Jagd Hound tricked her and took the baby to safety. Lilim fled in anger, but would later aid General Durahan in claiming the Magic Stone for him. After learning how strong the stone could make Moo, she turned on him, convinced General Durahan's fleet to side with Moo and helped Moo get back the stone. During this attempt, she and General Durahan crashed in his destroyed Iron Bird. It is impled that seconds before the crash, General Durahan stabbed her as revenge for her betrayal, causing her to be a lost disc.
Mum Mew.
A Mew/Pixie hybrid, Mum Mew works under General Durahan as a sub-leader of the baddie remnants. Vain, Mum Mew spends most of her time primping herself in front of a mirror, believing herself to be more beautiful than she is. Possessing a fierce temper, she will attack anyone who calls her old. Although she has numerous bad traits, she is not as evil as the baddie leaders during Moo's reign. Commonly accompanied by Gobi. At the end of the series, she became a good monster and became nicer to Gobi.
Gobi.
A Golem/Henger hybrid, Gobi is the accomplice of Mum Mew. He usually acts as the muscle of the pair, and is not very intelligent. This characteristic is present to such a degree, that so much that any attempt at deep thinking results in him experiencing violent headaches. He enjoys making friends, as he is shown having Mum Mew take pictures of him with the warriors Durahan awakens and weeping when they desert after being defeated by Genki and his friends. At the end of the series, he became a good monster.
Poison.
A Pixie type, Poison essentially fills the same position Lilim did during Moo's reign, though more loyal to the General than Lilim was. She has a rivalry of sorts with Mum Mew, pointing out the Mew/Pixie's lack of feminine traits in comparison to her own. Unlike the previous two Pixies, Poison was slightly more comical compared to Pixie and Lilim, occasionally engaging in slapstick humor with Mum Mew and Gobi. At the end of the series, she became a good monster.
Cyborg Weed.
This Weed was the one responsible for bringing General Durahan back to life by using cybernetic technology and was the most loyal to him. However, the process of resurrecting Durahan had somehow caused Weed to become a Cyborg. At the end of the series, he became a good monster and was given back his old body.
Other baddies.
Minor villains in the "Monster Rancher" anime, these characters often served as soldiers and henchmen for the leaders of the baddies. 

</doc>
<doc id="19307219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307219" title="Kevin Souter">
Kevin Souter

Kevin Souter (born January 7, 1984 in Portsoy) is a Scottish former professional footballer, currently player-coach at Ryerson University.
Career.
Early career in Scotland.
Kevin graduated from the Grant Smith Soccer Academy in Portsoy before heading to play for the Westhill boy's club, and was a member of Scottish Premier Division team Aberdeen's youth setup, making four first team league appearances for them between 2002 and 2003. He joined Scottish non-league side Buckie Thistle in 2004, and played for them in the Highland Football League for one year prior to his move across the Atlantic.
College and Amateur.
Souter moved to the United States in 2005 to play college soccer for Graceland University, where he was named 2nd Team NAIA All-American in 2007 and was an Honorable-Mention All-American choice when his team won the 2006 NAIA National Championship. During his college years he also played with Des Moines Menace in the USL Premier Development League
Professional.
Souter was signed as a developmental player by Kansas City Wizards in May 2008 after impressing head coach Curt Onalfo during a two-day open tryout. He made his debut for them on 13 September 2008, coming on as a second half substitute for Herculez Gomez against Los Angeles Galaxy. He scored his first Major League Soccer goal against Toronto FC in the 79 minute. Josh Wolff gave him the goal through an assist.
Souter was waived by Kansas City during the 2010 pre-season, and initially was selected by Seattle Sounders FC off the waivers list, but was not offered a contract by the MLS club because their front office was targeting other international players.
Coaching.
Having failed to secure a professional contract elsewhere, Souter moved to Canada to be a player-coach for the Ryerson University men's soccer team in Toronto, Canada, under head coach Ivan Joseph (his former coach at Graceland University). Having taken some classes at the university to allow him to play in 2010, Souter will become the team's head coach for the 2011 season, with Joseph staying on as an assistant until 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19307230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307230" title="Luck of the Draw (board game)">
Luck of the Draw (board game)

Luck of the Draw is a drawing game published in 2006. Distinguishing it from other games in the genre, all players draw the same subject and advancement is effected by voting for the most appropriate drawing in various categories rather than guessing a subject. Because the categories are not directly related to artistic skill, players with advanced drawing ability are not favored. The game was conceptualized by Donald W. Scott and is produced under license by Gamewright.
Components.
Luck of the Draw includes:
Objective.
The objective is to collect the most category cards.
Gameplay.
Gameplay consists of a drawing phase and a voting phase.
Drawing phase.
One player selects a Subject card from the Subject box. Another player rolls the die and inverts the sand timer. Then all players have 45 seconds to draw the subject that matches the number rolled.
As drawings are completed, they are placed face down in the center of the play surface. All remaining players must place their drawings face down on the play surface when the timer expires.
Voting phase.
One player then mixes the drawings, arranges them face up such that each is visible to all players, and places a randomly selected colored chip on the corner of each. Another player rolls the die to determine how many category cards will be voted on for the round. One players draws the first Category card from the Categories box and reads it aloud.
Examples of categories are:
Using Voting Wheels, all players secretly vote for the drawing they feel best fits the category by turning the wheel to the color that matches the chip on their chosen drawing. When all players have finished voting, the Voting Wheels are revealed simultaneously.
The player whose drawing receives the majority of the votes keeps the Category card. Mechanics are included in the rules of play to account for tie votes. The voting process is repeated the number of times shown on the die.
Winning.
The number of Category cards required to win a game of Luck of the Draw is dependent on the number of players; with fewer players more rounds will be played in a given time period and thus more points are required to win. The game can be played with as few as 4 players and as many as 8 or more.
Awards.
Luck of the Draw has been the recipient of numerous awards since its introduction. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19307233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307233" title="Kimkins">
Kimkins

Kimkins is an online diet program created by Heidi Diaz under the pseudonym 'Kimmer' that became famous in 2007 in the magazine "Woman's World". The program became embroiled in controversy when it was found that its founder was overweight and had provided some false testimonials on her website. 
Overview.
The diet was developed by Diaz on an online message board focusing on low-carbohydrate diets Lowcarbfriends.com in 2006. Diaz left the board in 2006 to start Kimkins with a partner, and in January 2007 "People" featured a column on extreme weight loss that mentioned Kimkins. The program gained popularity when "Woman's World" published a feature on the diet and its creator 'Kim Drake' in their June 12, 2007 issue. In August 2007, considerable negative coverage of the diet began appearing on the internet, particularly in the form of blogs and several of the site's administrators were fired after publicly questioning the diet. In September 2007 a private investigator was hired to investigate Diaz, exposing her real identity as well as publishing numerous photos demonstrating she was considerably overweight.
Law suit.
A class action lawsuit was launched against the website in March, 2008 after it was revealed that the diet's creator was a 300-pound woman named Heidi Diaz who was promoting the diet under the pseudonym Kim 'Kimmer' Drake. During investigations for the suit it was found that the website took in $1,200,000 during the month of June, 2007 alone. It also was revealed that the post-weight loss photos were taken from a mail-order bride website rather than actually representing someone who actually had undertaken the diet. Numerous testimonials on the website were falsified, and several of the website employees have been fired for questioning the safety of the diet.
Consumer concerns.
Members of the website have been banned if they disagreed with Diaz online, people who fail to lose weight quickly have been blamed for not adhering to the diet strictly enough and Diaz has encouraged people to continue following the plan despite showing signs of eating disorders. The diet won an award for "Worst Product for 2008" from the website healthyweight.net.
The Los Angeles Better Business Bureau gave the company a rating of "F", which means they "strongly question the company’s reliability for reasons such as that they have failed to respond to complaints, their advertising is grossly misleading, they are not in compliance with the law’s licensing or registration requirements, their complaints contain especially serious allegations, or the company’s industry is known for its fraudulent business practices."

</doc>
<doc id="19307265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307265" title="Along Came Daffy">
Along Came Daffy

Along Came Daffy is a 1947 Warner Bros. cartoon in the "Looney Tunes" (reissued as a "Blue Ribbon Merrie Melody" on July 24, 1954) series, featuring Daffy Duck and two characters resembling Yosemite Sam. It was directed by Friz Freleng and written by Michael Maltese and Tedd Pierce. All voices are performed by Mel Blanc. "Along Came Daffy" is one of only two Warner Bros. shorts (the other being "Honey's Money") in which Yosemite Sam is not paired with Bugs Bunny (although at one point Daffy does ask, "What's cookin', Doc?", a variant of Bugs's "What's up, Doc?" catchphrase along with the famous "eh" and the imitated 'carrot chewing'). This is also the only pre-August 1948 Yosemite Sam cartoon that was reissued as a Blue Ribbon Merrie Melody.
Plot.
Yosemite Sam and his black-haired twin are starving in a snowbound cabin. In a scene reminiscent of 1943's "Wackiki Wabbit", the two hungry men start to hallucinate and see each other as food due to extreme starvation.
Daffy Duck turns up as a door-to-door salesman. Upon realizing he is a duck, the two Sams chase Daffy all over the cabin, to try to turn him into a duck dinner. Eventually Daffy is able to explain that he is selling cookbooks, and happens to have a complimentary turkey dinner in his sample case. He lays out the spread and makes a quick exit as the famished Sams sit down to eat.
Before the two Sams can take a bite, a hoard of hungry mice dash from out of the woodwork and strip the turkey clean in a few seconds. At the point of despair, they hear another knock on the door. Daffy is there again, offering some after-dinner mints. The two Sams grab him and pull him inside. Daffy is able to stick his head out the door for a moment and tell the audience, "Well, here we go again!" He then gets yanked back inside and the door closes to a black-out that ends the cartoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19307267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307267" title="Nana technology">
Nana technology

"Nana" Technology is microchip based technology designed, intended, or that can otherwise be used to improve quality of life for older adults.
History and usage of the term.
The term “Nana” technology was coined in 2004 by Andrew Carle, an Assistant Professor at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia.
Carle’s goal was to bridge what he referred to as the 'divide between Geeks and Grans', in which technology companies were failing to consistently develop products of practical value to older adults, with older adults simultaneously unaware of technologies that did exist and could be helpful in their daily lives. Carle additionally felt governments were not paying enough attention to issues relevant to aging populations worldwide – both in stresses on family caregivers struggling to allow aging parents to live independently for as long as possible, as well as on the critical shortage of long term care workers in both home and facility based environments.
A word play on the scientific field of nanotechnology, “Nana” technology is loosely directed to imply technologies for someone’s grandmother, or “Nana”. Carle was the first person to advance the use of this phrase with a formal definition, and one focused exclusively on microchip technologies, with the end result of naming a new and distinct subset of the technology services industry. Carle’s term and specific application were first nationally published in a feature article in USA TODAY on August 9, 2006. Since that time Carle’s term and/or definition has been published, quoted, or featured in or on numerous media worldwide including but not limited to: CNN, CNBC, CBS News, Fox News, NPR, Forbes, Smart Money, Business 2.0, UPI, Agence France-Presse, KYODO News Service, and the Australian Broadcast Corporation, among others.
Since defining the sector, Carle has served as a consultant or adviser to a number of companies with an interest in developing technologies for older adults, including APPLE, Nintendo, Vigorous Mind, and GTX Corporation. With GTX, he helped develop the first GPS shoe for individuals with Alzheimer's and related dementia, who may be at risk of wandering and becoming lost. In 2012, the technology was recognized as one of the "100 Most Important Inventions of Mankind" by the National Museum of Science and Technology in Stockholm, Sweden.
Categories.
In addition to the term and definition, Carle has established eight categories to date for “Nana” technologies, and as they pertain to areas most relevant to individuals over the age of 65:
Health and Wellness: Including technologies such as those for managing medications, monitoring vital signs, or treating medical conditions typically affecting older adults. 
Safety: Including technologies for preventing or reducing falls, monitoring for or requesting emergency assistance, or tracking or preventing wandering among individuals suffering from Alzheimer’s related dementia.
Cognition: Includes technologies intended to improve overall cognitive functioning as affected by normal aging, Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI), Alzheimer’s Disease or related dementia.
Communication: Includes technologies that allow older adults to communicate electronically via phone, internet, video, or other forms of communication.
Sensory: Includes technologies that assist older adults affected by reduction or loss of vision, hearing, taste, touch, or smell.
Mobility: Includes technologies such as those that assist older adults in ambulation, transportation, or driving.
Lifestyle: Includes technologies that assist older adults in day-to-day functioning including meal preparation, housekeeping/home maintenance, bathing, dressing, etc.
Robotics/Whole Home Systems: Includes technologies that can self perform assistive tasks, and/or which combine two or more of the above categories into a single system.
Examples of Current "Nana" Technologies.
Carle has released or presented multiple Top "Nana" Technologies opinion lists, which have been published in numerous national and international media. Featured below is a sample of technologies mentioned or similar to those identified during a presentation at the AARP Life@50+ National Event & Expo in Washington, DC: 
Future Technologies.
Carle has repeatedly referenced “Nana” Technologies being researched or developed for future application. Examples cited by Carle have included a medicine cabinet featuring both face recognition and voice communication capabilities, a “smart shirt” that can monitor vital signs and administer CPR in the event of an emergency, "sensory" shoe inserts that can provide older adults with the same balance as a 20-year old, and a personal assistance robot that can hear, see, and smell.
Trademark and Copyright.
The trade name "Nana" Technology(TM) is trademarked to Carle and used commercially, among other uses, as a licensed designation for "best of show" winners of an annual, national competition of technologies for older adults. No company or person may use the "Nana" Technology designation in commercial use for their products and/or personal gain without permission or licensure of such use from Andrew Carle.
Intellectual property rights for the "Nana" Technology term, definition, and categories are additionally copyrighted to Carle (2004), as originally published and presented in his course lectures at George Mason University, and in subsequent articles published by Carle. In this regard, use of the term to describe such technologies must be properly sourced, as well as meet the definition and categories established by Carle.

</doc>
<doc id="19307277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307277" title="63d Airlift Wing">
63d Airlift Wing

The 63d Airlift Wing (63 AW) is an inactive unit of the United States Air Force. Its last assignment was with Air Mobility Command, being stationed at Norton Air Force Base, California. It was inactivated on 1 April 1994.
History.
Origins.
The 63d Troop Carrier Wing was established on 10 May 1949. It was activated in the Air Force Reserve on 10 May 1949 as part of Tactical Air Command It was equipped with C-54 Skymasters and assigned to Floyd Bennett Field, New York. It was activated to Federal Service on 1 May 1951, and its personnel and equipment were sent to Japan to be used in the Korean War with the 61st Troop Carrier Group. With its personnel and equipment deployed, the group was inactivated on 9 May 1951.
After the Korean War, the unit was redesignated as the 63d Troop Carrier Wing, Heavy and activated at Altus Municipal Airport (later Altus AFB), Oklahoma on 20 June 1953, being assigned to Tactical Air Command. It trained on C-124 Globemaster IIs and transported personnel and supplies, and participated in exercises and maneuvers with Army airborne troops.
Donaldson AFB.
On 15 October 1953 the 63d Troop Carrier Wing was transferred to Donaldson AFB, South Carolina. At Donaldson, the unit participated in maneuvers, exercises and the airlift of personnel and cargo to many points throughout the world. Large hangars and expansive ramps were constructed to support these large aircraft, and the base was known as the "Troop Carrier Capitol of the World". In 1955 the wing transported construction equipment from bases in Canada to points north of the Arctic Circle for use in setting up the Distant Early Warning Line network in the Canadian Arctic; for this operation, accomplished in severe weather and without adequate navigational equipment, the group received an Air Force Outstanding Unit Award.
In the following years, the 63d's special humanitarian airlift role continued to increase. This included an airlift by the 14th Troop Carrier Squadron (TCS) in March 1956 of 21 Iron Lungs from Boston, Massachusetts, to polio stricken Argentina. Thirteen months later, a crew from the 15 TCS transported U.S. Ambassador Charles E. Bohlen and his family from Moscow, Russia, to Rhein Main AFB, Germany (en route to his new assignment as U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines. Thus, the 15th became the first to land a C-124 "Globemaster" in the Soviet capital.
In 1957 a reorganization of troop carrier forces included the transfer of TAC's heavy-lift C-124 wings to the Military Air Transport Service (MATS) where they retained their troop carrier identity and were remained dedicated to support TAC on troop deployments. Under MATS, the 63d performed global airlift missions, including occasional humanitarian or mercy missions, using C-124s as its primary aircraft in the 1958 Lebanon crisis; the 1958 Taiwan Strait Crisis; where the 63d assisted in a complete operational Air Force squadron being airlifted in a single-package operation; the Congo Crisis of 1962 and to Southeast Asia where wing C-124s transported Thai and United States Marines to locations near the Mekong River in Thailand to deter communist aggression in 1962.
Hunter AFB.
With the closing of Donaldson, the wing was reassigned to Hunter Air Force Base, Georgia in January 1963. By this time, the wing flew only the C-124 aircraft. Although the wing relocated, its mission remained unchanged. In November 1964, the 63d flew 15 missions behind the Iron Curtain and provided relief in the flooded areas of Yugoslavia during an outbreak of hepatitis. During that same month, 15 of the wing's C-124s (and their associated aircrews) supported Belgian C-130 paratroop operations to free hostages held by rebel forces in Belgium. The paratroopers' efforts proved successful with the liberation of the hostages. After a military siege of the elected government in the Dominican Republic, the wing supported Operation Red Fox/Power Pack (29 April to 8 May 1965), by providing 23 aircraft. At Huner the wing coordinated with Army infantry and airborne units at Fort Stewart, and flew many thousands of troops to air bases in South Vietnam in the mid-1960s.
On 8 January 1966, the 63d Troop Carrier Wing was reassigned from the inactivating Military Air Transport Service to the newly established USAF Military Airlift Command (MAC). With this reassignment, the wing was redesignated as the 63d Military Airlift Wing (MAW). Less than six months later, on 1 July, the wing sent a small provisional element to Norton AFB, California, to begin the wing's eventual move to the Southern California airfield on 1 April 1967.
Vietnam War era.
On 1 April 1967, Headquarters, Military Airlift Command (MAC) discontinued the provisional unit, and officially transferred the 63 MAW to its new home Norton AFB, California and entered the jet age, being equipped with the new C-141 Starlifter. From Norton, the wing's notable operations were airlifts and airdrops to floating ice islands in support of scientific stations in the Arctic Ocean, airlift and airdrop support in the Antarctic in support of the Navy's Operation Deep Freeze and airlifting of a complete army units on rotation to Europe in support of Reforger Exercises.
Within the next few years, the 63d MAW expanded its mission by providing airlift support for the astronauts assigned to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) Apollo program. On 22 July 1969, an aircrew from the 14th Military Airlift Squadron (MAS) flew to Hickam AFB, Hawaii, and transported the crew of the history-making Apollo 11 flight (the first men to walk on the moon) in the Mobile Quarantine Facility to Ellington AFB, Texas. The wing continued to play a vital role in future NASA programs by providing transportation for personnel, biological samples, and equipment.
During the Vietnam War, 63d MAW C-141s were common sights throughout Japan, the Philippines and Southeast Asia, flying airlift missions to Asia during the Vietnam War. 63d MAW C-141 66-0177 flew Bob Hope to USO shows in South Vietnam and in March 1973, was used in the final days of the Vietnam War to repatriate American POWs from North Vietnam. Arizona Senator John McCain was one of the POWs who flew home on the aircraft, known as the "Hanoi Taxi". The Hanoi Taxi's name comes from the writing on the flight engineer's panel by the POWs aboard the plane for the freedom flight.
In 1975, C-141s from Norton took part in the airlift of Vietnam refugees from their homeland to the United States (Operation New Life). Throughout the last half of the 1970s, the 63 MAW continued to provide assistance in a variety of humanitarian relief efforts. These missions included support in the aftermath of the 1976 Guatemalan earthquake; quick response to typhoon victims in Guam in both 1976 and 1977; and the 1978 blizzard that left the northeastern portion of the U.S. virtually crippled.
Post-Vietnam era.
Beginning in 1977, the 63d's C-141s were modified to the C-141B configuration by adding sections before and after the wings. This lengthened the fuselage and allowed the carriage of 103 litters for wounded, 13 standard pallets, 205 troops, 168 paratroopers, or an equivalent increase in other loads. Also added at this time was a boom receptacle for inflight refueling. The conversion program was completed by 1982. It was estimated that this stretching program was the equivalent of buying 90 new aircraft, in terms of increased capacity.
Man-made disasters also required help from the 63d. On 2l November 1978, two C-141s and their 14 MAS aircrews retrieved over 900 corpses from the Jonestown mass murder-suicide in Jonestown, Guyana. And, as a result of the Three Mile Island Nuclear Plant meltdown in April 1979, the 63d flew two missions that provided approximately 100,000 pounds of charcoal filters needed in the cleanup.
Captain Kathy LaSauce-Arlington became the first female pilot in Air Force history to command a C-141 when she received her certification by the 63 MAW's Review and Certification Board on 8 January 1980. The wing logged three more firsts when it received its first C-141B aircraft on 19 July 1980, and on 22 June 1981 when the wing accomplished the first-ever C-141B air-refueling mission on a flight that delivered fresh produce, mail, and other supplies to the South Pole and McMurdo Sound, Antarctica. Almost a year to the day later (21 June 1982), a 63 MAW C-141B received fuel from the new KC-10 aerial tanker, in total darkness and on a similar South Pole mission.
Throughout the 1980s, the 63 MAW continually responded to both military and humanitarian needs. The wing launched 14 C-141s in response to Operation Urgent Fury—the U.S. invasion of Grenada in 1983—where they flew troops and equipment from Pope AFB, North Carolina, to the Caribbean island. Two years later, on 21 September 1985, the wing flew respiration equipment and lights to Mexico City to help in the recovery efforts following a massive earthquake. In November and December 1985, the 15 MAS flew members of Joint Casualty Recovery Center and some heavy earth-moving equipment to Hanoi to assist in the recovery of the remains of seven Americans from the Vietnam War. And on the home front, the 63d flew supplies to the cattle ranchers in the southeastern U.S. during Operation Hayride in July 1986.
Two military operations in the late 1980s reflected the quick responses of the 63 MAW. In 1988 the wing supported Exercise Golden Pheasant—an emergency deployment of U.S. Army troops to Honduras to show American support to the democratic government of that Central American nation. Then, on 20 December 1989, aircrews and aircraft from the 63d participated in the initial airdrop of troops in the assault on Panama's Torrijos International Airport. During the three-week contingency, the 63d's accounted for 72 of the 147 missions flown by aircraft under the Twenty Second Air Force (22 AF) during Operation Just Cause.
Modern era.
During Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm, C-141s from the 63d MAW flew American Army and Air Force units and equipment into Saudi Arabia, transporting more than 41,400 passengers and 139,600 tons (125,690 metric tons) of cargo. Shortly after the end of hostilities in Iraq, the wing was redesignated as the 63d Airlift Wing (AW).
The 63d AW provided assistance throughout the world that included relief help to the Kurds in Northern Iraq, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)--the former Soviet Union, and war-torn Yugoslavia. Additionally, the 63d took part in the efforts to transport food and supplies to hurricane-ravaged southern Florida, Hawaii, and Guam. The May 1992 riots in Los Angeles, California, also required the aid of the 63d Airlift Wing (redesignated as such on 1 January 1992). The wing transported riot personnel and equipment from various locations into Norton AFB. The 63d Transportation Squadron (TRNS) then provided ground transportation into the Los Angeles area for these assets. And even though the wing operated only two C-141 squadrons, it still managed to take an active role in the support of relief efforts to famine-stricken Somalia as part of Operation Restore Hope.
With the end of the Cold War and the general drawdown of American military forces, Norton AFB was selected for closure due to environmental wastes, inadequate facilities, and air traffic congestion (due to air traffic from Ontario International Airport, twenty miles (32 km) west, and Los Angeles International Airport, 60 miles (97 km) west) .
The 63d Airlift Wing was inactivated on 1 April 1994 along with Norton AFB.
Components.
Wings
Groups
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="19307285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307285" title="Manuel Cargaleiro">
Manuel Cargaleiro

Manuel Cargaleiro, (born 1927 in Vila Velha de Ródão), is a Portuguese artist who creates ceramic and painting. He produced earthenware squares, the Portuguese Azulejo, an art that still has its importance in Portugal, and had been brought by the Arabs to the Iberian peninsula. 
He settled in France in 1957, a country which became his home. He was influenced by artists from the École de Paris, such as Delaunay, Ernst, Vasarely and Klee. His compositions are based on geometrical modules and primary colors, suggesting movement in space. 
Manuel Cargaleiro has received awards and decorations in Portugal, France and Italy. In 1995 the artist created frescos for the subway station Champs-Elysées Clémenceau in Paris. He also worked for the Museum Manuel Cargaleiro in Vietri sul Mare. He received recognition and honor both in France and in his native Portugal. 
In 2004, the inauguration of the Foundation-Museum Manuel Cargaleiro, Museum Manuel Cargaleiro took place, to which the artist made donations of works. This place is an important center for the art of ceramics. 
Cargaleiro lives and works in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19307287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307287" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Fourth Series">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Fourth Series

Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Fourth Series is a 1984 hardcover reprint of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 7 (1945) and Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 8 (1946). Four stories from the original books are not included:
"De Profundis" by Murray Leinster,
"Pi in the Sky" by Fredric Brown,
"Absalom" by Henry Kuttner &
"Mewhu's Jet" by Theodore Sturgeon.
It is the fourth in a series of 6 two-volume books which together reprinted the first 12 of 25 books in the "Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories" series of compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="19307305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307305" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Fifth Series">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Fifth Series

Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Fifth Series is a 1985 hardcover reprint of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 9 (1947) and Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 10 (1948). It is the fifth in a series of 6 two-volume books which together reprinted the first 12 of 25 books in the "Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories" series of compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="19307316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307316" title="Trypanites">
Trypanites

Trypanites is a narrow, cylindrical, unbranched boring which is one of the most common trace fossils in hard substrates such as rocks, carbonate hardgrounds and shells (Bromley, 1972). It appears first in the Lower Cambrian (James et al., 1977), was very prominent in the Ordovician Bioerosion Revolution (Wilson and Palmer, 2006), and is still commonly formed today. "Trypanites" is almost always found in calcareous substrates, most likely because the excavating organism used an acid or other chemical agent to dissolve the calcium carbonate (Taylor and Wilson, 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="19307333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307333" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Sixth Series">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Sixth Series

Isaac Asimov Presents The Golden Years of Science Fiction, Sixth Series is a 1988 hardcover reprint of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 11 (1949) and Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 12 (1950). It is the last in a series of 6 two-volume books which together reprinted the first 12 of 25 books in the "Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories" series of compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="19307339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307339" title="Kantishna, Alaska">
Kantishna, Alaska

Kantishna is an unincorporated community in Denali Borough, Alaska, United States, within Denali National Park and Preserve. Founded as a gold mining camp in 1905, it endured longer than similar communities in the area, having been constructed nearest to the source of the gold. It lies in the Kantishna Hills at the junction of Eureka Creek and Moose Creek, 3 mi (5 km) northwest of Wonder Lake, and near the mouth of the Kantishna River. Although the community was once also called "Eureka", the Board on Geographic Names officially ruled in favor of "Kantishna" in 1944, the name given to the post office that was built at the site in 1905. Its elevation is 1,696 feet (517 m).
Transportation and lodging.
Guests may stay at the Kantishna Roadhouse. The trip from the Denali Park Train Depot to Kantishna Roadhouse, via a bus operated by the Roadhouse, takes more than six hours. Private vehicles are not permitted to enter the interior of Denali National Park.
Kantishna Air Taxi service provides chartered flights to Kantishna Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19307356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307356" title="Discoverer 30">
Discoverer 30

Discoverer 30, also known as Corona 9022, was an American optical reconnaissance satellite which was launched in 1961. It was a KH-3 Corona''' satellite, based around an Agena-B rocket.
The launch of Discoverer 30 occurred at 19:59 UTC on 12 September 1961. A Thor DM-21 Agena-B rocket was used, flying from Launch Complex 75-3-5 at the Vandenberg Air Force Base. Upon successfully reaching orbit, it was assigned the Harvard designation 1961 Omega 1.
Discoverer 30 was operated in a low Earth orbit, with a perigee of , an apogee of , 82.6 degrees of inclination, and a period of 91.7 minutes. The satellite had a mass of , and was equipped with a panoramic camera with a focal length of , which had a maximum resolution of . Images were recorded onto film, and returned in a Satellite Recovery Vehicle two days after launch however, like the previous mission, all of the images returned were found to be out of focus. The Satellite Recovery Vehicle used by Discoverer 30 was SRV-551. Once its images had been returned, Discoverer 30's mission was complete, and it remained in orbit until its decay on 11 December 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19307358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307358" title="Justin Winsor Prize">
Justin Winsor Prize

Justin Winsor Prize may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19307368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307368" title="Kevin Borick">
Kevin Borick

Kevin Borick, QC is a highly regarded criminal-law barrister in South Australia, and the president of the Australian Criminal Lawyers Association.
His notable cases include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19307403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307403" title="China Seismic Intensity Scale">
China Seismic Intensity Scale

The China Seismic Intensity Scale (CSIS) is a national standard in the People's Republic of China used to measure seismic intensity. Similar to EMS-92 on which CSIS drew reference, seismic impacts are classified into 12 degrees of intensity, or liedu (, literally "degrees of violence") in Roman numerals from I for insensible to XII for landscape reshaping.
The scale was initially formalized by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA) in 1980, therefore often referred to by its original title as "China Seismic Intensity Scale (1980)". It was later revised, and adopted as a national standard, or Guobiao, series GB/T 17742-1999 by then National Quality and Technology Supervision Administration (now General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection, and Quarantine of P.R.C., AQSIQ) in 1999.
The standard was set for revision not long before the 2008 Sichuan earthquake.
Liedu Scale.
Unlike the magnitude scales that objectively estimate the released seismic energy, liedu denotes how strongly an earthquake affects a specific place. It is determined by a combination of subjective evaluations (such as human senses and building damages) and objective kinetic measures. Building damages are further refined with a combination of descriptive qualifiers and a numeric evaluation process.
The following is an unofficial translation of the Appendix I of GB/T 17742-1999.
Notes about Qualifiers: "very few" - <10%; "few" - 10% - 50%; "most" - 50% - 70%; "majority" - 70% - 90%; "commonly" - >90%.
Applications.
Historic local seismic liedu is an important reference in quake proofing existing and future buildings. The national standard "Code for Seismic Design of Buildings" (GB 500011-2001) published in 2001 and partially revised shortly after the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake includes a list of liedu that each building in designated cities is expected to resist.

</doc>
<doc id="19307429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307429" title="European Bowling Tour Masters">
European Bowling Tour Masters

The European Bowling Tour (EBT) is a single tournament, with the top 16 men and top 16 women in the final standings of the European Bowling Tour being invited.
Information.
Format.
The current format of the tournament is 3 qualification squads of 6 games each (one squad at short oil, one squad at long oil and one squad at mixed oil). The top 8 bowlers in each division will then bowl an 8-game Round Robin (on mixed oil), and the winner of this round will be crowned the 2009 EBT Masters champion.
Prize Money.
A prize pool of €36,000 will be provided (€18,000 for each gender) with last place in each division winning €300. Additional prize money will be given to daily squad winners and the winner of qualification.
History.
2008.
The Inaugural EBT Masters was held in the Rollhouse bowling centre in Ankara, Turkey. The winners of the Event were Osku Palermaa of Finland and Kamilla Kjeldsen of Denmark.
The format for the tournament was 3 qualifying blocks of 8 games (totalling 24 games). The 1st block was bowled on Short Oil, the 2nd on long oil and the 3rd of mixed oil (long oil on the left lane and short on the right lane of every pair of lanes). The top 8 in each division after these 24 game then played a "best of 3" single elimination matchplay with the highest seed playing the lowest seed every round until the winner is decided.

</doc>
<doc id="19307491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307491" title="Ministry of Defence of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Ministry of Defence of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Ministry of Defence of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian, Serbian: "Ministarstvo odbrane Bosne i Hercegovine" Cyrillic script: Министарство одбране Босне и Херцеговине, Croatian: "Ministarstvo obrane Bosne i Hercegovine") is the governmental department in charge of the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina and protection of Bosnia and Herzegovina from invasion and threats.

</doc>
<doc id="19307531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307531" title="Lalith Kotelawala">
Lalith Kotelawala

Deshmanya Jeewaka Lalith Bhupendra Kotelawala is a Sri Lankan businessman, who was the chairman of Ceylinco Consolidated. He was listed in 2007 Sri Lanka Richest List. He was remanded for the misappropriation of 26 billion rupees of investments from the failed Golden Key Credit Company.
Early life and education.
Born to Senator Justin Kotalawela a Ceylonese politician and businessman, he was educated at prestigious Royal College, Colombo and studied chartered accountancy in the UK. He is the nephew of Sir John Kotelawala, the third Prime Minister of Ceylon.
Businessman.
Taking over Ceylinco Consolidated from his father in the 1960s, Kotelawala expanded the group into new fields including banking, non-banking finance, investment banking, housing and property development, travel and leisure, communication & information technology, education and healthcare and, more recently, microfinance. He also founded a peace initiative in Sri Lanka, three years after being wounded in an LTTE attack in 1996. 
Golden Key Scandal.
Following the collapse of the Golden Key Creditcard Company, which was affiliated with Ceylinco Consolidated, Kotalawala who was the Chairman of the company was accused of misappropriation and Financial mismanagement. He was remanded on February 26, 2009 by the Mount Lavinia Magistrate and an ultimatum was issued to settle the Rs. 26 billion deposits of Golden Key Creditcard Company customers in 10 days. Weeks earlier the CEO Khavan Perera, the CFO, and several other directors were remanded by the same Magistrate. In March the Magistrate refused to consider the application for bail on the grounds that the matter was under consideration in an ongoing high court case. Korelawala was moved to the prison hospital.
In a hearing for bail at the Mount Lavinia Chief Magistrate's court on March 27, 2009 Kotelawala was accused by Deputy Solicitor General Sarath Jayamanna of running a Ponzi scheme. Lawyers representing the investors said that he was not, but, rather had misappropriated depositors’ monies, violating sections of the Companies Act, Act No. 7 of 2007. He stated a willingness to sell off assets worth Rs. 14.5 billion and settle the deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="19307551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307551" title="Spin FM">
Spin FM

Spin FM (94.9 FM) is a radio station in the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is owned by Paramount Media Services. It airs a dance music format. The station often features disc jockeys that also entertain in Cayman Islands nightclubs.
The station's license was issued on 15 December 2004.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19307554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307554" title="Dictes and Sayings of the Philosophers">
Dictes and Sayings of the Philosophers

Dictes and Sayings of the Philosophers ("The Sayings of the Philosophers") is an incunabulum, or early printed book, that was printed by William Caxton and finished on November 18, 1477. 
Description.
The book is a long prose text of quotations making a compendium of philosopher’s words of wisdom, or "Dits Moraulx des Philosophes"', according to the French manuscript from which it was translated, collected from biblical, classical, and legendary philosophers. Most passages are preceded by a biographical story of the philosopher that ranges from a few words to several pages. 
History.
Caxton in 1476 travelled to Westminster from Bruges, where he had been running a successful printing business. He wanted to practice his new printing skills in his native country. He had perhaps learned printing technology in Cologne. The first book Caxton printed with a date was "Dictes and Sayings of the Philosophers", although it is not usually regarded as the first book he had printed in England.
The translation of "Dictes and Sayings of the Philosophers" from French to English was by Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers, who did the translation on a voyage to the shrine of Santiago de Compostella. In 1473 the knight Lewis de Bretaylle had lent him a French manuscript, "Les ditz moraulx des philosophes" by Jehan or Guillaume de Thionville, whose turn-of-the-fifteenth-century French translation of a Latin work has a lineage that derives from an Arabic text. The Arabic, "Mukhtar al-hikam wa mahasin al-kalim" ("Choice Maxims and Finest Sayings") was written toward the middle of the eleventh century by al-Mubashshir ibn Fatiq, an Egyptian emir.
When Woodville finished with his translation from French to English he handed the manuscript to Caxton for proofreading. Caxton revised the translation and added an epilogue. He pointed out that Woodville had omitted the remarks of Socrates concerning women. A chapter was then edited back in called "Touching Women".
Notability.
This is the first dated book printed in England. It contains not only the date, but for the first time in England a printer's colophon showing the name of the printer, and the place of publication.

</doc>
<doc id="19307555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307555" title="La Fortuna, Costa Rica">
La Fortuna, Costa Rica

La Fortuna is a rural city located in San Carlos, in the province of Alajuela, Costa Rica.
La Fortuna received its name after the eruption of the Arenal Volcano in 1968. La Fortuna was originally called "El Borio" before the day of the eruption. In 1968, the Arenal Volcano erupted to the east, killing all in its path, including two villages. El Borio (La Fortuna) was located on the west side of the volcano and was untouched. After the eruption of the volcano, El Borio was renamed "La Fortuna", which means "the fortunate", referring to the towns luckiness during the eruption.
La Fortuna has the airport which is nearest to the Arenal Volcano, though many visitors also arrive via automobile, to the resorts and hotels in La Fortuna, Castillo, Palma, Monteverde, or Tilaran. Arenal is often cited by scientists as being in the top ten or top 20 of the world's most active volcanoes. La Fortuna is less than 10 km from the peak of Arenal and less than 20 km from the entrance to Arenal Volcano National Park (the entrance is west of the peak, whereas La Fortuna is east of the peak).
Other than the volcano, La Fortuna has tourist attractions such as the La Catarata de la Fortuna, a waterfall that falls from a height of 70 meters, several resorts with natural hot springs temperate enough to bathe in, other day spa services, and day-trips which involve horseback riding, whitewater rafting, hanging bridges, a "sky tram," zip-lines, mountain bike, kayak, stand-up paddleboard, and ATV or dirt bike rentals, "butterfly farm" and Venado Cavern tours, bungee jumping, Laguna Cedeno, El Salto Swimming Hole, and canyoneering.
La Fortuna has a medic station but serious injuries require a medivac (or long travel on roadways), a police station (and another is on the way to El Tapon), gas station, 3 banks, 3 groceries, restaurants (in addition to those in the resorts), post office, and hardware store.

</doc>
<doc id="19307563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307563" title="Israel at the Paralympics">
Israel at the Paralympics

Israel at the Paralymics refers to the participation of Israeli athletes in the Paralympic Games. 
History.
Israel first competed in 1960, at the Summer Games in Rome, Italy. In total, Israel has won 123 gold medals at the Summer Paralympic Games. At the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Israelis won a total of thirteen medals, of which four were gold. Izhak Mamistvalov won three medals (of which two gold) in swimming, while Keren Leibowitz won four medals, of which one gold, also in swimming. The most successful Israeli Paralympian was Zipora Rubin-Rosenbaum, who, between 1964 and 1988, won 21 medals at the Paralympic Games, of which 11 gold. Second successful Israeli Paralympian was Uri Bergman, who, between 1976 and 1988, won 12 medals at the Paralympic Games, of which 11 gold. 
Israel was the host of the 1968 Summer Paralympics, and finished third on the medal chart with 62 medals, of which 18 gold. In the 2012 pre-Paralympics competition in Italy, organizers played the wrong tune when Israeli rower Moran Samuel won the gold medal. She stopped the song and sang Israel's national anthem herself.

</doc>
<doc id="19307565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307565" title="Bardsdale United Methodist Church">
Bardsdale United Methodist Church

Bardsdale United Methodist Church is an historic church located at 1498 Bardsdale Avenue in the unincorporated community of Bardsdale, California, in Ventura County. It is south of the Santa Clara River approximately from Fillmore.
Built in 1898, as Bardsdale Methodist Episcopal Church, this carpenter Gothic structure with a bell tower and high-peaked arches has long been a center of community life in Bardsdale. The town's namesake, Thomas R. Bard, donated the land for construction of the church and parsonage. He also donated funds to help purchase two large stained glass windows installed in the north and west walls.
When the church opened, in April 1898, the "Los Angeles Times" reported on its dedication:"The Bardsdale Methodist Episcopal Church was dedicated last Sunday by Dr. G.W. White of Los Angeles. The building cost $2550, will seat 350 persons, and has a fine basement fitted for social gatherings. There was $550 remaining due on the building, which was subscribed Sunday morning."
On April 23, 1968, the Methodist Church was merged with the Evangelical United Brethren Church to form the United Methodist Church. The name was then changed to Bardsdale United Methodist Church.
A portion of the ceiling fell on a parishioner during a service in 1982, leading to an extensive renovation. The renovation and restoration work included materials purchased from a church in Los Angeles that had closed in 1982. The materials salvaged from that church included stained-glass windows, an oak chancel, chandeliers, pews, marble facing around the interior doors, a hand-carved pulpit, lectern and communion rail.
The church also features a Schoenstein pipe organ that was purchased in 1986, with $60,000 donated by parishioners. In a tradition dating back to the mid-1960s, the Bardsdale Chancel Choir performs a free holiday vesper program during the Christmas season. 
The Ventura County Cultural Heritage Board designated the clapboard church County Landmark #50 in 1979, calling it "the only example of carpenter Gothic in the Fillmore-Bardsdale area." The Gothic church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19307575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307575" title="Narayanpur, Assam">
Narayanpur, Assam

Narayanpur is a town located in Lakhimpur district of the north eastern Indian state Assam. It falls under Bihpuria constituency of Assam Legislative Assembly and under Narayanpur Police Station. Narayanpur is also the name of the development block.
Geographic Location.
Narayanpur is a small town, situated at the coordinates 26°59'47"N and 93°53'49"E. It is about 54 km to the west of the district headquarter North Lakhimpur. Nearby towns are- Bihpuria to the east, Bandardewa to the north and Gohpur to the west.
Connectivity.
Narayanpur is connected by National Highway NH-52 to the district headquarters North Lakhimpur (about 54 km) and state capital Guwahati (about 337 km).
Its is also connected by North East Frontier Railway to North Lakhimpur and Guwahati. Nearest Railway station is at Tatibahar (about 3 km).
Nearest airport is Lilabari (about 58 km).
History.
Narayanpur, originally known as Bor-Narayanpur (great Narayanpur) is a historical place since Ahom Kingdom. Narayanpur was earlier known as Bor-Nararayanpur. It was extended up to the Kolabari region of Sonitpur district. Various history writers had different views regarding the origin of the place as well as the origin of its name. Archeologist Raja Ram Mohan Roy in this book “The background of Assamese Culture”, has described Narayanpur as a temporary capital of the Kalita King Satyanarayan. According to J. P. Wade, “Narayanpur is thirty miles in length and fifteen miles in breadth. This district is situated on the bank of Pichala river and Colabari of Zokai chook.” (An Account of Assam, Page no 35) Some others have the view that Koch King Naranarayan used this place as a garrison, that’s why the name became Narayanpur. The Tai Khamtis, a tribe belonging to the great Tai race, migrated to Assam in the middle part of 18th century. They have their own script and a well developed language including innumerable literary works.
History says that Narayanpur was a part of Bor-Asom. But this place had been continuously in influence of Aryan Culture. In the prehistoric era, Narayanpur was believed to be ruled by Ban Roja.
Many ancient idols of Hindu Gods and Goddesses were found in the different parts of Narayanpur. It proves the existence of highly civilized society in ancient times in this region.
Participation in Indian Independence Movement.
Narayanpur had a strong participation in Indian independence movement against British under leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
a few famous freedom fighters from this are- Late Haripada Dutta, (Dhalpur), Late Thaneswar Gogoi (No. 1. Harmoti village),Late Paniram Baruah (No. 1 Harmoti Phakuwa) Late Lilaram Bhuyan (Pichalaguri), Late Uma Rajkhowa (Raidangia), late Kosheswar Hazarika (Panbari), Late Dilli Bhuyan (Panbari), Shri Madan Chandra Bhuyan (Charaidoloni).
Places of interest.
It is the birthplace of several Baishnava gurus like Madhabdev, Haridev, Anirudhadev, Badala Padma Atta etc., Belaguri Sattra, Badala Sattra, Phulani Thaan, Bishnubalikuchi, Dahgharia Sattra, Budha Bapuchang, Maghnowa Dol, Gohaikamal Ali, Radhapukhuri, Burhaburhi Pukhuri, Rangati Pukhuri, Pichala Nadi are some of the important historical places situated at Narayanpur.
Letekupukhuri/Ujiror Tol Rongajan - the birthplace of famous Vaishnav saint Mahapurush Madhabdev is about 15 km from Narayanpur.
Maghnowa Doul- a temple dating back to AHOM kingdom era is about 7 km from Narayanpur in Maghnowa village.
Petuwa Gosani Than, is a historical Than or place of worship during AHOM kingdom is at Dholpur, nearly 7 km from Narayanpur.
Phulani Than, a popular Namghar (Vaishnav temple of Krishna worship) is in the Narayanpur center. Popular believe is that people get their wishes fulfilled when pray in this temple.
List of Satras established by Mahapurush Srimanta Sankar Dev is about 0.5 km and 1.5 km respectively from Narayanpur.
There are two big ancient ponds Radhapukhuri and Rangati pukhuri from ahom kingdom are located near Narayanpur.
Madhabdev Thaan (Leteku Pukhuri/Ujiror Tol Rongajan)
Madhabdev Thaan is located at the near Borbali. It is the birthplace of Madhabdev (1489 AD). There are two big thaans adjacent to each other one Letekupukhuri other at Rongajan. Followers of both these thaans demand it to be the birthplace of Madhabdev.
The thaans have a huge collection of holy books, ancient manuscripts and cultural heritages.
Maghnoa Doul
Maghnoa Doul is located at the Phulbari village and also known as Phulbari Doul. This is situated at the East side of the Pichola River and at the bank of Maghnoa Beel. Once upon a time it was a major place of worshiping Kali (Goddess of Power) and a pilgrimage place. Several Ahom Kings are also known to have visited the place. During the Maan invasion the idol was kept hidden but was never returned to the Doul. It was established at the oresent location at Bor Kalika Thaan near Dholpur.
The Doul has a boundary wall of about 5 feet height. The main Doul is about 75 feet in height. Inside the Doul is the Bulani Ghar where the idol was used to be kept. The inside wall contains various sculptures. But due to the negligence of the Government as well as the local people, most of the idols and valuable items had been stolen already. Recently the Archeological Department has done a repairing work to the Doul.
Khamti Village and Bapuchang
In 1843, the British controlled the Khamti Revolution in Sadia and settled few Khamti people at Narayanpur. They established this Buddha temple at Barkhamti. The Khamti village will be extensively discussed in the next section of this project. Its worthwhile to mention that this village contains some the Khamtis which are only left to a few thousand in number. The people are Buddhist by religion and have a rich cultural heritage.
The religious temple of the Khamtis is called the Bapuchang. It is same as the Buddhist temple or Buddha Bihar found among the Buddhist communities around the world. It is somewhat different from the normal Khamti houses. The raised platform is made of wood and the roof is made of thresh. The outer architecture resembles to the Buddhist temples of Myanmar. Buddha idols are kept inside the Bapuchang and it is regarded as a very holy place.
Deotola
The ancient idol of the Maghnoa Doul was hidden in a pond suring the Maan invasion. The idol was later recovered from Gavoru Beel of Kherajkhat. As the idol was later established at the Bor-Kalaika Thaan, this place become known as Deotola (Deo- God, Tola- to lift). This place is at 8 KM distance from Narayanpur.
'"Petua-Gosani Thaan
It has taken a long time for the British to take the control of the Lakhimpur region after they invaded Assam. This than was an old place of worshiping Kaali Goddess and was discovered by the British. It is located near Dholpur at Ganakdalani. The goddess of this is called Kesaikhaiti. In earlier times the Daphala people from Arunachal Pradesh used to come here for pilgrimage. Still, Durga puja is celebrated at this than regularly.
Belaguri Satra
This Satra was established in 1618 originally in Majuli Island- where the two great guru and disciples Sri Sri Sankardev and Sri Sri Madhabdev met each other for the first time. This Satra was transferred to Narayanpur and settled at Jorabari revenue village in 1947 AD. This Satra is very well known among the people of Assam. The “Chaali” dance of form is a famous traditional dance of Assam.
Bodula Satra and Phulani Than"'
This Satra was established in Narayanpur by Badala Padma Ataa in 1636 AD who was a great follower of Mahapurush Madhabdev. It is said that Padma Ataa got the responsibility of the upper Assam under Madhabdev and established the Satra at the land of Jamadagni. Once upon a time this Satra was the center for the Baishnavism. Badala Padma Ataa was next to Sankardev and Madhabdev who took the great responsibility after the demise of these two holy figures. The Satra has a rich collection of ancient manuscripts.
The Phulani thaan was also established by Badala Atta in 1555 saka. This is an important religious place and a large no of followers visit this thaan annually.
Bishnu Balikunchi Satra
It is situated at the Dakua village, 8 KM away from Nagpur. The disciple of Kal Sanghati guru Bhabanipuria Atta, Sri Sri Anirudhadev was born at Dakua village near Narayanpur in 1553 AD. He established this Satra with the help of Bhabapuria Ataa in 1602 AD. Aniruddhadev died in this Satra. He was the holy person who turned the Moran and Motok people into Baishanivism.
Radha Pukhuri
Radhapukhuri Tank is situated at the Sawkuchi village near Narayanpur. It was constructed by the King Lakhminarayan in between 1400 and 1500 AD in the name of his wife ‘Radha’. Some scholars also argue that it was constructed by Queen Sarbeswari. But the construction work ended in halfway and hence it was named as Adhapukhuri (Adha means half) which eventually changed to Radhapukhuri.
Presently this tank is used for fish breeding and cultivation by the Fisheries Department, Government of Assam.
Bhatoukuchi Thaan
Bhatoukuci Thaan is located at Kathani village near Dholpur. This was established by Keshabsaran Bhatoukuchia Ataa. According to Kathagurucharit he was born in 1605 and died in 1665. This thaan is still functioning in full fledge.
Akadohia Pukhuri
This big pond is situated at the Kachua village near Dholpur. A holy Brahmin guru called Akadoshi used to live near the pond and henece this name became famous. Bhatoukuci Thaan is located at Kathani village near Dholpur. This was established by Keshabsaran Bhatoukuchia Ataa. According to Kathagurucharit he was born in 1605 and died in 1665. This thaan is still functioning in full fledge.
Gohai-Kamal Ali
The Koch Kingdom was established at the early part of 16th century. This kingdom was extended from Kortuaa River to Bornodi. Kochbihar (now in West Bengal) was made the capital of the kingdom and this road was made to fight with the Ahoms.
Ahotguri Satra
This satra is situated at Borbali Samua Gaon. It was established by Sri Ram Ata in 1683. Most of the disciples are Brahmin. The ancient manuscript of this Satra got spoiled during the flood in 1987. At present it has a collection of manuscripts by Sankardev Thakur Ataa and Sri Ram Ataa.
Other attractions
Narayanpur is the birthplace of twelve holy gurus of Assam and hence regarded as a very holy place. It was the center of during the era of [Madhabdev. Apart from the religious and geographical attractions mentioned so far, it has an entire gamut of other attractions which have the full potential to become a tourist destination. Some of such attractions are Govind Mandir of Nepali people, Sakrahi Thaan, Dahgharia Satra, Sialmara Satra, Dharamgarh Ashram, Homora Thaan, Deberapar Satra etc.
The government of Assam has announced in 2006 the construction of Sri Sri Madhabdev Kalakshetra at Badala Sattra at Narayanpur and the foundation stone has been laid down near Narayanpur. The Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi, laid the foundation Stone of the Kalakshetra. This would become an important institution for the Assamese culture and tradition. This will be of same style like the Sankardev Kalakshetra at Guwahati.
Economy.
Greater Narayanpur area has very fertile land suitable for agricultural production- mainly Rice, Maah (Lentil), Potato, Onion, Garlic, Ginger, Tomatoes, Cauliflower, Cabbage, Brinjal and other vegetables.
Different fruits like Banana, Berries, Mangoes, Coconuts, Tamol (Areca nuts) etc. are produced in abundance in the region.
Fisheries play a significant role towards the socio-economic up-liftmen of the common people of Narayanpur development block.
Till recent times, Muga (Assam silk) production was quite common rural cottage industry. Narayanpur has a Muga silkworm seed production unit under Central Silk Board, with its Head Quarters at Guwahati. However, the present condition of this seed farm does not seem to be very good.
Education.
Narayanpur has many reputed schools and educational institutes that have produced many successful personalities in various fields like education, media, medicine, engineering, administrative services, defence services etc.
Madhabdev College and Narayanpur Higher Secondary school are situated near Narayanpur which caters for the higher education needs of the local population.
Many professionals from Narayanpur are working in different fields all over India and many other countries. Writers and poets from Narayanpur have significant contribution to the Assamese literature.
Some notable educational institutions are Dhalpur Higher Secondary school, Harmoti Pichala High School, Tatibahar High School, Sankardev Shishu Bidya Niketan, Namani Subansiri High School, Pichala National Academy, Jigyasha Jatiya Vidyalaya etc. There are a couple of IT institutes like CEC, EKRIT, APTECH in Narayanpur. There is a pre school and High School from EKRIT Groups called Ekrit Academy. There is also an Assamese medium private school called Gyanjyoti Academy, was established in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19307577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307577" title="Betula cordifolia">
Betula cordifolia

Betula cordifolia (Mountain Paper Birch, also known as Mountain White Birch or Eastern Paper Birch) is a birch species native to Eastern Canada and the North Eastern United States. Until recently it was considered a variety of "Betula papyrifera" (Paper Birch), with which it shares many characteristics, and it was classified as "B. papyrifera" var." cordifolia" (Regel) Fern.
Description.
"Betula cordifolia" is a deciduous tree that reaches heights of about 25 m and trunk diameters of about 70 cm. Mature bark is white or bronze-white, peeling in thin layers. The inner surface of the bark is copper coloured and the young bark is shiny brown with pale brown lenticels. The leaves are alternate, ovate, 6–12 cm long, and double-toothed. As the species epithet suggests, the leaf base is generally cordate (heart-shaped), however this can be misleading as it is occasionally flat or rounded. The leaves are dotted with many resin glands and the buds are ovoid and blunt. The twigs are yellow-brown to dark-brown and are dotted with resin glands and gray lenticels. They lack the hairs found on "Betula papyrifera". The flowers are catkins, with pollen catkins 2–4 cm long and seed catkins 1–2 cm long. The seed catkins mature to about 3–5 cm long and bear winged nutlets about 2–3 mm long.
Distribution.
"Betula cordifolia" is found in Atlantic Canada, Quebec, northwestern Ontario, Northern New York State, and New England. Generally found in northern habitats or high elevations, particularly on moist ground.
Distinctions from "Betula papyrifera".
"Betula cordifolia" and "Betula papyrifera" are very similar species, indeed they were once considered the same species. The primary methods of distinguishing the one from the other include: 
Since many of these characteristics vary from tree to tree, ideally several of these characteristics should be noted before making a positive identification. It has been suggested that "Betula cordifolia" and "Betula papyrifera" hybridise, however this is unlikely given the more recent evidence of difference chromosome numbers. The most conclusive method of identification is from chromosome analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19307601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19307601" title="Ayer Keroh Recreational Forest">
Ayer Keroh Recreational Forest

The Ayer Keroh Recreational Forest () is a Recreational forest located in the town of Ayer Keroh in Malacca, Malaysia. It began its business in April, 1984. Recreational facilities here include the Prehistoric Garden, the Storyland, children's playgrounds, the Orang Asli (Aborigines) Park, Deer Park, suspension bridge, watch towers and beautiful picnic spots. It is 359 hectares and as much as 10 hectares is used for a camping spot. 

</doc>
