<doc id="19158164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158164" title="Nigel McCrery">
Nigel McCrery

Nigel Colin McCrery (born 30 October 1953, London) is an English screenwriter and ex-police officer.
Early life.
Because of his father's RAF service, Nigel spent much of his early childhood travelling around before finally settling in Toton, Nottinghamshire. He attended Bispham Drive Junior School, followed by George Spencer Secondary School in Stapleford. Later he attended Beeston College of Further Education in Beeston, Nottinghamshire. He married in 1978, at the age of 25, and moved to West Bridgford. Together he and his wife Gill had three children, Luke, Emily, and Rebecca. Nigel and Gill are now divorced but remain close and good friends. 
He joined the Nottinghamshire Constabulary in 1978, aged 25. During his service he worked on a number of murder cases and became interested in Forensic Science. McCrery retired from the police in August 1987 after injuring his back, before attending Trinity College, Cambridge from October of the same year to read Modern History. In 1988 he persuaded Sebastian Coe and Steve Cram to race around the Great Court at Trinity College, a race made famous in the film "Chariots of Fire"; Coe won by a whisker. The event raised of £50,000 for Great Ormond Street Hospital. He also organised the first ever debate between Cambridge University and Harvard University, once again raising a considerable amount of money for children's charities.
Career.
He was selected for the BBC's Graduate Entry Scheme in 1990. After working on a variety of BBC documentaries including "All The King's Men", he joined the BBC drama department in 1992 becoming the researcher on the award winning "Our Friends in the North." He then went on to create the series "Backup" (1994), "Silent Witness" (1996), "All The King's Men" (1999), "Born and Bred" (2002), "Impact" (2003) and "New Tricks" (2003). He has also written several crime novels, "Silent Witness" (five books) "Still Waters" (four books with two more to follow). Also written "Under the Guns of the Red Baron", "History of the VC", "History of the SAS", "All the King's Men (The Vanished Battalion)". More recently McCrery has finished writing two new 'Silent Witness' short stories for Boxfiction both of which will be published in the middle of November 2011. His new book "Silent Witness" A History of Forensic Science (Random House August 2013) was published to rave reviews and sold to a number of countries. In January 2014 his latest book 'Into Touch' (Pen and Sword) was published and outlines the lives of the 135 Rugby Union Internationals killed in the First World War. He is also working on his first stage play 'Going Home.' On Thursday 14th February 2013, his old School The George Spencer Academy, in Stableford, Nottingham invited McCrery back to open their new Learning and Inclusion centre and named the building after him, 'The Nigel McCrery Learning and Inclusion Centre." McCrery currently lives in Nottingham. 
In 1992 while working as an Assistant Producer on the BBC1 show "Tomorrow's World" McCrery arranged and paid for the remains of the Russian Royal Family to be brought to the UK for DNA examination. The work was carried out by Peter Gill who with the assistance of the Russian Forensic Scientist Paval Ivanoff established that the remains were indeed those of the Tzar Nicholas II and the rest of his family. The remains were brought over in an old BA travel bag before being placed in the back of his Volvo and taken to Peter Gill's house. "Not many people" McCrery later joked "can say they had the Russian Royal family in the boot of their car." 
He worked for HRH The Prince Edward (a friend from his Cambridge Days) from 2001 to 2002 as Head of Drama at Ardent Productions during which time he attended Prince Edward's wedding. He is a member of The Groucho Club and Blacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19158167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158167" title="Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer (1902–1985)">
Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer (1902–1985)

Rodolphe Hottinguer (1902–1985) was the fifth baron Hottinguer.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Born on October 16, 1902, he was the elder son of Baron Henri Hottinguer (1868-1943) and Marian Munroe. He earned a Diploma from École supérieure des sciences économiques et commerciales in Paris, then entered the Artillery School of Fontainebleau in 1922. He left in 1923 as a lieutenant. 
In 1925, he embarked on a voyage, crossing the Atlantic; he visited Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Ayres, Valparaiso, Santiago, La Paz, then Havana and New York.
Career.
Rodolphe becomes partners with Hottinger & Cie on April 1, 1926, and three years later he became administrator of the Company for general insurances. Later he became President and occupied that position until the company's nationalization in 1947. It has long been a tradition of the Hottinguer family to play an active role in consideration of the major questions of national and international economics and finance, Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer continued his tradition, occupying, in addition to his role in the bank, important posts including Vice-Chairman of the Paris Chamber of Commerce, Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce, Chairman of the European Banking Federation and, between 1943 and 1979, Chairman of the French Banking Association.
Hottinger & Cie took part in the creation of the Insurance company Drouot, one of the origin of the group AXA. It is in this time that he was made Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce 1971-1973.
Marriage and children.
Rodolphe and his wife Odette Basset had four children. Henri (1934), Caroline (1936-2008), Paul (1942), Veronique (1943).
His son Henri, born on November 16, 1934, is the 6th Baron Hottinguer. He married Josiane Van Laer, and has two sons Rodolphe (1956)and Frédéric.
Caroline, first married the Count Christian de Pourtales with whom she had 3 children: Laure, Max & Paul. She divorced and got married with le Marquis du Vivier.
Paul, first married with Christine Robinet de Plas with whom he had 2 children: Laetitia (1966) and Philippe (1969). From a third marriage, he also has one daughter: Mélanie.
Véronique is married with Richard Bowdler-Raynar. They have two children: William (1965) and Jonathan (1970).
See also House of Hottinguer and Hottinger chronology.

</doc>
<doc id="19158175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158175" title="Tibor Nyári">
Tibor Nyári

Tibor Nyári (born 11 June 1986 in Győr) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for BFC Siófok.

</doc>
<doc id="19158185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158185" title="Patrick de Saint-Exupéry">
Patrick de Saint-Exupéry

Patrick de Saint-Exupéry (born 1962) is the son of Count Jacques de Saint-Exupéry and the Countess de Saint-Exupéry, born as Martine d'Anglejan. Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, the aviator and writer, was the cousin of his grandfather. Patrick started his career in journalism at age 19 after winning a young reporters award.
He has worked for several newspapers :
During the course of his career he has covered events in Africa, Cambodia, Canada, Liberia, South Africa, the Gulf War, Iran, Libya, Saudi Arabia and Rwanda, and finally Moscow, where he was a permanent correspondent from 2000 to 2004. In 2005 he resumed working in Africa again as a journalist for "Le Figaro".
He won the Albert Londres Award in 1991 for his series of reports on the Liberian civil war and the end of apartheid. Patrick de Saint-Exupéry is also a member of the Albert Londres Award's jury.
In 2004 Saint-Exupéry's wrote a book entirely devoted to France in Rwanda, entitled "L'Inavouable" ("Unspeakable"), in which he led Dominique de Villepin to the scene of his reports during Operation Turquoise. Two days after the publication of his book, he spoke at a conference at the French National Assembly on the involvement of France in Rwanda. This book was revised in a new edition in April 2009 on the occasion of the fifteenth anniversary of the beginning of the Rwandan Genocide. Titled "Complices de l'inavouable: la France au Rwanda" ("Accomplices of the unspeakable: France in Rawanda"), it is published by Arenas.
In January 2008, Saint-Exupéry took a leave from Figaro to launch, with Laurent Beccaria, the newsmagazine "XXI" where he is editor-in-chief.

</doc>
<doc id="19158186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158186" title="Nestea European Championship Tour 2008">
Nestea European Championship Tour 2008

The 2008 NESTEA European Championship Tour (or the 2008 European Beach Volleyball Tour) is a European beach volleyball tour.
The tour consists of seven tournaments with both genders, including the 2008 Championship Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19158194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158194" title="John J. Keane">
John J. Keane

John J. Keane was an Irish politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway West constituency at the Galway West by-election held on 30 May 1940. The by-election was caused by the death of the Fianna Fáil TD Seán Tubridy. Keane lost his seat at the 1943 general election. He stood unsuccessfully at several subsequent general elections but was not re-elected to the Dáil again.

</doc>
<doc id="19158220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158220" title="List of mayors of Genoa">
List of mayors of Genoa

The Mayor of Genoa is an elected politician who, along with the Genoa’s City Council of 42 members, is accountable for the strategic government of Genoa. 
Since 21 May 2012, Marco Doria holds the position. Previously, the position was held by Marta Vincenzi from May 2007 until his succession by Doria. 
Podestà.
"Podestà" of Genoa were appointed from 1815 to 1863 by the monarchs of the Kingdom of Sardinia:
Mayors.
In 1863 the Kingdom of Italy created the office of the Mayor of Genoa ("Sindaco di Genova"), chosen by the City council.
Fascist Podestà.
The Fascist dictatorship abolished mayors and City councils in 1926, replacing them with an authoritarian "Podestà" chosen by the National Fascist Party:
Democratic Mayors.
From 1945 to 1993, the Mayor of Genoa was chosen by the City council:
Elected Mayors.
Since 1993, under provisions of new local administration law, the Mayor of Genoa is chosen by popular election, originally every four, and since 1997 every five years:

</doc>
<doc id="19158225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158225" title="ShowSports">
ShowSports

ShowSports is part of the Orbit Showtime Network. ShowSport 1 HD, 2, 3, 4 and Extreme Sports Channel are available on many Orbit Showtime Network packages. They began showing from the first of April 2007.
ShowSports 1 HD.
Offers HD coverage of selected sporting events. Broadcast also live matches from the Portuguese Liga and the Scottish Premier League in HD.
ShowSports 2.
Rugby World Cup, National Rugby League (Australia and New Zealand), European Super League, Australian Football League and International Cricket are shown on this English channel.
ShowSports 3.
It shows live cricket matches, notably the The Ashes series, Rugby and golf action through shows and highlights . Sometimes showsports 3 replay smackdown.
ShowSports 4.
Home for the WWE as it shows WWE Friday Night SmackDown, WWE NXT, WWE Bottom Line and WWE Vintage Collection. Shows as well entertaining sports like UFC, Slamball, Monster Jam and Airsport World. Shows as well Monster Garage.
Extreme Sports Channel.
Shows FIA European Drag Racing Championships, I-ex and etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19158228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158228" title="Hydestile">
Hydestile

Hydestile is a medium-sized hamlet between the villages of Busbridge and Hambledon, straddling their civil parish borders, centred south of Godalming in Waverley, south west Surrey. Hydestile in its west has West Surrey Golf Club and in the east has three sets of woods and a Leonard Cheshire home. The other main landmark is Hydon's Ball, a large woodland and promontory of the Greensand Ridge, about which a very old poem has been written; the site is free to visitors.
History.
From 1921, Hydestile was the site for two hospitals: King George V Hospital (formerly a TB Sanatorium) and from 1941 St. Thomas' Hospital (formed from the WWII evacuation of Lambeth teaching hospital). The hospitals were demolished and redeveloped in the late 1990s following years of disuse and dereliction. Notable residents include Snoo Powell and Bella and Bertie Probyn who are all tremendous 'Gs'.
Geography.
Were it not for its long-held community ties with neighbouring proper villages Hydestyle would be a village. The hamlet forms a ribbon development on all roads towards its crossroads. To the south-east is the most steep of two neighbouring outcrops of the Greensand Ridge. Elevations range from 74m in the narrow wooded vale of the Shad Well spring that issues in the central crossroads of the hamlet and descends in the north, to 117m AOD at built-up properties the east. However, the road leading east, Salt Lane has a fork to access Hascombe but otherwise ascends further, it veers southeast after the Hydon's Ball promontory at 171m, past the edge of steep banks of woods (Hurt Wood and Breakneck Hill to the left side) to access Dunsfold village. The latter village has national prominence as a result of the motor-racing track at Dunsfold Aerodrome.
To the west of West Surrey Golf Course, hamlets Enton Green and Great Enton share one 2011 census output area (of between 50 and 150 homes) and their surrounding terrain is flatter terrain, their most notable landmark is the course, so they are mentioned in the article on their civil parish, Hambledon.
Demography.
The settlement has a small population, split between two considerably larger United Kingdom Census 2011 output areas: E00157389 (north-east and beyond) and E00157740 (rest and beyond).

</doc>
<doc id="19158238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158238" title="Ogbogu Okonji">
Ogbogu Okonji

Ogbogu Okonji is a Nigerian (Igbo) Anioma popular traditional musician and the leader of the band Ogbogu Okonji and his Anioma Brothers. He is known in the Anioma music industry as OGB or The Message Man.
Biography.
Ogbogu Okonji was born in Ogboli Quarters in Ibusa, Oshimili-North Local Government Area, Delta State, South-south, Nigeria. He is of the Anioma subgroup of Igbo in Delta State. He began his professional career in music in Ibusa in 1978 but would later move to Lagos where he gained prominence. He is a self-taught musician who joined a traditional music group as a secondary school student, on completing his secondary education, he joined Customs and Excise Department which then was the vogue for the youths of Ibusa but would soon retire from the department to fully pursue a career in traditional music. He further described music as something that gives him joy and fulfillment. "I am happy when I make people happy," he also said.
Ogbogu began his career by singing in a various musical groups called "Otu" in the local dialect of Ibusa in which he sang alongside notable musicians from Ibusa such as the famous Agility Okonji, and his first cousin, Etiti Okonji. Quite early in life, Ogbogu and Etiti lost their fathers (Egbuna and Amukaji Okonji)in a mystery circumstances after they were both alleged poisoned through food in 1967. After Ogbogu and Agility parted ways, he released some Albums with his cousin, Etiti as both musicians were untited under one "Otu" (Dancing group) both would later part ways abandoning the "Otu" as they both pursued their individual careers in traditional music.
Ogbogu Okonji in a documentary televised by the African Independent Television (AIT) Tuesday, September 2, 2008 (10.00pm) stated that he began his musical career in 1978. Ogbogu has gained wider popularity among the various Anioma towns and in the southeast, and has particularly excelled in praise-singing for rich Anioma (Igbo) business tycoons. Almost every known business tycoon of Anioma extraction has been praised in his music.
He initially started with traditional Anioma or Ibusa style of music using traditional musical instruments such as Udu, Uboma, Agogo, Akpele, Isaka but in 1991 shifted to Ekobe-highlife fusion, which is now a style of his music. Ogbogu's style of music has been quite informative as it exposes the ills and abominations in the Anioma society thus his nickname name, "The Message Man." Ogbogu told a gathering that "he was tired of being a big fish in a small pond and that now was the time for him to swim in the mighty ocean, stressing that he had got all the experience , skill and agility to swim in the ocean without sinking He would also tell Q Club, Lagos that "I am tired of being a local champion; though I'm known by people who have supported and keep supporting my musical career, I want to be known beyond my area , that is why I have come to you people whom God has given the power to make people popular ,"
Ogbogu described his greatest challenge as securing a viable label that will release, market and distribute his works, he admittedly said he was unlucky in this area thus a major reason he still remains unknown in the Nigerian music world.

</doc>
<doc id="19158239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158239" title="Ancient Philippine scripts">
Ancient Philippine scripts

Ancient Philippine scripts are systems of writing that developed and flourished in the Philippine islands in about 300 BC. These scripts are related to other Southeast Asian systems of writing that developed from South Indian Brahmi scripts used in Asoka Inscriptions and Pallava Grantha, a type of writing used in the writing of palm leaf books called "grantha" during the ascendancy of the Pallava dynasty about the 5th century.
Introduction and development.
Isaac Taylor sought to show that the system of writing, particularly the Baybayin script, was introduced into the Philippines from the Coast of Bengal sometime before the 8th century. In attempting to show such relationship, Taylor presented graphic representations of Kistna and Assam letters like g, k, ng, t, m, h, and u, which resemble the same letters in Baybayin.
Fletcher Gardner argued that the Philippine scripts have "very great similarity" with the Asoka alphabets. T. H. Pardo de Tavera supported Gardner's view, and he also wrote that "the ancient Filipino alphabets have resemblance with the characters of the Asokan inscriptions." David Diringer, accepting the view that the alphabets of the Indonesian archipelago have their origins from India, opined that these, particularly that which is used in the Ci-Aruton inscriptions of the West Javan rajah, King Purnavarman, constituted the earliest types of Philippine syllabic writing. These according to Diringer were brought to the Islands through the Buginese characters in Celebes. The script would fall within the middle of the 5th century.
The Dravidian influence on the ancient Filipino scripts was obviously of Tamil origin," wrote V. A. Makarenko, in proposing another view on the origin of Philippine scripts. Based primarily on the work of H. Otley Beyer, this theory argues that these scripts reached the Philippines via the last of the "six waves of migration that passed through the Philippine archipelago from the Asian continent about 200 BC," constituting the Malayans and Dravidians, "primarily the Tamil from Malaya and the adjacent territories and from Indonesia and South India as well."
Extinction and disappearance.
The use of the Tagalog script was widespread during the 15th century. By the end of 17th century, its use was almost non-existent. By the 18th century, it was extinct. The inability of the ancient script to record the new sounds introduced by the Spaniards, the rapid acquisition of literacy in the Latin script with its concomitant social and material benefits, and the disruption of traditional family activities were the main culprits for the loss of the Tagalog script. Buhid, Hanunóo, and Tagbanwa are the only surviving Philippine scripts, however its use are confined to writing poems and other literary pursuits among its native speakers. Computer fonts for these three living scripts are available for IBM and Macintosh platforms, and come into two styles based on actual historical and stylistic samples. PostScript and TrueType fonts as well a concise manual that gives a background of these ancient scripts and a short tutorial on how to write with them are included in each package.
The University of Santo Tomas Archives in Manila, one of the largest archives in Philippines, currently possesses the biggest collection of extant ancient baybayin scripts in the world.
Characteristics.
The most interesting paleographic peculiar characteristic of ancient Philippine scripts is its being traditionally written from bottom to top, with the succeeding lines following on the right. However, when the Spaniards attempted to use the script in their desire to spread Roman Catholicism, like printing the "Doctrina Cristiana" in the Tagalog language and script, the direction of writing was changed and consequently the axis of the symbols also changed. These changes may be described in brief: "the direction of writing proceeded from left to right, with the succeeding lines written below the previous line; while the axis of the symbols was rotated to a ninety degree position, in which the symbols for i and u in composition with any consonant became above and below, respectively. In the traditional position, the i and u were on the right and left, respectively, of the consonant with which they are composed."
In general, there are two observable features of the ancient Philippine scripts. These include:
The scripts found in the Samar-Leyte area as reported by Alzina straddle the two categories-they show both lineo-angular and curvi-linear features.
Writing technique.
The early Filipinos wrote on many different materials; leaves, palm fronds, tree bark and fruit rinds, but the most common material was bamboo. The writing tools or "panulat" were the points of daggers or small pieces of iron. Once the letters were carved into the bamboo, it was wiped with ash to make the characters stand out more. Sharpened splits of bamboo were used with colored plant saps to write on more delicate materials such as leaves.
Much earlier writing techniques were also devised by early Filipinos, dating 900 AD. The Philippine copperplate was inscribed by hammering the letters onto the metal using a sharp instrument. The letters show closely joined and overlapping dots from the hammering.

</doc>
<doc id="19158251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158251" title="Timothy Creasey">
Timothy Creasey

General Sir Timothy May Creasey (21 September 1923 – 5 October 1986) was a British Army officer who became General Officer Commanding of the British Army in Northern Ireland, as well as the commander of the Sultan of Oman's Armed Forces.
Regimental career.
Creasey was born in 1923, and educated at Clifton College. He joined the Army on leaving school, and was commissioned in the Indian Army on 1942, as a junior officer in the 10th Baluch Regiment. He served with them in South-East Asia, Italy and Greece, before transferring into the British Army and joining the Royal Norfolk Regiment.
In 1955, he was a major in 39th Infantry Brigade, which served in Kenya during the Mau Mau Uprising, and in the following year experienced a different form of unconventional warfare whilst posted to Ulster, during the 1956 IRA border campaign. After a spell as an instructor at the Staff College, he was promoted to command the 1st Battalion of the newly formed Royal Anglian Regiment in 1965, and saw service in the Aden Emergency. He earned an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his service in this period.
Senior command.
After Aden, he was promoted to command 11th Armoured Brigade in the British Army of the Rhine, a post he held from 1968 until 1970, and then attended the Royal College of Defence Studies in 1971. 
In 1972, he was appointed major-general and seconded to Oman, where he acted as Commander of the Sultan's Armed Forces. The new Sultan, Qaboos bin Said, had been trained at Sandhurst and served in the British Army, and as part of the revitalisation of his forces during the Dhofar Rebellion he requested a large number of British military advisors. Creasey's period in Oman was effective; he quickly established a centralised command of the Army, and helped take the initiative against the Dhofari rebels. His previous experience with the Indian Army proved an asset, as a sizeable proportion of the Omani army was made up of Baluchis. He left in February 1975, with the campaign winding down.
After a brief spell as Director of Infantry, he was appointed on 1 November 1977 to succeed Sir David House as General Officer Commanding in Northern Ireland.
His experience as a commander had largely been in small-scale "colonial wars", and as such he was a contentious choice for the position. He aimed to get quick results, and his belief that a military solution could be found to the problem put him at odds with the commander of the Royal Ulster Constabulary, Sir Kenneth Newman. This dispute peaked in 1979, after 18 soldiers were killed in the Warrenpoint ambush, when Creasey demanded the Army take over control of policing. However, he had a good working relationship with Roy Mason, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland. He was replaced as commander by Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Lawson on 1 December 1979.
He was appointed as Commander-in-Chief, UK Land Forces in 1980, but left this shortly thereafter to return to Oman, at the personal request of the Sultan. Creasey had waived retirement to become Deputy Commander-in-Chief and Chief of Defence Staff, in the Sultan of Oman's Armed Forces in 1981, and oversaw a far-reaching reform of the Ministry of Defence and a modernisation of the army. Among other features, the redesigned system gave him complete control of arms procurement, which with the approval of the Sultan, ensured that many contracts went to British firms. Perhaps unsurprisingly, his role in Oman was controversial in the country, with many senior Omanis criticising his methods. He left Oman in 1985, and settled down into retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="19158255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158255" title="Le clan des siciliens">
Le clan des siciliens

The Sicilian Clan (original French title: "Le clan des siciliens") is a 1969 French crime film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Jean Gabin, Lino Ventura and Alain Delon. The film was largely marketed by the casting together of three of the leading French movie actors of the day.
The film score was written by Italian composer Ennio Morricone.
Plot summary.
In Paris, bloodthirsty jewel thief Roger Sartet (Alain Delon) escapes from custody with the help of the Manalese, a small-time but well-organised Sicilian Mafia clan led by patriarch Vittorio (Jean Gabin) and which includes his sons Aldo (Yves Lefebvre) and Sergio (Marc Porel) and son-in-law Luigi (Philippe Baronnet). While in prison, Sartet got to know an electrician (Christian de Tillière) who was involved in the setting up of an extensive security system at a diamond exhibition in Rome — the electrician returned home early, unannounced, caught his wife in bed with a lover and shot them. Unaccustomed to prison life, he made friends with Sartet and bit-by-bit supplied him with details of the exhibition.
Vittorio and a fellow Mafiose, Tony Nicosia (Amedeo Nazzari) of New York, go to the exhibition only to find that some changes have been made that make a simple robbery more difficult. Furthermore the exhibition hall is just down the road from the local police station. Nicosia instead comes up with a plan to steal the diamonds while they are en route to another exhibition in New York and sends over Jack (Sydney Chaplin), an alcoholic, in order to pass on the details.
Meanwhile Commissaire Le Goff (Lino Ventura) pursues Sartet with unbridled determination — the gangster having killed two of his men in cold blood during an earlier arrest. Guessing that Sartet needs false papers in order to leave the country, Le Goff's enquiries lead him to the Malanese and their arcade game business which serves as a cover for their more illegal activities. While he questions Vittorio, Sartet slips out of the building in a car, right under Le Goff's nose.
Jeanne (Irina Demick), wife of Vittorio's son Aldo and an able crook in her own right, becomes increasingly fascinated by Sartet. She has always felt out of place as the only French person in the Sicilian clan. While hiding out in a villa near the Italian border she attracts Sartet's attention by sunbathing nude but as they kiss they are caught in the act by Luigi's six-year-old son Roberto (César Chauveau). Jeanne gets the boy to promise not to mention it to anyone.
In Rome, the gang subtly kidnap Edward Evans, the insurance man sent to oversee the transfer of the diamonds to New York. Sartet takes his place and joins the other officials accompanying the diamonds on a regular scheduled flight to New York via Paris. Among the passengers joining the plane in Paris are Jack, Jeanne, Vittorio and his sons. Things almost go wrong when Evans' wife (Sally Nesbitt) turns up and even boards the plane looking for her husband, but Vittorio leads her to believe that her husband will be on another flight.
Having tried to contact her husband's hotel in Rome and being told that he has left, Mrs Evans goes to the police. At police HQ, she identifies Sartet as one of the men she saw on the plane while it was grounded in Paris. Told that his enemy has left the country, and guessing what he is up to, Le Goff requests a cigarette, having given up smoking some time ago.
Meanwhile, the plane is making its descent towards New York when the gang suddenly hijacks the aircraft. The crew are held at gunpoint and Jack, a former pilot, takes over the co-pilot's seat.
Warned of Sartet's imminent arrival in America, the local police race to the airport, but the plane in fact overshoots New York City and lands on a highway which has been closed off by the local mob. Other Mafia men are waiting in cars. They unload the diamonds from the plane and split up, Jack for Canada and the Manalese for Paris. Intending to move to Veracruz, Sartet hides out in New York while awaiting his share of the proceeds.
Back home, late one evening, the Manalese are watching a film on TV which includes a scene of a couple kissing on a beach. Roberto says that it "Looks like Auntie Jeanne with Mister Sartet". Jeanne denies this but the others will not accept it. They lure Sartet back to Paris by withholding his share of the loot. Jeanne calls Sartet's sister Monique (Danielle Volle) to warn him that he is walking into a trap. Monique goes to the airport but when her brother fails to turn up she is confronted by the Manalese boys who are subsequently arrested by Le Goff and his men who had Monique under surveillance.
Sartet actually came by an earlier plane. He contacts Vittorio, demanding his share. They meet at a place outside of town where Vittorio shoots both Jeanne and Sartet dead. He then returns home, only to be arrested by Le Goff.
Connections to other films.
The film was largely marketed by the casting together of Gabin, Delon and Ventura, all major film stars of the time. Henri Verneuil had previously directed Gabin and Delon in another thriller "Mélodie en sous-sol". They would also star together in "Deux hommes dans la ville" and Delon would dedicate "Ne réveillez pas un flic qui dort" to Gabin.
Ventura also worked with Delon and Gabin separately on a number of films.
At the time, Delon was involved in a real-life scandal, the Markovic affair, in which his former bodyguard Stevan Markovic had been found murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="19158257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158257" title="Bill Bunbury">
Bill Bunbury

Bill Bunbury (born in 1940, in Glastonbury, England) is a former radio broadcaster and producer for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and an accomplished historian and writer.
Early life.
Bunbury was born in Glastonbury, England in 1940, to an Australian father and an English mother. He graduated with an honours degree from the University of Durham in 1963, then decided to visit his father's homeland, Australia. He worked on his cousin's farm and bed and breakfast in Broomehill for a few months before moving to Perth, where he taught English at Guildford Grammar School. A visit to the school by an ABC television crew introduced Bunbury to ABC worker Roger Penny. Assisted by Penny's connections, Bunbury gave up teaching to join the education unit of the ABC in May 1969.
Career.
Bunbury's first couple of years at the ABC consisted of radio work. He moved to television shortly afterwards to present a children's program called "Here in the West". While filming this show, he was inspired to record a 30 minute documentary about settlers in Denmark. The documentary's unexpected popularity prompted Bunbury to continue this work, and he travelled around Western Australia recording programs on the state's history.
In 1985, historian and broadcaster Tim Bowden founded a social history unit, with Bunbury's support in lobbying the ABC. Bunbury had seen from his previous work there was a large potential audience for history topics, and he signed on as the host of "Talking History". He then worked on the programmes "Hindsight", "Verbatim", "Street Stories" and "Encounter". He retired from the ABC in 2007. Bunbury said, "I wanted to go while I was still doing good work. I think I've quit while I was, hopefully, still winning races. I think maybe some retire too early. Perhaps some go on [working too long. You try to pick the right time."
Bunbury's documentary series covered such topics as Cyclone Tracy, Australia's involvement in the Vietnam War, and the granting of equal wages to Aboriginal stockmen in 1966. His work had a strong focus on Indigenous Australian history. Bunbury won awards for his radio programmes and series, including a gold medal from the New York Radio Festival for "Timber for Gold", a look at gold mining in Kalgoorlie, and a UN Australia Peace Prize for "The War Rages On", about Australians in Vietnam.
His interest in oral history and recording of people's memories has created a vast resource in the Western Australian state library, Battye Library, of recorded interviews with people from various documentaries and programmes. Journalist Andre Malan has described this as Bunbury's legacy, "a priceless archive of the State's rich oral history that would otherwise have been lost forever".
Bunbury has published extensively with the Fremantle Press, and is currently Adjunct Professor of History and Media at Murdoch University] where he was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Literature in 2008 for services to broadcasting and history].
Personal life.
Bunbury and his wife,Jenny now live in Margaret River. They have two daughters, Alison and Kate and two grandsons, Sam and Jack.
Works.
ISBN 978-1-921 789-38-0 A HISTORY OF HYDROGRAPHY IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA 2010 
(2006). "Caught in time: talking Australian history" Fremantle, WA: Fremantle Arts Centre Press. ISBN 1-921064-84-6 

</doc>
<doc id="19158290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158290" title="Voldemārs Plade">
Voldemārs Plade

Voldemārs Plade (24 December 1900 in Riga - ?) was a Latvian football forward and manager, the most notable of four Plade brothers who played for Latvia national football team.
Voldemārs Plade (sometimes also called Valdis Plade) was one of five football playing brothers. In his youth he played with Union Riga and Āgenskalns sports club; but he became widely known in 1921 when playing for Ķeizarmežs. Alongside his brothers Kurts Plade, Teodors Plade and Alfrēds Plade, who all also played with Ķeizarmežs, Plade won Latvian league titles in 1922 and 1923. Unlike his brothers, Plade proved to be a long-lasting force in Latvian football and he was a national team regular from 1923 to 1929, capping 16 international appearances and scoring 9 goals. In a match against Lithuania at the 1929 Baltic Cup Plade scored three goals for Latvia from passes from the rising star Ēriks Pētersons. Plade represented Latvia at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
After the dissolution of Ķeizarmežs in 1925, Plade joined RFK with which he played for two years. After two years with RFK Plade joined the newly founded Riga Vanderer with which he occasionally played until 1935. Plade was known for his brilliant technique and goal scoring.
As early as 1933 Plade also took up coaching, working with V. Ķuze, Universitātes Sports, Riga Vanderer and LAS Riga, from at least 1936 he also appeared regularly as a football referee.
In 1939 Plade as a Baltic German repatriated to Germany. The last known information about him is his visit to Riga in December 1942 before returning to the Eastern Front of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19158291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158291" title="InfiniteReality">
InfiniteReality

InfiniteReality refers to a 3D graphics hardware architecture and a family of graphics systems that implemented the aforementioned hardware architecture that was developed and manufactured by Silicon Graphics from 1996 to 2005. The InfiniteReality was positioned as Silicon Graphics' high-end visualization hardware for their MIPS/IRIX platform and was used exclusively in their Onyx family of visualization systems, which are sometimes referred to as "graphics supercomputers" or "visualization supercomputers". The InfiniteReality was marketed to and used by large organizations such as companies and universities that are involved in computer simulation, digital content creation, engineering and research.
InfiniteReality.
The InfiniteReality was introduced in early 1996 and was used in the Silicon Graphics Onyx. It succeeded the RealityEngine, although the RealityEngine coexisted with the InfiniteReality for some time for the Onyx as an entry-level option for deskside "workstation" configurations.
The InfiniteReality architecture was a third-generation design and is categorized as a sort-middle architecture. It was designed to render complex scenes in high-quality at 60 frames per second, roughly two to four times the performance of the RealityEngine it replaces. It was designed explicitly for use in conjunction with the OpenGL graphics library and implements most of the OpenGL pipeline in hardware.
The implementation is partitioned into Geometry (also known as the Geometry Engine), Raster Memory (also known as the Raster Manager) and Display Generator boards, with each board corresponding to each stage of the three major stages in the architecture's pipeline. The board set partitioning scheme is the same as the RealityEngine, as a result of Silicon Graphics wanting the RealityEngine to be easily upgradable to the InfiniteReality. Each pipeline consists of one Geometry Engine board, one, two or four Raster Manager boards and one Display Generator board.
The implementation comprises twelve ASIC designs fabricated in 0.5 and 0.35 micrometre processes with three layers of metal interconnect. These ASICs require a 3.3 V power supply. An InfiniteReality pipeline in a maximal configuration contains 251 million transistors. The InfiniteReality was developed by 55 engineers.
Given a system capable enough, such as certain models of the Onyx2 and Onyx 3000, up to 16 InfiniteReality pipelines can be hosted. The pipelines can be operated in three modes: multi-seat, multi-display and multi-pipe. In multi-seat mode, each pipeline can serve up to eight simultaneous users, each with their own separate displays, keyboards and mice. In multi-display mode, multiple outputs drive multiple displays, which is useful for virtual reality. The multi-pipe mode has two methods of operation. The first method requires a digital multiplexer (DPLEX) daughterboard to be installed in every pipeline, which combines the output of multiple pipelines. The second method uses MonsterMode software to distribute the data used to render a frame to multiple pipelines.
To interface the pipeline to the system, a Flat Cable Interface (FCI) cable is used to connect the Host Interface Processor ASIC on the Geometry Board to the Ibus on the IO4 board, a part of the host system.
Geometry board.
The Geometry board is responsible for geometry and image processing and is divided into four stages, each stage being implemented by separate device(s). The first stage is the Host Interface. Due to the InfiniteReality being designed for two very different platforms, the traditional shared memory bus-based Onyx using the POWERpath-2 bus, and the distributed shared memory network-based Onyx2 using the NUMAlink2 interconnect, the InfiniteReality had to have an interface that could provide similar performance on both platforms, which had a large difference in incoming bandwidth (200 MB/s versus 400 MB/s respectively).
To this end, a Host Interface Processor, an embedded RISC core, is used to fetch display list objects using direct memory access (DMA). The Host Interface Processor is accompanied by 16 MB of synchronous dynamic random access memory (SDRAM), of which 15 MB is used to cache display leaf objects. The cache can deliver data to the next stage at over 300 MB/s. The next stage is the Geometry Distributor, which transfers data and instructions from the Host Interface Processor to individual Geometry Engines.
The next stage is performing geometry and image processing. The Geometry Engine is used for the purpose, with each Geometry board containing up to four working in a multiple instruction multiple data (MIMD) fashion. The Geometry Engine is a semi-custom ASIC with a single instruction multiple data (SIMD) pipeline containing three floating-point cores, each containing an arithmetic logic unit (ALU), a multiplier and a 32-bit by 32-entry register file with two read and two write ports. These cores are provided with a 32-bit by 2,560-entry memory that holds elements of OpenGL state and provides scratchpad storage. Each core also has a float-to-fix converter to convert floating-point values into integer form. The Geometry Engine is capable of completing three instructions per cycle, and each Geometry board, with four such devices, can complete 12 instructions per cycle. The Geometry Engine uses a 195-bit microinstruction, which is compressed in order to reduce size and bandwidth usage in return for slightly less performance.
The Geometry Engine processor operates at 90 MHz, achieving a maximum theoretical performance of 540 MFLOPS. As there are four such processors on a GE12-4 or GE14-4 board, the maximum theoretical performance is 2.16 GFLOPS. A 16-pipeline system therefore achieves a maximum theoretical performance of 34.56 GFLOPS.
The fourth stage is the Geometry-Raster FIFO, a first in first out (FIFO) buffer that merges the outputs of the four Geometry Engines into one, reassembling the outputs in the order they were issued. The FIFO is built from SDRAM and has a capacity of 4 MB, large enough to store 65,536 vertexes. The transformed vertexes are moved from this FIFO to the Raster Manager boards for triangle reassembly and setup by the Triangle Bus (also known as the Vertex Bus), which has a bandwidth of 400 MB/s.
Raster Memory board.
The function of the Raster Memory board is to perform rasterization. It also contains the texture memory and raster memory, which is more commonly known as the framebuffer. Rasterization is performed in the Fragment Generator and the eighty Image Engines. The Fragment Generator comprises four ASIC designs: the Scan Converter (SC) ASIC, the Texel Address Calculator (TA) ASIC, the Texture Memory Controller (TM) ASIC and the Texture Fragment (TF) ASIC.
The SC ASIC and the TA ASIC perform scan conversion, color and depth interpolation, perspective correct texture coordinate interpolation and level of detail computation on incoming data, and the results are passed to the eight TM ASICs, which are specialized memory controllers optimized for texel access. Each TM ASIC controls four SDRAMs that make up one-eighth of the texture memory. The SDRAMs used are 16 bits wide and have separate address and data buses. SDRAMs with a capacity of 4 Mb are used by Raster Manager boards with 16 MB of texture memory while 16 Mb SDRAMs are used by Raster Manager boards with 64 MB of texture memory. The TM ASICs perform texel lookups in its SDRAMs according to the texel addresses issued by the TA ASIC. Texels from the TM ASICs are forwarded to the appropriate TF ASIC, where texture filtering, texture environment combination with interpolated color and fog application is performed. As each SDRAM holds part of the texture memory, all of the 32 SDRAMs must be connected to all of the 80 Image Engines. To achieve this, the TM and TF ASICs implement a two-rank omega network, which reduces the number of individual paths required for the 32 to 80 sort while maintaining the same functionality.
The eighty Image Engines have multiple functions. Firstly, each Image Engine controls a portion of the raster memory, which in the case of the InfiniteReality, is a 1 MB SGRAM organized as 262,144 by 32-bit words. Secondly, the following OpenGL per-fragment operations are performed by the Image Engines: pixel ownership test, stencil test, depth buffer test, blending, dithering and logical operation. Lastly, the Image Engines perform anti-aliasing and accumulation buffer operations. To deliver pixel data for display, each Image Engine has a 2-bit serial bus to the Display Generator board. If one Raster Manager board is present in the pipeline, the Image Engine uses the entire width of the bus, whereas if two or more Raster Manager boards are present, the Image Engine uses half the bus. Each serial bus is actually a part of the Video Bus, which has a bandwidth of 1.2 GB/s. Four Image Engine "cores" are contained on an Image Engine ASIC, which contains nearly 488,000 logic gates, comprising 1.95 million transistors, on a 42 mm2 (6.5 by 6.5 mm) die that was fabricated in a 0.35 micrometre process by VLSI Technology.
The InfiniteReality uses the RM6-16 or RM6-64 Raster Managers. Each pipeline is capable of display resolutions of 2.62, 5.24 or 10.48 million pixels, provided that one, two or four Raster Manager boards respectively are present. The raster memory can be configured to use 256, 512 or 1024 bits per pixel. 320 MB supports a resolution of 2560 by 2048 pixels with each pixel containing 512 bits of information. In a configuration with four Raster Managers, the texture memory has a bandwidth of 15.36 GB/s, and the raster memory has a bandwidth of 72.8 GB/s.
Display Generator board.
The DG4-2 Display Generator board contains hardware to drive up to two video outputs, which may be expanded to eight video outputs with an optional daughterboard, a configuration known as the DG4-8. The outputs are independent and each output has hardware for generating video timing, video resizing, gamma correction, genlock and digital-to-analog conversion. Digital-to-analog conversion is provided by 8-bit digital-to-analog converters that support a pixel clock frequency up to 220 MHz.
Data for the video outputs are provided by four ASICs that de-serialize and de-interleave the 160-bit streams into 10-bit component RGBA, 12-bit component RBGA, L16, Stereo Field Sequential (FS) or color indexes. The hardware also incorporates the cursor at this stage. A 32,768 entry color index map is available.
Capabilities and performance.
The InfiniteReality was capable of several advanced capabilities:
The InfiniteReality's performance was:
InfiniteReality2.
InfiniteReality2 is what hinv (an IRIX utility that lists the hardware present in a system) refers to an InfiniteReality that is used in the Onyx2. The InfiniteReality2 however, was still marketed as the InfiniteReality. It was the second implementation of the InfiniteReality architecture, and was introduced in late 1996. It is identical to the InfiniteReality architecturally, but differs mechanically as the Onyx2's Origin 2000-based card cage is different from the Onyx's Challenge-based card cage.
Introduced by the InfiniteReality2 is an interface scheme that is used in rackmount Onyx2 or later systems. Instead of being connected to the host system via a FCI cable, the board set is plugged into the rear of a midplane, which can support two pipelines. The midplane has eleven slots. Slot six to slot eleven are for the first pipeline, which may contain one to four Raster Manager boards. Slot one to four is for the second pipeline, which may contain one or two Raster Manager boards due to the number of slots there are. Because of this, maximally configured Onyx systems use one midplane for each pipeline to avoid restricting half of the 16 pipelines to a maximum of two Raster Manager boards. Slot five contains a Ktown board if the midplane is used in an Origin 2000-based system (Onyx2) or a Ktown2 board if the midplane is used in an Origin 3000-based system (Onyx 3000). The purpose of these boards is to interface the host system's XIO link to the Host Interface Processor ASIC on the Geometry board. These boards have two XIO ports for this purpose, with the top XIO port connected to the right pipeline and the bottom XIO port connected to the left pipeline.
Reality.
The Reality is a cost-reduced version of the InfiniteReality2 intended to provide similar performance. Instead of using the GE14-4 Geometry Engine board and the RM7-16 or RM7-64 Raster Manager boards, the Reality used the GE14-2 Geometry Engine board and the RM8-16 or RM8-64 Raster Manager boards. The GE14-2 has two Geometry Engine Processors, instead of four like the other models. The RM8-16 and RM864 has 16 or 64 MB of texture memory respectively and 40 MB of raster memory. The Reality was also limited by the number of Raster Manager boards it could support, one or two. When maximally configured with two RM8-64 Raster Manager boards, the Reality pipeline has 80 MB of raster memory.
InfiniteReality2E.
The InfiniteReality2E was an upgrade of the InfiniteReality, marketed as the InfiniteReality2, introduced in 1998. It succeeded the InfiniteReality board set and was itself succeeded by the InfiniteReality3 in 2000, but was not discontinued until 10 April 2001.
It improves upon the InfiniteReality by replacing the GE14-4 Geometry Engine board with the GE16-4 Geometry Engine board and the RM7-16 or RM7-64 Raster Manager boards with the RM9-64 Raster Manager board. The new Geometry Engine board operated at 112 MHz, improving geometry and image processing performance. The new Raster Manager board operated at 72 MHz, improving anti-aliased pixel fill performance.
InfiniteReality3.
InfiniteReality3 was introduced in 2000 along with the Onyx 3000 to supersede the InfiniteReality2. It was used in the Onyx2 and Onyx 3000 visualization systems. The only improvement over the previous implementation was replacement of the RM9-64 Raster Manager with the RM10-256 Raster Manager, which has 256 MB of texture memory, four times that the of the previous raster manager. When maximally configured with four Raster Managers, the InfiniteReality3 pipeline provides 320 MB of raster memory.
InfiniteReality4.
InfiniteReality4 was introduced in 2002 to succeed the InfiniteReality3. It was used in the Onyx2, Onyx 3000 and Onyx 350. It is the last member of the InfiniteReality family, itself succeeded by the ATI FireGL-based UltimateVision, which was used in the Onyx4. The only improvement over the previous implementation was the replacement of the RM10-256 Raster Manager by the RM11-1024 Raster Manager, which has improved performance, 1 GB of texture memory and 2.5 GB of raster memory, four and thirty-two times that of the previous raster manager, respectively. When maximally configured with four Raster Managers, the InfiniteReality4 pipeline has 10 GB of raster memory. In a maximum configuration with 16 pipelines, the InfiniteReality4 contained 16 GB of texture memory and 160 GB of raster memory.
Comparison.
The figures presented in the tables are for a minimal 1-pipeline and a maximal 16-pipeline configuration, except for the Reality, which was restricted to single pipe operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19158306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158306" title="Edsbruk">
Edsbruk

Edsbruk is a locality situated in Västervik Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 300 inhabitants in 2010.
The community was originally named Ed. In 1670 Abraham Parment established an ironworks there, Eds Bruk, which employed a large number of the inhabitants. When postal service was established there, the post office renamed the town Edsbruk after the plant to distinguish it from another place called Ed. The ironworks closed during the economic crisis at the end of the 19th century and was replaced by a cellulose plant founded by Alfred de Maré; this closed in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19158330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158330" title="Antrim railway station (Great Northern Railway)">
Antrim railway station (Great Northern Railway)

Antrim railway station (Great Northern) served Antrim in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It was located on the mothballed Lisburn-Antrim railway line. The town is now served by Antrim railway station.
History.
Built by the Dublin and Antrim Junction Railway, it became part of the Great Northern Railway (Ireland) . In 1958 it passed to the Ulster Transport Authority. The UTA closed the station two years later.
The site today.
Currently, the line between Antrim and Lisburn is only used for training and emergency diversions, however it could be revived under plans to operate a Belfast - Lisburn - Antrim - Belfast circular route. Any traffic would use the current Antrim station.

</doc>
<doc id="19158337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158337" title="Norrström">
Norrström

Norrström in central Stockholm connects Lake Mälaren with the Baltic Sea. It runs from Riddarfjärden, north of Gamla stan, to Saltsjön. Two islands lie within it, Strömsborg and Helgeandsholmen. It is one of two natural waterways between Mälaren and the Baltic sea, the other being Söderström south of Gamla stan. Norrström is crossed by Centralbron and the adjacent pedestrian bridge, Vasabron, Riksbron north of Helgeandsholmen which continues into Riksgatan and Stallbron south of the island, Norrbro crossing Helgeandsholmen, and Strömbron.
As the water level of Mälaren is usually higher than that of the Baltic, the current normally runs from west to east. Norrström is not navigable for traffic between Mälaren and the Baltic, though whitewater kayakers often use it for training. A great number of fish species can be caught there, among them sea trout and salmon, which makes Norrström a popular destination for sport fishers.

</doc>
<doc id="19158352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158352" title="St. Regis Macao">
St. Regis Macao

St. Regis Macao (澳門瑞吉酒店) is one of the hotel project in the Cotai Strip in Macao. The hotel is funded by Las Vegas Sands and managed by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19158360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158360" title="Kamala Narayana Temple">
Kamala Narayana Temple

Kamala Narayana Temple is at Degaon (Degamve/Devgram) in Belgaum District, Karnataka. 
Degaon is 5 km from Kittur, 10 km from Halasi and 24 km from Bailhongal. It is famous for Kadamba style Kamala Narayana temple with rich antiquity. The place name might have originated from its temple complex Devagrama meaning a village of God. The magnificent Kamala Narayana Temple, built by the Kadamba queen, Kamaladevi in the 12th century. The sculptures are breathtakingly beautiful. Lions and floral motifs vie with dancing girls for attention.
History.
The Kadambas were known for their own style of temple building. The dynasty was founded by Mayura Sharma in about 4th century AD. Halasi in Belgaum District was their second capital where there are some temples built by the Kadamba rulers. The Kamala Narayana Temple in Devgram is quite well known. 
The Hoysalas, probably impressed by the beauty of the structure, have used similar styles in their temples.
Kadamba style.
The distinguishing feature of the Kadamba style is the tapering terraced tower, a perfect pyramid, the vigorous and purposeful line of each of these terraces attracting the eye even from a long distance. The Kadamba style would seem to have reached its perfection in the Kamala Narayana Temple at Degamve. It is a typical example of a temple built in this style which had come under the Hoysala influence. It was constructed by Tippoja, the architect of God Bankesvara at the command of Kamala Devi, the queen of the Goa Kadamba King Sivachitta, in the middle of the 12th century.
Architecture.
The temple is rectangular and consists of three cells with the pillared hall running from north to south in front of the shrines on the west side. Each of these shrines is divided into two parts, Garbhagriha and Sukhanasi. The frames of the doorways of the Sukhanasi are carved with creepers. The pieced stone windows which surround the doorways are more ornamental than in any other Kadamba temple. The Garbhagihas have, as in other Kadamba temples, the dedicatory block with the image of Gaja-Lakshmi.
Walls.
The walls of the temple are adorned with niche having plasters surmounted by terraced pyramidal towers in the Kadamba style crowned with a Kalasha on the parapets surrounding the Mukhamandapa. 
The following friezes are sculptured from top to bottom:
Ceiling.
The ceiling has pendant lotuses, all of them artistic pieces of workmanship remarkable for richness of ornamentation and elaboration of details.

</doc>
<doc id="19158366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158366" title="Environment of New Zealand">
Environment of New Zealand

The environment of New Zealand is characterised by unique flora and fauna and a variety of landforms contained within a small island nation. Historically having an isolated and endemic ecosystem far into modernity, the arrival of first the Maori and then later European settlers began to have significant impacts on this system, with the intentional and unintentional introduction of new species and plants which often overwhelmed their natural competitors, leading to a significant loss of native ecology and biodiversity, especially in areas such as bird life. Today, most parts of New Zealand are heavily modified by the effects of logging, agriculture and general human settlement, though large areas have also been placed under protection, combined in many cases with efforts to protect or regenerate native ecosystems (aided by the fact that especially the South Island of New Zealand has only a very low population density).
Biota.
The biota of New Zealand is one of the most unusual on Earth, due to its long isolation from other continental landmasses. Its affinities are derived in part from Gondwana, from which it separated 82 million years ago, some modest affinities with New Caledonia and Lord Howe Island, both of which are part of the same continental plate as New Zealand and in part from Australia.
More recently a component has been introduced by humans. New Zealand's biodiversity exhibits high levels of endemism, both in its flora and fauna. Until recently the islands had no native terrestrial mammals except for bats (although mammals did exist in New Zealand until 19 million years ago), the main component of the fauna being insects and birds. Its flora is dominated by Gondwanan plants, comprising historically of forests, most famously the giant kauri. New Zealand has developed a national Biodiversity Action Plan to address conservation of considerable numbers of threatened flora and fauna within New Zealand.
Fauna.
Mammals.
The only terrestrial mammals that were in New Zealand prior to human habitation were three species of bat. A number of marine mammals are found on the coast and waters of New Zealand. Maori and European settlers introduced a wide range of mammals some of which have become serious invasive species.
Flora.
New Zealand has a richly varied flora of imported and native species, the indigenous varieties having developed quite significantly due to the geographic isolation of the country before human migration and plant imports became common. However, the combination of external factors such as climate change and invasive species, as well as increasing agricultural and other human land uses have led to widespread damage. New Zealand's forest ecosystems for example are being considered as the second most endangered of the world, with only 7% of the natural habitat remaining.
Climate.
The climate of New Zealand is mostly cool temperate to warm temperate.
State of the Environment reporting.
The Ministry for the Environment has produced two State of the Environment reports to date, one in 1997 and the other in 2007.
Rankings.
OECD environmental performance review.
In 2007, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) conducted an environmental performance review of New Zealand. Some of the main conclusions and recommendations were that:
Environmental Performance Index.
The Environmental Performance Index (EPI) is a method of quantifying and numerically benchmarking the environmental performance of a country's policies. In the 2012 Yale EPI Index, New Zealand's ranking was 14th overall. In terms of ecosystem effects on water quality New Zealand scored 40.3 points out of 100 for ecosystem vitality for freshwater and was ranked 43rd out of 132 countries.
Environment and politics.
The Values Party formed in 1973, the first ever national level environmental party. The Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand formed in 1991 which included some members from the defunct Values Party, and was initially in Parliament as part of the Alliance Party. They currently have nine MPs that put forward green political ideology.
The level of protection of the environment from the different political parties varies according to their position on the left-right political spectrum. The right wing ACT Party scores the lowest and the left wing Green Party scores the highest.
Environmental law.
The roots of New Zealand environmental law can be traced to the common law of Britain. The increasing environmental awareness of the 1960s led to a specific body of environmental law that developed in many Western countries including New Zealand. Environmental law became more integrated in the 1980s with the passing of the Environment Act 1986 and the Conservation Act 1987. These Acts set up the Ministry for the Environment, Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment and the New Zealand Department of Conservation.
The most significant Act of Parliament concerning environmental law was the passing of Resource Management Act in 1991. Issues under the Act are adjudicated by the Environment Court of New Zealand.
Treaties and international agreements.
New Zealand is a signatory to a number of treaties and international agreements:
New Zealand is a depositary to the following environmental treaties:
Environmental funding.
Nature Heritage Fund
Community Conservation Fund
Biodiversity Funds see for example http://feeds.beehive.govt.nz/release/important+ecosystems+receive+support+nationwide http://feeds.beehive.govt.nz/release/important+ecosystems+receive+support+nationwide+0 (etc.)
Environmental issues.
As with many other countries there are a number of environmental organizations that are working towards addressing various environmental issues in New Zealand.
The move to carry out genetic engineering in New Zealand is opposed by environmentalists on economic and environmental grounds and the release of genetically modified organisms now has a strict regulatory regime under the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act.
Mining in New Zealand often encounters opposition from environmentalists. Coal mining in the West Coast Region is of concern and there are plans to start the Cypress Mine, the Escarpment Mine Project, the Mt William North Mining Project, as well as issues at the long established Stockton Mine. Lignite mining in the Southland Region is also encountering opposition. Hydraulic fracturing (fracking) is also of concern. A proposed soapstone mine in the Cobb Valley has also raised environmental concerns.
Water pollution in New Zealand is an ongoing issue. Fish and Game, a statutory government body, started a dirty dairying campaign to highlight water pollution due to dairy farming. It led to the creation in 2003 of the Dairying and Clean Streams Accord, a voluntary agreement between Fonterra, Ministry for the Environment, Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry, and regional councils. A 2009 study showed that the Manawatu River was found that the river had the highest gross primary production (GPP) compared to 300 rivers and streams in the Western world. High GPP rates are an indication of poor ecological health and can lead to various environmental issues.
The management of waste in New Zealand has become more regulated to reduce associated environmental issues.
Deforestation in New Zealand is now of negligible concern since logging indigenous forest on public land has ceased and it requires a permit to be carried out on privately owned land. In the past 800 years of human occupation New Zealand has lost 75% of its forests due to deliberately lit fires and land clearance.
Biodiversity of New Zealand is rich and diverse but in serious decline.

</doc>
<doc id="19158374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158374" title="Mattress pad">
Mattress pad

A mattress pad is designed to lie atop an existing mattress. Made primarily from foam, its function is to provide a layer of comfort and warmth between the user and the mattress. It is of particular benefit when the existing mattress is worn or uncomfortable. Toppers quite often have a contoured profile to facilitate airflow. Visco-elastic foam toppers are regularly used in medical institutions because of their pressure relieving properties. The foam used in the construction of these memory foam toppers reacts to both pressure and temperature. This, combined with its greater density, are properties that give them their characteristic "weightlessness" sensation.
An electric mattress pad is made of heavy fabric with heating filaments woven into it. In the UK and Commonwealth countries this is called an "electric blanket".

</doc>
<doc id="19158383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158383" title="Siegfried van Praag">
Siegfried van Praag

Siegfried Emanuel van Praag, (Amsterdam, 8 August 1899 - Brussels, 16 March 2002) was a prolific Dutch writer of more than 60 books.
Life.
He was born to Jewish parents and was the youngest of three sons. His father, Herman van Praag, worked in the diamond trade. His mother's name was Grietje de Jongh. Apart from his Dutch and Jewish cultural roots, Siegfried's education also introduced him to French language and culture. He pursued French studies at the Universiteit van Amsterdam, after which he became a lecturer at the Hogereburgerscholen in Purmerend.
In the same year that Van Praag published his first novel "De Weegschaal", he also married Hilda Sanders, a journalist. These new changes in his life came at the expense of his teaching career, which was abandoned for the time being. Still he remained active as an academic by publishing articles that were primarily concerned with Jewish and French literature. Also, his wife's profession may have introduced him to radio broadcasting, an occupation which van Praag held during various phases of his life.
The rise of Nazism may have prompted a move to Brussels in 1936, and was definitely the reason why van Praag and his family left the continent for England in 1940. In London he worked for the Dutch and Belgian radio programmes of the BBC. The war made a considerable impression on van Praag and his consequent preoccupation with Jewish culture and identity—specifically Dutch Jewish culture and the newly formed country of Israel—can be noted in the published works that follow this period. But unlike so many other artists who were exiled to England or The New World he did return to Europe after the war, settling in the Netherlands once more. Still writing, he now also resumed his teaching career and taught in at a Lyceum in Overveen, then later at the Nutsacademie in Rotterdam.
Though his greatest relevance is as a novelist, van Praag was also an essayist and an autobiographical writer. His autobiography "De Arend en de Mol" (The Eagle and the Mole) was published in 1973, but because of his fierce interest in Jewish identity some of his fictional and non-fictional writings may also have an autobiographical ring to them: thus "Een Lange Jeugd in Joods Amsterdam" (A Long Youth in Jewish Amsterdam) reflects van Praag's own experience growing up in 'Jewish' Amsterdam. By the 1980s he was nearing the end of his writing career, though he lived for another 20 years.
References.
http://www.jhm.nl/personen.aspx?naam=Praag2c+Siegfried+Emanuel+van&markeer=siegfried+van+praag.
Accessed 3 September 2008.
http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siegfried_van_Praag.
Accessed 3 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19158385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158385" title="Digital Shorts (UK Film Council funding scheme)">
Digital Shorts (UK Film Council funding scheme)

The Digital Shorts scheme supported by UK Film Council's New Cinema Fund and is partnered with organisations in each region and nation of the UK to enable filmmakers to make innovative shorts using digital technology.
The nine agencies are:

</doc>
<doc id="19158393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158393" title="Great South Wall">
Great South Wall

The Great South Wall (also sometimes called the South Bull Wall), at the Port of Dublin, extends from Ringsend nearly four miles out into Dublin Bay. It was the world's longest sea-wall at the time of its building and remains one of the longest in Europe. It faces the later-built Bull Wall, and has one of a trio of port lighthouses at its end.
History.
Background.
Dublin Bay had a long-running problem with silting, notably at the mouth of the River Liffey, and held major sand banks, notably the North Bull and South Bull (both "hard sand dry at low water"), to either side of the Liffey mouth, along with the Kish Bank over 11 km out to sea. Between the North and South Bulls, a sand bar existed, rising over time, limiting access to the city quays.
Furthermore, the shape of the Liffey estuary was rather different from the present day, with the river channel not fully enclosed, much of Pearse Street (then "Lazey Hill") running along the shore, which then bent sharply south, running in a diagonal to Irishtown, with Ringsend being a narrow sand spit projecting north into the bay.
To Ringsend.
Reclamation of the lands between the city and Ringsend progressed during the 17th and early 18th century, accelerated by the foundation of the Ballast Office in 1707, and by the granting of an estate there to Sir John Rogerson in 1713. Rogerson paid for a massive quay, all the way to a new mouth for the River Dodder, adjacent to Ringsend.
Commencement.
Years of primitive dredging were succeeded by an attempt to maintain a clear main channel to Dublin more effectively when, in 1715, the Dublin City Assembly authorised the building of an embankment from Ringsend along the north aspect of the South Bull sand bank. The first piles of what was to become the South Bull Wall were driven that year, and major work commenced in 1717, with what was then known simply as "The Piles" completed in 1730 to 1731. Construction involved driving of oaken piles into the boulder clay of Dublin Bay, with these anchored by baskets of gravel, and woven wattles.
A stone wall linking "The Piles" to the quays, "The Ballast Office Wall", was completed in 1756, and the first "Pigeon House" at the shoreward end of the piles was built around 1760 as a residence for a caretaker. Over a period, a bank of sand and other debris, the "White Bank", developed adjacent to the wall about 800m seawards of the Pigeon House.
The driven-pile barrier was breached by storm action, after reported rotting and tidal stress, and in 1761, a stone pier was commenced, working from the Poolbeg Lighthouse (commenced in 1761, operational 1767) back to shore. The construction, of massive granite blocks, brought from quarries at Dalkey, was completed in 1795. The final wall dimensions were 32 feet at the base, tapering to 28 feet at the top.
In the meantime, in 1791, the "Pigeon House Harbour" was planned, while in 1793, a gun battery, named the "Half-Moon Battery" for its shape, was built about 800m shorewards of the lighthouse. Also around 1793, a hotel, the "Pigeon House Hotel" was opened.
Following temporary military arrangements after the 1798 Rebellion, the Pigeon House Fort was created, maintained from 1814 to 1897. At its peak, it included gates with trenches crossed by drawbridges at the beginning of the wall, quarters for officers and men, a hospital, armoury, magazine and stores. In 1897, the complex was sold to Dublin Corporation for development to include the city’s first major electricity generating station and a sewage processing facility, as well as reuse of the hospital. This followed the installation, between 1878 and 1881, of a sewage pipe along the wall, discharging at the White Bank.
Structure and access.
Much of the wall is now encompassed by port facilities, or lies within the Poolbeg Generation Station complex. Public access now generally begins with the part of the wall just beyond the power station, which has parking adjacent. The area is no longer served by public transport since changes to Dublin Bus routes in Mid-May 2012 saw the limited service to Poolbeg Power Station discontinued. The last bus operated on the morning of Saturday 12th May 2012.
At the seaward end of the wall stands the red-painted Poolbeg Lighthouse, standing in its current form since 1820, having replaced an earlier light-tower, which in turn replaced a 1782 light-ship. The Ordnance Survey, and later Ordnance Survey Ireland, used the low water mark of the spring tide on the 8th April 1837 at the lighthouse as the standard height datum for Ireland until 1958.[http://www.osi.ie/gps/overview/irishgrid.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="19158400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158400" title="17th Tony Awards">
17th Tony Awards

The 17th Annual Tony Awards took place on April 28, 1963 in the Hotel Americana Imperial Ballroom in New York City. The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WWOR-TV (Channel 9) in New York City. The Masters of Ceremonies were Abe Burrows and Robert Morse.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Elizabeth Ashley, Jean Pierre Aumont, Orson Bean, Vivian Blaine, Diahann Carroll, Dane Clark, Betty Field, Martin Gabel, Anita Gillette, June Havoc, Helen Hayes, Van Heflin, Pat Hingle, Celeste Holm, Nancy Kelly, Sam Levene, Walter Matthau, Helen Menken, Phyllis Newman, Maureen O'Sullivan, Charles Nelson Reilly, William Prince, Rosalind Russell, David Wayne. 
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19158404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158404" title="Doğançay Museum">
Doğançay Museum

The Doğançay Museum, Turkey’s first modern art museum, officially opened its doors to the public in 2004. It is housed in a historic 150-year-old five-story building located in the heart of bustling Beyoğlu district of Istanbul. Just like a vast number of other important landmark buildings in Beyoglu, the museum was originally in a state of complete disrepair when Burhan Doğançay purchased it in 1999. Following a major four-year renovation, it was restored to its former glory and its interior converted to meet exacting museum standards.
While the museum is dedicated almost exclusively to the work of its founder Burhan Doğançay, while one floor has been set aside for the work of the artist’s father, Adil Doğançay, a well-known Turkish impressionist painter. With over 100 works on display, the museum offers a stunning visual survey of the evolution of Burhan Doğançay’s oeuvre, from his early figurative paintings to his wall-inspired art. The collection covers a wide range of media and materials and includes paintings, drawings, sculptures, prints, photographs and Aubusson tapestries.
Since 2005, the museum in cooperation with the Greater Istanbul Municipality and corporate sponsors, has organized and presented a juried elementary school art competition. Each year an average of 7,000 students between the ages of eight to fourteen, from 1,500 schools, have submitted their applications for this event.

</doc>
<doc id="19158427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158427" title="Four-Forest Bilingual International School">
Four-Forest Bilingual International School

Four-Forest Bilingual International School is a private day school located in Lucerne and Zug, Switzerland. Founded in 2007, it has around 165 students, whose ages range from 2 to 13. 
History.
The bilingual international school was founded in 2007. In 2009 The Bee Hive Pre-school in Cham, Zug, was integrated. Meanwhile more than 165 students were being instructed at the campuses in Lucerne and Zug. The school is located by the Rotsee in Lucerne and in Cham, Switzerland near the City of Zug. 
Bilingual education.
The immersion method, involving instruction by native-speakers, exposes students to the rational, emotional, and cultural dimensions of the second language. This is the foundation for developing complete fluency. :de:Bilingualismus
The instruction takes place in small groups. A preschool for children older than three, a forest-preschool, kindergarten and elementary school are offered. Instruction takes place in English and German, alternating weekly.
The school follows a curriculum which has been put together using the local Swiss curriculum and elements from the British National Curriculum. This curriculum begins in Pre-School with the 3-year old children and is followed by all children until 6th Grade. The children are taught equally in both English and German on a weekly basis (one week German, one week English). The school is accredited by the Canton Zug and the Canton Luzern.
The core subjects in the academic curriculum are: English, German, Maths, French, Science, History and Geography. Furthermore every child has the following lessons each week: Art, Design Technology, Drama, ICT, Music, PE and PHSE (Physical, Health and Social Education) 
Primary school.
The Primary School at Four-Forest is a full-time programme. The bilingual curriculum uses the local Swiss curriculum and elements from the British National Curriculum. The children are taught equally in both English and German on a weekly basis (one week German, one week English). All Grades are taught by two qualified and experienced mother-tongue teachers.
Kindergarten.
Children start Kindergarten the August after the fifth birthday and are taught primarily by two teachers – one English mother-tongue and one German mother-tongue.
The children are taught on a weekly basis – one week English followed by one week German.
The curriculum has an emphasis on literacy and numeracy, and includes science, history, geography, ICT (Information and Communication Technology), P.E (Physical Education), dance, drama, music, art and craft.
Pre-school.
The Pre-School gives young children their introduction to the learning environment from the age of three years. Early years activities include sand, water, modelling, arts and crafts, construction, books, games, puzzles and role-play. As the children develop, their skills in reading, language and numbers are fostered to provide a basis for literacy and numeracy.
Forest school.
There are weekly visits to a woodland site. The philosophy of an outdoor classroom is to inspire children through participation in engaging and motivating achievable tasks and activities in a woodland environment, helping to develop personal, social and emotional skills.
Kinaesthetic learners by doing are particularly suited to learning in the woodland environment.
After school activities.
Extra curricular activities:
Locations.
The "Rotsee" lake in Lucerne provides the setting for the Luzern campus. A playground at school, a playing field on the lake side and a woodland playground in the surrounding area offer ample space for the children to play and relax. The beautifully situated Zug Campus is near the monastery Heiligkreuz [http://www.cham.ch/de/portrait/geschichte/welcome.php?action=showinfo&info_id=313], Cham, Switzerland which was founded in 1862.
References.
Luzern-Business [http://www.luzern-business.ch/de/wohnstandort/schulen/]
Wirtschaftsförderung Kanton Zug [http://www.zug.ch/unternehmen/grunden-umstrukturieren-und-auflosen/wirtschaftsforderung]
External links.
Official Four-Forest website [http://four-forestschool.ch/]
Kanton Luzern [http://www.volksschulbildung.lu.ch/index/volksschule/privatschulen.htm]
Schulen Luzern [http://www.schulen-luzern.ch/]
Notes.
^Schon Dreijährige lernen Englisch^ [http://www.four-forestschool.ch/cms/uploads/pdf/press/NLZ.pdf], Neue Luzerner Zeitung
^Primarschule in zwei Sprachen^ [http://www.luzern-business.ch/de/wirtschaftsstandort/news/details/?nid=1045], Wirtschaftsförderung Luzern

</doc>
<doc id="19158429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158429" title="One Town One Product (Republic of China)">
One Town One Product (Republic of China)

One Town One Product (OTOP) is a project begun in 1989 and supervised by the Small and Medium Enterprise Administration (SMEA) of the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Republic of China (ROC) to promote products from the territories in the ROC jurisdiction.
History.
In 1989, to promote local companies in Taiwan, the Small and Medium Enterprise Administration, an organization under the control of Taiwan Ministry of Economic Affairs, had adapted the concept of "One Town One Product" from Japan and formed an expert team to research local industries and distinctive products in Taiwan. This expert team who was composed by specialists from design, financing, marketing has worked side-by-side with local companies to promote excellent products from Taiwan, especially ones that are blend of tradition and the unique art of Taiwan. OTOP at the present time has regroups more than 100 companies around Taiwan, Pescadores, and Matsu Islands.
Under the close supervision and help from Small and Medium Enterprises Administration, companies have transformed the natural simple resources into masterpieces of Taiwanese traditional art which is blended by the touch of Taiwanese artist. Today, with more than 1000 products have exhibited daily in OTOP centers around the island.
Products.
Under the supervision and encouragement from the Small and Medium Enterprise Administration, all the products of OTOP are handcrafts and have made from locally available material using wisdom and skill handed down from generation to generation.
The OTOP project has strong support from the Taiwanese government on different levels – identifying the potential OTOP product, advising on design and production, packaging and design that can attract both local and international markets.
Challenges.
With the support of Small and Medium Enterprise Administration, many selected products have exhibited in OTOP centers and many fairs organized by SMEA to promote these quality products into domestic and international markets. Many websites were set up to market Taiwanese town products.
OTOP Shop.
From last year and this year two OTOP shops were opened in KaoHsiung and in Taipei 101 to provide a greater access to international buyers and tourists varieties of traditional products developed under the OTOP – Taiwan Project.
References.
OTOP – Taiwan official online with Mandarin, Japanese, and English with information about the beauty of Taiwan and also market the distinguish products from Taiwanese village.

</doc>
<doc id="19158439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158439" title="1994 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1994 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Àlex Corretja defeated Javier Frana 6–3, 5–7, 7–6(7–5) to win the 1994 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Carlos Costa was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19158444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158444" title="Rimforsa">
Rimforsa

Rimforsa is a locality situated in Kinda Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 2,238 inhabitants in 2010.
It is surrounded by a lot of forest, just around 40 km south of the city of Linköping.

</doc>
<doc id="19158456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158456" title="Red Cliff (Shin-Sen)">
Red Cliff (Shin-Sen)

The song is a Japanese version of "Xin·Zhan (Red Cliff)" from Alan's Mandarin-language EP ' (2008). A slightly longer end roll version was included on the "Red Cliff" original soundtrack album released in Japan. A modern rock version of the song was used to promote the PlayStation 2 video game ', which later appeared as a bonus track on "Voice of Earth", when the album was pre-ordered from Tower Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19158462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158462" title="Nestea European Championship Tour">
Nestea European Championship Tour

The Nestea European Championship Tour (or the European Beach Volleyball Tour) is a European beach volleyball tour. It is the highest ranked European series of beach volleyball tournaments. 
The tour was previously known as the European Championship Tour, before the European Volleyball Federation (CEV) in 2003 signed a sponsorship deal with Nestea.
Medal table by country.
Medal table as of September 3, 2008.
This includes the results of every tournament, since the tour began in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19158481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158481" title="Aptera fusca">
Aptera fusca

The Cape Mountain Cockroach, Giant Cockroach or Table Mountain Cockroach (Aptera fusca) is a large cockroach which is widespread on low vegetation in open areas in the fynbos biome of the Western Cape region of South Africa. Adult females can be from long. Males are slightly smaller (body length ) and have dark brown wings, which are absent in females. It is stoutly built, with a reddish head and brown to black body segments with prominent yellow margins. The femora are heavily spined, with the hind tibiae having two very broad ridges with only two rows of spurs. They are nocturnal and herbivorous. Unusually for insects, it gives birth to 18–24 live offspring and protects the young for a while after giving birth. Family groups are found in late summer and autumn: a brood of black nymphs, a wingless female and two or more males, all living in a hidden crack. When alarmed, it raises its abdomen into the air and squeaks loudly; it also releases a foul-smelling liquid from glands on the back when handled and alarmed, producing an indelible brown stain on skin. The only other species in the genus "Aptera", "A. munda", is rare, and is found in the Richtersveld.

</doc>
<doc id="19158485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158485" title="James Dayton">
James Dayton

James Francis Dayton (born 12 December 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for League One club Oldham Athletic.
Career.
Dayton was released by Crystal Palace on 6 May 2009, after being at the club since the age of 10. During his time at Palace he went on two loan spells, both in 2008, to Yeovil Town and Crawley Town.
In November 2009, he accepted an invitation to join the Glenn Hoddle Academy.
He signed for Kilmarnock on a three-year deal in August 2010 after a successful trial period. He suffered a cruciate ligament injury which ruled him out for the season after a blistering start. He also scored a contender for goal of the season during the same match in which he received the knee injury. However, he returned to first team action in the 1–1 draw with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the SPL on 9 April 2011 and went on to appear in the remaining games of the 2010–11 season. Concluding the season with a consolation goal from a free-kick in the 5–1 to Rangers on 15 May 2011.
Another flying start to the 2011–12 season Dayton picked up the man of the match award against Hibernian live on ESPN, scoring from yet another free-kick.
On December 2011, Dayton picked up the Clydesdale Bank Sky Sports goal of the month award for his 35-yard strike against Dundee United on 17 December 2011 and eventually being awarded SPL goal of the season.
After rejecting a new three-year contract at Kilmarnock, rendering him a free-agent, Dayton joined Oldham Athletic on 20 May 2013 signing a two-year contract, therefore reuniting with former team-mate turned Oldham Athletic manager Lee Johnson.
Honours.
Kilmarnock

</doc>
<doc id="19158488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158488" title="The Glade (magazine)">
The Glade (magazine)

The Glade is an Archery Magazine published in the UK with a worldwide readership.
It covers Field, Target, Flight, 3-D, Mounted Archery, Popinjay... In fact everything to do with Archery apart from hunting.
History.
The magazine was started in 1978 by Ted Bradford.
Bought by Geoff and Paul Tittensor in 2008, The Glade has now been incorporated into Bow International magazine.
Regular Contributors.
Hugh Soar writes about the longbow and its history. Hugh is a well-known authority on the subject and has written several books including The Crooked Stick: A History of the Longbow (Weapons in History S.), Pub Westholme U.S, (2004), ISBN 1-59416-002-3 
John Dudley writes about the compound bow and the techniques of its use. John Dudley, has earned the reputation as one of the best target archers in the world.
Richard Priestman writes about the recurve bow and answers readers' questions about all aspects of archery. Richard is a double Olympic bronze medalist.
Roy Nash writes about how to get the best out of yourself and your equipment. Roy has been one of the top archers in the UK for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="19158525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158525" title="Bäckefors">
Bäckefors

Bäckefors is a locality situated in Bengtsfors Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 673 inhabitants in 2010.
The Movie Kopps was filmed in was filmed here in 2003.
The hospital Dalslands Sjukhus is located here.
Bäckefors was an important rail hub during the World War II, when many trains passed here with German soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19158544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158544" title="Shantanu Sugwekar">
Shantanu Sugwekar

Shantanu Sharad Sugwekar (born 18 December 1966 in Poona) is a former Indian first-class cricketer who played for his home state Maharashtra from 1987 to 2001. Despite his first-class average of 63.10, Sugwekar never appeared in a Test for India, thus making him the only non-international in the history of cricket to play at least 50 first-class innings and finish his career averaging over 60.
He was a middle order batsman and represented India's Under-19s team in their 1986/87 tour of Australia. He had little trouble adjusting to the Indian first-class cricket scene and in his first two seasons amassed 903 runs at a Bradmanesque average of 129. This included an innings of 299 not out in a Ranji Trophy match against Madhya Pradesh. Maharashtra's last batsman Anil Walhekar made 38 in a last wicket partnership of 102, but it wasn't enough to see his teammate through to a triple hundred. Sugwekar remains the only batsman to have 299 not out as his highest first-class score.
Sugwekar captained Maharashtra in three Ranji Trophy campaigns from 1995/96 to 1997/98 and also served as captain of West Zone on occasions during the early 1990s. His best first-class season came in 1996/97 when he made 928 runs at 71.38. Also a handy off spinner, his 18 first-class wickets include Rahul Dravid and Raman Lamba.

</doc>
<doc id="19158562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158562" title="Pulliam">
Pulliam

Pulliam is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19158568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158568" title="Triosence">
Triosence

Triosence is a German jazz group founded in 1999.
The members are Bernhard Schüler (piano), Matthias Nowak (bass) and Stephan Emig (drums). It has become one of the most successful jazz bands in Germany and has won the national jazz competition “Jugend jazzt”, the “1st Ostsee Jazz Festival Prize”, and a CD recording contract with the German national radio network, “Deutschlandfunk”. Their first CD, “First Enchantment” was nominated for the "Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik". The second CD "Away For A While" stayed in the German International Jazz Charts for over 6 Month.
It is very successful in Japan, too. The first CD was sold out after a few weeks.
A tour through Japan is projected.
Bernhard Schüler was born on September 19, 1979 in Kassel (Germany) and began his musical formation in the age of 7 years while he learned playing the piano. Yet as a teenager he began to compose his own music. His first music group he has founded in 1996 and was saxophonist, bandleader and componist in one person. Yet before he had taken part in the competition "Jugend jazzt" with Triosence, he had won this twice in 1996 and 1999 by his own. In 1999 he had won an advancement for soloists for the art he played the piano and had won in 2000 the competition as soloist. From 1999 to 2004 he studied music in Colonia on the "Musikhochschule Köln".
Stephan Emig was born on January 7, 1976 in Kassel (Germany). With 13 years he had made his first steps with the drums. He realized his musical formation at the Modern Music School in Gießen (Germany) and walked to Los Angeles (California) to the Music Academy. Since 1998 he has been working as a professional drummer and producer.
Matthias Akeo Nowak was born in 1976 in Berlin (Germany. He studied music for orchestras and jazz at the University for Music and Art in Mannheim and Detmold.
He was member of the "Jungen Deutschen Philharmonie" (German Philharmonic Orchestra) and the Jungen Österreichischen Philharmonie (Austrian Philharmonic Orchestra). He worked with John Ruocco, Jürgen Friedrich, Dejan Terzic, Rudi Mahall, Christopher Dell und Oliver Leicht and has made a lot of journeys in Germany, France, Albania, USA and Italy.
Music.
The music is a mix between Jazz, Folk, World and Fusion. The instruments of the members are equals which permits a large spectrum of compositions. The whole music is made by themselves and is influenced by Bill Evans Trio, Keith Jarrett, Hubert Nuss, John Taylor, Ahmad Jamahl, Peter Erskine, Jack DeJohnette and Zakir Hussain. Many critics describes the music as lyrical, poetic and dreamy.
Critics.
"in the collective this mixture is built to an opulent sound." (Wolff Rechenberg, Hessisch Niedersächsiche Allgemeine).
"It looks like finally Germany found the new faces in Jazz after Till Brönner..." (Tobias Schmitz, Stern)
"The piano trio that made our impression of the "stiff German jazz" change... " (Swing Journal, Japan)
"Triosence has the main characters of a jazz trio with own charming" (Weserkurier, Juli 2004)

</doc>
<doc id="19158577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158577" title="Something About You (Christian Burns song)">
Something About You (Christian Burns song)

"Something About You" is the debut single to be released by Christian Burns.
It was released via Data Records and Ministry of Sound on August 25, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19158594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158594" title="Abeille de Perrin">
Abeille de Perrin

Elzéar Emmanuel Arène Abeille de Perrin ( 3 January 1843, Marseille – 9 October 1910, Marseille)
was a French entomologist.
Abeille de Perrin was a lawyer in Marseille. He gave all his free time to entomology and was a member of the 
Société entomologique de France for twenty years. He was especially interested in the cave species of the 
Pyrenees.His best known publications are "Monographie des malachites" (1869), "Études sur les coléoptères cavernicoles, suivies de la description de 27 coléoptères nouveaux français" (1872), "Notes sur les leptodirites"
(1878), and "Synopsis critique et synonymique des chrysides de France" (1878). 
His collection of Palearctic, Coleoptera, Hymenoptera, Diptera, and Orthoptera is conserved 
in Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19158600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158600" title="2008 Women's Baseball World Cup">
2008 Women's Baseball World Cup

The 2008 IBAF Women's Baseball World Cup was held in Botchan Stadium at Matsuyama, Ehime, Japan and won by Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19158603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158603" title="2005 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles">
2005 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Michaël Llodra and Fabrice Santoro.
Michaël Llodra and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6–7(6–8), 6–3, 7–6(7–4), against Leander Paes and Nenad Zimonjić.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Leander Paes / Nenad Zimonjić "(Final)
<li> Michaël Llodra / "'Fabrice Santoro (Champions)
<li> Wayne Arthurs / Paul Hanley "(Round Robin)
<li> Stephen Huss / Wesley Moodie "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19158604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158604" title="2005 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2005 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion, but David Nalbandian defeated him 6–7(4–7), 6–7(11–13), 6–2, 6–1, 7–6(7–3), in the final.
Mariano Puerta's Round Robin result was disqualified upon his doping charge in December 2005.
Seeds.
<ol start="6">
<li> Ivan Ljubičić "(Round robin)
<li> Gastón Gaudio "(Semifinals)
<li> "'David Nalbandian (Champion)
<li> Mariano Puerta "(Round robin)
<li> Fernando González "(Round robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19158609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158609" title="Eddie Filgate">
Eddie Filgate

Edward "Eddie" Filgate (born 16 September 1915) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served for 5 years as Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency. Filgate was first elected to the 21st Dáil at the 1977 general election. He was re-elected twice, at the 1981 and the February 1982 general elections. He did not contest the November 1982 general election.
Filgate and his wife Elish had five children. One of 11 children, he still lives in his native village of Louth, near Dundalk, next to the site of the house he grew up in.

</doc>
<doc id="19158673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158673" title="Adil Doğançay">
Adil Doğançay

Adil Doğançay, the father of Burhan Dogançay, was born in Istanbul in 1900. He was an officer in the Turkish army and also a well-known painter. His works are predominantly impressionistic land- and seascapes as well as still lifes in oil on canvas. Although few of his paintings are dated, most of them were completed between 1940 and 1990, the year he died. 
Adil Doğançay received his artistic training from Major Şeref Bey at the Eyüp Military Academy and from Major Tahsin Bey, a seascape artist from Diyarbakır, at the Topography School. He fought in the Turkish War of Independence and was awarded the Independence Medal. As a topographer, he traveled all over Anatolia, which gave him the opportunity to spend hours surrounded by nature. The artist produced most of his paintings outdoors, calling nature his ‘greatest teacher’. 
Adil Doğançay took part in many group shows held by the Society of Retired Officer Painters, the Society of Topography Officer Painters and the Ankara Society for Fine Arts, as well as the Turkish Painters and Fine Arts Association, of which he was a member. His works were also shown at the prestigious annual State Painting and Sculpture exhibitions in Ankara. In addition he held many one-man shows in Ankara and Istanbul as well as joint exhibitions with his son, Burhan Dogançay. During his visit to the United States, he was Visiting Artist at group exhibitions at The National Arts Club in New York in 1963 and 1964.
His work is exhibited at the Dogancay Museum in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="19158681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158681" title="Michael Maschler">
Michael Maschler

Michael Bahir Maschler (Hebrew: ) (July 22, 1927 – July 20, 2008) was an Israeli mathematician well known for his contributions to the field of game theory. He was a professor in the Einstein Institute of Mathematics and the Center for the Study of Rationality at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel.
Selected publications.
For a complete list of English and Hebrew publication, see Michael Maschler: In Memoriam, above.

</doc>
<doc id="19158696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158696" title="Kootumuchikal amma">
Kootumuchikal amma

Kootumuchi Temple is a Hindu temple in Vellatanjoor of Thrissur District. The temple deity is a goddess called the Kootumuchikal Amma, considered to be the incarnation of Durga. 

</doc>
<doc id="19158697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158697" title="John D. Hogan">
John D. Hogan

John D. Hogan, born in 1939, is an American Psychologist and noted author on the history of Psychology. He is presently a Professor of Psychology at St. John's University in Jamaica, Queens, New York, where he taught since 1965. Additionally, he serves as the history and obituary editor for American Psychologist and has been elected President of Division 52 of the American Psychological Association (International Psychology) for 2011-2012. From 2009-2010, he served as President of Division One (Society for General Psychology). 
Dr. Hogan has conducted research in the areas of Piagetian theory and creativity, as well as developmental and educational psychology. Since the early 1990s, he has written extensively on the subjects of the history of Psychology, particularly the history of Developmental Psychology; International Psychology; and the current state of U. S. Psychology. He is the author/editor of two books, 15 chapters, and more than 200 articles, encyclopedia entries and book reviews. Moreover, he has presented more than 100 papers at professional meetings.
Dr. Hogan earned his M.S. in Counseling Psychology at Iowa State University in 1962 and his Ph.D. in Developmental Psychology at Ohio State University in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19158731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158731" title="Michael Hasani">
Michael Hasani

Rabbi Ya'akov-Michael Hasani (, born Ya'akov Kantrovich on 27 June 1913, died 2 July 1975) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Welfare during two spells in the early 1970s.
Biography.
Born in Będzin in Poland (Russian Empire), Hasani studied at a yeshiva and was certified as a rabbi. He made aliyah in 1932 and was involved in the Haganah.
In 1951 he was elected to the Knesset on the Hapoel HaMizrachi list. He was re-elected in 1955, 1959 (by which time the party had merged into the National Religious Party), 1961, 1965 and 1969. In December 1969 he became Deputy Minister of Education and Culture, serving until 1 September 1970, when he was appointed Minister of Welfare. He remained minister after the 1973 elections, in which he retained his seat, but left the cabinet on 4 April 1974. He returned as Minister of Welfare in October that year, serving until his death in July 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19158749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158749" title="Lotus Esprit GT1">
Lotus Esprit GT1

The Lotus Esprit GT1 was a sports racing car produced by Lotus Cars. It competed in the BPR Global GT Series in the mid 1990s.
The early 1990s were particularly difficult for Group Lotus. The repercussions of global recession were severe for sports car manufacturers. During 1992 the Lotus dealer franchise network contracted from 29 to 19 outlets as production of the long running Excel and recently relaunched Elan M100 ended. Furthermore by August 1993 General Motors had disposed of the company. 
In addition although Team Lotus had remained independent from Group Lotus since 1954 its fortunes in Formula One would mirror those of the production side. With its bankruptcy in 1994, Lotus were left without any motorsport programme and production exclusively concentrated with the Esprit. It was apparent that single model production could not be sustained indefinitely.
Coinciding with the decline in Lotus’s fortunes were the performances of the Type 105 and 106 (X180R) cars in the Sports Car Club of America (SCCA) Escort World Challenge between 1991 and 1992. These performances were an invaluable tool for Lotus’s North American Marketing. The kudos of owning a proven race winner was important in securing increased sales against the established race brands of Porsche and Ferrari. Also Lotus’s reputation of being a manufacturer of fragile unreliable cars had been improved through being successful in endurance racing. 
The exploits of the works team was replicated in the hands of privateers in both America and Europe. Doc Bundy won the 1992 Bridgestone Supercar Championship drivers title with the Esprit X180R whilst Tom Langeberg won the Koni Production Car Series in the Netherlands. Although it was never conceived as such, the Lotus Esprit (now in the twilight of its career) was proving itself to be a credible racing car.
Appreciating the value of motorsport success, Lotus decided to capitalise on the racing potential of the Esprit and enter its first official works team in a sportscar category in twenty six years. The Lotus Esprit GT Team were to participate in the 1995 BPR Global GT Series with the Type 114. Lotus’s expertise and investment helped modify the 2.2 litre Esprit Sport 300 engine (TYPE) to produce 370 bhp. This power was transmitted through a five-speed Hewland DG300 gearbox to a body weighing just over 900 kg. Accompanying the factory support was the involvement of elements of the now defunct Team Lotus. For example The Lotus Esprit GT team were based at the former headquarters of Team Lotus (Ketteringham Hall) and included Alex Zanardi in the driver line-up. Also the Type 114 was to benefit from Formula One technology including improved aerodynamics and data-acquisition systems.
The Type 114 debuted at the BPR Global GT Series four hour race at Donington. Despite competing in the GT2 category it was able to out-qualify all of its class rivals and compete equally with the more powerful GT1 racers which included the McLaren F1 and the Porsche 911 GT1. The race finished 8 minutes before the 4 hours as the gearbox failed. Nevertheless the Type 114 would earn a class victory (and 4th overall) at its second attempt during the Norwich Union Empire Trophy in September. 
The success of the Type 114 in the GT2 category gave Lotus the confidence to compete in the prestigious GT1 series the following season. However, in order for it to do so the 114 underwent several changes. Aesthetically the production model had been refreshed by new head of design Julian Thompson, and relaunched as the S4 in 1993. These design alternations were incorporated as part of a wider package of aerodynamic improvements that included a carbon fibre splitter, diffuser and revised floor. Lotus also took the opportunity to include its new 3,506cc V8 engine which combined with twin Allied Signal intercooled turbochargers was able to produce 550bhp. These improvements allowed the Type 114 to compete in the prestigious GT1 category. The new car debuted for the 1996 GT Series at the Circuit Paul Ricard, however, its retirement with a fractured exhaust highlighted the fragility that would persist throughout the season. Unfortunately it soon became apparent that to be successful in the GT1 category required similar budgets and development schedule of the Porsche, McLaren and Mercedes teams. 
The improvements to the 114 did not match its stunning debut season, although its presence at international sportscar races helped to sell over 250 V8 Esprit’s in 1996. There were a number of reasons that account for the second generation Type 114’s relative failure in sportscar racing. Firstly the Esprit had been in production for 21 years, and despite the design being continually refreshed it still retained some fundamental drawbacks. For example its wide flat screen rendered it aerodynamically inferior to the McLaren F1’s and Porsche 911’s that it was competing against. Also the previous season’s Lotus type 900 derived engine had been in production and progressively improved over twenty three years. Reliability was therefore, never an issue. The inclusion of the new V8 required development work by Lotus Racing and Lotus Engineering, arguably making the type 114 a test bed for the Type 115 that was to replace it. Ironically the Type 115 would abandon this engine in preference for the Chevrolet LT5-based engine that Lotus had originally designed. 
Ultimately it would be Lotus’s characteristic literal rule interpretation that would end the works involvement on the Esprit’s racing career. During 1996 the FIA GT rules concerning homologation requirements were changed in an attempt to alter the emphasis of the series from sports to racing cars. Indeed only a single production car needed to be manufactured. Therefore as manufacturers such as McLaren produced their F1 GTR 97, Lotus took the opportunity to showcase the recently launched Elise and concentrate efforts on running the Lotus Elise GT1 (Type 115) model in the 1997 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19158754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158754" title="Peter Okocha">
Peter Okocha

Peter Eloka Okocha (born February 5, 1952) is a Nigerian Igbo businessman and philanthropist from Ibusa, Oshimili North Local Government Area of Delta State.
Early life and education.
Okocha was born in Bisichi, Jos in Plateau State, Nigeria. His father was killed in Northern Nigeria during the Nigerian/Biafra civil War. He had his primary school education in Bisichi Tin Primary School, Bisichi, Plateau State. He initially joined St Mulumba's College in Bisichi but was forced to return to Ibusa following the outbreak of the war and was enrolled in St. Michael's College, Ogwashi-Uku, Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta state. Okocha would also join the Seminary School but was forced to quit by the actions of his mother for the reason of being the first son of the family. He therefore quit and completed his secondary school in 1971.
In 1972, Peter Okocha traveled to Northeastern University where he obtained B.Sc in Economics, and M.Sc in Political Economics in the same institution and later MBA in Finance and Accounting from Roosevelt University and returned to Nigeria where he did his Youth Service in 1978 with Streamline.
Business career.
In 1985, Okocha's businesses included a Pharmaceutical company that is a subsidiary of Dizengoff bought over in 1985. The company produced Optalgen and animal veterinary goods. Vivaldi, another subsidiary was developed which assembled Air-Conditioners. In 1985, he came up with Chrismatel, a Clearing and Forwarding Agency. There is also Global Insurance, and Ulticare Lyka Company located in his hometown Ibusa.
In 1991, Okocha built the Michelle Terminal (Named after his wife, American-borned Michelle Okocha, née McDonald) which takes about 1000 containers. In 1999, he bought African Petroleum from the money he reportedly stated he borrowed.

</doc>
<doc id="19158779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158779" title="Patrick Delap">
Patrick Delap

Patrick Delap (17 March 1932 – 14 May 1987) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and medical doctor. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at a 1970 by-election as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for Donegal–Leitrim. The by-election was caused by the death of the Fine Gael TD Patrick O'Donnell.
He served in public office for three years before he lost his seat at the 1973 general election. He stood again for the Dáil at the 1977 general election but was not elected.

</doc>
<doc id="19158780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158780" title="Park Sung-Wha">
Park Sung-Wha

Park Sung-Wha (Hangul: 박성화; Hanja: 朴成華) is a retired South Korean football player and current manager.
Coaching career.
Following his playing career, Park became a manager, and led the Korea U-20 side to the 2003 and 2005 FIFA World Youth Championships.
In the 2010 mid-season, he was appointed as a new manager of Chinese Super League club Dalian Shide.
Park was the head coach of Myanmar national football team and Myanmar national under-23 football team, until his dismissal in 16 December 2013, two weeks before his contract ran out. His sacking was caused by the defeat of Myanmar U-23 football team to Indonesia U-23 in the 2013 Southeast Asian Games football tournament group stage by 1-0, which eliminated the hosts from the knockout stages.

</doc>
<doc id="19158786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158786" title="Thunder Butte">
Thunder Butte

Thunder Butte (Lakota: "Wakíŋyaŋ Pahá") is a prominent butte landmark located in the northwest corner of Ziebach County, South Dakota, in the United States. Thunder Butte is a landform that can be seen for many miles in every direction, and serves now (as it has in the past) as an important orientation point for area residents, or a navigational aide for travelers crossing the surrounding plains.
Geography.
Thunder Butte was formed by differential erosion. Its summit is 2,733 feet (833.02 meters) above sea level, and rises some three to five hundred feet above the surrounding grasslands. Thunder Butte is the highest point in Ziebach County. Thunder Butte lies on the drainage divide between the Grand River, to the north, and the Moreau River to the south; both rivers drain eastward to the Missouri. 
The butte is located about 75 miles west of the Missouri River, and about 105 miles northeast of the Black Hills, (both distances as the crow flies). The geographical coordinates of Thunder Butte (Wakinyan Paha) are Latitude N 45.319978 (49 19 12 N) and Longitude W -101.880704 (-101 52 51 W). The butte lies in the Southeast quarter of Section 26 of Township 16 North, Range 18 East.
Native Americans and Thunder Butte.
Thunder Butte is “Wakinyan Paha” in the language of the Lakota people, to whom the butte has historic, religious and cultural significance. In traditional Lakota lore, thunder originated on the butte. The Lakota Sioux tribe has resided in this area since about 1776, after driving out the Cheyenne, (who had driven out the Kiowa, who had in their turn driven off previous Native American possessors.) A high concentration of Lakota Sioux people still reside around the Thunder Butte landmark -- Ziebach County, where Thunder Butte is located, has a 72.29% Native American population. The prominent landmark is clearly visible from two surrounding reservations of the Lakota and Dakota Sioux people; the butte is within the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation which has Lakota people from four bands/tribes of the Lakota nation, and the butte is only a short distance from the southern boundary of the Standing Rock Indian Reservation which has people of the Lakota and Dakota nations 
Geology.
Thunder Butte has an erosion resistant cap of harder Paleocene age sedimentary rock known as the Ludlow Formation. Lower elevations of surroundings grasslands/plains are underlain by the softer and more easily eroded Hell Creek sedimentary rock. The cap of Ludlow Formation rock is an erosional remnant, and other buttes in this area of western South Dakota are also capped by similar Ludlow Formation erosional remnants. Geological maps are available online, which show Thunder Butte, and its cap of the Ludlow Formation; see the 15 minute (1:62,500 scale) Glad Valley geologic map, which can be viewed and downloaded from the SD Geological Surveys website. The regional geological aspect can also be viewed on the Geologic map of South Dakota, but Thunder Butte's cap of Ludlow Formation rock is too small a feature to be shown on the regional map with its larger 1:500,000 scale.
In literature.
Literary references to Thunder Butte appear in the story of Hugh Glass, a mountain man/trapper with the 1823 party of William Henry Ashley and Andrew Henry, which was traveling overland from Fort Kiowa to Fort Henry at the mouth of the Yellowstone River. In August, 1823, on the south fork of the Grand River( located north west of Thunder Butte, in Perkins County, South Dakota) Hugh Glass encountered a grizzly bear and was so badly mauled that he was left for dead by the others in his party. Reviving, he found himself alone and unable to travel except by crawling. Hugh Glass crawled from the Grand River to the Moreau River and then on south to the Cheyenne River, a distance of some 80 to 100 miles. This "crawl" consumed six weeks. After reaching the Cheyenne River, Hugh Glass recuperated for a time and then fashioned a crude raft on which he floated down the Cheyenne River and Missouri River to Fort Kiowa. The Grand-to-Moreau-to-Cheyenne River "crawl" took Glass by Thunder Butte on the divide between the Moreau and Grand Rivers, and factual and fictional accounts note that in making his crawl to the Cheyenne River, Hugh Glass navigated by watching Thunder Butte which was first ahead, then alongside, then behind him. 
Thunder Butte has been commemorated by white settlers who saw beauty and majesty in the prominent landmark. The following poem was written by G. M. Drummond, who was appointed Zeibach County Superintendent of Schools in 1912 and elected in 1927. A pioneer and longtime resident of the area, Mr. Drummond died in 1973.
"Thunder Butte"
In northern Ziebach County
Stands Thunder Butte alone
The monarch of surrounding hills ...
With a diadem of stone!
He stood there countless ages,
While red men roamed the plains 
And Buffalo and antelope 
Grazed over vast domains.
There still he stands undaunted,
While seasons come and go, 
Unchanged alike by summer sun 
Or by the Winter snow.
The Persepolis of Persia
Stood not more dignified, 
Nor the Acropolis of Athens 
In its historic pride!
Rule on, Majestic Mountain!
May nothing ever mar 
Your innate rugged beauty, 
That may be seen afar.
G. M. Drummond
From, “South Dakota's Ziebach County, History of the Prairie” published in 1982 by the Ziebach County Historical Society in Dupree, SD.
Notes.
Thunder Butte Creek originates to the west of the butte, and flows by the southwest side of the butte, and then extends southeasterly to join the Moreau River. The small unincorporated community of Thunder Butte is located near this river junction at these geographical coordinates: Lat. 45.21166 N, Long. -101.670016 W.
Many other buttes in this area of western South Dakota are capped by erosional remnants. Besides the Ludlow Formation, buttes in this area are capped by the Tongue River formations, White River Group sediments, and clinker beds formed by the combustion of coal seams which bake the surrounding rock into a hard erosion resistant layer.
After Hugh Glass (see above) had been mauled by a bear in 1823 and appeared to be in a dying state, two of the Ashley party were left to await his death and bury him. As Glass lingered, the two grew increasingly fearful of becoming random casualties of Indian bands roaming the valley of the Grand River. Eventually they panicked, and took off with Hugh Glass' rifle and other possessions, reporting to Ashley that Glass had died and been buried. One of the two was the 17 year old Jim Bridger, then making his first foray across the Great Plains to the Rockies. According to legend, Glass later caught up with Bridger, but forgave him because of his youth. Jim Bridger became a celebrated mountain man of the Great Plains and Rocky Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19158788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158788" title="Majorette (dancer)">
Majorette (dancer)

A majorette is a person doing choreographed dance or movement, primarily baton twirling associated with marching bands during parades. It derives from girls' involvement in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in drill and gymnastic teams or groups that used apparatuses similar to those found in rhythmic gymnastics. Majorettes can also twirl knives, fire knives, flags, light-up batons, and fire batons. They do illusions, cartwheels, and flips, and sometimes twirl up to four batons at a time. Majorettes are often confused with cheerleaders, when in fact, baton twirling is more closely related to rhythmic gymnastics rather than cheerleading.

</doc>
<doc id="19158795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158795" title="Robert of Lexinton">
Robert of Lexinton

Robert of Lexinton or Lessington (died 29 May 1250) was a British judge and administrator.
Biography.
Robert of Lexinton was a son of Richard of Lexinton (probably the first son, according to the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, probably the second according to the Dictionary of National Biography. 
His father for a time administered the manor of Laxton (formerly Lexington, from whence the family's name derived. 
Robert's brothers included Henry of Lexington, sometime Bishop of Lincoln, and Stephen of Lexington, a Cistercian monk and abbot of Clairvaux abbey. He made his start as a clerk to a successor of his father as keeper of the manor of Laxton, one Brian de Lisle.
In 1214 he was appointed as a prebendary of the collegiate church of Southwell, and later succeeded to the barony of his father, who was alive in 1216. By 1221, he was acting as a justice in seven counties, and comes to notice in February 1221 as the author of a letter to Hubert de Burgh informing him of the route taken by the rebel Earl of Aumale and of the measures that he had adopted to secure the safety of the border. He continued to be employed in a like capacity in later years, being in 1225 the head of six judicial commissions.
He was warden of the honour and castle of Peak and governor of Bolsover Castle in Derbyshire, and also had charge of Orford Castle. He is described as a justice ‘de banco’ in 1226, and as one of the chief members of the king's court, or bench, in 1229, when he sat with other judges at Westminster to hear the case between the convent and the townsmen of Dunstable. There is reason to suppose that in 1234 he was the senior of the justices of the king's bench. In 1239 he is said to have been elected to the see of Lichfield, but, the right of election being then in dispute between the canons of Lichfield and the monks of Coventry, to have declined it.
When in 1240 Henry III sent justices itinerant through the whole kingdom in the hope of raising money by fines and the like, he appointed Robert chief of the justices for the northern division of England. When he and his brother-justices sat at Lincoln they were denounced by the dean of Christianity (or ‘rural dean’) for trying capital cases on Sunday. In return they abused the dean, and caused his goods and the lands of his nieces, his wards, to be seized on behalf of the crown. Bishop Robert Grosseteste wrote him a sharp rebuke for his presumption in dealing thus with a clerk. He again acted as a justice itinerant the following year.
After having gained a high reputation and large possessions, he was seized with paralysis, and retired from office a few years before his death, spending the remainder of his life in prayer and almsgiving. He died on 29 May 1250, and was succeeded by his elder brother John. He founded three chantries in the chapel of St. Thomas the Martyr in Southwell Minster.

</doc>
<doc id="19158798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158798" title="Dougie Arnott">
Dougie Arnott

Douglas "Dougie" Arnott (born 5 August 1964, Lanark, Scotland) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a striker. Arnott's entire career was at Motherwell, spending twelve seasons with the Fir Park club before retiring due to an injury in 1998. In 1990-91, Arnott was part of Motherwell's Scottish Cup-winning side, which was his only senior honour.
On 11 September 2008, Arnott's belated testimonial match went ahead against an Old Firm select. Other players lined up for Arnott's side included former goalkeeper Sieb Dijkstra and defenders Chris McCart and Fraser Wishart, while the Old Firm team included Ally McCoist and Gordon Durie. The Old Firm side won 5-4, in a game which saw Arnott score the first of the match, and Ally McCoist net a hat-trick. Competition winner and Motherwell fan Grant Rough, who won the chance to play for 45 minutes for the Motherwell side during the game in a prize draw, was more involved than he may have liked, he gave away a dubious penalty kick when he felled Billy Dodds in the box, from which Andy Walker scored. 
Retirement.
Since retiring from football, Arnott has purchased a number of pubs, including "The Wee Thackit" in Carluke. 
He now works as the bar manager of the Millennium Suite bar inside Fir Park, Motherwell FC's home ground.

</doc>
<doc id="19158800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158800" title="Jean-François de Gondi">
Jean-François de Gondi

Jean-François de Gondi (1584 – 21 March 1654) was the first archbishop of Paris, from 1622 to 1654.
He was the son of Albert de Gondi and Claude Catherine de Clermont. He was a member of the Gondi family, which had held the bishopric of Paris for nearly a century, and would continue to do so after him. Jean-François succeeded his brother Henri de Gondi. Following his death in Paris, he was succeeded by his nephew Jean-François Paul de Gondi, cardinal of Retz.

</doc>
<doc id="19158814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158814" title="Michael Robotham">
Michael Robotham

Michael Robotham (born 9 November 1960) is an Australian crime fiction writer who was born in Casino, NSW, and went to school in Gundagai and Coffs Harbour. In February 1979 he began a journalism cadetship on The Sun, an afternoon newspaper in Sydney owned by the Fairfax family. He started hi journalism career in the same cadet intake as the award-winning novelist and reporter Geraldine Brooks, who worked for the Sydney Morning Herald.
In 1986, Michael went to London where he worked as a reporter and sub-editor for various UK national newspapers before becoming a staff feature writer on The Mail on Sunday in 1989. He rose to become deputy features editor before resigning in May 1993. He then went on to become a ghostwriter, collaborating on fifteen "autobiographies" for people in the arts, politics, the military and sport. Twelve of these titles became Sunday Times bestsellers. In 1996 he returned to Australia with his family and continued writing full-time. In 2002, a partial manuscript of his first novel THE SUSPECT, became the subject of a bidding war at the London Book Fair. It was later translated into 22 languages and sold over a million copies around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19158816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158816" title="Jeffrey Brillhart">
Jeffrey Brillhart

Jeffrey Brillhart is an American organist and conductor. He has served as Director of Music and Fine Arts at Bryn Mawr Presbyterian Church since January 1983. He is Music Director of Philadelphia's Singing City Choir, one of the first racially and religiously integrated symphonic choirs in America. He teaches organ improvisation at Yale University. He first gained national recognition for his abilities in organ improvisation after winning the 1994 National Competition in Organ Improvisation, sponsored by the American Guild of Organists.
Life.
He earned his MM from the Eastman School of Music, where he studied organ with Russell Saunders and piano with Barbara Lister Sink. A native Iowan, Brillhart has served as Director of Music and Fine Arts at the Bryn Mawr Presbyterian Church since January 1983. His responsibilities at Bryn Mawr Church include directing the Senior Choir and Bryn Mawr Chamber Singers; oversight of the Vespers Series; oversight of all children and youth choirs; the West Philadelphia Children's Choir, and the church's arts outreach and visual arts ministries. He is the church's principal organist.
In June 1999, Brillhart was appointed the fourth Music Director of Singing City, having served as Associate Director in the 1998-99 season, when he worked closely with then Music Director Joseph Flummerfelt. As Music Director, Brillhart provides artistic leadership for a rich program of concerts, educational instruction in local schools, and outreach to diverse communities. He directs the choir and oversees all aspects of Singing City's musical initiatives. During his tenure with Singing City the choir has traveled to Cuba, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, presented more than one hundred-fifty concerts, performed with the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia, and worked with such internationally renowned artists as Helmuth Rilling, Dave Brubeck, Nick Page, Moses Hogan, Andre Thomas, Anton Armstrong, and Weston Noble, and Rossen Milanov. His organ, teaching, and conducting engagements have taken him throughout America, Europe and South America, with engagements in Paris, Philadelphia, San Diego, Seattle, Birmingham, Alabama, Waco, Chicago, Pittsburgh, New York City, Iowa City, Des Moines, Walla Walla, and Worcester, Massachusetts. In May 2006, he made his Pittsburgh Symphony debut in one of the inaugural concerts of the new Dobson Organ in Kimmel Center. 
In May 2005, he was appointed Lecturer in Organ Improvisation at Yale University. His textbook, "Breaking Free: finding a personal language for organ improvisation through 20th-century French improvisation techniques" is published by Wayne Leupold Editions.

</doc>
<doc id="19158860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158860" title="International Pathogenic Neisseria Conference">
International Pathogenic Neisseria Conference

The International Pathogenic "Neisseria" Conference (IPNC) occurs every two years and is a forum for the presentation of cutting-edge research on all aspects of the genus "Neisseria". This includes immunology, vaccinology and physiology and metabolism of "Neisseria meningitidis", "Neisseria gonorrhoeae" and the commensal species. The first IPNC took place in 1978. The location of the conference switched between North America and Europe until 2006 when the venue was located in Cairns, Australia.
The 17th International Pathogenic Neisseria Conference (IPNC 2010) will be held in Banff, Alberta, Canada from the 11–16 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19158870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158870" title="Journal of Automata, Languages and Combinatorics">
Journal of Automata, Languages and Combinatorics

The Journal of Automata, Languages and Combinatorics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of computer science, edited by Jürgen Dassow. It was established in 1965 as the "Journal of Information Processing and Cybernetics/Elektronische Informationsverarbeitung und Kybernetik" and obtained its current title in 1996 with volume numbering reset to 1. The main focus of the journal is on a subfield of theoretical computer science, namely on automata theory, formal language theory, and combinatorics.
Bibliographic databases indexing the journal include the ACM Guide to Computing Literature and the Digital Bibliography & Library Project.
Most cited articles.
According to Google Scholar, the following articles have been cited most often (≥ 100 times):

</doc>
<doc id="19158884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158884" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's triple jump">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's triple jump

These are the official results of the Men's Triple Jump event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 39 participating athletes, with the final held on Wednesday 25 August 1999.
Qualification.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19158892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158892" title="1972–73 Rangers F.C. season">
1972–73 Rangers F.C. season

The 1972–73 season was the 76th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview.
Rangers played a total of 53 competitive matches during the 1972–73 season. The season was the club's centenary year. After a stuttering start to the league campaign, three defeats and a draw from the first six matches, the sides fortunes greatly improved. From October to the end of the season Rangers suffered only one league defeat, at home to Hearts on 2 December 1972, and went on a run of sixteen wins. However this run was not enough to become league champions as the side finished second, one point behind Celtic.
In the cup competitions, the Scottish Cup campaign was to culminate in a 3–2 win over Celtic. The final was attended by Princess Alexandra along with 122,714 other spectators. It was Rangers first Scottish Cup win in seven years. The League Cup run was ended in the semi-finals at the hands of Hibernian after a 1-0 defeat.
This season also saw compete in the first ever European Super Cup. The side played the European Cup holders Ajax in January 1973. The Dutch side were the only continental opposition the side faced that season due to the club's European competition ban. In the end Ajax proved to strong and recorded a 6–3 aggregate win, with Rangers losing 1–3 at Ibrox and 3–2 in Amsterdam.
Results.
All results are written with Rangers' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="19158898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158898" title="VPRO/Boy Edgar Award">
VPRO/Boy Edgar Award

The VPRO/Boy Edgar Award, is an annual award given to a Dutch jazz musician, composer, or bandleader. The individual must have made significant contributions to the Dutch jazz scene over a significant period of time. The award is a sculpture by Dutch fine artist Jan Wolkers, and a cash prize of 12,500 euros. It is widely regarded as the Netherlands' most prestigious and honorable jazz award. The award is given under the auspicies of the VPRO and Music Center the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19158925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158925" title="Claude Catherine de Clermont">
Claude Catherine de Clermont

Claude Catherine de Clermont-Tonnerre de Vivonne (1543 – 18 February 1603), lady of Dampierre, countess and duchess of Retz, was a French noblewoman and salon host.
Life.
She was born in Paris, the only child of Claude de Clermont-Tonnerre and of Jeanne de Vivonne. At 18, she married Jean d’Annebaut, but found herself widowed at 20 after he was killed in the battle of Dreux. Beautiful and courteous, Catherine was made lady in waiting to queen Catherine de' Medici, then governess to Catherine's children. She was the Governess of the Children of France. 
She acquired a great reputation as an intellectual, becoming known as the "10th Muse" and the "4th Grace". The Croix du Maine wrote that "she deserved to be in the first rank of those learned and well-versed in poetry, oratory, philosophy, mathematics, history and other sciences". She spoke Latin, Greek and several living languages. In 1573, when ambassadors from Poland came to see the duke of Anjou, she publicly replied to them in Latin on behalf of the queen-mother and her speech took on those of René de Birague and the comte de Chverny, who replied on behalf of Charles IX and the duke of Anjou.
She married for a second time, to Albert de Gondi, duc de Retz, and during his absence assembled troops at his expense to drive off robbers threatening his lands, led them herself and forced the robbers to take flight. Their children included Jean-François de Gondi (later archbishop of Paris) and Claude-Marguerite de Gondi (later Marquise de Maignelay and patroness of the Madelonnettes Convent). Holding a salon and regularly attending the sittings of the Académie du Palais, she was also a patroness of the arts, supporting the foundation of Jean-Antoine de Baïf's Académie de musique et de poésie in 1570. She circulated her own writings mostly in manuscript, so that little of it has been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19158938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158938" title="Newton Road railway station">
Newton Road railway station

Newton Road railway station was a station of the London and North Western Railway in Sandwell between West Bromwich and Great Barr, England. It lay between Hamstead and the later Tame Bridge Parkway stations on the Chase Line.
As one of the original Grand Junction Railway stations, Newton Road opened in 1837 (at ; ) but under subsequent LNWR control, it was deemed that a more suitable site should be found, and the station was shifted a short distance north-west along the track in 1863 to the junction of Ray Hall Lane with the railway (at ; ; a location now buried under the M5 motorway). 
However, this move yielded few dividends in passenger numbers, so the station was shifted back near its original position on Newton Road in 1902, where it stayed until final closure in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19158946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158946" title="Lucky Oceans">
Lucky Oceans

Lucky Oceans is a pedal steel guitarist and a former member of Country/Western Swing band Asleep at the Wheel. He is now a broadcaster in Perth, Western Australia with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation
His presence on the local music scene stretches from his early music to being a member of local group the Zydecats.
Biography.
Early life.
Oceans was born Reuben Gosfield in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on 21 April 1951 to Eugene (a salesman at an aluminium fabricating company) and Phyllis (a drama teacher). Three out of their four children are musicians, with Avery specialising in early music for the recorder (based in Milan), Anne a modern composer and improviser on keyboards (based in New York) and Josh Gosfield a visual artist, who does a lot of music connected work: cover art and video art direction. 
In 1977 he met a young Australian photographer from 'The Boston Globe', Christine Haddow, whom he married in 1979 and had a daughter, Leela.
Asleep at the Wheel.
In 1969, Ray Benson and Oceans co-founded Asleep at the Wheel in Paw Paw, West Virginia, and soon after they found themselves opening for Alice Cooper and Hot Tuna in Washington, DC. A year later, they moved to East Oakland, California at the invitation of Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen. After being mentioned in Rolling Stone magazine by Van Morrison, they landed a record deal with United Artists. In 1973, their debut album, "Comin' Right at Ya" was released by United Artists. At the request of Willie Nelson, they left Oakland and moved to Austin, Texas in 1974.
In 1974, they released their second album, "Asleep at the Wheel" with a cover of Louis Jordan's "Choo Choo Ch'Boogie", which was their first single to hit the country charts. The following year saw the release of "Texas Gold" as the group's third album with the top-ten Country hit single The Letter That Johnny Walker Read. In addition, they played on PBS's "Austin City Limits", where they have since performed a record-setting ten times. The band released their next album, "Wheelin' and Dealin'" in 1976 with their cover version of the classic "Route 66" garnered a Grammy nomination. In 1977, the band was voted "Best Country Western Band" by Rolling Stone Magazine and was awarded the "Touring Band of the Year" by the Academy of Country Music. They also went on tour with Emmylou Harris in Europe. The following year, they made a cover of Count Basie's song "One O'Clock Jump". Also in 1978, they appeared in the movie "Roadie", along with Meat Loaf, Blondie and Art Carney. By the end of the decade, the band recorded their first live album "Served Live" at the Austin Opera House.
As member of the Asleep at the Wheel he won the Grammy Award for the 'Best Country Instrumental' in 1978 for the band's remake of Count Basie's "One O'clock Jump".
Australian career.
In 1980 he moved to his wife's hometown of Fremantle, Western Australia 
On his arrival in Australia, Oceans became a member of Jim Fisher's band Outlaws, later joining Anna Gare in Nansing and the Jam Tarts, before finally uniting with guitarist Kent 'Beast' Hughes (Steve Tallis) to form the band, Dude Ranch in 1987. Oceans and Hughes were joined by Richard Danker on bass, Gary France on drums and Peter Busher on guitars and vocals.
His current band Zydecats was formed in 1993 a few years after he began playing the button-accordion. The Zydecats started when Lucky approached Bill Rogers (vocals, saxphone and harmonica) to play some Zydeco together with fellow Dude Ranch member, Hughes. Their idea was to combine Zydeco with 'Cat' music – swing, jump blues and rockabilly, plus any other style that suited the line-up, including rock and roll, country blues, soul, R&B, Cajun and New Orleans R&B. They were initially joined by France (Dude Ranch) during the formative stages and first few gigs but France was replaced by Evan Jenkins (a graduate from the Edith Cowan University jazz course). Jenkins and fellow ECU graduate, Paul Binns, were the Zydecats' rhythm section for the first year, but were eventually replaced by Konrad Park and Ben Franz. Park was later replaced by drummer, Ric Eastman, whilst Franz was replaced by Graeme Bell on bass. 
In 1993 he won a second Grammy Award ('Best Country Performance by a Duo') with Asleep at the Wheel for the band's collaboration with Lyle Lovett on "Blues for Dixie" from the 1993 album "A Tribute to Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys".
Lucky was inducted into the WAMi 'Rock n' Roll of Renown’ in 1994 and thus into the WAM Hall of Fame in 2004.
In 1995, despite having had no previous experience, Lucky began work as presenter for the daily radio show 'The Planet', on Radio National, which features an eclectic mix of music from around the world, and is the only daily Perth-based radio program that broadcasts nationally. In 2001, he presented a six episode spin-off TV series of the same name on ABC TV, in which he played a significant creative role due to his vast knowledge of international music; knowledge which he also shares as co-ordinator of the World Music Cultures course at the University of Western Australia.
Guillain-Barre Syndrome.
In October 2008 Oceans was placed in critical care in the United States after coming down with a rare and debilitating nerve condition. Oceans, whilst visiting family, was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome, a rare disorder with no known cause that affects the nervous system. He was admitted to the Abington Memorial Hospital in Pennsylvania, where he began treatment. In an email to his colleagues Oceans advised:
In March 2009 Lucky posted a story of the sickness and recovery on the ABC website including links and details for the curious about Guillain-Barre Syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19158954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158954" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1917–1921">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1917–1921

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1917 election and the 1921 election, together known as the 10th Parliament. 

</doc>
<doc id="19158955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158955" title="Emilio Kovačić">
Emilio Kovačić

Emilio Kovačić (born January 11, 1968, in Zadar, Croatia) is a former Croatian professional basketball player. A 2.08 m center with great rebounding skills and decent defensive abilities, he played many years in the Euroleague for KK Zadar, KK Zrinjevac, Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna,
Union Olimpija and KK Cibona. He played American university basketball in NAIA teams Grand Canyon Antelopes and Biola Eagles, as well as NCAA team Arizona State Sun Devils.
He won Krešimir Ćosić Cup 1997-98 with KK Zadar. In 2001 Kovačić was MVP of Slovenian Cup finals.
Kovačić was a regular member of the Croatian national team and won the bronze medal in the 1993 Eurobasket. He also participated in 1997 and 2001 Eurobasket.
Emilio Kovačić was hired in June 2013 as an international scouting consultant for the Phoenix Suns.

</doc>
<doc id="19158957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158957" title="PAGCOR Tower">
PAGCOR Tower

The Pagcor Tower (Tagalog: "Tore ng PAGCOR") was a proposal for a tall observation tower near Manila Bay in Manila, Philippines. The tower was meant to be constructed as the landmark of the now under construction Pagcor City (or Entertainment City Manila), an integrated leisure area with hotels, shopping malls, convention centers and casinos. The project was scrapped, along with a few other projects included in the PAGCOR City megaproject.

</doc>
<doc id="19158961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158961" title="Pandy, Powys">
Pandy, Powys

Pandy is a small village in Powys, Mid Wales located off the main A470 road near Llanbrynmair.

</doc>
<doc id="19158962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158962" title="François Grudé">
François Grudé

François Grudé (born 1552, Le Mans), lord of la Croix du Maine, was a French writer and bibliographer. He wrote under the Latin pseudonym "Grucithanius".

</doc>
<doc id="19158967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158967" title="Communauté de communes du Pays de la Faïence de Desvres">
Communauté de communes du Pays de la Faïence de Desvres

The communauté de communes du Pays de la Faïence de Desvres is a "communauté de communes" in the Pas-de-Calais "département" and in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais "region" of France.
Composition.
This "Communauté de communes" comprises 23 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19158981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158981" title="Seatwave">
Seatwave

Seatwave is an online scalper service operating in the European market. It was founded by Joe Cohen in 2006, and allows the purchase and sale of tickets to live events including music, theatre and sport.
Seatwave acts as the middleman, with buyers and sellers never having contact with one another, but the site guarantees all tickets. If a buyer pays for tickets that never arrive, the company will find replacement tickets or issue a full refund. The company also guarantees that all tickets come from legitimate sources. Sellers are not paid for their ticket sales until after the event has occurred and buyers have gained entrance.
Founder and investors.
Seatwave was founded by Joe Cohen, formerly of Match.com and Ticketmaster, in May 2006 and began online trading in February 2007. In its first year, 35,000 tickets were sold, generating an annual turnover of almost £4m. The company secured $25 million in February 2008 in a Series C funding round led by Fidelity Ventures and including existing investors Atlas Venture, Mangrove Capital Partners and AdInvest. On 1 June 2009, Seatwave announced it had raised $17 million in fourth round Series D of funding. taking the company’s funding total to $53 million / €38 million.
By the end of 2010, Seatwave had recorded cumulative losses of €40 million. This left Seatwave in a negative cash position with current liabilities exceeding cash and accounts receivable. As a result, the company was forced to restructure. SW fired employees and cut expenses. In addition, Seatwave called upon its existing investors for a $4 million emergency line of credit to cover its cash shortfall. Part of SW’s recent financial difficulty can be attributed to the recently publicized issues with its financial controller. According to court filings the controller was fired after being “the victim of a fraud when approximately €1.7m was lost from its German bank account” 
Seatwave was featured on Media Momentum's "Ones to Watch" list in 2008 and in 2009, won their "Fastest Growing Company Award & Best Management" Award. Seatwave was awarded Online Business of the Year award in the Fast Growth Business Media Awards 2009 and was awarded first place in the inaugural Tech Media Invest 100 in 2009, in association with The Guardian, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Kemp Little and Europe Unlimited.
Business strategy.
In early 2009, Seatwave founder Joe Cohen stated that the company's strategy would be to avoid pressure from investors to cut burn and run at bare minimum Opex levels, to try to think from their customers' point of view, to push publishers to minimize their prices, and to optimize the company's execution.
The company ran a national advertising campaign on radio and in print media, and in March 2010 launched its first TV ad.
The company invested millions of pounds into national TV campaigns, and by the end of 2010 was dealing with a cash shortfall. In February 2011, the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) concluded that the ad breached the UK Code of Broadcast Advertising and banned Seatwave from airing the advert in its current form in February 2011.
Board appointments.
Marty Pompadour joined the company as a non-executive director in 2008 but resigned on 23 June 2010. Seatwave's annual report, 31 December 2009, P4
Board members also include Fred Destin, a blogger who often writes about Seatwave. Destin was a partner at Atlas Venture’s London office when the firm made its initial investment in Seatwave back in 2006. In 2010, Atlas Ventures closed its London office and Destin relocated to Boston.
Official partnerships.
To prevent football hooliganism, the resale of football tickets in the UK was made illegal within the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994. Resale of football tickets is only legal when expressly permitted by the individual club. As of 2011, Seatwave is the approved secondary ticket partner of Fulham FC.
Seatwave has partnered with Grand Union Management who manage artists including The Enemy and Reverend and the Makers.
Position on other ticketing operations.
Joe Cohen criticised the 2009 merger of Live Nation Entertainment and Ticketmaster. Having been unsuccessful in preventing the deal, Cohen continues to act as a spokesman for Seatwave, most recently in the area of paperless ticketing. At an online marketing conference in early 2011 he expressed concern at the merged company’s intentions in this area.
Cohen, however, approved of the Live Nation / Festival Republic announcement on May 2, 2011 that they were going to begin posting tickets to customers "as soon as possible", breaking from the practice of waiting until 7–10 days before the event before sending out tickets.
Cohen also criticised the resale of the London 2012 Summer Olympics tickets in the press. London 2012 will be operating an official face value ticket exchange, however Cohen predicted a strong black market for the tickets, asserting that a fixed price is not an "accurate reflection of the market and therefore there will be very little liquidity and very little trading on that exchange"
In early 2011 Joe Cohen commented at a conference of online marketers that dynamic pricing was too difficult a problem to solve in ticketing.
As of 2009, some consumers had purchased tickets for over 250 events at prices below face value, and some tickets to Britney Spears, Madonna, Six Nations, Twenty20 World Cup, Oasis and Take That were exchanged for less than their original prices 
Testimony at 2007 Parliamentary enquiry.
In 2007, the UK’s Department for Culture, Media and Sport appointed a Select Committee to investigate the secondary ticketing market and outline recommendations on legislating the industry. On 10 January 2008, the Select Committee published a report which summarised their findings. They identified 12 key benefits and 14 key detriments for consumers. Seatwave testified at the inquiry where Joe Cohen presented his view on the secondary market.
In April 2008, the government responded to the Select Committee’s reports supporting the findings that legislation should be a last resort, identifying a need for the primary ticketing market to be improved and urging all players in the industry to work together to develop a voluntary code of principles. Seatwave has declined to join any trade association connected with secondary ticketing in Europe, citing fundamental differences.

</doc>
<doc id="19158988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158988" title="Transfiguration Monastery">
Transfiguration Monastery

The Transfiguration Monastery (, "Preobrazhenski manastir") or the Monastery of the Holy Transfiguration of God (манастир "Свето Преображение Господне", "manastir "Sveto Preobrazhenie Gospodne"") is an Eastern Orthodox monastery located in the Dervent gorge of the Yantra River. It lies near the village of Samovodene, seven kilometres north of Veliko Tarnovo, in central northern Bulgaria. It is one of the five stauropegic monasteries of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church.
It is thought that the monastery was founded in the 11th century AD as a cloister of the Vatopedi monastery on Mount Athos. In 1360, when Tarnovo was the capital of the Second Bulgarian Empire and the traditions of hesychasm were popular in Bulgaria, it became an autonomous monastery on the order of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria. This is legendarily tied to the charity of Ivan Alexander's second wife Sarah-Theodora and their son Ivan Shishman, a reason to also call the monastery "Sarah's" or "Shishman's" monastery.
After the Ottoman conquest of Bulgaria, the monastery was plundered and burned several times by the Turks and eventually entirely destroyed. It was only reestablished in 1825 by father Zoticus of the Rila Monastery by means of donations. In 1832, a firman of the Ottoman sultan allowed the construction of a new monastery church; the church was designed by the noted Bulgarian National Revival architect Kolyu Ficheto and completed in 1834. The cross-shaped church features three apses, a single dome and a covered narthex. The icons and frescoes of the main church were painted by another famous artist, Zahari Zograf, who worked in the monastery between 1849 and 1851, after he finished his decoration of the Troyan Monastery. Among the more notable murals are those of the Last Judgment, the Wheel of Life, the Birth of the Mother of God, the Last Supper. Zograf also painted Saints Cyril and Methodius, as well as a self-portrait. In addition, the main church was richly decorated on the outside and a wood-carved and gold-plated iconostasis was installed.
Between 1858 and 1863 Kolyu Ficheto constructed the seven-bell belfry, the residential buildings and the main entrance, as well as the underground chapel of Saint Andrew the First-called and the small Church of the Annunciation on top of it, with icons by Zahari Zograf's nephew Stanislav Dospevski.

</doc>
<doc id="19158999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158999" title="Stahlbahnwerke Freudenstein">
Stahlbahnwerke Freudenstein

Stahlbahnwerke Freudenstein is a defunct German railway company.
Company history.
The company was founded in 1891 by the merchant Julius Freudenstein; until then, Freudenstein had worked for Orenstein & Koppel. Originally, the company traded in track and materials for railways. 
In 1895 Freudenstein acquired a small manufacturing facility in Tempelhof, Berlin for the construction of its own locomotives. At the same time, the company became a limited company.
The production of the company's own locomotives was only a stopgap, that was without great success, even with an order for Prussian state railway supplies. In 1905 Freudenstein merged with Orenstein & Koppel. This led shortly afterward to liquidation and closure of Freudenstein's plant at Tempelhof.
Production figures.
The last definite works number is FNr.238, built in 1905. 
It is currently not known the exact number of locomotives that were built by Freudenstein but it is estimated to be approximately 250, 5 are known to be preserved:

</doc>
<doc id="19159011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159011" title="Antoine du Verdier">
Antoine du Verdier

Antoine du Verdier (1544 – 25 September 1600), lord of Vauprivast, was a French politician and writer.
Du Verdier was born in Montbrison, Loire. He was conseiller du roi and controller-general in Lyon, but is best known for his work as a bibliographer alongside his friend and contemporary François Grudé.

</doc>
<doc id="19159031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159031" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's triple jump">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's triple jump

These are the official results of the Women's Triple Jump event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 26 participating athletes, with the final held on Tuesday 24 August 1999.
Qualification.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19159039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159039" title="Maren">
Maren

Maren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159043" title="Baron Henri Hottinguer">
Baron Henri Hottinguer

Baron Henri Hottinguer, was born at castle Piple on 15 September 1868, the first-born son of Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer. He had a long and prosperous life, and during his era the bank, Hottinger & Cie, accomplished many achievements. He took control of Hottinger and Cie around the age of 52, following the death of his father. 
Like his grandfather and his father, at the age of 20 he prepared for his first great voyage bound for England, where he would study finance at Oxford University. After completing his education, he went to the United States of America. Like all the barons in the family, Hottinguer had to do this voyage. During his time in America he was successful, he established many contacts that would help in the future. Also, like some of his predecessors, he would meet an American woman who would become his wife, Marian Hall Munroe, daughter of banker John Munroe. His journeys did not stop there, he would go on a prolonged tour around Europe, by traveling to Lithuania and Russia.
Under his direction, Hottinger & Cie confounded the Banque de l'Union Parisienne, which then merged with the Crédit du Nord. He was one of the leading parties in the funding of the Trans-Siberian Railway. 
He died suddenly on 21 July 1943. He was succeeded by his oldest son Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer (1902-1985).
See also House of Hottinguer and Hottinger chronology.

</doc>
<doc id="19159056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159056" title="18th Tony Awards">
18th Tony Awards

The 18th Annual Tony Awards took place on May 24, 1964 in the New York Hilton in New York City. The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WWOR-TV (Channel 9) in New York City.The host was Sidney Blackmer and the Masters of Ceremonies were Steve Lawrence and Robert Preston.
The ceremony.
Presenters: George Abbott, Lauren Bacall, Anne Bancroft, Harry Belafonte, Constance Bennett, Georgia Brown, David Burns, Richard Burton, Mindy Carson, Peggy Cass, Barbara Cook, Sammy Davis Jr., Paul Ford, Robert Goulet, Arthur Hill, Robert Horton, Shirley Knight, Carol Lawrence, Hal March, Mercedes McCambridge, Roddy McDowall, Molly Picon, Lee Remick, Cyril Ritchard, Paul Scofield, Martha Scott, Zachary Scott, Rip Torn, Gwen Verdon.
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19159079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159079" title="Lion Air destinations">
Lion Air destinations

--Lion Air currently serves the following destinations (as of January 2014):
Destination
Indonesia
Malaysia
Singapore
 Thailand
Vietnam
Philippine
Bangladesh
India
Saudi Arabia

</doc>
<doc id="19159087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159087" title="Mandan Mishra">
Mandan Mishra

Dr. Mandan Mishra was a noted Sanskrit scholar from India and founder of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri Rashtriya Sanskrit Vidyapeetha. In 2000 he was awarded Padma Shri by Government of India for his excellent and devoted work in the field of Sanskrit.
Early life.
He was born on June 7, 1929 in a small village (Hanutiya) around 50 km away from Jaipur in who made it very big in the world for his dedicated work in Sanskrit. His father was a Hindu Scholar and mother a house wife. He is the eldest of the 5 brothers and 2 sisters. He was married to bharti mishra. He took his last breath on 15 November 2001. He was survived with 1 daughter (recently expired) and 3 sons.his eldest son shri bhaskar mishra is a professor in Sanskrit at the lal bahadur shastri university. His second son shri ravi mishra is serving as the general manager in jk tyres and the third son shri Arun Mishra is a businessman. Dr. Mandan Mishra took his primary education from Amarsar and high education under the guidance of Shri Pattabhiramshastriji. The relationship and the principle of this teacher-student is famous all over the world.
His career.
He was the only Vice Chancellor of such repute that almost all Presidents and Prime Ministers of India appreciated his knowledge and dedication towards Sanskrit language. Under his guidance and leadership a group went to USA to promote Sanskrit as a language.
Dr. Mandan Mishra started his career asa lecturer in Maharaja Sanskrit College, Jaipur. He was later upgraded as a Professor. Dr. Mandan Mishra was elected as Minister in 1956 and Minister-in-Chief in 1959 to All India Sanskrit Literature Association, a representative Association of Sanskrit established by Pt. Madan Mohan Malaviya. By then All India Sanskrit Literature Association was in dire need of a young leader like Dr. Mishra. He put in a new column of energy to the Association and opened branches in all the States. Shastri ji obtained the services of Dr. Mandan Mishra from the Government of Rajasthan for his great task and appointed him as a permanent Director of the Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri Sanskrit Vidhyapeetha.
World Sanskrit Century plan was commissioned under his direction and that gave rise to a new era of Sanskrit in the country. An historical session of all India Sanskrit Literature Association could also be materialized in Calcutta in 1961, which was inaugurated by the first President of India Dr. Rajendra Prasad, due to his noble efforts and initiative. This session came out as a milestone for the development of Sanskrit and concluded with the noble decision of establishing a Sanskrit Vidyapeetha in New Delhi.
On the insistence of Dr. Rajendra Prasad eminent personalities like the then chairperson of the association Shri Narahari Vishnu, Governor of Punjab, Shri Balawant Nagesh Dattar, Minister of State for Home, Government of India, Shri Shanti Prasad, a great Industrialist etc. sought the services of Dr. Mishra in New Delhi from Government of Rajasthan as a result of which he came to Delhi and founded Sanskrit Vidyapeetha in New Delhi in 1962.
There was no provision of providing assistance to Sanskrit Institutions during that time. Each Institution would then be getting a maximum of Rs.1000/- as assistance per annum from Delhi Government. With Dr. Mishra’s noble effort, Delhi administration decided to extend 95% assistance to all the Sanskrit Institutions. As a result of which, each Sanskrit Institution today is getting lakhs of rupees as assistance from Government. Dr. Mishra took with himself the confidence of all the institutions simultaneously along with him.
Fortunately Prime Minister of India Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri accepted the chairmanship of All India Sanskrit Literature Association and Dr Mishra was again elected as its Minister-in-Chief. On a request from Shri Shastriji, Dr. Mishra do away with the desire of an imminent foreseeable power in politics which would otherwise be bestowed upon him on the basis of his 17 years of selfless Service in Rajasthan and the reputation he had won amongst social sectors and public at large and dedicated his entire life for Sanskrit.
After unexpected demise of Shri Shastriji, with Dr. Mishra’s effort and request from Dr. Sampurnanandaji, Smt. Indira Gandhi took over as President of the Association and Vidyapeetha and in the honour of Shri Shastri he renamed the Vidyapeetha as Lal Bahadur Shastri Sanskrit Vidyapeetha and dedicated it to the Government of India. Dr. Mishra remained the founder director of the Institution. His consistent efforts bring in Delhi Vidyapeetha adequate progress and it became a deemed university in 1989.
On 23 June 1989 the Government appointed Dr. Mishra as its first Vice-Chancellor. He started his life’s journey from an evening school and got his first retirement as vice-chancellor in June 1994 and again Uttar Pradesh Administration appointed Dr. Mishra as vice-chancellor of Sampurnananda Sanskrit University, Varanasi on 1 January 1996 which glorifies Dr. Mishra’s personality.
More than three years of his tenure there would remain remarkable in history of the University forever. He conducted timely examinations, regular sessions, publication of 115 books, completion of Saraswati temple and its enlighten ceremony, conducting two religious observance ceremony in the presence of two Presidents of India, Shri Sankar Dayal Sharma and Shri K. R. Narayanan as chief guests are rare incidents in the history of the University. Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi’s presence was also remarkable there.
Dr. Mishra founded Shri Pattaviram Shastri Veda Mimansa Research Centre in Varanasi paying as a homage to popular master sheer Acharya Shri Pattaviram Shastri that is in operation from a newly constructed grand building in Varanasi. Kanchi Sankaracharya also nominated him as the founder chairman of the center.
Passing.
He died serving the Rajasthan Government as Vice Chancellor, Rajasthan Sanskrit University.

</doc>
<doc id="19159108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159108" title="Gloster Grouse">
Gloster Grouse

The Gloster Grouse was a British biplane of the 1920s developed by the Gloster Aircraft Company. Often referred to as the prototype to the Gloster Grebe, the Grouse originally built as an experimental aircraft and then later developed as a trainer. Despite its compact design and maneuverability, the Grouse was not in itself a commercial success, although it formed the basis for the Gloster Grebe and Gamecock fighters which were used by Britain's Royal Air Force into the 1930s.
Design and development.
The design of the Gloster Grouse was an experiment to combine the advantages of the monoplane with those of a biplane. It was designed by English aviation engineer and aircraft designer Henry Folland, the designer of the S.E.5 among other aircraft. The top wing had a thick, high lift aerofoil, while the bottom wing was smaller, with a thinner medium lift aerofoil set at a smaller angle of attack than the upper wing. This arrangement was meant to produce high lift for take-off with low drag.
To test this arrangement, new wings were fitted to a modified Gloster Sparrowhawk fuselage to produce the Gloster Grouse. The resulting aircraft was a small biplane with single bay wooden wings. The fuselage was rather short, and while the aircraft used the fuselage of a two-seat Sparrowhawk II, the forward cockpit was faired over, leaving a single seat for the pilot in an open cockpit.The Grouse retained the Bentley BR2 rotary engine of the Sparrowhawk driving a two blade propeller.
The prototype Grouse Mk I (registration "G-EAYN") first flew in 1923, proving during testing that Folland's theories were correct. After evaluation by the RAF, orders were placed for three fighter derivatives, to be powered by Armstrong Siddeley Jaguar radial engines, designated Gloster Grebe.
In 1924, Gloster rebuilt the Grouse into a two seat basic trainer, the Grouse II, powered by an Armstrong Siddeley Lynx radial to replace the RAFs aging Avro 504s, emerging in this form in 1925.
Operational history.
The Grouse II was unsuccessful in meeting the RAF's needs, a new version of the Avro 504, the 504N, also powered by the Lynx engine, being preferred. The Swedish Army Aviation Company purchased the Grouse II prototype as an advanced trainer. The aircraft was delivered just a short time before the Swedish Air Force was founded in the summer of 1926. During its time in Sweden, it only flew 109 hours. The pilots were impressed with the good performance of the aircraft, but no more Gloster Grouses were provided to the Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19159109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159109" title="Park Jong-Hwan">
Park Jong-Hwan

Park Jong-Hwan ( born 9 February 1938) is a South Korean football manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19159115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159115" title="Chris McCart">
Chris McCart

Christopher 'Chris' McCart (born 17 April 1967 in Baillieston) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a defender. He was voted player of the year in 1991. McCart spent most of his career with Motherwell, spending twelve seasons with the Fir Park club before a short spell with Falkirk. In 1990-91, McCart was part of Motherwell's Scottish Cup-winning side, while also winning the Scottish Challenge Cup with Falkirk in 1997-98. After retiring from playing, McCart held a youth coaching role at former club Motherwell before joining Celtic as head of youth development in June 2008 following the death of Tommy Burns.
On 11 September 2008, McCart played for a Motherwell side in Dougie Arnott's belated testimonial match against an Old Firm select.
Honours.
1989/90 

</doc>
<doc id="19159132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159132" title="Communauté de communes de la Terre des Deux Caps">
Communauté de communes de la Terre des Deux Caps

The communauté de communes de la Terre des Deux Caps was created on December 17, 2001 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
It comprises the following 21 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19159134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159134" title="András Littay">
András Littay

András Littay (15 August 1884 Szabadka (Subotica), Austria-Hungary – 21 July 1967 Melbourne, Australia) was a Hungarian General during World War II. He was professor at the Budapest Military Academy and Commander of the VII Army Corps, the Deputy Minister of Defence, the Royal Hungarian Privy Councilor, a member of the Order of Vitéz

</doc>
<doc id="19159155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159155" title="1995 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1995 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Carlos Moyà defeated Félix Mantilla 6–0, 6–3 to win the 1995 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Àlex Corretja was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19159192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159192" title="Biowaste">
Biowaste

Biowaste may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159209" title="Phreesia">
Phreesia

Phreesia is a patient-intake solution for doctors and patients to electronically store and enter health data. Phreesia, Inc. is a privately held company founded in 2005 by Chaim Indig and Evan Roberts. The company is based in New York City and has less than 100 employees. The company also has a sales office in Ontario, Canada. It is financially backed by HLM Venture Partners and Polaris Partners.
Phreesia replaces a standard doctor's office clipboard with a PhreesiaPad – a colorful touch-screen wireless device reminiscent of an etch-a-sketch. Patients check-in using the PhreesiaPad to fill out the necessary medical records and patient history intake forms. Offices manage their patients' private health data using a back-end web portal. Phreesia offers both ad-sponsored and free educational health content on the PhreesiaPad once a patient has completed an intake form. 
Phreesia is the recipient of a 2007 DEMOgod award and Chaim Indig, CEO, was named one of "BusinessWeek's" "Best Young Tech Entrepreneurs" in April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19159217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159217" title="TriGeo Network Security">
TriGeo Network Security

TriGeo Network Security is a United States-based provider of security information and event management (SIEM) technology. The company helps midmarket organizations proactively protect networks and data from internal and external threats, with a SIEM appliance that provides real-time log management and automated network defense - from the perimeter to the endpoint.
TriGeo’s appliance-based solution combines security event management, security information management and log management and intelligence into a single device.
History.
The company’s first major commercial product release, TriGeo Security Information Manager (SIM), debuted in January 2002 to help users automatically identify, notify and respond to suspicious behavior, policy violations, and network attacks. TriGeo’s SIM solution has evolved since its debut, introducing its 64bit SIM appliance and provides real-time analysis for network infrastructure devices such as deep packet inspection firewalls, intrusion detection and intrusion prevention data.
In July 2011, the company was acquired by SolarWinds, a developer and marketer of network, applications and storage management software.
Focus.
TriGeo SIM is sold exclusively to midmarket organizations and targets a variety of businesses including banks, credit unions, retailers, government agencies, utilities, education, media and entertainment companies, and healthcare providers. The company also offers several add-on features including its nDepth, nSight and USB-Defender products, which support additional functionality and security.
Security Information Manager (SIM) addresses industry-specific remediation requirements by monitoring firewalls, intrusion detection systems, intrusion prevention systems, routers, switches, VPNs, servers, anti-virus software, and workstation activity. By providing broad device coverage and multiple device event correlation, SIM can accurately detect anomalous behavior with a low false positive rate. Once an unauthorized or suspicious activity is identified, SIM instantly notifies and transmits security alerts via e-mail, cell phones, pagers, and handheld devices. Also, the technology can be configured to automatically respond by blocking an IP address, routing traffic, quarantining a workstation from the rest of the network or controlling applications and access control services based on user-defined rules and active defense policies. TriGeo SIM also has reporting capabilities for emerging compliance mandates like Sarbanes-Oxley, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS).
TriGeo nDepth, which combines log aggregation and archiving with real-time event correlation and proactive response, gives businesses the ability to forensically search through log data from multiple devices for specific information and events.
TriGeo nSight, powered by Qliktech, is a business intelligence solution that gives companies the ability to drill down into and correlate log data to discover new threats and improve network visibility.
TriGeo’s USB-Defender blocks unauthorized USB drive and device use and alerts administrators to USB violations, helping prevent the theft of corporate data and the introduction of external viruses onto the network.
Partners.
Check Point, COMPUTERLINKS, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, McAfee, Microsoft, PhoenixDatacom, Qliktech, Sun Microsystems, Symantec, TippingPoint, VMWare and Websense.
Selected Customers.
Alliant Credit Union, American Bank and Trust Company, Bakers Footwear, Bank of McKenney, Chicago Stock Exchange, DirecTV, Castle Rock Broadcast Center, Fairwinds Credit Union, Farmers & Merchants Bank, First Arkansas Bank, First National Bank – Cortez, First Savings Bank of Renton, Fort Sill Federal Credit Union, Georgia’s Own Credit Union, Hitachi Medical Systems America (HMSA), Maverik Inc., MyBank - Bank of Belen, National Research Corporation, NexBank, O'Bannon Bank, Pasadena Federal Credit Union, San Diego County Credit Union, Santa Fe Bank, Fiserv, Inc., Stillwater National Bank, National Aquarium in Baltimore, TruMark Financial Credit Union, United Community Bank, United States Postal Service Federal Credit Union, Upper Chesapeake Health, Wilsons Leather, Windsor Management Group
Industry Acronyms.
LMI – Log Management and Intelligence<br>
SEM – Security Event Management<br>
SIM – Security Information Management

</doc>
<doc id="19159221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159221" title="Stupidity">
Stupidity

Stupidity is a lack of intelligence, understanding, reason, wit, or sense. 
Stupidity may be innate, assumed, or reactive – a defence against grief or trauma. 
Etymology.
"Stupidity" is a quality or state of being stupid, or an act or idea that exhibits properties of being stupid. The root word "stupid", which can serve as an adjective or noun, comes from the Latin verb "stupere", for being numb or astonished, and is related to "stupor". In Roman culture, the "stupidus" was the professional fall-guy in the theatrical mimes.
According to the online Merriam-Webster dictionary, the words "stupid" and "stupidity" entered the English language in 1541. Since then, stupidity has taken place along with "fool," "idiot," "dumb," "moron," and related concepts as a pejorative appellation for human misdeeds, whether purposeful or accidental, due to absence of mental capacity.
Definition.
The modern English word "stupid" has a broad range of application, from being slow of mind (indicating a lack of intelligence, care or reason), dullness of feeling or sensation (torpidity, senseless, insensitivity), or lacking interest or point (vexing, exasperating). It can either imply a congenital lack of capacity for reasoning, or a temporary state of daze or slow-mindedness.
In "Understanding Stupidity", James F. Welles defines stupidity this way: "The term may be used to designate a mentality which is considered to be informed, deliberate and maladaptive." Welles distinguishes stupidity from ignorance; one must know they are acting in their own worst interest. Secondly, it must be a choice, not a forced act or accident. Lastly, it requires the activity to be maladaptive, in that it is in the worst interest of the actor, and specifically done to prevent adaption to new data or existing circumstances."
Laws of Stupidity.
Carlo Maria Cipolla, an economic historian, is famous for his essays about human stupidity, such as "The Basic Laws of Human Stupidity". He viewed stupid people as a group, more powerful by far than major organizations such as the Mafia and the industrial complex, which without regulations, leaders or manifesto nonetheless manages to operate to great effect and with incredible coordination.
These are Cipolla's five fundamental laws of stupidity:
Playing stupid.
Eric Berne described the game of "Stupid" as having "the thesis...'I laugh with you at my own clumsiness and stupidity.'" He points out that the player has the advantage of lowering other people's expectations, and so evading responsibility and work; but that s/he may still come through under pressure, like the proverbially stupid younger son.
Wilfred Bion considered that psychological projection created a barrier against learning anything new, and thus its own form of pseudo-stupidity.
Intellectual stupidity.
Otto Fenichel maintained that "quite a percentage of so-called feeble-mindedness turns out to be pseudo-debility, conditioned by inhibition...Every intellect begins to show weakness when affective motives are working against it". He suggests that "people become stupid "ad hoc", that is, when they do not "want" to understand, where understanding would cause anxiety or guilt feeling, or would endanger an existing neurotic equilibrium."
In rather different fashion, Doris Lessing argued that "there is no fool like an intellectual...a kind of clever stupidity, bred out of a line of logic in the head, nothing to do with experience."
Persisting in folly.
In the Romantic reaction to Enlightenment wisdom, a valorisation of the irrational, the foolish and the stupid emerged, as in William Blake's dictum that "if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise;" or Jung's belief that "it requires no art to become stupid; the whole art lies in extracting wisdom from stupidity. Stupidity is the mother of the wise, but cleverness never."
Similarly, Michel Foucault argued for the necessity of stupidity to re-connect with what our articulate categories exclude, to recapture the alterity of difference.
In culture.
In comedy.
The fool or buffoon has been a central character in much comedy. Alford and Alford found that humor based on stupidity was prevalent in "more complex" societies as compared to some other forms of humor. Some analysis of Shakespeare's comedy has found that his characters tend to hold mutually contradictory positions; because this implies a lack of careful analysis it indicates stupidity on their part. 
Today there is a wide array of television shows that showcase stupidity such as The Simpsons. Goofball comedy refers to a class of naive, zany humour typified by actor Leslie Nielsen.
In literature.
The first book in English on stupidity was "A Short Introduction to the History of Stupidity" by Walter B. Pitkin (1932):
According to "In Search of Stupidity: Over Twenty Years of High Tech Marketing Disasters," (2003) by Merrill R. Chapman:
"While "In Search of Excellence" turned out to be a fraud, "In Search of Stupidity" is genuine, and no names have been changed to protect the guilty," according to one reviewer.
In film.
"Stupidity" was a 2003 movie directed by Albert Nerenberg. It depicted examples and analyses of stupidity in modern society and media, and sought "to explore the prospect that willful ignorance has increasingly become a strategy for success in the realms of politics and entertainment."
Awards.
The Darwin Awards honour people who ensure the long-term survival of the human race by removing themselves from the gene pool in a sublimely idiotic fashion.
The World Stupidity Awards are granted in several categories: statement, situation, trend, achievement; man, movie, and media outlet.
In technology.
Used as a term to retrospectively apply to an earlier generation of technology. For example "stupid-phone" to apply to a 2.5G mobile or POTS or even a non-cordless phone as opposed to the more modern "smartphones" or cordlesses.

</doc>
<doc id="19159258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159258" title="Kimberley Land Council">
Kimberley Land Council

Kimberley Land Council Aboriginal Corporation ICN 21 is an association of Aboriginal people in the Kimberley region. It was formed at a meeting at Noonkanbah Station in May 1978.
The introduction of the Native Title Act in 1993 saw the KLC as the native title representative body for Kimberley traditional owners.
In the years 1998 to 2007, Federal Court native title litigation was successful for the following claims:
The KLC has also successfully negotiated consent determinations for a number of native title applications including the Uunguu and Dambimangari determinations made in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19159268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159268" title="Minaker">
Minaker

Minaker is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159273" title="Panorama viewer">
Panorama viewer

The Panorama Viewer is a Flash application used to display 360° panoramas on the internet. Using XML, it allows anyone with a digital camera 360° to create audio and visual interactive panoramas, with the ability to add sounds, buttons onto pictures and other flash files.[http://books.google.com/books?id=x1xKAQAAIAAJ&q=%22Panorama+viewer%22+flash+xml&dq=%22Panorama+viewer%22+flash+xml&hl=en&sa=X&ei=IAorT4zdC8KA2wW3pKitDw&ved=0CDwQ6AEwAQ]
How it works.
The Panorama Viewer can be implemented as any other usual Flash file with object and embed tags. It simulates the flat 360° panorama picture into interactivity. It can be used with Lightbox++ to have it in the magnified Lightbox window.
Functionality.
The Panorama Viewer allows the creation of High Resolution pictures with a maximum height of 2880pixels. It simulates a 360° sound with panning in stereo, so different sound sources can be placed onto a 360° panorama, consisting of at least three separate pictures. The user can create objects (go-buttons, info-buttons, flash-objects) and place them onto that panorama.

</doc>
<doc id="19159282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159282" title="Narciso García-Loygorri">
Narciso García-Loygorri

Narciso García-Loygorri y Rizo (5 December 183729 October 1905), the second Duke of Vistahermosa, mayor of Madrid for 50 days in 1890. Served as ambassador in Russia, and also in Helvetia. Senator between 1889 and 1890. By this time, being a Grandee (Grande de España) also implied to be a Senator. He got the Royal and Distinguished Spanish Order of Carlos III, 

</doc>
<doc id="19159283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159283" title="Seoul">
Seoul

Seoul (; — officially the Seoul Special City — is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea. A megacity with a population of more than 10 million, it is the largest city proper in the developed world. The Seoul Capital Area, which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province, is the world's second largest metropolitan area with over 25.6 million people, home to over half of South Koreans along with 632,000 international residents.
Situated on the Han River, Seoul's history stretches back more than 2,000 years when it was founded in 18 BCE by Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. It continued as the capital of Korea under the Joseon Dynasty and the Korean Empire. The Seoul metropolitan area contains four UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Changdeok Palace, Hwaseong Fortress, Jongmyo Shrine and the Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty. Seoul is surrounded by mountains, the tallest being Mt. Bukhan, the world's most visited national park per square foot. Modern landmarks include the iconic N Seoul Tower, Lotte World, the world's second largest indoor theme park, and Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, the world's longest bridge fountain. The birthplace of K-pop and the Korean Wave, Seoul was voted the world's most wanted travel destination by Chinese, Japanese and Thai tourists for three consecutive years in 2009–2011 with over 10 million international visitors in 2012.
Today, Seoul is considered a leading and rising global city, resulting from an economic boom and growth known as the Miracle on the Han River which transformed it from the ashes of the Korean War to the world's 4th largest metropolitan economy with a GDP of US$774 billion in 2012 after Tokyo, New York City and Los Angeles. A world leading technology hub, it boasts the world's sixth largest number of Fortune Global 500 multinationals such as Samsung, the world's largest technology company, as well as LG, SK, and Hyundai-Kia. Gangnam is the commercial center along with Yeoui Island forming the financial center and Digital Media City being the technology hub. Jongno and Central District are the historical and cultural center of Seoul. Ranked sixth in the Global Power City Index, the metropolis exerts a major influence among global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences.
Seoul Station is the main terminal of the KTX high-speed rail and the Seoul Subway is the world's largest subway network by length, considered the world's best subway by Jalopnik, featuring 4G LTE, WiFi, DMB and WiBro. Seoul is connected via AREX to Incheon International Airport, rated the world's best airport seven years in a row (2005–2012) by Airports Council International. Lotte World Tower, a 556m (1,824 ft) supertall skyscraper is under construction in Seoul to become the OECD's tallest in 2015 with the world's tallest observation deck on its 123rd floor.
Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games, 1988 Summer Olympics, 2002 FIFA World Cup and the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit. A UNESCO City of Design, Seoul was named the 2010 World Design Capital.
Etymology.
The city has been known in the past by the names Wirye-seong (위례성; 慰禮城, Baekje era), Hanju (한주; 漢州, Silla era), Namgyeong (남경; 南京, Goryeo era), Hanseong (한성; 漢城, Baekje and Joseon era), Hanyang (한양; 漢陽, Joseon era), Gyeongseong (경성; 京城, colonial era). Its current name originated from the Korean word meaning "capital city," which is believed to be derived from the word "Seorabeol" (서라벌; 徐羅伐), which originally referred to Gyeongju, the capital of Silla.
Unlike most place names in Korea, "Seoul" has no corresponding hanja (Chinese characters used in the Korean language). On January 18, 2005, Seoul government officially changed its official Chinese language name to "Shou'er" () from the historic Hanseong (), whose use is still common though.
History.
Settlement of the Han River area, where present-day Seoul is located, began around 4000 BC.
Seoul is first recorded as Wiryeseong, the capital of Baekje (dounded in 18 BC) in the northeastern Seoul area. There are several city walls remaining in the area that date from this time. Pungnaptoseong, an earthen wall just outside Seoul, is widely believed to have been at the main Wiryeseong site. As the Three Kingdoms competed for this strategic region, control passed from Baekje to Goguryeo in the 5th century, and from Goguryeo to Silla in the 6th century.
In the 11th century Goryeo, which succeeded Unified Silla, built a summer palace in Seoul, which was referred to as the "Southern Capital". It was only from this period that Seoul became a larger settlement.
When Joseon replaced Goryeo, the capital was moved to Seoul (also known as Hanyang and later as Hanseong), where it remained until the fall of the dynasty. The Gyeongbok Palace, built in the 14th century, served as the royal residence until 1592. The other large palace, Changdeokgung, constructed in 1405, served as the main royal palace from 1611 to 1872.
Originally, the city was entirely surrounded by a massive circular stone wall to provide its citizens security from wild animals, thieves and attacks. The city has grown beyond those walls and although the wall no longer stands (except along Bugaksan Mountain (북악산), north of the downtown area), the gates remain near the downtown district of Seoul, including most notably Sungnyemun (commonly known as Namdaemun) and Honginjimun (commonly known as Dongdaemun). During the Joseon dynasty, the gates were opened and closed each day, accompanied by the ringing of large bells at the Bosingak belfry.
In the late 19th century, after hundreds of years of isolation, Seoul opened its gates to foreigners and began to modernize. Seoul became the first city in East Asia to introduce electricity in the royal palace, built by the Edison Illuminating Company and a decade later Seoul also implemented electrical street lights.
Much of the development was due to trade with foreign countries like France and United States. For example, the Seoul Electric Company, Seoul Electric Trolley Company, and Seoul Fresh Spring Water Company were all joint Korean-American owned enterprises. In 1904, an American by the name of Angus Hamilton visited the city and said, "The streets of Seoul are magnificent, spacious, clean, admirably made and well-drained. The narrow, dirty lanes have been widened, gutters have been covered, roadways broadened. Seoul is within measurable distance of becoming the highest, most interesting and cleanest city in the East.”
After the Russo-Japanese War (1904-1905), the Empire of Japan annexed Korea and renamed the city Gyeongseong. Japanese technology was imported, the city walls were removed, some of the gates demolished. Roads became paved and Western-style buildings were constructed. The city was liberated at the end of World War II.
In 1945 the city was officially named Seoul and designated as a special city in 1949.
During the Korean War, Seoul changed hands between the Chinese-backed North Korean forces and the UN-backed South Korean forces several times, leaving the city heavily damaged after the war. The capital was temporarily relocated to Busan. One estimate of the extensive damage states that after the war, at least 191,000 buildings, 55,000 houses, and 1,000 factories lay in ruins. In addition, a flood of refugees had entered Seoul during the war, swelling the population of the city and its metropolitan area to an estimated 1.5 million by 1955.
Following the war, Seoul began to focus on reconstruction and modernization. As Korea's economy started to grow rapidly from 1960s, urbanization also accelerated and workers began to move to Seoul and other larger cities. From the 1970s, the size of Seoul administrative area greatly expanded as it annexed a number of towns and villages from several surrounding counties.
According to 2012 census data, the population of the Seoul area makes up around 20% of the total population of South Korea, Seoul has become the economic, political and cultural hub of the country, with several Fortune 500 companies, including Samsung, SK Holdings, Hyundai, POSCO and LG Group headquartered there.
Seoul was the host city of the 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics as well as one of the venues of the Football World Cup 2002.
Geography.
Seoul is in the northwest of South Korea. Seoul proper comprises 605.25 km2, with a radius of approximately , roughly bisected into northern and southern halves by the Han River. The Han River and its surrounding area played an important role in Korean history. The Three Kingdoms of Korea strove to take control of this land, where the river was used as a trade route to China (via the Yellow Sea). The river is no longer actively used for navigation, because its estuary is located at the borders of the two Koreas, with civilian entry barred. The city is bordered by eight mountains, as well as the more level lands of the Han River plain and western areas.
Climate.
Seoul has a humid continental/subtropical transitional climate (Köppen climate classification "Dwa/Cwa"), with characteristics of both. November–May is more like a continental climate while the warmer months are more like a subtropical climate with elements of a tropical wet/dry climate. Summers are generally hot and humid, with the East Asian monsoon taking place from June until September. August, the warmest month, has an average temperature of with higher temperatures possible. Winters are often cold with an average January temperature of and are generally much drier than summers, with an average of 28 days of snow annually. Sometimes, temperatures do drop dramatically to below , in odd occasions rarely as low as in the mid winter period between January and February.
Administrative districts.
Seoul is divided into 25 "gu" (구; ) (district). The "gu" vary greatly in area (from 10 to 47 km2) and population (from fewer than 140,000 to 630,000). Songpa has the most people, while Seocho has the largest area. The government of each gu handles many of the functions that are handled by city governments in other jurisdictions. Each "gu" is divided into ""dong"" (동; ) or neighbourhoods. Some gu have only a few dong while others like Jongno District have a very large number of distinct neighborhoods. Gu of Seoul consist of 423 administrative dongs (행정동) in total. "Dong" are also sub-divided into 13,787 "tong" (통; ), which are further divided into 102,796 "ban" in total.
Demographics.
Seoul proper is noted for its population density, which is almost twice that of New York and eight times greater than Rome. Its metropolitan area was the densest in the OECD in Asia in 2012, and second densest worldwide after Paris. Nearly all of Seoul's residents are Korean, with some small Chinese, Japanese, and expatriate minorities. As of December 2013, the population was 10,14 million, in 2012, it was 10,442,426. As of the end of June 2011, 10.29 million Republic of Korea citizens lived in the city. This was a .24% decrease from the end of 2010. The population of Seoul has been dropping since the early 1990s, the reasons being the high costs of living and an aging population.
The number of foreigners living in Seoul is 255,501 in 2010 according to Seoul officials. As of June 2011, 281,780 foreigners were located in Seoul. Of them, 186,631 foreigners (66%) were Chinese citizens of Korean ancestry. This was a 8.84% increase from the end of 2010 and a 12.85% increase from June 2010. The next largest group was Chinese citizens who are not of Korean ethnicity; 29,901 of them resided in Seoul. The next highest group consisted of the 9,999 United States citizens who were not of Korean ancestry. The next highest group were the Republic of China (Taiwan) citizens, at 8,717.
The two major religions in Seoul are Christianity and Buddhism. Other religions include Korean Shamanism and Confucianism. Seoul is home to the world's largest Christian congregation, Yoido Full Gospel Church has over one million members.
Economy.
Seoul is the business and financial hub of South Korea. Although it accounts for only 0.6 percent of the nation's land area, it generated 21 percent of the country's GDP in 2006. In 2008 the Worldwide Centers of Commerce Index ranked Seoul No.9. The Global Financial Centres Index in 2012 listed Seoul as the 6th financially most competitive city in the world. The Economist Intelligence Unit ranked Seoul 15th in the list of "Overall 2025 City Competitiveness" regarding future competitiveness of cities.
Manufacturing.
The traditional, labour-intensive manufacturing industries have been continuously replaced by information technology, electronics and assembly-type of industries, however, food and beverage production, as well as printing and publishing remained among the core industries. Major manufacturers are headquartered in the city, including Samsung, LG, Hyundai, Kia and SK. Notable food and beverage companies include Jinro, whose soju is the most sold alcoholic drink in the world, beating out Smirnoff vodka; top selling beer producers Hite (merged with Jinro) and Oriental Brewery. It also hosts food giants like Seoul Dairy Cooperative, Nongshim Group and Lotte.
Finance.
A large concentration of international companies are headquartered in Seoul. The Korea Exchange Bank is also headquartered in the city. Most bank headquarters and the Korea Exchange are located in Yeouido (Yeoui island), which is often called "Korea's Wall Street" and has been serving as the financial center of the city since the 1980s.
Shopping.
The largest wholesale and retail market in South Korea, the Dongdaemun Market, is located in Seoul. Myeongdong is a shopping and entertainment area in downtown Seoul with mid- to high-end stores, fashion boutiques and international brand outlets. The nearby Namdaemun Market, named after the Namdaemun Gate, is the oldest continually running market in Seoul. Sinchon is a shopping area that caters mainly to a younger and university student crowd.
Insadong is the cultural art market of Seoul, where traditional and modern Korean artworks, such as paintings, sculptures and calligraphy are sold. Hwanghak-dong Flea Market and Janganpyeong Antique Market also offer antique products. Some shops for local designers have opened in Samcheong-dong, where numerous small art galleries are located. Itaewon caters mainly to foreign tourists and American soldiers based in the city. The Gangnam district is one of the most affluent areas in Seoul and is noted for the fashionable and upscale Apgujeong-dong and Cheongdam-dong areas and the COEX Mall. Wholesale markets include Noryangjin Fisheries Wholesale Market and Garak Market. The Yongsan Electronics Market is the largest electronics market in Asia.
Times Square is one of Seoul's largest shopping malls featuring the CGV Starium, the world's largest permanent 35 mm cinema screen.
Architecture.
The traditional heart of Seoul is the old Joseon Dynasty city, now the downtown area, where most palaces, government offices, corporate headquarters, hotels, and traditional markets are located. Cheonggyecheon, a stream that runs from west to east through the valley before emptying into the Han River, was for many years covered with concrete, but was recently restored through an urban revival project in 2005. Jongno street, meaning "Bell Street," has been a principal street and one of the earliest commercial steets of the city, on which one can find Bosingak, a pavilion containing a large bell. The bell signaled the different times of the day and controlled the four major gates to the city. To the north of downtown is Bukhan Mountain, and to the south is the smaller Namsan. Further south are the old suburbs of Yongsan District and Mapo District. Across the Han River are the newer and wealthier areas of Gangnam District, Seocho District and surrounding neighborhoods.
Historical architecture.
Seoul has many historical and cultural landmarks. In Amsa-dong Prehistoric Settlement Site, Gangdong District, neolithic remains were excavated and accidentally discovered by a flood in 1925.
Urban and civil planning was a key concept when Seoul was first designed to serve as a capital in the late 14th century. The Joseon Dynasty built "Five Grand Palaces" in Seoul: Changdeokgung, Changgyeonggung, Deoksugung, Gyeongbokgung and Gyeonghuigung, all of which are located in the district of Jongno District and Jung District. Among them, Changdeokgung was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1997 as an "outstanding example of Far Eastern palace architecture and garden design". The main palace, Gyeongbokgung, underwent a large scale restoration project. The palaces are considered exemplary architecture of the Joseon period. Beside the palaces, Unhyeongung is known for being the royal residence of Regent Daewongun, the father of Emperor Gojong at the end of the Joseon Dynasty.
Seoul has been surrounded by walls that were built to regulate visitors from other regions and protect the city in case of an invasion. Pungnap Toseong is a flat earthen wall built at the edge of the Han River which is widely believed to be the site of Wiryeseong. Mongchon Toseong (몽촌토성; 蒙村土城) is another earthen wall built during the Baekje period which is now located inside the Olympic Park. The Fortress Wall of Seoul was built early in the Joseon Dynasty for protection of the city. After many centuries of destruction and rebuilding, approximately 2/3 of the wall remains, as well as six of the original eight gates. These gates include Sungnyemun and Heunginjimun, commonly known as Namdaemun (South Great Gate) and Dongdaemun (East Great Gate). Namdaemun was the oldest wooden gate until a 2008 arson attack, and was re-opened after complete restoration in 2013. Situated near the gates are the traditional markets and largest shopping center, Namdaemun Market and Dongdaemun Market.
There are also many buildings constructed with international styles in the late-19th and early-20th centuries. The Independence Gate was built in 1897 to inspire an independent spirit. Seoul Station was opened in 1900 as Gyeongseong Station.
Modern architecture.
Various high-rise office buildings and residential buildings, like the Gangnam Finance Center, the Tower Palace, N Seoul Tower and Jongno Tower, dominate the city's skyline. A series of new high rises are under construction, including the Lotte World Tower scheduled to be completed by 2016. As of February 2014, the tallest building in the city was the 279m high Three International Finance Center.
The World Trade Center Seoul, located in Gangnam District, hosts various expositions and conferences. Also in Gangnam District is the COEX Mall, a large indoor shopping and entertainment complex. Downstream from Gangnam District is Yeouido, an island that is home to the National Assembly, major broadcasting studios, and a number of large office buildings, as well as the Korea Finance Building and the Yoido Full Gospel Church. The Olympic Stadium, Olympic Park, and Lotte World are located in Songpa District, on the south side of the Han River, upstream from Gangnam District. Two new modern landmarks of Seoul are Dongdaemun Design Plaza & Park, designed by Zaha Hadid, and the new wave-shaped Seoul City Hall, by Yoo Kerl of iArc.
In 2010 Seoul was designated the World Design Capital for the year.
Culture.
Technology.
Seoul has a very technologically advanced infrastructure. It has the world's highest fibre-optic broadband penetration, resulting in the world's fastest internet connections with speeds up to 1 Gbps. Seoul provides free Wi-Fi access in outdoor spaces. This 47.7 billion won ($44 million) project will give residents and visitors Internet access at 10,430 parks, streets and other public places by 2015.
Museums.
Seoul is home to over 100 museums, including three national and nine official municipal museums. The National Museum of Korea is the most representative of museums in not only Seoul but all of South Korea. Since its establishment in 1945, the museum has built a collection of 150,000 artifacts. In October 2005, the museum moved to a new building in Yongsan Family Park. The National Folk Museum is situated on the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace in the district of Jongno District and uses replicas of historical objects to illustrate the folk history of the Korean people. Bukchon Hanok Village and Namsangol Hanok Village are old residential districts consisting of hanok Korean traditional houses, parks, and museums that allows visitors to experience traditional Korean culture. The War Memorial, one of nine municipal museums in Seoul, offers visitors an educational and emotional experience of various wars in which Korea was involved, including Korean War themes. The Seodaemun Prison is a former prison built during the Japanese occupation, and is currently used as a history museum.
The Seoul Museum of Art and Ilmin Museum of Art have preserved the appearance of the old building that is visually unique from the neighboring tall, modern buildings. The former is operated by Seoul City Council and sits adjacent to Gyeonghuigung Palace, a Joseon dynasty royal palace. For many Korean film lovers from all over the world, the Korean Film Archive is running the Korean Film Museum and Cinematheque KOFA in its main center located in Digital Media City(DMC), Sangam-dong. The Tteok & Kitchen Utensil Museum and Kimchi Field Museum provide information regarding Korean culinary history.
Religious monuments.
There are also religious buildings that take important roles in Korean society and politics. The Wongudan altar was a sacrificial place where Korean rulers held heavenly rituals since the Three Kingdoms period. Since the Joseon Dynasty adopted Confucianism as its national ideology in the 14th century, the state built many Confucian shrines. The descendants of the Joseon royal family still continue to hold ceremonies to commemorate ancestors at Jongmyo. It is the oldest royal Confucian shrine preserved and the ritual ceremonies continue a tradition established in the 14th century. Munmyo and Dongmyo were built during the same period. Although Buddhism was suppressed by the Joseon state, it has continued its existence. Jogyesa is the headquarters of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism. Hwagyesa and Bongeunsa are also major Buddhist temples in Seoul.
The Myeongdong Cathedral is a landmark of the Myeongdong, Jung District and the biggest Catholic church established in 1883. It is a symbol of Catholicism in Korea. It was also a focus for political dissent in the 1980s. In this way the Roman Catholic Church has a very strong influence in Korean society.
There are many Protestant churches in Seoul. The most numerous are Presbyterian, but there are also many Methodist, Baptist, and Lutheran churches.
Festivals.
In October 2012 KBS Hall in Seoul hosted major international music festivals – First ABU TV and Radio Song Festivals within frameworks of Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union 49th General Assembly.
Hi! Seoul Festival is a seasonal cultural festival held four times a year every spring, summer, autumn, and winter in Seoul, South Korea since 2003. It is based on the "Seoul Citizens' Day" held on every October since 1994 to commemorate the 600 years history of Seoul as the capital of the country. The festival is arranged under the Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Parks.
Namsan Park offers hiking, recreation and views of the downtown Seoul skyline. The N Seoul Tower is located here. Seoul Olympic Park is located in Songpa District and was built to host the 1988 Summer Olympics. The Wongaksa Pagoda 10 tier pagoda is situated In Tapgol Park, a small public park with an area of . Areas around streams serve as public places for relaxation and recreation. Tancheon stream and the nearby area serve as a large park with paths for both walkers and cyclists.
Cheonggyecheon, a stream that runs nearly through downtown Seoul, is popular among both Seoul residents and tourists.
The Seoul metropolitan area accommodates six major parks, including the Seoul Forest, which opened in mid-2005. The Seoul National Capital Area also contains a green belt aimed at preventing the city from sprawling out into neighboring Gyeonggi Province. These areas are frequently sought after by people looking to escape from urban life on weekends and during vacations.
Seoul is also home to the world's largest indoor amusement park, Lotte World. Other recreation centers include the former Olympic and World Cup stadiums and the City Hall public lawn.
Sports.
International competition.
Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games commonly known as Asiad, 1988 Olympic Games and Paralympic Games. It also served as one of the host cities of the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Seoul World Cup Stadium hosted the opening ceremony and first game of the tournament.
Taekwondo is Korea's national sport and Seoul is the location of the Kukkiwon, the world headquarters of taekwondo, as well as the World Taekwondo Federation (-).
Domestic sports clubs.
Baseball.
Seoul has ten professional baseball teams under the KBO: One of oldest clubs, Doosan Bears, LG Twins and Nexen Heroes.
Transportation.
Seoul features one of the world's most advanced transportation infrastructures that is constantly under expansion. Its system dates back to the era of the Korean Empire, when the first streetcar lines were laid and a railroad linking Seoul and Incheon was completed. Seoul's most important streetcar line ran along Jongno until it was replaced by Line 1 of the subway system in the early 1970s. Other notable streets in downtown Seoul include Euljiro, Teheranno, Sejongno, Chungmuro, Yulgongno, and Toegyero. There are nine major subway lines stretching for more than , with one additional line planned. As of 2010, 25% of the population has a commute time of an hour or more.
Bus.
Seoul's bus system is operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, with four primary bus configurations available servicing most of the city. Seoul has many large intercity/express bus terminals. These buses connect Seoul with cities throughout South Korea. The Seoul Express Bus Terminal, Central City Terminal and Seoul Nambu Terminal are located in the district of Seocho District. In addition, East Seoul Bus Terminal in Gwangjin District and Sangbong Terminal in Jungnang District operate in the east of the city. To reduce air pollution in the metropolitan area, the municipal government is planning to convert over seven thousand of Seoul's diesel engine buses to natural gas by 2010.
Subway.
Seoul has a comprehensive subway network that interconnects every district of the city and the surrounding areas. With more than 8 million passengers per day, Seoul has the busiest subway system in the world. The Seoul Metropolitan Subway has 19 total lines which serve Seoul, Incheon, Gyeonggi province, western Gangwon province, and northern Chungnam province. In addition, in order to cope with the various modes of transport, Seoul's metropolitan government employs several mathematicians to coordinate the subway, bus, and traffic schedules into one timetable. The various lines are run by Korail, Seoul Metro, Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation, NeoTrans Co., AREX, and Seoul Metro Line 9 Corporation.
Train.
Seoul is connected to every major city in Korea by rail. Seoul is also linked to most major Korean cities by the KTX high-speed train, which has a normal operation speed of more than . Major railroad stations include:
Airports.
Two international airports serve Seoul. Gimpo International Airport, formerly in Gimpo but annexed to Seoul in 1963, was for many years (since its original construction during the Korean War) the only international airport serving Seoul. Other domestic airports were also built around the time of the war, including Yeouido.
When it opened in March 2001, Incheon International Airport on Yeongjong island in Incheon changed the role of Gimpo Airport significantly. Incheon is now responsible for almost all international flights and some domestic flights, while Gimpo serves only domestic flights with the exception of flights to Haneda Airport in Tokyo, Osaka Kansai International Airport, Taipei Songshan Airport in Taipei, Hongqiao Airport in Shanghai, and Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing. This has led to a significant drop in flights from Gimpo Airport, though it remains one of South Korea's busiest airports.
Meanwhile, Incheon International Airport has become, along with Hong Kong, a major transportation center for East Asia.
Incheon and Gimpo are linked to Seoul by highways, and to each other by the Incheon International Airport Railroad, which is also linked to Incheon line #1. Gimpo is also linked by subway (line No. 5 and #9). The Incheon International Airport Railroad, connecting the airport directly to Seoul Station in central Seoul, was recently opened. Shuttle buses also transfer passengers between Incheon and Gimpo airports.
Education.
Universities.
Seoul is home to the majority of South Korea's most prestigious universities, including University of Seoul,Yonsei University, Korea University,Chung-Ang University, Dongguk University, Ewha Womans University, Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, Hanyang University, Hongik University, Kookmin University, Konkuk University, Kyung Hee University, Sejong University, Seoul National University, Seoul National University of Education, Sogang University, Soongsil University, and Sungkyunkwan University.
Sookmyung Women's University
Secondary education.
Education from grades 1–10 is compulsory. Students spend six years in elementary school, three years in middle school, and three years in high school. Secondary schools generally require that the students wear uniforms. There is no exit exam for graduating from high school, but many students proceeding to the university level are required to take the College Scholastic Ability Test that is held every November.
Seoul is home to various specialized schools, including three science high schools (Hansung Science High School, Sejong Science High School and Seoul Science High School), and six foreign language high schools (Daewon Foreign Language High School, Daeil Foreign Language High School, Ewha Girls' Foreign Language High School, Hanyoung Foreign Language High School, Myungduk Foreign Language High School and Seoul Foreign Language High School). Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education comprises 235 college-preparatory high schools, 80 vocational schools, 377 middle schools, and 33 special education schools as of 2009.
International relations.
Seoul is a member of the Asian Network of Major Cities 21 and the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19159297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159297" title="A Portrait of Dorian Gray">
A Portrait of Dorian Gray

A Portrait of Dorian Gray (2005) is the fashion designer and photographer Karl Lagerfeld's rendition of Oscar Wilde's novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray" (1891) in photography. The models Larry Scott and Eva Herzigova star as Mr. and Mrs. Dorian Gray.
The book shows photographic interpretations of parts of the novel's plot, and it also contain digitally aged portraits of both Larry Scott and Eva Herzigova, done by Pierre-François Letue.

</doc>
<doc id="19159306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159306" title="Philippe Hurault de Cheverny">
Philippe Hurault de Cheverny

Philippe Hurault (1528, Cheverny, Loir-et-Cher – 1599), comte de Cheverny, was a French nobleman and politician. His son Philippe Hurault de Cheverny was a bishop.
Life.
He was counsellor to the parlement de Paris, maître des requêtes (1562), and assisted at the battles of Jarnac and Moncontour. Henri III made him garde des sceaux in 1578 and lieutenant general of the Orléanais and the pays Chartrain in 1582. 
After the Day of the Barricades in 1588, he was disgraced by his liaisons with the Catholic League and left court. Henri IV recalled him in August 1590 and again made him garde des sceaux, a post he then held until his death.
He was the son of Raoul Hurault, controller of finances to king Francis I of France. He married Anne de Thou but had a relationship with Isabeau Babou de la Bourdaisière, lady of Sourdis, the influential aunt of Henry IV's mistress Gabrielle d'Estrées.
The Hurault had owned the château de Cheverny for several generations but, after it was seized by the king, Philippe Hurault was forced to buy it back from Diane de Poitiers. He had the estate raised to a viscountcy then a comté (in 1582), and also had a house to the east of Paris, on the Roquette estate.
His "Mémoires" from 1567 to 1599 survive.

</doc>
<doc id="19159312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159312" title="Weekend at Dunkirk">
Weekend at Dunkirk

Weekend at Dunkirk () is a 1964 drama film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo. It is based on the 1949 Prix Goncourt winning novel "Week-end at Zuydcoote" (French: "Week-end à Zuydcoote") by Robert Merle.

</doc>
<doc id="19159322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159322" title="Shmuel Weinberger">
Shmuel Weinberger

The mathematician Shmuel Aaron Weinberger (born February 20, 1963) is an American topologist. He completed a PhD in mathematics in 1982 at New York University under the direction of Sylvain Cappell. Weinberger was from 1994 to 1996 the Thomas A. Scott Professor of Mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania, and is currently a professor and chair of the Mathematics department at the University of Chicago.
His research interests include geometric topology, differential geometry, geometric group theory, and, in recent years, applications of topology in other disciplines. He has written a book on topologically stratified spaces and one on the application of mathematical logic to geometry.
He has given the Porter lectures at Rice University (2000), the Jankowski memorial lecture of the Polish Academy of Sciences (2000), the Zabrodsky Memorial lecture at Hebrew University (2001), the Cairns lectures at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (2002), the Marker lectures in Mathematics at Penn State University (2003), the Lewis Lectures at Rutgers University (2004), the Blumenthal Lectures at Tel Aviv University (2005), the Hardy Lectures of the London Mathematical Society (2008), the William Benter Lecture at the City University of Hong Kong (2010), and the Clifford Lectures at Tulane University (2012). In addition he has given invited lectures at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Zürich (1994), a mini-symposium at the European Congress of Mathematics (2008), the American Mathematical Society (1989), the Canadian Mathematical Society (2006), and the Association for Symbolic Logic (2001). 
In 2012, he was elected to the first class of AMS fellows.

</doc>
<doc id="19159328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159328" title="Green building in the United States">
Green building in the United States

This article provides examples of Green Building programs in the United States. These programs span the public, private, and non-profit sectors, and all have the goal of increasing energy efficiency and the sustainability of the built environment.
Sustainable Design Organizations and Green Building Programs.
In the United States, governments and private organizations have established several sustainable design organizations and programs in green building.
The U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) is a non-profit trade organization that promotes sustainability in how buildings are designed, built and operated. The USGBC is best known for the development of the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) rating system and Greenbuild, a green building conference that promotes the green building industry. As of September 2008, USGBC has more than 17,000 member organizations from every sector of the building industry and works to promote buildings that are environmentally responsible, profitable and healthy places to live and work. To achieve this it has developed a variety of programs and services, and works closely with key industry and research organizations and federal, state and local government agencies. USGBC also offers a host of educational opportunities, including workshops and Web-based seminars to educate the public and industry professionals on different elements of the green building industry, from the basics to more technical information. Through its Green Building Certification Institute, USGBC offers industry professionals the chance to develop expertise in the field of green building and to receive accreditation as green building professionals.
The National Association of Home Builders, a trade association representing home builders, remodelers and suppliers to the industry, has created a voluntary residential green building program known as NAHBGreen. The program includes an online scoring tool, national certification, industry education, and training for local verifiers. The online scoring tool is free to builders and to homeowners.
The Green Building Initiative is a non-profit network of building industry leaders working to mainstream building approaches that are environmentally progressive, but also practical and affordable for builders to implement. The GBI has developed a web-based rating tool called Green Globes, which has been upgraded in accordance with ANSI procedures.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star program rates commercial buildings for energy efficiency and provides Energy Star qualifications for new homes that meet its standards for energy efficient building design.
The Collaborative for High Performance Schools is a non-profit green rating program specifically for K-12 schools. CHPS addresses energy efficiency and additional design considerations fostering healthy and environmentally responsible school buildings. On June 4, 2008, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the "21st Century Green High-Performing Public School Facilities Act," which would commit over $20 billion of funding over the next five years to high performance schools. CHPS is recognized as one of the standards that projects would need to meet in order to qualify for the H.R. 3021 legislation funding. H.R. 3021 was referred to the Senate on August 1, 2008.
The Green Communities Initiative provided the first national green building program for new constructions and rehabilitation of affordable housing. It was launched in 2004 as a partnership between initiative taker Enterprise Community Partners (ECP), the Natural Resources Defense Council, Global Green USA, the American Institute of Architects, the American Planning Association, Southface and the National Center for Healthy Housing, along with a number of corporate, financial and philanthropic institutions. Enterprise Community Partners first committed to $555 million in grants, financing and equity to bring green affordable housing to the mainstream. ECP launched the "next generation" Green Communities in 2009 thereby committing to an additional $4 billion. The Green Communities Initiative created the Green Communities Criteria which address eight areas for green building projects and are compatible with LEED standards.
Research conducted by the Environmental Policy Alliance, an organization dedicated to exposing environmental hypocrisy, suggests that the certified green buildings in Washington, D.C. "might not be doing much good." City officials released the first round of energy usage data on 28 February 2014. The data is measured in Energy Use Intensity (EUI)'s, a unit that relates a building's energy consumption to its size. The group analyzed the data and found that privately-owned buildings that received the green energy certification Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) use more energy than those that do not have this green building certification. Buildings with the green building stamp of approval averaged an EUI at 205 while non-LEED-certified buildings had an EUI at 199.
Campus greening.
Transformative work on American college campuses in the 2000s has done much to change the implicit evaluation of "progress" that green building attracts amongst academics. According to Ann Rappaport, a lecturer at Tufts School of Engineering who writes about climate change and universities, "value of campus greening [in the United States goes well beyond resources saved; greening generates interest and invites members of the academic community to think differently about societal values, goods consumed, and the infrastructure for shelter and mobility, raising questions about how human needs can be met in new ways."
Federal High-Performance Green Buildings.
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 has made available not less than $4.5 billion for measures necessary to convert General Services Administration facilities to High-Performance Green Buildings, as defined in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-140).
Green Affordable Housing.
Green Affordable Housing is a term that refers to affordable housing that exhibits "green" or "sustainable" features. Several state and local governments have adopted programs that encourage or require building green when constructing affordable housing.
Mixed income housing developer McCormack Baron Salazar was is the first developer in the world to have received two U.S. Green Building Council LEED for Neighborhood Development (LEED-ND) Certifications for completed neighborhoods University Place, in Memphis, Tennessee and Renaissance Place in St. Louis, MO. Both are urban, mixed-income, affordable developments built under the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s HOPE VI program.
State and Local Initiatives.
California.
The 2010 California Green Building Standards Code(Calgreen) is the first statewide green building code in the country and seeks to establish minimum green building standards for the majority of residential and commercial new construction projects across California.
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom approved a green building ordinance in early August 2008 that imposes strict requirements on newly constructed residential and commercial buildings within the city, as well as building renovations.
For homes, the ordinance requires ratings from the GreenPoints rating system, developed by a non-profit organization called Build It Green. Starting next year, new "small" residential buildings (those with four dwellings or fewer) must achieve 25 GreenPoints (equal to the "Elements" rating), but do not need to be rated. For 2010 and 2011, the homes must be GreenPoint Rated and building applications must demonstrate that a minimum of 50 GreenPoints (equal to the "Whole House" rating) will be achieved. And starting in 2012, building applications for new homes must demonstrate that at least 75 GreenPoints will be achieved. The same rules apply for mid-size residential buildings, except that the requirement for 75 GreenPoints starts earlier, in 2011.
For commercial buildings and high-rise residential buildings, the ordinance adds in requirements from the U.S. Green Building Council's LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) rating system. Starting in November (if the California Energy Commission has approved the legislation), new permit applications for high-rise residential buildings must include documentation to achieve LEED certification (or 50 GreenPoints), and starting in 2010, they must include documentation to achieve LEED Silver certification (or 75 GreenPoints). A number of specific LEED standards must also be met for landscaping, water use reduction, and construction debris management. Mid-size commercial buildings don't need to meet LEED certification requirements but must meet LEED standards for building commissioning, landscaping, water use, and construction debris management starting in 2009, and must meet enhanced commissioning standards and tighter water use requirements starting in 2010. Beginning in 2012, the buildings must also meet LEED standards for the use of on-site renewable energy or the purchase of renewable energy credits.
The toughest requirements apply to large commercial buildings. Starting in November, new permit applications for high-rise residential building must submit documentation to achieve LEED certification, and that requirement ratchets up to LEED Silver in 2009 and LEED Gold in 2012. There are also requirements to meet additional LEED standards, nearly equal to those for mid-size commercial buildings. Finally, for new large commercial interiors and major alterations to existing buildings, new permit applications must include documentation to achieve the same LEED rating requirements as for new large commercial buildings, and must also meet the LEED standards for materials that emit low levels of indoor pollutants. All new buildings must earn additional rating points if an older building was 
demolished to make room for it, and they must earn even higher points if the demolished building was historical. Building projects can also earn extra points by retaining historical features of the previous building.
Earning LEED credits within this framework is becoming cost neutral for most hotel developers, especially in the Napa Valley where the industry has caught up to speed. Since at least March 2008, green property builders have been giving them "real figures on what it costs to build a green property" after developer tax incentives.
Virginia.
Charlottesville, Virginia became one of the first small towns in the United States to enact green building legislation. This presents a significant shift in construction and architecture as LEED regulations have formerly been focused on commercial construction. If US homeowner interest grows in "green" residential construction, the companies involved in the production and manufacturing of LEED building materials will become likely candidates for tomorrow's round of private equity and IPO investing.
Washington.
In 2005, Washington State became the first state in the United States to enact green building legislation. According to the law, all major public agency facilities with a floor area exceeding 5,000 square feet (465 m²), including state funded school buildings, are required to meet or exceed LEED standards in construction or renovation. The projected benefits from this law are 20% annual savings in energy and water costs, 38% reduction in waste water production and 22% reduction in construction waste.

</doc>
<doc id="19159330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159330" title="Dazaifu Station">
Dazaifu Station


</doc>
<doc id="19159332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159332" title="Nestea European Championship Tour 2007">
Nestea European Championship Tour 2007

The 2007 NESTEA European Championship Tour (or the 2007 European Beach Volleyball Tour) was the European beach volleyball tour for 2007.
The tour consists of six tournaments with both genders, including the 2007 Championship Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19159342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159342" title="NAHBGreen">
NAHBGreen

NAHBGreen is another name for the National Green Building Program of the National Association of Home Builders, an organization based in the United States.
Introduction.
Green building as a process that incorporates environmental considerations into every aspect of the home building process – from choosing the lot and the house plan to material selection construction of the home and finally, its maintenance and operation. What constitutes "green" construction will vary according to the climate, geography and market preferences of the community in which the home will be built.
NAHB members have been building green homes for years – each one appropriate to the climate, geography and market preferences of the communities where they build. Additionally, these builders certified more than 115,000 homes in local HBA green building programs between 1995 and 2008.
These programs have transformed the market because they are a cooperative effort among builders, designers, environmentalists and elected officials. Green building thrives when builders, developers and remodelers can go green voluntarily, without mandates and overbearing strictures. When that happens, there’s no limit on how green a home can be.
The NAHB National Green Building Program has several component parts:
NAHBGreen homes and projects can come in all sizes, styles and price points – from starter homes to retirement villas. Each one incorporates the hallmarks of green building – energy, water, and resource efficiency, indoor environmental quality and effective lot design.
State and local home builder associations "affiliate" with NAHBGreen by encouraging their members to seek National Green Building Certification and providing educational opportunities for builders, remodelers and consumers. As of June 2009, there were 102 state and local NAHBGreen affiliates.
National Green Building Certification.
There are two rating systems available to score green projects: The NAHB Model Green Building Guidelines for new single-family homes and the National Green Building Standard for new single-family and multifamily construction, residential remodeling and renovation, and subdivision development. 
Both rating systems are used as design tools for building professionals to plan their green projects. They are also scoring tools, providing the list of green choices made so that inspectors can test and verify the results. Finally, they are used for certification, so that a third party, the NAHB Research Center, can review the inspector's documentation and certify that the project is authentically green.
Builders can apply to certify their homes with both the National Green Building Standard and Builders Challenge using the free online Green Scoring Tool.
Home builders, developers and remodelers will find detailed instructions for the scoring tools and certification process at www.nahbgreen.org, the home of NAHBGreen. A list of accredited verifiers is also available at the site.
The Certified Green Professional Designation.
The Certified Green Professional educational designation helps consumers recognize builders, remodelers and other industry professionals who incorporate green building principles into homes — without driving up the cost of construction. Requirements include 24 hours of classroom instruction, two years of industry experience, adherence to a code of ethics and a commitment to approved continuing education sessions.
More than 3,400 people have earned their CGPs since February 2008 – making it the largest and fastest growing NAHB designation in the history of the University of Housing. Consumers can find a Certified Green Professional at the Builder and Remodeler Online Designation Directory at www.nahb.org.
The National Green Building Conference.
The annual National Green Building Conference features educational seminars focusing on topics including Sales and Marketing, Design, Project Management and Building Science. A Tour of Green Homes includes new single-family homes and remodeling projects in various stages of construction.
You can become a fan of the NAHB National Green Building Conference on Facebook or Linkedin and share your thoughts on green with these online communities.
The NAHB National Green Building Awards.
The National Green Building Awards honor innovative design and technology, and there is a special category for affordable green homes, too. A gala awards dinner is held every year at the NAHB National Green Building Conference.
NAHB: The Green Leader.
Working with the International Code Council, NAHB spearheaded the development of the National Green Building Standard for all residential construction and renovation projects. This standard was approved in January 2009 by the American National Standards Institute, making it the benchmark for green homes.
The standard development process was the latest in a series of initiatives designed to encourage education, networking and recognition for green builders. 
The NAHB Green Building Subcommittee was formed in 1998 and the annual NAHB Green Building Conference was first held in 1999, when the first NAHB National Green Building Awards were given to a select group of builders, remodelers and advocates for their exemplary progress. 
In 2005, NAHB introduced the NAHB Model Green Home Building Guidelines, allowing builders to "score" their projects in seven categories: energy efficiency, water efficiency, resource efficiency, indoor environmental quality, global impact, lot and site development and homeowner education. To score a home, builders had to achieve a minimum number of points in each of the seven categories and additional points in the categories of choice. The more points a project achieved across all categories, the higher the level.
In 2006, NAHB introduced the two-day "Green Building for Building Professionals" class. Home builders, remodelers, designers and suppliers immediately filled sessions held in home building associations all over the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19159343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159343" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's high jump">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's high jump

These are the official results of the Men's High Jump event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 31 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on Monday 23 August 1999.
Qualifying round.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19159354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159354" title="York Preparatory School">
York Preparatory School

York Preparatory School commonly referred to as York Prep, is an independent, proprietary university-preparatory school in the Lincoln Center area of New York City.
The coeducational school provides instruction to approximately 350 students between 6th and 12th grades. The student:teacher ratio is 6:1.
York is approved by the New York State Board of Regents and accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
As of the 2013-2014 school year, tuition is $40,500 per year for middle school students and $41,200 for high school students.
History.
Founded by Ronald and Jayme Stewart, York Prep opened its doors in September 1969 to 158 students in grades 6-12 and by 1972 had 212 students. The school is family-based, with founder Ronald Stewart serving as headmaster and his wife Jayme Stewart as director of college guidance. Jayme Stewart, who has shared college entry tips with CNN, is also the author of a 1991 book, "How to Get into the College of Your Choice: And How to Finance It".
Academics.
The curriculum provides a foundation in the traditional core subjects of a liberal arts education—English, mathematics, social studies, science, and foreign language. In addition, students can choose from a wide range of specialized electives.
The school uses a system called “tracking,” which places students in one of several ability groups available in every subject area. This allows students to work at an advanced pace through Honors courses, AP classes, and the Scholars Program, in subjects in which they excel, and at a moderate pace in those subjects where they need more guidance.
The York Prep Scholars Program is a three-year sequence which provides a more challenging curriculum for York’s most academically able students. Units on such topics as “Neuroscience,” “Italian Renaissance Art,” “Statistics,” and “Shakespeare Performance” are presented independently in mini-courses taught by members of the faculty who focus on their particular intellectual passions and specialties.
York Prep offers a Jump Start Program at supplemental cost to provide assistance to students with different learning styles and learning disabilities. The program offers participants two weekly one-on-one 40 minutes sessions with their assigned Jump Start teachers, morning check-ins with their teachers, and supervised group study sessions after school.
Parents are kept informed of a student's progress through individual reports posted every week on Edline, a component of the York Prep web site. Each family sign in with a unique password and can see their child's progress in all academic subjects.
Sports and activities.
York Prep offers the following sports:
Clubs and activities include Beekeepers Society, Book Club, Broadway Club, Chess Club, Community Service Club, Environmental & Gardeners Club, Fitness Club, French Cinema Club, Gay/Straight Alliance, Glee Club, literary and arts magazine, Model United Nations, New York City Tour Club, Open Studio/Crafts Club, school newspaper, Peer Tutoring Program, School Production/Drama Club, Science Club, Stock Market Group, Student Government Organization, Ukelele Club, Yearbook, Swim Club, Tennis Club, and Intramural Sports Program
Facilities.
The school, which then housed 250 students, made news in 1997 when it expanded in an unusual transaction, trading property with Ramaz School. Ramaz purchased a new building for York Preparatory at 68th Street and traded that for the existing school at East 85th Street.
The new site—a seven-level granite building—houses three computer labs, a large gym, a work-out room, an art studio, two professionally equipped science labs, and a roof for beekeeping. 

</doc>
<doc id="19159373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159373" title="Glenelly Valley">
Glenelly Valley

Glenelly Valley or simply Glenelly (from the ) is the longest valley in the Sperrin Mountains in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It lies within the Sperrin Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and is also in an Environmentally Sensitive Area (ESA).

</doc>
<doc id="19159374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159374" title="Fairfield Infectious Diseases Hospital">
Fairfield Infectious Diseases Hospital

Fairfield Infectious Diseases Hospital, originally known as Queens Memorial Infectious Diseases Hospital, operated from 1904 to its closure in 1996. Perched high on the banks of the Yarra River at Yarra Bend in the inner Melbourne suburb of Fairfield, it developed an international reputation for the research and treatment of infectious diseases. When it closed, it was the last specific infectious diseases hospital in Australia.
Initially the hospital was devoted to the treatment of patients with fevers. Diseases treated included typhoid, diphtheria, cholera, smallpox, poliomyelitis and scarlet fever, and in its final years, HIV/AIDS became very prominent.
Site and planning.
In the 1860s, the colony of Victoria was rife with diseases such as diphtheria, typhoid, small pox and scarlet fever. At the time, Melbourne had two general hospitals, Melbourne and Alfred and three specialist hospitals, Lying-In, Children's and Eye and Ear. These five hospitals were unable to cope with the annual bouts of infectious diseases which recurred frequently. The Colonial Government began discussing the idea of constructing a hospital to treat patients with infectious diseases. Two sites were considered, one at Yarra Bend and another further along Heidelberg Road. Yarra Bend was the preferred location however the local residents protested and the proposal was dropped.
Plans for an infectious diseases hospital were again considered in 1874 however no significant moves were made until 1897, the year of Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. Queen Victoria had made it know that any funds raised to celebrate her Jubilee should be used to help the sick. By November 1897, £16 000 was raised by municipal levies. The government granted of land at Yarra Bend, due north of the Yarra Bend Asylum. Tenders were listed in 1900 for the hospital's first buildings and construction was completed in 1901. Unfortunately all of the funds had been consumed by building the hospital and further money had to be sourced to furnish the buildings and employ staff.
Early years.
In 1904 the hospital opened its doors. Funds for operating the hospital were drawn from Melbourne, Fitzroy, Richmond, St. Kilda, Brunswick and Coburg councils. Each council contributed to the upkeep of the hospital and in return they had a seat on the Hospital Board and their ratepayers were treated free of charge. Other councils were required to pay for any of their residents who required the use of the hospital. Six patients were admitted to the hospital during its first week, one of whom died. This was a public scandal as the child who died was from Northcote and there had been a delay in admitting him whilst the Town Clerk of Northcote debated who was to pay for the boy's hospital fees.
Because of public disquiet about the running of the hospital, an inquiry was held in 1912. This led to a 1914 Act of Parliament, which established a board of management. In 1915 the board was further expanded with Northcote and Preston joining the board. All councils now contributed to the upkeep of the hospital as well as receiving funding from the State Government.
Polio epidemic.
In the late 1930s, Australia was struck by an epidemic of poliomyelitis. All acute cases were sent to Queen's Memorial Hospital and Medical Superintendent Dr F.V.G. Scholes, set aside 230 beds for polio patients. 1275 polio patients were admitted between July 1937 and July 1938. Most were less than 14 years old, 140 had respiratory paralysis and 106 required respirator treatment in an iron lung. Seventy seven of these patients died and many were permanently disabled. 
Prior to the 1937 epidemic, the hospital had only one iron lung, a 'Drinker' respirator. It had been imported from London to treat the occasional case of diphtheritic paralysis, a partial paralysis that may follow diphtheria, affecting the soft palate and throat muscles. With the onset of the 1937 epidemic, more respirators were urgently required. Six new wooden respirators were developed and installed by Aubrey Burstall, the Professor of Engineering at the University of Melbourne, with 23 more to follow shortly after. During the height of the epidemic, up to 47 patients were using the hospital's 30 respirators on a 'time share' basis.
Further polio epidemics in 1947-48 and 1951-52 saw more patients sent to Fairfield for treatment and rehabilitation. The discovery of Salk vaccine and Sabin vaccine in the 1950s saw polio virtually eradicated from Australia.
Fairfield Hospital.
After the Second World War, the mass production of penicillin and other antibiotics enabled a decline in several infectious diseases. As a result, in 1948 new legislation enabled the hospital to treat general medical and surgical patients, and the Queen's Memorial Hospital was renamed Fairfield Hospital.
In 1959 Vivian Bullwinkel is appointed Matron of Fairfield Infectious Diseases Hospital. After her retirement in 1977, she is honoured with The "Vivian Bullwinkel School of Nursing" being opened at Fairfield Hospital in September 1978.
Burnet Institute.
A virology laboratory was established at Fairfield Hospital in 1950 to undertake clinical, diagnostic and research services for the many patients with viral infections. Under the guidance of Dr Alan Ferris (1950–1970) and Professor Ian Gust (1970–1990), Fairfield gained a world wide reputation for education, research and treatment. The laboratory was the first to isolate hepatitis A virus and one of the first strains of respiratory syncytial virus (the A2 strain, now a reference A group virus). 
With the emergence of the HIV virus in Australia in the early 1980s, Fairfield Hospital and its virology laboratory became one of the primary centre's for patient care, diagnostic services, public health reference and research into AIDS in Australia. During this period it was suggested that the virology research functions should be transferred to a more independently managed research centre within Fairfield Hospital.
In 1983, Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet became the founding patron of the new research centre. Macfarlane Burnet, a Nobel Laureate had been appointed Honorary Consultant Epidemiologist at Fairfield Hospital in 1946, a position he held until his death in 1985. Following his death, Professor Gust and the Burnet family agreed that the virology research centre should be named the Macfarlane Burnet Centre for Medical Research (later changed to the Macfarlane Burnet Institute for Medical Research and Public Health), in honour of Sir Frank.
The Burnet Institute continued to operate on the grounds of Fairfield Hospital up until the hospital's closure.
HIV/AIDS.
In November 1982, the first case of AIDS was diagnosed at St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney. By mid 1983 AIDS was declared a notifiable disease in Victoria and Dr Ron Lucas, seconded to the CDC from Fairfield Hospital recommends that Fairfield staff warn the homosexual community of the impending illness. In November 1983, Fairfield's Professor Ian Gust begins a collaboration with Dr Luc Montagnier of the Pasteur Institute in Paris to develop tests to detect HIV infection. As a result of their success, the Fairfield Hospital Laboratory begings regular testing of Australian blood products in 1984, several months before the rest of the world.
The first patient with AIDS was admitted to Fairfield Hospital in April 1984. In October 1984 the first AIDS outpatients clinic at Fairfield Hospital opened on Friday afternoons. Twenty five percent of initial patients are found to be HIV+. During the late 1980s, admission rates to soar to 10,000 a year, as HIV infection rates continue to increase. In 1990 researchers from Fairfield Hospital publish findings from two of their studies about HIV resistance to the drug AZT during treatment. Their studies show that some people with HIV who take AZT develop resistance to the drug and then lose that resistance when treatment is stopped. They suggest that three or more drugs are needed to be used together to treat HIV effectively (also known as combination therapy).
Fairfield Hospital continued to offer care and treatment for patients with HIV and AIDS into the 1990s. In 1991, large public protests were organised against the possible closure of the hospital. However, by 1996 the majority of the hospital's HIV services had been relocated to The Alfred and Royal Melbourne Hospitals and Fairfield Hospital ceased operations.
AIDS Memorial Garden.
In the mid 1980s, the Victorian AIDS Council and the management of Fairfield Hospital proposed the establishment of a garden and walk for the use of Fairfield Hospital patients and their families, particularly those with HIV. An area of river frontage owned by Collingwood Council was initially proposed however it was eventually decided that a site on hospital grounds was more appropriate. Construction began 1987 with materials and professional services provided by volunteers, donators, the Victorian AIDS Council, Northcote City Council and Fairfield Hospital. The garden featured several Victorian style garden seats which were donated by families who had lost members through AIDS, a gazebo, rockeries and plantings of local indigenous plants and was on April 9, 1988.
The garden fell into disrepair following the closure of Fairfield Hospital. As part of the agreement to purchase the bulk of the former hospital's site, NMIT accepted responsibility for the care and maintenance of the garden. However when construction workers found vials of infectious diseases such as "E. coli" in the adjacent Yarra House, a strike was called and work on Yarra House (and the memorial garden) ceased. 
Initial intentions were that the garden not be a memorial but instead an area of respite and reflection.
Closure and redevelopment.
In September 1991 the Report of the Review of Infectious Diseases in Victoria recommended the relocation of HIV/AIDS services to The Alfred Hospital. Other infectious disease patients were to be cared for by the Royal Melbourne Hospital. In the 1990s, the Victorian Liberal Government of Jeff Kennett pursued the rationalisation of hospital services. Despite strong protests, the specialised functions of the hospital were transferred to other hospitals and on 30 June 1996 "Fairfield Infectious Diseases Hospital" closed down.
Since closure in 1996 most of the hospital site has been redeveloped. The northern portion of the site including the majority of the hospital buildings were sold to NMIT. Redevelopment of the site was halted in September 2001 when workers found vials of "E. coli" and other bacteria in the ceiling of one of the buildings. This resulted in industrial action, which was later addressed. Many of the remaining buildings have been adapted for use by NMIT. Also using part of the site is the Disability Forensic Assessment and Treatment Service, operated by the Department of Human Services. The Victorian Institute of Forensic Mental Health, Thomas Embling Hospital occupies the southern portion of the site, adjacent to the area formerly occupied by Fairlea Women's Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19159383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159383" title="Chain of Events">
Chain of Events

Chain of Events is a 1958 British film directed by Gerald Thomas from a play by Leo McKern. It starred Susan Shaw, Dermot Walsh, Jack Watling, Freddie Mills and Joan Hickson.

</doc>
<doc id="19159399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159399" title="East Timor">
East Timor

East Timor or Timor-Leste , officially the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, is a country in Australasia. It comprises the eastern half of the island of Timor, the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco, and Oecusse, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island, within Indonesian West Timor. The country's size is about 15,410 km (5,400 sq mi).
East Timor was colonised by Portugal in the 16th century, and was known as Portuguese Timor until Portugal's decolonisation of the country. In late 1975, East Timor declared its independence but later that year was invaded and occupied by Indonesia and was declared Indonesia's 27th province the following year. In 1999, following the United Nations-sponsored act of self-determination, Indonesia relinquished control of the territory, and East Timor became the first new sovereign state of the 21st century on May 20, 2002. After independence, East Timor became a member of the United Nations and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. It is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia, the other being the Philippines.
East Timor has a lower-middle-income economy. About 37.4% of the country's population lives below the international poverty linewhich means living on less than U.S. $1.25 per dayand about 50% of the population is illiterate. It continues to suffer the aftereffects of a decades-long struggle for independence against Indonesian occupation, which severely damaged the country's infrastructure and killed at least a hundred thousand people. The country is placed 134th on the Human Development Index (HDI). Nonetheless, East Timor is expected to have the sixth-largest percentage growth in GDP in the world for 2013.
Etymology.
"Timor" derives from "timur", the word for "east" in Indonesian and Malay, which became "Timor" in Portuguese and entered English as "Portuguese Timor". "Leste" is the Portuguese word for "east", resulting in "Timor-Leste" (East-East). "Lorosa'e" (lit "rising sun") is the word for "east" in Tetum, for "Timór Lorosa'e".
The official names under the Constitution are República Democrática de Timor-Leste in Portuguese and Repúblika Demokrátika Timor-Leste in Tetum.
The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) official short form in English and all other languages is "Timor-Leste" (codes: TLS & TL), which has been adopted by the United Nations, the European Union, and the national standards organisations of France (AFNOR), the United States of America (ANSI), United Kingdom (BSI), Germany (DIN), and Sweden (SIS).
History.
It is believed that descendants from at least three waves of migration still live in East Timor. The first were related to the principal Australoid indigenous groups of New Guinea and Australia, and arrived before 40,000 years ago. Around 3000 BC, Austronesians migrated to Timor, and are thought to be associated with the development of agriculture on the island. Thirdly, proto-Malays arrived from south China and north Indochina. Before colonialism Timor was included in Chinese and Indian trading networks, being in the 14th century an exporter of aromatic sandalwood, slaves, honey, and wax. It was the relative abundance of sandalwood in Timor that attracted European explorers to the island in the early 16th century. During that time, European explorers reported that the island had a number of small chiefdoms or princedoms.
The Portuguese established outposts in Timor and Maluku. Effective European occupation of a small part of the territory began in 1769, when the city of Dili was founded and the colony of Portuguese Timor declared. A definitive border between the Dutch colonised western half of the island and the Portuguese colonised eastern half of the island was established by the Permanent Court of Arbitration of 1914, and it remains the international boundary between the successor states East Timor and Indonesia. For the Portuguese, East Timor remained little more than a neglected trading post until the late nineteenth century, with minimal investment in infrastructure, health, and education. Sandalwood remained the main export crop with coffee exports becoming significant in the mid-nineteenth century. As was often the case, Portuguese rule was brutal and exploitative.
At the beginning of the twentieth century, a faltering home economy prompted the Portuguese to extract greater wealth from its colonies, which was met with East Timorese resistance. During World War II, the Japanese occupied Dili, and the mountainous interior became the scene of a guerrilla campaign, known as the Battle of Timor. Waged by Allied forces and East Timorese volunteers against the Japanese, the struggle resulted in the deaths of between 40,000 and 70,000 East Timorese. Following the end of the war, Portuguese control was reinstated.
The decolonisation process instigated by the 1974 Portuguese revolution saw Portugal effectively abandon the colony of East Timor. A civil war between supporters of East Timorese political parties, the Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor (Fretilin) and the Timorese Democratic Union (UDT), broke out in 1975 as the UDT attempted a coup that Fretilin resisted with the help of local Portuguese military. Independence was unilaterally declared by Fretilin on November 28, 1975. The Indonesian government was fearful of an independent communist state within the Indonesian archipelago, and at the height of the Cold War, Western governments were supportive of Indonesia's position. The Indonesian military launched a full-scale invasion of East Timor in December 1975. Indonesia declared East Timor its 27th province on July 17, 1976 (Timor Timur). The UN Security Council opposed the invasion and the territory's nominal status in the UN remained as "non-self-governing territory under Portuguese administration".
Indonesia's occupation of East Timor was marked by violence and brutality. A detailed statistical report prepared for the Commission for Reception, Truth and Reconciliation in East Timor cited a minimum bound of 102,800 conflict-related deaths in the period 1974–1999, namely, approximately 18,600 killings and 84,200 "excess" deaths from hunger and illness. The East Timorese guerrilla force, Falintil, fought a campaign against the Indonesian forces from 1975 to 1999. The 1991 Dili Massacre was a turning point for the independence cause internationally, and an East Timor solidarity movement grew in Portugal, Australia, and the United States.
Following the resignation of Indonesian President Suharto, a UN-sponsored agreement between Indonesia and Portugal allowed for a UN-supervised popular referendum in August 1999. The resulting clear vote for independence was met with a punitive campaign of violence by East Timorese pro-integration militia with the support of elements of the Indonesian military. With Indonesian permission, an Australian-led international peacekeeping force was deployed until order was restored. The administration of East Timor was taken over by the UN through the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET) in October 1999. The INTERFET deployment ended in February 2000 with the transfer of military command to the UN. By May 2002, over 205,000 refugees had returned, and East Timorese independence was formalised on 20 May 2002 with Xanana Gusmão sworn in as the country's first President. East Timor became a member of the UN on 27 September 2002.
The following year, Gusmão declined another presidential term and in the build-up to the April 2007 presidential elections there were renewed outbreaks of violence. José Ramos-Horta was elected President in the May 2007 election. Ramos-Horta was critically injured in an attempted assassination in February 2008. Prime Minister Gusmão also faced gunfire separately but escaped unharmed. Australian reinforcements were immediately sent to help keep order.
In 2006, the United Nations sent in security forces to restore order when unrest and factional fighting forced 15 percent of the population (155,000 people) to flee their homes. In March 2011, the UN handed-off operational control of the police force to the East Timor authorities. The United Nations ended its peacekeeping mission on December 31, 2012.
Government.
The head of state of East Timor is the President of East Timor, who is elected by popular vote for a five-year term. Although his executive powers are somewhat limited, the president does have veto power over government's legislation. Following elections, the president appoints the leader of the majority party or majority coalition as the Prime Minister of East Timor. As head of government, the prime minister presides over the cabinet.
The unicameral East Timorese parliament is the National Parliament or "Parlamento Nacional", whose members are elected by popular vote to a five-year term. The number of seats can vary from a minimum of fifty-two to a maximum of sixty-five. The East Timorese constitution was modeled on that of Portugal. The country is still in the process of building its administration and governmental institutions. Government departments include the Polícia Nacional de Timor-Leste (police), East Timor Ministry for State and Internal Administration, Civil Aviation Division of Timor-Leste, and Immigration Department of Timor-Leste.
Administrative divisions.
East Timor is divided into thirteen administrative districts, which, in turn, are subdivided into 65 subdistricts, 442 "sucos" (villages), and 2,225 "aldeias" (hamlets).
Foreign relations and military.
East Timor sought membership in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in 2007, and a formal application was submitted in March 2011. Indonesia supports East Timor's bid to join ASEAN.
The Timor Leste Defence Force (F-FDTL) is the military body responsible for the defence of East Timor. The F-FDTL was established in February 2001 and comprised two small infantry battalions, a small naval component, and several supporting units.
The F-FDTL's primary role is to protect East Timor from external threats. It also has an internal security role, which overlaps with that of the National Police of East Timor (Policia Nacional de Timor Leste, PNTL). This overlap has led to tensions between the services, which have been exacerbated by poor morale and lack of discipline within the F-FDTL.
The F-FDTL's problems came to a head in 2006 when almost half the force was dismissed following protests over discrimination and poor conditions. The dismissal contributed to a general collapse of both the F-FDTL and PNTL in May and forced the government to request foreign peacekeepers to restore security. The F-FDTL is being rebuilt with foreign assistance and has drawn up a long-term force development plan.
Geography.
Located in Southeast Asia, the island of Timor is part of the Maritime Southeast Asia, and is the largest and easternmost of the Lesser Sunda Islands. To the north of the island are the Ombai Strait, Wetar Strait, and the greater Banda Sea. The Timor Sea separates the island from Australia to the south, and the Indonesian Province of East Nusa Tenggara lies to East Timor's west.
Much of the country is mountainous, and its highest is Tatamailau (also known as Mount Ramelau) at .The climate is tropical and generally hot and humid. It is characterised by distinct rainy and dry seasons. The capital, largest city, and main port is Dili, and the second-largest city is the eastern town of Baucau. East Timor lies between latitudes 8° and 10°S, and longitudes 124° and 128°E.
The easternmost area of East Timor consists of the Paitchau Range and the Lake Ira Lalaro area, which contains the county's first conservation area, the Nino Konis Santana National Park. It contains the last remaining tropical dry forested area within the country. It hosts a number of unique plant and animal species and is sparsely populated. The northern coast is characterised by a number of coral reef systems that have been determined to be at risk.
Economy.
East Timor has a market economy that used to depend upon exports of a few commodities such as coffee, marble, oil, and sandalwood. East Timor's economy grew by about 10% in 2011 and at a similar rate in 2012.
Timor now has revenue from offshore oil and gas reserves, but little of it has gone to develop villages, which still rely on subsistence farming. Nearly half the population lives in extreme poverty.
The Timor-Leste Petroleum Fund was established in 2005, and by 2011 it had reached a worth of US$8.7 billion. East Timor is labelled by the International Monetary Fund as the "most oil-dependent economy in the world". The Petroleum Fund pays for nearly all of the government's annual budget, which has increased from $70 million in 2004 to $1.3 billion in 2011, with a $1.8 billion proposal for 2012.
The economy is dependent on government spending and, to a lesser extent, assistance from international donors. Private sector development has lagged due to human capital shortages, infrastructure weakness, an incomplete legal system, and an inefficient regulatory environment. After petroleum, the second largest export is coffee, which generates about $10 million a year. Starbucks is a major purchaser of East Timorese coffee.
According to data gathered in the 2010 census, 87.7% of urban and 18.9% of rural households have electricity, for an overall average of 36.7%.
The agriculture sector employs 80% of the active population. In 2009, about 67,000 households grew coffee in East Timor, with a large proportion being poor. Currently, the gross margins are about $120 per hectare, with returns per labor-day of about $3.70. There are 11,000 household growing mungbeans as of 2009, most of them subsistence farmers.
The country was ranked 169th overall and last in the East Asia and Pacific region by the Doing Business 2013 report by the World Bank. The country fared particularly poorly in the 'registering property', 'enforcing contracts' and 'resolving insolvency' categories, ranking last worldwide in all three.
The Portuguese colonial administration granted concessions to Oceanic Exploration Corporation to develop petroleum and natural gas deposits in the waters southeast of Timor. However, this was curtailed by the Indonesian invasion in 1976. The resources were divided between Indonesia and Australia with the Timor Gap Treaty in 1989. East Timor inherited no permanent maritime boundaries when it attained independence. A provisional agreement (the Timor Sea Treaty, signed when East Timor became independent on 20 May 2002) defined a Joint Petroleum Development Area (JPDA) and awarded 90% of revenues from existing projects in that area to East Timor and 10% to Australia. An agreement in 2005 between the governments of East Timor and Australia mandated that both countries put aside their dispute over maritime boundaries and that East Timor would receive 50% of the revenues from the resource exploitation in the area (estimated at A$26 billion, or about US$20 billion over the lifetime of the project) from the Greater Sunrise development. In 2013, East Timor launched a case at the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague to pull out of a gas treaty that it had signed with Australia, accusing the Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) of bugging the East Timorese cabinet room in Dili in 2004.
There are no patent laws in East Timor.
Demographics.
The population of East Timor is about 1,143,667. The population is especially concentrated in the area around Dili.
The word "Maubere", formerly used by the Portuguese to refer to native East Timorese and often employed as synonymous with the illiterate and uneducated, was adopted by FReTiLIn as a term of pride. They consist of a number of distinct ethnic groups, most of whom are of mixed Malayo-Polynesian and Melanesian/Papuan descent. The largest Malayo-Polynesian ethnic groups are the Tetum (100,000), primarily in the north coast and around Dili; the Mambai (80,000), in the central mountains; the Tukudede (63,170), in the area around Maubara and Liquiçá; the Galoli (50,000), between the tribes of Mambae and Makasae; the Kemak (50,000) in north-central Timor island; and the Baikeno (20,000), in the area around Pante Macassar.
The main tribes of predominantly Papuan origin include the Bunak (50,000), in the central interior of Timor island; the Fataluku (30,000), at the eastern tip of the island near Lospalos; and the Makasae, toward the eastern end of the island. As a result of interracial marriage which was common during the Portuguese era, there is a population of people of mixed East Timorese and Portuguese origin, known in Portuguese as "mestiços". There is a small Chinese minority, most of whom are Hakka. Many Chinese left in the mid-1970s.
Languages.
East Timor's two official languages are Portuguese and Tetum. Tetum belongs to the Austronesian family of languages spoken throughout Southeast Asia.
The 2010 census found that the most commonly spoken mother tongues were Tetum Prasa (mother tongue for 36.6% of the population), Mambai (12.5%), Makasai (9.7%), Tetum Terik (6.0%), Baikenu (5.9%), Kemak (5.9%), Bunak (5.3%), Tokodede (3.7%), and Fataluku (3.6%). Other indigenous languages largely accounted for the remaining 10.9%, while Portuguese was spoken natively by just under 600 people.
Under Indonesian rule, the use of Portuguese was banned and only Indonesian was allowed to be used in government offices, schools and public business. During the Indonesian occupation, Tetum and Portuguese were important unifying elements for the East Timorese people in opposing Javanese culture. Portuguese was adopted as one of the two official languages upon independence in 2002 for this reason and as a link to Lusophone nations in other parts of the world. It is now being taught and promoted with the help of Brazil, Portugal, and the Latin Union.
Indonesian and English are defined as working languages under the Constitution in the Final and Transitional Provisions, without setting a final date. Aside from Tetum, Ethnologue lists the following indigenous languages: Adabe, Baikeno, Bunak, Fataluku, Galoli, Habun, Idaté, Kairui-Midiki, Kemak, Lakalei, Makasae, Makuv'a, Mambae, Nauete, Tukudede, and Waima'a. It is estimated that English is understood by 31.4% of the population. 23.5% speak, read, and write Portuguese as of 2012, which is up significantly from less than 5% in the 2006 UN Development Report.
East Timor is a member of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries (also known as the Lusophone Commonwealth) and of the Latin Union.
According to the Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger, there are six endangered languages in East Timor: Adabe, Habu, Kairui-Midiki, Maku'a, Naueti, and Waima'a.
Education.
East Timor's adult literacy rate in 2010 was 58.3 per cent, up from just 37.6% in 2001. Illiteracy is higher among women. Illiteracy was at 95 per cent at the end of Portuguese rule. In 2006, 10% to 30% of primary-school age children did not attend school.
The National University of East Timor is the country's main university. There are also four colleges.
Since independence, both Indonesian and Tetum have lost ground as mediums of instruction, while Portuguese has increased: in 2001 only 8.4% of primary school and 6.8% of secondary school students attended a Portuguese-medium school; by 2005 this had increased to 81.6% for primary and 46.3% for secondary schools. Indonesian formerly played a considerable role in education, being used by 73.7% of all secondary school students as a medium of instruction, but by 2005 it was used by most schools only in Baucau, Manatuto, as well as the capital district.
Health.
Life expectancy at birth was at 60.7 in 2007. The fertility rate is at six births per woman. Healthy life expectancy at birth was at 55 years in 2007. Government expenditure on health was at US$150 (PPP) per person in 2006. Many people in East Timor lack safe drinking water. There were two hospitals and 14 village healthcare facilities in 1974. By 1994, there were 11 hospitals and 330 healthcare centres.
The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for East Timor is 370. This is compared with 928.6 in 2008 and 1016.3 in 1990. The under-5 mortality rate per 1,000 births is 60 and the neonatal mortality rate per 1,000 live births is 27. The number of midwives per 1,000 live births is 8 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women is 1 in 44.
By 2015, due to a Cuban–East Timorese training programme initiated in 2003, East Timor will have more doctors per capita than any other country in southeast Asia.
According to the Global Hunger Index of 2013, East Timor has an GHI indicator value of 29.6 indicating that the nation has an 'Alarming Hunger Situation' earning the nation the distinction of being the hungriest country in the entire continent of Asia and the 4th hungriest nation in the world.
In 2007, a bad harvest led to deaths in several parts of East Timor. By November, eleven subdistricts still needed food supplied by international aid.
Religion.
According to the 2010 census, 96.9% of the population profess Catholicism; 2.2% Protestantism or Evangelicalism; 0.3% are Muslim; and 0.5% practise some other or no religion. In rural areas, Catholicism is practised along with local traditions. The number of churches has grown from 100 in 1974 to over 800 in 1994.
The principles of freedom of religion and separation of state and church are enshrined in the section 45 comma 1 of the East Timorese constitution. Upon independence, East Timor became, with the Philippines, one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia, although nearby parts of eastern Indonesia such as West Timor and Flores also have Catholic majorities.
The Roman Catholic Church divides East Timor into three dioceses: the Diocese of Díli, the Diocese of Baucau, and the Diocese of Maliana. Church membership grew considerably under Indonesian rule as Indonesia's "Pancasila" state ideology requires all citizens to believe in God and does not recognise traditional beliefs. The constitution acknowledges "the participation of the Catholic Church in the process of national liberation" of East Timor.
Culture.
The culture of East Timor reflects numerous influences, including Portuguese, Roman Catholic and Indonesian, on Timor's indigenous Austronesian and Melanesian cultures. East Timorese culture is heavily influenced by Austronesian legends. For example, East Timorese creation myth has it that an aging crocodile transformed into the island of Timor as part of a debt repayment to a young boy who had helped the crocodile when it was sick. As a result, the island is shaped like a crocodile and the boy's descendants are the native East Timorese who inhabit it. The phrase "leaving the crocodile" refers to the pained exile of East Timorese from their island.
Arts.
There is also a strong tradition of poetry in the country. Prime Minister Xanana Gusmão, for example, is a distinguished poet. Architecturely, Portuguese-style buildings can be found, along with the traditional totem houses of the eastern region. These are known as "uma lulik" ("sacred houses") in Tetum and "lee teinu" ("legged houses") in Fataluku. Craftsmanship and the weaving of traditional scarves ("tais") is also widespread.
An extensive collection of Timorese audiovisual material is held at the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia. These holdings have been identified in a document titled The NFSA Timor-Leste Collection Profile, which features catalogue entries and essays for a total of 795 NFSA-held moving image, recorded sound and documentation works that have captured the history and culture of East Timor since the early 20th century. The NFSA is working with the East Timor government to ensure that all of this material can be used and accessed by the people of that country. In 2013 the first East Timorese feature film, "Beatriz's War", was released.
Cuisine.
The cuisine of East Timor consists of regional popular foods such as pork, fish, basil, tamarind, legumes, corn, rice, root vegetables, and tropical fruit. East Timorese cuisine has influences from Southeast Asian foods and from Portuguese dishes from its colonisation by Portugal. Flavours and ingredients from other former Portuguese colonies can be found due to the presence of Portuguese soldiers from other colonies in East Timor.
Sports.
Sports organisations joined by East Timor include the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), the International Badminton Federation (IBF), joined the Union Cycliste Internationale, the International Weightlifting Federation, the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF), and East Timor's national football team joined FIFA. East Timorese athletes competed in the 2003 Southeast Asian Games held 2003. In the 2003 ASEAN Paralympics Games, East Timor won a bronze medal. In the Athens 2004 Olympic Games, East Timorese athletes participated in athletics, weightlifting and boxing. East Timor won three medals in Arnis at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games. East Timor competed in the first Lusophony Games and, in October 2008, the country earned its first international points in a FIFA soccer match with a 2–2 draw against Cambodia. East Timor will compete at the 2014 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19159411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159411" title="Ciocănari">
Ciocănari

Ciocănari may refer to several villages in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="19159425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159425" title="Crabtree Creek">
Crabtree Creek

Crabtree Creek may refer to one of these streams:
There are also streams named Crabtree Creek in the U.S. states of Arizona, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia, as well as three other Crabtree Creeks in North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19159433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159433" title="Tocileni">
Tocileni

Tocileni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159446" title="Murasaki Station">
Murasaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="19159452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159452" title="Mike Doyle (comedian)">
Mike Doyle (comedian)

Mike Doyle is a Welsh comedian, vocalist and broadcaster born in Carmarthen, but he is now based in Bridgend. Doyle made his debut television back in 1988, winning the BBC's "Opportunity Knocks".
Mike has done many pantomimes and standup comedy shows including his very own televised series "The Mike Doyle Show" which aired on HTV (ITV Wales) in 2002. Mike has also done some work for BBC Radio Wales, 106.3 Bridge FM, 102.1 Bay Radio and Trade Centre Wales.
Mike has also presented a televised gameshow called The Lyrics Game for the BBC back in 2004.
He has also appeared in West End shows including playing the Big Bopper in "Buddy" and playing Vince Fontaine in "Grease". He released an album, "Every Word", in 1999.
At the moment he has his own show on 102.1 Bay Radio on Sunday morning between 9-10am, a show on 106.3 Bridge FM and is the voice of 'Trevor' in the Trade Centre Wales Car Adverts.
Mike's current single has been released to help raise money for Cardiff Institute for the Blind. The single is entitled "What Colour is the Wind?".

</doc>
<doc id="19159461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159461" title="Balliol College Boat Club">
Balliol College Boat Club

Balliol College Boat Club (BCBC) is the rowing club for members of Balliol College, Oxford, and is one of the college boat clubs in Oxford with regular success for both men and women.
Balliol also competes at external regattas including Marlow Regatta and Henley Royal Regatta.
History.
The College Archives are rich in material concerning the Boat Club from about 1840 onwards. The Buttery has an extensive collection of sports photographs and trophies including many to do with the Boat Club. Although it is questioned whether an official boat club existed until the 1850s.
The base of the Boat Club for the latter part of the nineteenth century and much of the twentieth was a grand barge which was moored on the Thames. The barge was bought from the Skinners' Company in 1859. The present Boathouse (semi-detached; New College has the other half) was opened in May 1959. The Barge was last seen in 1996 at Henley, when it was up for auction.
The first recorded headship by Balliol was in 1851, bumping Wadham on the first day, and later they reclaimed headship in 1855 on the seventh night after bumping Brasenose College. The College has been Head of the River in the Summer Eights many times, notably a longish run in the nineteen-fifties and also regaining the Headship in 2008. Balliol’s previous last reign at the Head of the River was when they were head of Torpids for three consecutive years (1968–71).
At Henley Royal Regatta, Balliol has won the following events:
Alumni.
Famous Balliol oarsmen have included Lord Justice Chitty, Edmond Warre (Head Master of Eton), Frederick Septimus Kelly (composer, killed in France 1916: considered one of the greatest oarsmen of all time having won at least one event at Henley Royal Regatta each year from 1902-1906 and Olympic gold in 1908), Cardinal Heard, Dan Snow (3 time 'Blue' and 2001 OUBC president), HM King Olav V of Norway and HM King Harald V of Norway.
Rivalries.
Not having traditionally been a "rowing college" over much of the last century, Balliol has few rivalries with other colleges. 
However, the Balliol/Trinity rivalry is felt more recently, as Trinity has caught up with Balliol in Summer Eights, and Balliol has defeated Trinity to claim victory in Christ Church Regatta both in 2013.
Recent Form.
In 2008, Balliol's Men regained the Head of the River in the Oxford Summer Eights competition, the first time in 52 years. As of 29 May 2010, the College's women are currently placed Head of the River in Summer Eights. The club has a history of developing new talent, and the club's lower boats have also performed very well in recent years. The combined efforts of the more experienced oarsmen and a talented crop of novices helped BCBC to top the bumps charts for both Torpids and Summer Eights in 2008 and 2009. The BCBC Torpids campaign of 2008 was the most successful campaign by an Oxford University college on record, with the five crews entered by Balliol College Boat Club bumping on average 5.4 times over the 4 days of racing.
Organisation.
The boat club is governed by a committee consisting of student representatives and an overseeing Senior Member (currently Douglas Dupree). All are unelected, or elected by the previous committee, and volunteer their time to the club.
Coaching.
The Men's 1st VIII is currently coached by Nick Fulton. The Women's 1st VIII are coached by Nick Bevan. Nick attended Balliol in 1960 and has had a long history in rowing coaching at schoolboy level. He was originally approached by Balliol to help coach the Men's 1st and 2nd VIIIs but has since found a home with the Women of Balliol.
Equipment.
BCBC has greatly benefited from the generous donations of old Balliolites over the years. The current men's and women's first boats, the 'Beeland Rogers' and the 'Happy Rogers' respectively, reflect this trend. Beeland Rogers is a R86 Empacher while Happy Rogers is a more standard lightweight K series boat.
Training Locations.
Novice and development crews train on the stretch of the Thames, known as the Isis, which flows through Oxford, but senior crews train further afield; the men train at Wallingford on the same stretch of the Thames as the Oxford University crews while the women train on the Godstow stretch just west of Oxford city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19159473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159473" title="Grand Blanc Community Schools">
Grand Blanc Community Schools

Grand Blanc Community Schools, or Grand Blanc School District, is a school district that serves the city of Grand Blanc, most of the Grand Blanc Township, parts of the City of Burton, Mundy Tonwship, Atlas Township in Genesee County, Michigan and part of Holly Township, Michigan in Oakland County, Michigan.
History.
The Grand Blanc public school district is the oldest in the state of Michigan, consolidating in 1904 in a 3-room schoolhouse on Saginaw Road. The school burned in 1920, and was replaced by a 15-room brick high school. This building has been added onto gradually and today is called the Ezra W. Perry Center. 
In 1992, the School District shut down its alternative education program. In 2007, Grand Blanc Schools restarted its alternative education program, The Center For Student Success, on the High School west campus.
Athletics.
In 2006, the entire Big Nine Conference applied for membership in the Flint Metro League to encourage discussion on a merger with only a single team accepted.
Grand Blanc Schools moved to the Kensington Lakes Activities Association starting in 2009-2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19159477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159477" title="Hurault">
Hurault

Hurault is a French surname. It has been held by :

</doc>
<doc id="19159484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159484" title="Ra'anan Cohen">
Ra'anan Cohen

Dr Ra'anan Cohen (, born 28 February 1941) is a former Israeli politician who served as a government minister during the early 2000s.
Biography.
Born in Baghdad in Iraq, Cohen made aliyah in 1951. During his youth he was a counsellor in the HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed youth movement, and was secretary of the Labor Party youth guard in Bnei Brak until 1970. He took Middle Eastern studies at Tel Aviv University, gaining a BA, MA and PhD in the subject. He served as chairman of Labor Party's Arab and Druze branch between 1975 and 1986. Between 1986 and 1992 he chaired the party's elections branch.
In 1988 he was elected to the Knesset on the Alignment's list. He was re-elected in 1992 (by which time the Alignment had merged into the Labor Party), and 1996. In December 1997 he was elected secretary-general of the party, winning 76% of the vote. He retained his seat in the 1999 elections (on the One Israel list), and in August 2000 was appointed Minister of Labor and Social Welfare in Ehud Barak's government following Shas' departure from the coalition government.
When Ariel Sharon formed a national unity government following the special election for Prime Minister in 2001, Cohen became a Minister without Portfolio. He left the cabinet on 18 August 2002 and resigned from the Knesset three days later, retiring from politics.
Cohen has written several books, including "Strangers in their Homeland: A Critical Study of Israel's Arab Citizens".

</doc>
<doc id="19159486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159486" title="Calderdale Council election, 2008">
Calderdale Council election, 2008

Elections to Calderdale Council were held on 1 May 2008. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
Overall results.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="19159493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159493" title="Microsoft POSIX subsystem">
Microsoft POSIX subsystem

Microsoft POSIX subsystem is one of 3 subsystems of several operating systems from the Windows NT family (together with OS/2 and Windows subsystems).
Microsoft Windows implements only the first version of the POSIX standards, namely POSIX.1. The official code of POSIX.1 is ISO/IEC 9945-1:1990 or IEEE standard 1003.1-1990. The subsystem was included because of 1980s US federal government's requirements listed in Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 151-2. Versions Windows NT 3.5, Windows NT 3.51 and Windows NT 4 were certified as compliant with the FIPS 151-2.
The runtime environment of the subsystem is provided by two files: psxss.exe and psxdll.dll. A POSIX application uses psxdll.dll to communicate with the subsystem while communicating with posix.exe to provide display capabilities on the Windows desktop.
The POSIX subsystem got removed with Windows XP / Windows Server 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19159496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159496" title="2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race">
2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race

The Women's Points Race was one of the 6 women's events at the 2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Melbourne, Australia.
22 Cyclists from 22 countries participated in the race. Because of the number of entries, there were no qualification rounds for this discipline. Consequently, the event was run direct to the final.
Final.
The Final and only race was run at 19:55 on May 29. The competition consisted on 100 laps, making a total of 25 km with 10 sprints.
"Elapsed Time"=32:32.100
"Average Speed"=46.104 km/h

</doc>
<doc id="19159504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159504" title="Étienne-Joseph Hurault">
Étienne-Joseph Hurault

Étienne-Joseph Hurault (28 October 1873, Châlons-sur-Marne - 7 April 1934) was a French Roman Catholic bishop.
He was bishop of Viviers from 1923 to 1930 (designated 20 December 1923, ordained bishop 25 March 1924 and installed the following 1 April) and bishop of Nancy from 1930 to 1934 (designated bishop 23 December 1930, installed 12 February 1931).

</doc>
<doc id="19159508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159508" title="Culture">
Culture

Culture (, lit. "cultivation") is a modern concept based on a term first used in classical antiquity by the Roman orator Cicero: ""cultura animi"" (cultivation of the soul). This non-agricultural use of the term ""culture"" re-appeared in modern Europe in the 17th century referring to the betterment or refinement of individuals, especially through education. During the 18th and 19th century it came to refer more frequently to the common reference points of whole peoples, and discussion of the term was often connected to national aspirations or ideals. Some scientists such as Edward Tylor used the term "culture" to refer to a universal human capacity.
In the 20th century, "culture" emerged as a central concept in anthropology, encompassing the range of human phenomena that cannot be directly attributed to genetic inheritance. Specifically, the term "culture" in American anthropology had two meanings:
Hoebel describes culture as an integrated system of learned behavior patterns which are characteristic of the members of a society and which are not a result of biological inheritance.
Distinctions are currently made between the physical artifacts created by a society, its so-called material culture, and everything else, the intangibles such as language, customs, etc. that are the main referent of the term "culture".
Etymology.
The modern term "culture" is based on a term used by the Ancient Roman orator Cicero in his "Tusculan Disputations", where he wrote of a cultivation of the soul or ""cultura animi"", using an agricultural metaphor for the development of a philosophical soul, understood teleologically as the highest possible ideal for human development. Samuel Pufendorf took over this metaphor in a modern context, meaning something similar, but no longer assuming that philosophy was man's natural perfection. His use, and that of many writers after him ""refers to all the ways in which human beings overcome their original barbarism, and through artifice, become fully human"".
As described by Velkley: The term "culture," which originally meant the cultivation of the soul or mind, acquires most of its later modern meanings in the writings of the 18th-century German thinkers, who were on various levels developing Rousseau's criticism of ″modern liberalism and Enlightenment″. Thus a contrast between "culture" and "civilization" is usually implied in these authors, even when not expressed as such.
Two primary meanings of culture emerge from this period: culture as the folk-spirit having a unique identity, and culture as cultivation of waywardness or free individuality. The first meaning is predominant in our current use of the term "culture," although the second still plays a large role in what we think culture should achieve, namely the full "expression" of the unique or "authentic" self.
Change.
Cultural invention has come to mean any innovation that is new and found to be useful to a group of people and expressed in their behavior but which does not exist as a physical object. Humanity is in a global "accelerating culture change period," driven by the expansion of international commerce, the mass media, and above all, the human population explosion, among other factors.
Cultures are internally affected by both forces encouraging change and forces resisting change. These forces are related to both social structures and natural events, and are involved in the perpetuation of cultural ideas and practices within current structures, which themselves are subject to change. (See structuration.)
Social conflict and the development of technologies can produce changes within a society by altering social dynamics and promoting new cultural models, and spurring or enabling generative action. These social shifts may accompany ideological shifts and other types of cultural change. For example, the U.S. feminist movement involved new practices that produced a shift in gender relations, altering both gender and economic structures. Environmental conditions may also enter as factors. For example, after tropical forests returned at the end of the last ice age, plants suitable for domestication were available, leading to the invention of agriculture, which in turn brought about many cultural innovations and shifts in social dynamics.
Cultures are externally affected via contact between societies, which may also produce—or inhibit—social shifts and changes in cultural practices. War or competition over resources may impact technological development or social dynamics. Additionally, cultural ideas may transfer from one society to another, through diffusion or acculturation. In diffusion, the form of something (though not necessarily its meaning) moves from one culture to another. For example, hamburgers, fast food in the United States, seemed exotic when introduced into China. "Stimulus diffusion" (the sharing of ideas) refers to an element of one culture leading to an invention or propagation in another. "Direct Borrowing" on the other hand tends to refer to technological or tangible diffusion from one culture to another. Diffusion of innovations theory presents a research-based model of why and when individuals and cultures adopt new ideas, practices, and products.
Acculturation has different meanings, but in this context refers to replacement of the traits of one culture with those of another, such as what happened to certain Native American tribes and to many indigenous peoples across the globe during the process of colonization. Related processes on an individual level include assimilation (adoption of a different culture by an individual) and transculturation.
Early modern discourses.
German Romanticism.
The German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724–1804) has formulated an individualist definition of "enlightenment" similar to the concept of "bildung": "Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity." He argued that this immaturity comes not from a lack of understanding, but from a lack of courage to think independently. Against this intellectual cowardice, Kant urged: "Sapere aude", "Dare to be wise!" In reaction to Kant, German scholars such as Johann Gottfried Herder (1744–1803) argued that human creativity, which necessarily takes unpredictable and highly diverse forms, is as important as human rationality. Moreover, Herder proposed a collective form of "bildung": "For Herder, Bildung was the totality of experiences that provide a coherent identity, and sense of common destiny, to a people."
In 1795, the great linguist and philosopher Wilhelm von Humboldt (1767–1835) called for an anthropology that would synthesize Kant's and Herder's interests. During the Romantic era, scholars in Germany, especially those concerned with nationalist movements—such as the nationalist struggle to create a "Germany" out of diverse principalities, and the nationalist struggles by ethnic minorities against the Austro-Hungarian Empire—developed a more inclusive notion of culture as "worldview"("Weltanschauung"). According to this school of thought, each ethnic group has a distinct worldview that is incommensurable with the worldviews of other groups. Although more inclusive than earlier views, this approach to culture still allowed for distinctions between "civilized" and "primitive" or "tribal" cultures.
In 1860, Adolf Bastian (1826–1905) argued for "the psychic unity of mankind". He proposed that a scientific comparison of all human societies would reveal that distinct worldviews consisted of the same basic elements. According to Bastian, all human societies share a set of "elementary ideas" ("Elementargedanken"); different cultures, or different "folk ideas" ("Völkergedanken"), are local modifications of the elementary ideas. This view paved the way for the modern understanding of culture. Franz Boas (1858–1942) was trained in this tradition, and he brought it with him when he left Germany for the United States.
English Romanticism.
In the 19th century, humanists such as English poet and essayist Matthew Arnold (1822–1888) used the word "culture" to refer to an ideal of individual human refinement, of "the best that has been thought and said in the world." This concept of culture is comparable to the German concept of "bildung": "...culture being a pursuit of our total perfection by means of getting to know, on all the matters which most concern us, the best which has been thought and said in the world."
In practice, "culture" referred to an élite ideal and was associated with such activities as art, classical music, and haute cuisine. As these forms were associated with urban life, "culture" was identified with "civilization" (from lat. "civitas", city). Another facet of the Romantic movement was an interest in folklore, which led to identifying a "culture" among non-elites. This distinction is often characterized as that between high culture, namely that of the ruling social group, and low culture. In other words, the idea of "culture" that developed in Europe during the 18th and early 19th centuries reflected inequalities within European societies.
Matthew Arnold contrasted "culture" with anarchy; other Europeans, following philosophers Thomas Hobbes and Jean-Jacques Rousseau, contrasted "culture" with "the state of nature". According to Hobbes and Rousseau, the Native Americans who were being conquered by Europeans from the 16th centuries on were living in a state of nature; this opposition was expressed through the contrast between "civilized" and "uncivilized." According to this way of thinking, one could classify some countries and nations as more civilized than others and some people as more cultured than others. This contrast led to Herbert Spencer's theory of Social Darwinism and Lewis Henry Morgan's theory of cultural evolution. Just as some critics have argued that the distinction between high and low cultures is really an expression of the conflict between European elites and non-elites, some critics have argued that the distinction between civilized and uncivilized people is really an expression of the conflict between European colonial powers and their colonial subjects.
Other 19th-century critics, following Rousseau, have accepted this differentiation between higher and lower culture, but have seen the refinement and sophistication of high culture as corrupting and unnatural developments that obscure and distort people's essential nature. These critics considered folk music (as produced by "the folk", i.e., rural, illiterate, peasants) to honestly express a natural way of life, while classical music seemed superficial and decadent. Equally, this view often portrayed indigenous peoples as "noble savages" living authentic and unblemished lives, uncomplicated and uncorrupted by the highly stratified capitalist systems of the West.
In 1870 the anthropologist Edward Tylor (1832–1917) applied these ideas of higher versus lower culture to propose a theory of the evolution of religion. According to this theory, religion evolves from more polytheistic to more monotheistic forms. In the process, he redefined culture as a diverse set of activities characteristic of all human societies. This view paved the way for the modern understanding of culture.
20th-century discourses.
Anthropology.
American anthropology.
Although anthropologists worldwide refer to Tylor's definition of culture, in the 20th century "culture" emerged as the central and unifying concept of American anthropology, where it most commonly refers to the universal human capacity to classify and encode human experiences symbolically, and to communicate symbolically encoded experiences socially. American anthropology is organized into four fields, each of which plays an important role in research on culture: biological anthropology, linguistic anthropology, cultural anthropology, and archaeology. Research in these fields has influenced anthropologists working in other countries to different degrees.
Sociology.
The sociology of culture concerns culture—usually understood as the ensemble of symbolic codes used by a society —as it is manifested in society. For Georg Simmel, culture referred to "the cultivation of individuals through the agency of external forms which have been objectified in the course of history". Culture in the sociological field can be defined as the ways of thinking, the ways of acting, and the material objects that together shape a people's way of life. Culture can be any of two types, non-material culture or material culture.
Cultural sociology first emerged in Weimar Germany, where sociologists such as Alfred Weber used the term "Kultursoziologie" (cultural sociology). Cultural sociology was then "reinvented" in the English-speaking world as a product of the "cultural turn" of the 1960s, which ushered in structuralist and postmodern approaches to social science. This type of cultural sociology may loosely be regarded as an approach incorporating cultural analysis and critical theory. Cultural sociologists tend to reject scientific methods, instead hermeneutically focusing on words, artifacts and symbols. "Culture" has since become an important concept across many branches of sociology, including resolutely scientific fields like social stratification and social network analysis. As a result, there has been a recent influx of quantitative sociologists to the field. Thus there is now a growing group of sociologists of culture who are, confusingly, not cultural sociologists. These scholars reject the abstracted postmodern aspects of cultural sociology, and instead look for a theoretical backing in the more scientific vein of social psychology and cognitive science. "Cultural sociology" is one of the largest sections of the American Sociological Association. The British establishment of cultural studies means the latter is often taught as a loosely-distinct discipline in the UK.
Early researchers and development of cultural sociology.
The sociology of culture grew from the intersection between sociology, as shaped by early theorists like Marx, Durkheim, and Weber, and with the growing discipline of anthropology where researchers pioneered ethnographic strategies for describing and analyzing a variety of cultures around the world. Part of the legacy of the early development of the field is still felt in the methods (much of cultural sociological research is qualitative) in the theories (a variety of critical approaches to sociology are central to current research communities) and substantive focus of the field. For instance, relationships between popular culture, political control, and social class were early and lasting concerns in the field.
Cultural studies.
In the United Kingdom, sociologists and other scholars influenced by Marxism, such as Stuart Hall and Raymond Williams, developed cultural studies. Following nineteenth-century Romantics, they identified "culture" with consumption goods and leisure activities (such as art, music, film, food, sports, and clothing). Nevertheless, they understood patterns of consumption and leisure to be determined by relations of production, which led them to focus on class relations and the organization of production. In the United States, "Cultural Studies" focuses largely on the study of popular culture, that is, the social meanings of mass-produced consumer and leisure goods. The term was coined by Richard Hoggart in 1964 when he founded the Birmingham Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies or CCCS. It has since become strongly associated with Stuart Hall, who succeeded Hoggart as Director. Cultural studies in this sense, then, can be viewed as a limited concentration scoped on the intricacies of consumerism, which belongs to a wider culture sometimes referred to as "Western Civilization," or "Globalism."
From the 1970s onward, Stuart Hall's pioneering work, along with his colleagues Paul Willis, Dick Hebdige, Tony Jefferson, and Angela McRobbie, created an international intellectual movement. As the field developed it began to combine political economy, communication, sociology, social theory, literary theory, media theory, film/video studies, cultural anthropology, philosophy, museum studies and art history to study cultural phenomena or cultural texts. In this field researchers often concentrate on how particular phenomena relate to matters of ideology, nationality, ethnicity, social class, and/or gender. Cultural studies is concerned with the meaning and practices of everyday life. These practices comprise the ways people do particular things (such as watching television, or eating out) in a given culture. This field studies the meanings and uses people attribute to various objects and practices. Specifically, culture involves those meanings and practices held independently of reason. Watching television in order to view a public perspective on a historical event should not be thought of as culture, unless referring to the medium of television itself, which may have been selected culturally; however, schoolchildren watching television after school with their friends in order to "fit in" certainly qualifies, since there is no grounded reason for one's participation in this practice. Recently, as capitalism has spread throughout the world (a process called globalization), cultural studies has begun to analyse local and global forms of resistance to Western hegemony.
In the context of cultural studies, the idea of a "text" not only includes written language, but also films, photographs, fashion or hairstyles: the texts of cultural studies comprise all the meaningful artifacts of culture. Similarly, the discipline widens the concept of "culture". "Culture" for a cultural studies researcher not only includes traditional high culture (the culture of ruling social groups) and popular culture, but also everyday meanings and practices. The last two, in fact, have become the main focus of cultural studies. A further and recent approach is comparative cultural studies, based on the discipline of comparative literature and cultural studies.
Scholars in the United Kingdom and the United States developed somewhat different versions of cultural studies after the field's inception in the late 1970s. The British version of cultural studies was developed in the 1950s and 1960s mainly under the influence first of Richard Hoggart, E. P. Thompson, and Raymond Williams, and later Stuart Hall and others at the Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies at the University of Birmingham. This included overtly political, left-wing views, and criticisms of popular culture as 'capitalist' mass culture; it absorbed some of the ideas of the Frankfurt School critique of the "culture industry" (i.e. mass culture). This emerges in the writings of early British cultural-studies scholars and their influences: see the work of (for example) Raymond Williams, Stuart Hall, Paul Willis, and Paul Gilroy.
Whereas in the United States Lindlof & Taylor said, "Cultural studies grounded in a pragmatic, liberal-pluralist tradition". The American version of cultural studies initially concerned itself more with understanding the subjective and appropriative side of audience reactions to, and uses of, mass culture; for example, American cultural-studies advocates wrote about the liberatory aspects of fandom. The distinction between American and British strands, however, has faded. Some researchers, especially in early British cultural studies, apply a Marxist model to the field. This strain of thinking has some influence from the Frankfurt School, but especially from the structuralist Marxism of Louis Althusser and others. The main focus of an orthodox Marxist approach concentrates on the "production" of meaning. This model assumes a mass production of culture and identifies power as residing with those producing cultural artifacts. In a Marxist view, those who control the means of production (the economic "base") essentially control a culture. Other approaches to cultural studies, such as feminist cultural studies and later American developments of the field, distance themselves from this view. They criticize the Marxist assumption of a single, dominant meaning, shared by all, for any cultural product. The non-Marxist approaches suggest that different ways of consuming cultural artifacts affect the meaning of the product. This view is best exemplified by the book "Doing Cultural Studies: The Case of the Sony Walkman" (by Paul du Gay et al.), which seeks to challenge the notion that those who produce commodities control the meanings that people attribute to them. Feminist cultural analyst, theorist and art historian Griselda Pollock contributed to cultural studies from viewpoints of art history and psychoanalysis. The writer Julia Kristeva is among influential voices in the turn of the century, contributing to cultural studies from the field of art and psychoanalytical French feminism.

</doc>
<doc id="19159554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159554" title="Louis Marie Charles Hurault de Sorbée">
Louis Marie Charles Hurault de Sorbée

Louis Marie Charles Hurault de Sorbée (born 17 April 1786, Reims) was a French soldier. He fought at the Battle of Waterloo and the French capture of Algiers and was made a colonel of his regiment in the wake of the July Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19159560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159560" title="Teresa Patrício de Gouveia">
Teresa Patrício de Gouveia

Maria Teresa Pinto Basto Patrício de Gouveia, GCIH (born on 18 July 1946), is a Portuguese Politician.
Background.
She is a daughter of Afonso Patrício de Gouveia (Guarda, Sé, 18 July 1915 -) and wife Maria Madalena d'Orey Ferreira Pinto Basto (Lisbon, 19 August 1925 -), from a Family of the high Bourgeoisie and some Nobility and of more or less distant English, German, French and Italian descent. One of her brothers, António, was killed in Camarate with Francisco Sá Carneiro and his mistress and Adelino Amaro da Costa and his wife.
Career.
She is a Licentiate in History from the Faculty of Letters of the University of Lisbon.
She became a member of the European Council, Secretary of State for Culture and Minister for the Environment and Natural Resources in the XIth Constitutional Government, Deputy to the Assembly of the Republic, Minister of Foreign Affairs (2003–2004), Minister of Culture and President of the Serralves Foundation.
Decorations.
She was decorated with the Grand Cross of the Order of Prince Henry (Ordem do Infante Dom Henrique).
Marriage and child.
She married in Lisbon on 4 August 1971 and divorced on 20 February 1981 Writer and Poet Alexandre O'Neill. The couple had a son:

</doc>
<doc id="19159577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159577" title="Dan Lashley">
Dan Lashley

Dan Lashley is an independent film director, writer, and actor from Bowling Green, Kentucky, United States.
Past Films.
"Communication Breakdown". is a movie about a group of radio employees try to maintain their friendship (as well as their sanity) when the independent station they work for is sold to a faceless corporation. 'Clerks'-meets-'Empire Records'-via the airwaves.
Upcoming Films.
Lashley is currently working on an independent film titled Rose Colored Miles which will feature former WWE European Champion, Al Snow among many others including Lashley himself and independent Camden, Tennessee, United States musician Michael Sandefer known by his stage name Michael Epic.
On November 4, 2009, it was announced that a script taken from an original story by Lashley, entitled "One Night With You," would go into production in 2010, produced by Scott M. Rosenfelt, producer of such films as "Home Alone," "Mystic Pizza," "Teen Wolf," and Oscar-winner Barry Levinson's adaptation of Larry Gelbart's Tony-winning play "City of Angels."
References.
http://www.imdb.com/news/ni1154068/
http://www.moviejungle.com/newsDetails.aspx?ArticleID=3435
http://www.lostcolonyentertainment.com

</doc>
<doc id="19159578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159578" title="Castle in the Air (film)">
Castle in the Air (film)

Castle in the Air is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Henry Cass and starring David Tomlinson, Helen Cherry, Margaret Rutherford and Gordon Jackson. It was adapted from the play by Alan Melville.
Plot summary.
The impecunious owner of a haunted Scottish castle has to juggle the advances of an American heiress who wishes to buy him out, the love of his long time assistant who wants to marry him, and a Coal Board official who wishes to commandeer the estate. The British National Coal Board wants to annex the owner's castle as a group home for local miners and their families. Wealthy, much-married American Mrs. Clodfelter Dunne (Barbara Kelly) wants to claim the castle--and its owner, the Earl of Locharne (David Tomlinson)--for herself. Meanwhile, eccentric boarder Miss Nicholson (Margaret Rutherford) is obsessed with the idea that the Earl is actually the rightful King of Scotland. There is also a beautiful ghost, played by Patricia Dainton. "Castle in the Air" was based on the popular stage play by Alan Melville.
Differences from play.
The play's author, Alan Melville wrote the film's screenplay with the producer Edward Dryhurst. Melville was a successful writer of revues in the 1940's, and as a playwright, some of his notable successes include "Simon and Laura" and "Dear Charles". "Castle in the Air" displays Melville's skill for sophisticated wit, sharp repartee and disarming nonsense talk. Coral Browne appeared in it's West End London run at the Adelphi theatre, in 1949-50.

</doc>
<doc id="19159587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159587" title="Radju Lauretana">
Radju Lauretana

Radju Lauretana, is a Maltese local community radio based in the village of Għajnsielem on the island of Gozo. It transmits for 3 months a year, the month of the Ghajnsielem Feast (August) and during the Christmas & Easter periods. The station currently broadcasts on 89.3 FM and internationally by streaming audio through the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19159590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159590" title="Aaron Morris">
Aaron Morris

Aaron John Morris (born 30 December 1989) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender for League Two side AFC Wimbledon. He can also play as a midfielder and has represented the Wales under-21 national football team.
Club career.
Cardiff City.
Joining Cardiff City as a youth player, Morris made his first-team debut in a 1–0 victory over Welshpool Town on 23 January 2007 in the FAW Premier Cup and went on to play in the semi-final penalty shoot-out defeat to Newport County three weeks later. The FAW Premier Cup matches would be the only matches he played for the first team during the 2007–08 season.
The start of the 2008–09 season saw Morris handed a full first-team squad number for the first time. In August 2008 Morris was set to join Bournemouth on loan, along with fellow Cardiff player Jonathan Brown. The move fell through later after both clubs overlooked the fact that Morris was still only an academy scholar at Cardiff and was ineligible to be loaned out. On 26 August 2008, Morris came on as a substitute during Cardiff's 2–1 League Cup victory over Milton Keynes Dons after Darcy Blake suffered a hamstring injury.
In December 2009 Morris joined Conference South leaders Newport County initially on a one-month loan arrangement, making his debut in a 3–0 win over Dorchester Town on 28 December. His loan period at Newport concluded 29 February 2010. After returning to Cardiff, Morris made his league debut for the club in the final league game of the 2009–10 season as a substitute in place of Solomon Taiwo during a 2–0 defeat to Derby County. At the end of the 2009–10 season Morris was released by Cardiff, having played 4 games for the club.
Aldershot Town.
Following his release, Morris spent time on trial with Brighton & Hove Albion and Exeter City before joining League Two side Aldershot Town on 30 July. In his first start, Morris was named sponsors Man of the Match following a 0–0 draw with Wycombe Wanderers on 18 September 2010. In his first season at Aldershot, Morris made 25 appearances in all competitions. The following season he was a regular face in the first team squad, playing 45 games in all competitions and scoring his first career goal in a 1–0 victory at Macclesfield Town on 18 February 2012. He scored his second career goal less than a month later on 13 March 2012, scoring after 4 minutes to give Aldershot a 1–0 lead at Crawley Town in a game that ended 2–2. Morris's third season at Aldershot was also his final season with the club, he was everpresent in the side, making 44 apearances, before suffering cruciate ligament damage in the 18th minute of a 3–2 victory over Oxford United that ended his season. He was released at the end of the season as his contract with Aldershot expired and the club was relegated from The Football League.
AFC Wimbledon.
Morris once again linked up with Neal Ardley, who brought him through the ranks at Cardiff City, by signing for AFC Wimbledon on 10 January 2014. On the transfer, Ardley stated "I would have signed Aaron in the summer if he was not injured, Aaron can play in a number of positions, but he can be a very good centre-back in my eyes". Morris later tweeted "Been a tough road back but delighted to be back on track and to have signed at AFC Wimbledon, good things to come I'm sure".
International career.
In June 2008, Morris was named as a stand-by player for the U19 squad for the Milk Cup tournament held in Northern Ireland. He received his first call-up to the Wales U21 side in February 2009, but the scheduled match against Northern Ireland U21's was called off due to adverse weather. Morris received his second call-up a month later for the qualifying matches against Luxembourg, being handed his first cap in the second meeting of the two sides when he played a full 90 minutes in a 5–1 win.
Personal life.
He has four siblings: three younger brothers and a younger sister.

</doc>
<doc id="19159592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159592" title="Lily Beaurepaire">
Lily Beaurepaire

Lilian "Lily" Beaurepaire (born 15 September 1893 in Lorne, Victoria) was an Australian woman swimmer and diver who represented Australia at the 1920 Summer Olympics at Antwerp. She was a sister of Frank Beaurepaire who also represented Australia in swimming at these and other 
Olympics. 
In 1920 she competed in the Women's 100m freestyle, 400m freestyle and Plain High Diving.

</doc>
<doc id="19159600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159600" title="Nesian 101">
Nesian 101

"Nesian 101" is the first single released by New Zealand group Nesian Mystik from their album Elevator Musiq. The single was released in 2008, under Bounce/Universal Records.
The song was released as a single in 2008 where it debuted at #36 on the RIANZ New Zealand chart. It later reached #1 on the chart. 
The single was certified platinum in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19159633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159633" title="2008 Australian Rally Championship">
2008 Australian Rally Championship

The 2008 Australian Rally Championship Season is the 41st Season in the history of the competition. This year once again there will be 6 classes in the competition and over 50 official drivers and 48 teams.
The Rallies.
The 2008 Season has once again featured a total of 6 Rallies across Australia starting at the QUIT Rally until the final event at Coffs Harbour.
Teams & Drivers.
Officially, this season, there will be only one factory-built team competing in the competition. This will be the TTR (Toyota Team Racing) Team. They win the Manufacturer's title for the 3rd consecutive season by default, this is due to the Ford-based Focus RS team of last season pulling out and instead deciding to field a Subaru and changed their Name to PIRTEK LWR Rally Team.
There are other manufacturers competing as Privateer teams which don't represent the manufacturer unlike the TTR team which represents Toyota, such as the Evans Motorsport Team which uses a Subaru but isn't backed by the manufacturer. All in all, there will be over 50 drivers competing across numerous classes. The Super 2000 class will once again be the Top-Category which is followed by the Group N and the Privateers competition which sees privately owned teams competing.
Broadcasting.
The series will once again be broadcast on the Australian channel, Channel 10 which will have a 1 hour magazine-type show on Sunday afternoons, on the same week as the events are actually taking place and concluding. All of the events will be broadcast between 12 p.m. and 1 p.m on Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="19159641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159641" title="Joseph Pasquale Crazzolara">
Joseph Pasquale Crazzolara

Joseph Pasquale Crazzolara (12 April 1884 – 25 March 1976) was a Christian missionary in Africa, an ethnologist and a linguist.

</doc>
<doc id="19159660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159660" title="Korni Grupa">
Korni Grupa

Korni Grupa (Serbian Cyrillic: Корни Група, trans. "Korni Group") was a Serbian and Yugoslav rock band from Belgrade, also known as the Kornelyans, the name which they used during a short-lived foray into the international market. Formed in 1968, Korni Grupa was one of the first Yugoslav rock bands to achieve major mainstream popularity, and the first Yugoslav supergroup. Korni Grupa is considered to be one of the most prominent and influential bands in the history of rock music in Yugoslavia.
Since the beginning of their career, the band had developed a two-way musical development, one of commercial pop rock music aimed for mainstream popularity, and the other, an artistically influenced progressive rock sound crossed with influences of psychedelic, folk, jazz and symphonic rock music. The band was led by keyboard player Kornelije Kovač whom with the bassist Bojan Hreljac and drummer Vladimir Furduj and guitarist Velibor Kacl formed the band. After changing several vocalists, Miroslava Kojadinović, Dušan Prelević and Dalibor Brun, and releasing several singles, the band's vocalist became Dado Topić who brought along his former bandmate Josip Boček as the replacement for Kacl. The lineup recorded an album's worth material, released posthumously as "1941.", before Topić's departure. His substitute was Zdravko Čolić who after a six-month period left the spot to Zlatko Pejaković. 
With Pejaković the band recorded their eponymous debut album, the first full length rock album in SR Serbia and fourth in Yugoslavia and an English language second album "Not an Ordinary Life", under the name Kornelyans. The band had also performed at the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest reaching the 12th place, owing to which, along with the little success of the second album, the band had decided to split. They held two farewell concerts at the Novi Sad Studio M and disbanded on December 1, 1974. A part of the recordings from the concerts was released on the posthumous compilation album "Mrtvo more", the first double album in the history of Yugoslav rock music. After the band disbandment, the band members pursued careers as studio musicians, producers and solo acts and reunited in 1987 with Topić on vocals for two performances, in Zagreb and Belgrade.
History.
Early years (1968–1969).
Having left the Sarajevo band Indexi in 1968, keyboardist Kornelije "Bata" Kovač returned to Belgrade and after meeting bassist Bojan Hreljac, former member of recently disbanded Elipse, the two decided to form a new band, inviting drummer Vladimir "Furda" Furduj, Hreljac's former bandmate from Elipse, and guitarist Velibor "Borko" Kacl from the also recently disbanded Zlatni Dečaci. Korni Grupa completed its lineup with the arrival of the female singer Miroslava "Seka" Kojadinović in September 1968, with the event receiving a significant media coverage due to the members being well known public figures owing to their previous work, and thus the band had become the first Yugoslav supergroup. The band had its first live appearance at the Belgrade Dom Sindikata during the Sportsman of the Year award ceremony. The performance featured two go-go dancers appearing on stage with the band which performed several songs they have written during the rehearsals at Hreljac's garage and a cover version of the song "If You Go Away" in which the band had used the sounds of the sea played on a tape recorder placed inside the piano. The performance provided the band with the public's attention and opportunities to perform live at numerous places in Belgrade.
One of such performances was at Belgrade's Dom Omladine, where they held a conceptual multimedia performance with painter Raša Trkulja painting during the performance, ballerinas closed in multicolored plastic cylinders which would blur their silhouettes during their dancing, and actors performing sketches such as dusting the piano or the "Lady With the Dog" sketch in which a lady would walk a man on a leash in the first part of the performance and the man walking the lady in the second part. The band was also invited to perform in the Radio Belgrade show "Studio VI vam pruža šansu" ("Studio VI Gives You a Chance"), however, Kojadinović refused to sing, so for the band's appearance in the show Kovač provided the lead vocals. The reason for her refusal was the selection of the songs for the performance, including the pop song "Marijan", the first song the Kovač had written with the band, which she disliked due to being heavily influenced by the 1960s underground music, especially Julie Driscoll, whose version of "Season of the Witch" the band performed at the time. Since the rest of the band took Kovač's side, Kojadinović was excluded from the band, after which she started a short solo career, releasing several singers before becoming a lawyer.
Dušan "Prele" Prelević, famous around Belgrade at the time for his distinguished rhythm and blues and soul vocal style and excessive lifestyle, became the new Korni Grupa vocalist. At the time, Kovač was influenced by the emerging progressive rock musical style, but due to the hostility of the audience and critics towards the music, he wrote the pop-oriented song "Cigu-ligu" ("Tweedle-dum, Tweedle-dee") which Korni Grupa performed at the 1968 Jugovizija festival in Zagreb, the competition for the Yugoslav representative for the Eurovision song contest. Prelević arrived drunk to the performance leading to an argument with Kovač that ended in the decision that he should leave the band. Nevertheless, in 1969, the band released their debut single "Cigu-ligu", with "Čovek i pas" ("A Man and a Dog") as the B-side, with Prelević on vocals, the latter of which Prelević rerecorded on his solo album "Ja, Prele" ("I, Prele"), released in 1996. Having left Korni Grupa, Prelević appeared in the cult 1969 Yugoslav adaptation of the "Hair" musical, recorded a studio album with Opus, a single with Oliver Mandić, as well as several solo albums and devoted to a literary and journalism career. At the age of 58, Prelević died in Belgrade after a long illness, on July 28, 2007.
The new Korni Grupa singer became Dalibor Brun from Rijeka, a former Uragani and Bohemi member, with whom Korni Grupa recorded their first hits "Magična ruka" ("The Magic Hand"), "Sonata" and "Dzum-ram". With Brun, himself fostering a typically festival singer image and a rock vocal style, the band succeeded in maintaining a double track career — alternating between being a festival band performing commercial pop rock songs on one hand and a progressive rock band following the current global rock musical trends on the other. With the folk influenced song "Pastir i cvet" ("A Shepperd and a Flower"), the band appeared at the Singing Europe festival in Netherlands winning the award for the most original band, despite being in competition with acts such as the Wallace Collection and Olivia Newton-John. The song, released as a single during 1969 by PGP RTB, with "Ako budeš sama" ("If You Were Alone") as the B-side, featured Balkan folk instruments šargija, tarabuk and frula. This was however, the last recording with Brun as he, becoming less enthusiastic about the band's work, decided to leave the band conventionally. Having left Korni Grupa, Brun started a successful career as a pop singer.
Dado Topić years (1969–1971).
After Brun's departure, owing to the mutual friendship with Lokica Stefanović, the new Korni Grupa vocalist became Dado Topić, a former member of the Osijek band Dinamiti, with whom the band appeared at the Opatija festival, performing the song "Devojčice mala" ("Little Girl"), which was released on a split single with the song "Priča se" ("The Rumor Says") by the quartet 4M. With Topić, the band held their first solo concert in Belgrade on November 6, 1969 in Dom omladine and the concert was entitled "Uz malu pomoć naših frendova" ("With A Little Help from Our Friends"). Soon after, Kacl left the band and retired from music, dying in a car accident in May 1984. He was replaced by Josip Boček, Topić's former bandmate from Dinamiti who at the time was playing in his own band Boček i Tri. The new lineup started working on their own vision of progressive music, recording the songs "Jedna žena" ("A Woman"), "Prvo svetlo u kući broj 4" ("The First Light in the House Number 4"), co written by Topić and Kovač, classical music-inspired "Etida" ("Étude") and "Žena je luka a čovek brod" ("Woman is a Harbor and Man is a Ship").
With the performance of "Jedna žena" a the 1970 Zagreb music festival Korni Grupa won both the audience and jury award for the best song. The band continued recording commercial material with the recording of the song "Bube" ("Beetles"), the theme song for the Miša Radivojević movie "Bube u glavi" ("Beetles in the Head"), released on single with "Neko spava pored mene" ("Somebody is Sleeping Beside Me") as the B-side, as well as the highly successful "Trla baba lan" ("Granny Scutched the Flax"), "Slika" ("Image"), co-written with the at the time anonymous author Ljuba Ninković, continuing their double musical career. In 1971, Korni Grupa recorded the musical poem "1941." on the lyrics of Branko Ćopić with Josipa Lisac as a guest vocalist. The material was recorded as a soundtrack for the "1941." television show, for which Momo Kapor did the mise-en-scene, directed by Jovan Ristić. Afterward, the band spent a month in Paris, playing at the fashion show which presented "Prokleta Jerina" ("Damned Jerina") line of clothing by fashion designer Aleksandar Joksimović. At the show, the band had met the producer Alan Milo from the Barclay record label.
However, guided by his own ambitions, Topić left the band and formed Time, with whom he received nationwide popularity as well as becoming a successful solo act. Topić was replaced by the former Ambasadori vocalist Zdravko Čolić. With Čolić the band was not able to experiment musically as his sensibility was more of a festival singer, as his stage movements and vocal style did not fit in the progressive aspect of the band's career. Thus, Čolić remained in the band for only six months, recording the songs "Gospa Mica gazdarica" ("Lady Mica the Landlord"), "Kukavica" ("The Cuckoo") and "Pogledaj u nebo" ("Look at the Sky"), before leaving the band and starting his solo career and becoming one of the most popular acts former Yugoslavia. With Čolić, the band had recorded a special television show, featuring the performances of the band's commercial songs, directed by Jovan Ristić.
Zlatko Pejaković years (1972–1974).
In early 1972, a former Lavine, Zlatni Akordi and Had member Zlatko Pejaković became the band's new singer, and with Pejaković, Korni Grupa recorded their first full-length album, "Korni Grupa". At the time of the album release, Korni Grupa was one of four former Yugoslav rock bands with a full-length album (Grupa 220, Žeteoci and Time being the other three), as the scene revolved mostly around 7" singles. The album featured complex songs "Put na Istok" ("A Trip to the East"), "Bezglave Ja Ha horde" ("The Headless Ya Ha Hordes"), "Moj bol" ("My Pain"), "Glas sa obale boja" ("A Voice from the Coast of Colors"). Following the album release, the band appeared at the Zagreb music festival and won the second place with the performance of the song "Kosovka devojka" ("Kosovo Girl"), as well as performing at the 1972 Montreux Jazz Festival, on which as live musicians appeared Mića Marković (saxophone) and Mladi Levi member Petar Ugrin (violin, trumpet). In the meantime, the band recorded the first Yugoslav television show in color, "Put za istok", edited by Jovan Ristić and directed by Dejan Karaklajić.
During the late 1973, Korni Grupa recorded a symphonic rock English language album "Not an Ordinary Life", which they released under the name The Kornelyans through the Italian record label Ricordi. The album was sold without much commercial promotion in ten thousand copies, with the license for the album release being sold to Yugoslavia, Japan, Israel, and several South American countries. The album was produced by Carlo Alberto Rossi, a famous Italian record producer and composer, who had been working with the Italian progressive acts of the time as Premiata Forneria Marconi, Banco and Area. On the Yugoslav scene the band had an enormous success with the songs "Oj, dodole" ("Hey, Dodola"), "Ivo Lola", with the lyrics based on the last letter of Ivo Lola Ribar, "Znam za kim zvono zvoni" ("I Know for Whom the Bell Tolls"), featuring guest the singer Ditka Haberl, "Divlje jagode" ("Wild Strawberries"), "Miris" ("Scent"), with lyrics from a Charles Baudelaire's poem, and "Praštanje" ("Forgiveness"), with lyrics by poet Brana Crnčević who was at the time considered a dissident.
In the spring of 1974, they won first place at the festival in Opatija with the song "Moja generacija" ("My Generation") and represented Yugoslavia at the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest in Brighton, on which ABBA won the first place, with whom the band had shared the wardrobe. The single with the English-language version of "Moja generacija" and the shortened version of "Jednoj ženi" was released in Italy. During the same year the music magazine "Music Week" declared Korni Grupa Yugoslav band of the year. However, disappointed with little success of "Not an Ordinary Life" and the 12th place won at the Eurovision Song Contest, Kovač decided to disband Korni Grupa. They held two farewell concerts in Studio M in Novi Sad on November 24 and a part of the concert recordings was released on the first former Yugoslav double album "Mrtvo more" ("The Dead Sea"). One record featured their singles, representing commercial and more pop-oriented side of Korni Grupa, while the other featured live recordings of "Put za Istok", "Čovek sa belom zastavom" ("The Man with a White Flag") and "Blues", representing the progressive side of their career. The band officially disbanded on December 1, 1974.
Post-breakup and 1987 reunion.
After Korni Grupa disbanded Kovač started a successful career as a composer, Pejaković turned towards pop music, Boček and Hreljac became studio musicians and Furduj started a jazz career. In 1977. on the various artists live album "Randevu s muzikom" ("A Rendevouz with Music"), featured the Korni Grupa songs "I ne tako obićan život" ("Not an Ordinary Life At All") and "Jedna žena" recorded at Novi Sad farewell concerts, which were previously unreleased. During the same year, Kovač initiated the formation of a supergroup K2 (not to be confused with the 1990s duo consisting of Kovač's daughters) which ought to have featured Josip Boček, Dado Topić, Sloba Marković, Čarli Novak and Ratko Divljak, but it was never formed mostly owing to Topić's hesitating. In 1979, the recording of the musical poem "1941." was released as a posthumous studio album.
In May 1987, Korni Grupa, consisting of Kovač, Furduj, Hreljac, Boček and Dado Topić on lead vocals in order to perform, alongside Indexi, Time, YU grupa, Drago Mlinarec and R.M. Točak Band, at the Legende YU Rocka ("Legends of YU Rock") concert organized by Radio 101 at Zagreb's Dom Sportova. In June of the same year, the same bands performed at the Belgrade Sava Centar. The song "Jedna žena", recorded at the Zagreb concert appeared on the various artists double live album "Legende YU Rocka", released by Jugoton during the same year.
In 1994, the PGP RTS released a various artists compilation "YU Retrospektiva" ("YU Retrospective") on which appeared the previously unreleased song "Prvo svetlo u kući broj 4". In 1996, the song was released on the Korni Grupa compilation album "Prvo svetlo neobičnog života" ("The First Light of an Unordinary Life"), featuring a selection of tracks from their progressive repertoire. During the same year, Kovač released a compilation album "Moja generacija" ("My Generation") consisting of recordings of his songs used in the television show "Zučna viljuška" ("Sound Fork"), including cover versions of the Korni Grupa songs "Moja generacija" by Filip Žmaher, "Sonata" by Zoran Šandorov, "Oj, dodole" by Del Arno Band and "Jagode i maline" by Van Gogh. 
In 2005, the three-part compilation album "Ne tako običan život" ("Not an Ordinary Life"), released by PGP RTS, featured the collected singles, recordings from the progressive phase, the recording of "Jedna žena" from the 1987 reunion concert and the previously unreleased version of the song "Kosovka devojka" with Kovač on lead vocals.
Legacy.
The musicians which were, by their own words, influenced by Korni Grupa include Smak guitarist Radomir Mihajlović "Točak", guitarist and former Leb i Sol member Vlatko Stefanovski, singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević, singer-songwriter and former Idoli member Vlada Divljan, and singer and former Bulevar and Bajaga i Instruktori member Dejan Cukić. In 1982, Momčilo Bajagić "Bajaga", at the time Riblja Čorba guitarist, later the leader of Bajaga i Instruktori, named "Korni Grupa" one of his ten most favourite albums.
A number of acts have covered Korni Grupa songs: The Yugoslav jazz/funk group Ansambl Saše Subote covered the song "Ivo Lola" on their 1976 extended play "Mikado", released for the Soviet market. The song was remixed in 2010 by the Serbian project Laura 2000 on their debut studio album "...pobiću se zadnji put da vidim da l' sam star" ("... I'll Have a One Last Fight to See if I'm Old"). The Serbian actor Milorad Mandić "Manda" covered the song "Trla baba lan" on his 1991 children's music album of the same name. The Serbian rock band Električni Orgazam recorded a cover version of "Magična ruka" ("Magical Hand"), released on their 1996 unplugged album "Živo i akustično" ("Live and Acoustic"). The soundtrack for the Radio Television of Serbia television show "Zlatna viljuška" ("The Golden Fork") featured cover versions of Korni Grupa songs "Moja generacija" by Filip Žmaher, "Sonata" by Zoran Šandorov, "Oj, dodole" by Del Arno Band and "Jagode i maline" by Van Gogh, all featured on the Kornelije Kovač compilation album "Moja generacija". The Bajaga i Instruktori keyboard player Saša Lokner recorded an instrumental version of "Put za istok", the version in itself featuring a sample of the Korni Grupa song "Zemlja", released on his 2003 solo album "Evropa Elektro Express" ("Europe Electro Express").
The book "" ("YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music"), published in 1988, features two Korni Grupa albums: "Korni Grupa" (polled No. 4) and "1941." (polled No. 94).
The Rock Express Top 100 Yugoslav Rock Songs of All Times list, published in 2000, featured two songs by Korni Grupa: "Put za istok" (polled No.44) and "Jedna žena" (polled No.67). In 2011, the song "Etida" was polled, by the listeners of Radio 202, one of 60 greatest songs released by PGP-RTB/PGP-RTS during the sixty years of the label's existence.
Members.
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="19159668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159668" title="NHS North West">
NHS North West

NHS North West was a strategic health authority (SHA) of the National Health Service in England. It operated in the North West region, which is coterminous with the local government office region.
When created in 2006 it had regional oversight of 24 Primary Care Trusts, 23 acute NHS trusts, 8 mental health trusts, 7 specialist trusts, as well as the North West Ambulance Service.
In October 2011, in preparation for planned government changes, NHS North West, alongside NHS Yorkshire and Humberside and NHS North East became a part of the NHS North of England SHA cluster - a temporary administrative merger to manage the North of England health economy until the planned dissolution of SHAs in March 2013. The merger initially retained all staff but merged the three separate boards into one. The former Chief Executive of NHS North West, Mike Farrar left at that time to become the Chief Executive of the NHS Confederation.
The authority closed on 31 March 2013 as part of the Health and Social Care Act 2012.
Primary Care Trusts.
In October 2011, in preparation for planned government changes, the 24 Primary Care Trusts were organised under five sub-regional clusters: Greater Manchester, Merseyside, Lancashire, Cheshire & Wirral, and Cumbria. The initial effect of this clustering was again to telescope the number of separate boards whilst retaining most staff initially in their current roles as new Clinical Commissioning Groups (CCGs) were set up and began to assume commissioning responsibilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19159670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159670" title="Ibiraci">
Ibiraci

Ibiraci is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 11,023 people living in a total area of 598 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1923. 
Location.
The city center of Ibiraci is located at an elevation of 1,071 meters northwest of the regional center of Passos and northeast of Franca. Neighboring municipalities are: Sacramento and Delfinópolis (N), Cássia (E), Capetinga, Itirapuã, and Patrocínio Paulista (S), Franca and Claraval (W).
Distances
The nearest airport with national flights is in Ribeirão Preto.
Economic activities.
Mining, services, small industries, and agriculture are the main economic activities. In 2005 338 workers were employed in 12 transformation industries. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$280 million, with 44 million reais from taxes, 54 million reais from services, 152 million reais from industry, and 30 million reais from agriculture. There were 888 rural producers on 46,000 hectares of land. Approximately 5,800 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee (7,000 hectares), corn and soybeans. There were 23,000 head of cattle, of which 8,000 were milk cows (2006). 
There is 1 bank (2007) In the vehicle fleet there were 1,820 automobiles, 324 trucks, 393 pickup trucks, 24 buses, and 329 motorcycles (2007). 
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 6 health clinics and 1 hospital with 22 beds (2005). Educational needs of 2,550 students were attended to by 5 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$246.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0.467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19159675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159675" title="You Know What Sailors Are (1954 film)">
You Know What Sailors Are (1954 film)

You Know What Sailors Are is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin from a screenplay by Peter Rogers. It starred Donald Sinden, Michael Hordern, Bill Kerr, Dora Bryan and Akim Tamiroff.

</doc>
<doc id="19159680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159680" title="Yule Love Story">
Yule Love Story

Yule Love Story was a drama series aired on Zee TV from 1993 to 1995. In every episode a new story was shown, which was a typical love story revolving around relation between teens. This series was succeeded by another series called Rishtey that involves all the human relationship not just love between couples. The series was sponsored by Yule Tea Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19159683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159683" title="Albert de Gondi">
Albert de Gondi

Albert de Gondi (4 November 1522, Florence – 1602) seigneur du Perron, comte, then marquis de Belle-Isle (1573), duc de Retz (from 1581), was a marshal of France and a member of the Gondi family. His father was Guidobaldo, seigneur de Perron, who became a banker at Lyon, and his mother was Marie-Catherine de Pierrevive - his siblings included cardinal Pierre de Gondi. His motto was "Non sine labore".
Life.
Albert de Gondi joined the court of Henry II of France on his accession in 1547 and around 1550 joined a company of chevau-légers. On 13 August 1554 he served at the battle of Renty and soon afterward Henry II soon made him a gentleman of the chamber and master of the wardrobe to Charles of France. He continued to occupy these posts under Charles X and Henry III.
In 1555, he won a great reputation in Italy, at the sieges of Ulpiau and Coni and the taking of Verceil. He also served with great distinction in the expeditions into Piedmont and Corsica. On 10 August 1557 he participated in the Battle of Saint-Quentin and on 13 July 1558 at the battle of Gravelines. He was in 1559 made captain of a company of gendarmes and fought at their head at the battle of Saint-Denis on 10 November 1567, at Jarnac on 13 March 1569 and at Moncontour on the following 3 October.
He was chosen to carry news of victory at Moncontour to the king and was the same month made captain of 50 men at arms. Knighted on the king's orders, he won a place as conseiller d’État. He was then employed as French ambassador to the Imperial court at Vienna and on 22 October 1570 was the French king's proxy at his marriage to Elizabeth of Austria. On the death of marshal Vieilleville, the comte de Retz was made governor and lieutenant-general in the pays messin, and governor of the town of Metz, by provisions granted at Duretal on 30 November 1571. He was then made captain of the first company of gentlemen of the king's household after the death of the duc de Roannois in December the same year. 
In 1572 he was one of the advisors in council with Catherine de' Medici at the Tuileries on the evening of August 22, the night before the ordering of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre; he and other Italian advisors were afterwards given much of the blame for the massacres by the Huguenots: "All the contemporary chronicles (save one which he is suspected of authoring) incriminate him in the St Bartholomew's massacres". At the end of 1572 he was charged with a mission to Elizabeth I of England, successfully persuading her not to give aid to French Protestants. At the beginning of 1573, coming back from London, the comte de Retz commanded a squadron and forced count Montgomery to abandon Belle-Isle. The French king raised this town to a marquisate and granted it to the count of Retz, who then set out for the 1573 Siege of La Rochelle, where he was wounded.
A vacancy for a marshal of France came about due to the death of the maréchal de Tavanes, and this was granted to the comte de Retz by provisions given at the château de Boulogne on 6 July 1573 and registered by the constable on 2 August the following year. He then became governor of Provence, by provisions given in the same place and on the same day, 6 July 1573 : these were registered at the parliament of Provence, 22 August 1574. 
Maréchal de Retz then left his governorship at Metz. He accompanied Henri III, duc d’Anjou to Poland, returned to France with him and represented the constable at this prince's consecration, on which occasion he was also admitted to this prince's privy council. He dismissed his company of 100 gentlemen in the month of January 1575 and was made commander in chief of the army in Provence, forcing the towns and castles rebelling against Henry to submit to him and placing the town of Menerbes back under obedience to the pope.
Marriage and issue.
On 4 September 1565, he became the second husband of Claude Catherine de Clermont-Tonnerre, baroness of Retz and of Dampierre, daughter of Claude de Clermont-Tonnerre, baron de Dampierre (+1545), with whom he had 10 children:

</doc>
<doc id="19159694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159694" title="Moscow International Motor Show">
Moscow International Motor Show

The Moscow International Motor Show or MIMS () is the annual autoshow in Moscow, Russia. It also includes the Annual "Automechanika" Exhibition of auto parts and components.
History.
The first motor show occurred in Moscow in 1992 at "Krasnaya presnya" Expocentre.
The 16th edition of MIMS powered by Automechanika Exhibition took place in August 2012, featuring a wide range of auto parts, components, and equipment for vehicle servicing. More than 1,000 companies from 34 countries were among the participants, including Bosch, Delphi, Denso, Wynn's, Tenneco, Mahle GmbH, Fenox, KYB, Mann+Hummel, GAZ. The organizers are "Меssе Frankfurt RUS" and "ITE Moscow". MIMS holds also many seminars and presentations by avtoparts' producers.

</doc>
<doc id="19159702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159702" title="Latex">
Latex

Latex is the stable dispersion (emulsion) of polymer microparticles in an aqueous medium. Latexes may be natural or synthetic. It can be made synthetically by polymerizing a monomer such as styrene that has been emulsified with surfactants.
Latex as found in nature is a milky fluid found in 10% of all flowering plants (angiosperms). It is a complex emulsion consisting of proteins, alkaloids, starches, sugars, oils, tannins, resins, and gums that coagulates on exposure to air. It is usually exuded after tissue injury. In most plants, latex is white, but some have yellow, orange, or scarlet latex. Since the 17th century, latex has been used as a term for the fluid substance in plants. It serves mainly as defense against herbivorous insects. Latex is not to be confused with plant sap; it is a separate substance, separately produced, and with separate functions.
The word is also used to refer to natural latex rubber particularly non-vulcanized rubber. Such is the case in products like latex gloves, latex condoms and latex clothing. Many people are allergic to rubber latex.
Biology.
Articulated laticifers.
The cells (laticifers) in which latex is found make up the laticiferous system, which can form in two very different ways. In many plants, the laticiferous system is formed from rows of cells laid down in the meristem of the stem or root. The cell walls between these cells are dissolved so that continuous tubes, called latex vessels, are formed. Since these vessels are made of many cells, they are known as "articulated laticifers". This method of formation is found in the poppy family and in the rubber trees (Para rubber tree, members of the family Euphorbiaceae, members of the mulberry and fig family, such as the Panama rubber tree "Castilla elastica"), and members of the family Asteraceae. For instance, "Parthenium argentatum" the guayule plant, is in the tribe Heliantheae; other latex-bearing Asteraceae with articulated laticifers include members of the Cichorieae, a clade whose members produce latex, some of them in commercially interesting amounts. This includes "Taraxacum kok-saghyz", a species cultivated for latex production. 
Non-articulated laticifers.
In the milkweed and spurge families, on the other hand, the laticiferous system is formed quite differently. Early in the development of the seedling latex cells differentiate, and as the plant grows these latex cells grow into a branching system extending throughout the plant. In many euphorbs, the entire structure is made from a single cell - this type of system is known as a "non-articulated laticifer", to distinguish it from the multi-cellular structures discussed above. In the mature plant, the entire laticiferous system is descended from a single cell or group of cells present in the embryo.
The laticiferous system is present in all parts of the mature plant, including roots, stems, leaves, and sometimes the fruits. It is particularly noticeable in the cortical tissues. Latex is usually exuded as a white liquid, but is some cases it can be clear, yellow or red, as in Cannabaceae.
Productive species.
Latex is produced by 20,000 species from over 40 families occurring in multiple lineages in both dicotyledonous and monocotyledonous types of plant. It is also found in conifers and pteridophytes. 14% of tropical plant species create latex, as opposed to 6% of temperate plant species. Several members of the fungal kingdom also produce latex upon injury, such as "Lactarius deliciosus" and other milk-caps. This suggests it is the product of convergent evolution and has been selected for on many separate occasions. 
Defense function.
Latex functions to protect the plant from herbivores. The idea was first proposed in 1887 by Tommy DiFraia who noted that latex "... carries with it at the same time such disagreeable properties that it becomes a better protection to the plant from enemies than all the thorns, prickles, or hairs that could be provided. In this plant, so copious and so distasteful has the sap become that it serves a most important purpose in its economy". 
Evidence showing this defense function include the finding that slugs will eat leaves drained of their latex but not intact ones, that many insects sever the veins carrying latex before they feed, and that the latex of "Asclepias humistrata" (sandhill milkweed) kills by trapping 30% of newly hatched monarch butterfly caterpillars. 
Other evidence is that latex contains 50–1000× higher concentrations of defense substances than other plant tissues. These toxins include ones that are also toxic to the plant and consist of a diverse range of chemicals that are either poisonous or "antinutritive". Latex is actively moved to the area of injury; in the case of "Cryptostegia grandiflora", this can be more than 70 cm. 
The clotting property of latex is functional in this defense since it limits wastage and its stickiness traps insects and their mouthparts.
It has been noted that while there exist other explanations for the existence of latex including storage and movement of plant nutrients, waste, and maintenance of water balance that "ssentially none of these functions remain credible and none have any empirical support".
Synthetic latexes.
Examples of synthetic latexes are styrene-butadiene rubber, acrylonitrile butadiene rubber, acrylic polymers, polyvinyl acetate.
Uses of latex.
The latex of many species can be processed to produce many materials. 
Natural rubber is the most important product obtained from latex; more than 12,000 plant species yield latex containing rubber, though in the vast majority of those species the rubber is not suitable for commercial use. This latex is used to make many other products as well, including mattresses, gloves, swim caps, condoms, catheters and balloons.
Balatá and gutta percha latex contain an inelastic polymer related to rubber.
Latex from the chicle and jelutong trees is used in chewing gum. 
Dried latex from the opium poppy is opium, the source of many useful opiates and other alkaloids of high value.
Synthetic latexes are used in coatings (e.g. latex paint) and glues because they solidify by coalescence of the polymer particles as the water evaporates, and therefore can form films without releasing potentially toxic organic solvents in the environment. Other uses include cement additives, and to conceal information on scratchcards. Latex, usually styrene-based, is also used in immunoassays.
Latex clothing.
Latex is used in many types of clothing. Worn on the body (or applied directly by painting) it tends to be skin-tight, producing a "second skin" effect.
Allergic reactions.
Some people have a serious latex allergy, and exposure to latex products such as latex gloves can cause anaphylactic shock. Guayule latex has only 2% of the levels of protein found in "Hevea" latexes, and is being researched as a lower-allergen substitute. Additionally, chemical processes may be employed to reduce the amount of antigenic protein in "Hevea" latex, yielding alternative materials such as Vytex Natural Rubber Latex which provide significantly reduced exposure to latex allergens.
About half of people with spina bifida are also allergic to natural latex rubber, as well as people who have had multiple surgeries, and people who have had prolonged exposure to natural latex.
Microbial degradation.
Several species of Actinomycetes, Streptomyces, Nocardia, Micromonospora, and Actinoplanes are capable of consuming rubber latex. 

</doc>
<doc id="19159704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159704" title="NHS South East Coast">
NHS South East Coast

NHS South East Coast was a strategic health authority of the National Health Service in England. It operated in the South East region, along with NHS South Central, providing coterminosity with the local government office region.
History.
NHS South East Coast was established on 1 July 2006 as one of 10 Strategic Health Authorities (SHAs) in England. 
Organisation.
NHS South East Coast contained 26 NHS organisations, including 6 Foundation Trusts. These comprise: eight Primary Care Trusts; thirteen NHS Acute Trusts (hospitals); four Mental Health or Specialist Trusts; and one Ambulance Trust.
Primary Care Trusts.
Abolished April 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19159706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159706" title="Hemaris fuciformis">
Hemaris fuciformis

Hemaris fuciformis, known as the Broad-bordered Bee Hawk-moth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in North Africa, Europe (except Northern Scandinavia) and Central and Eastern Asia.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on honeysuckle and "Galium" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19159746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159746" title="Ryde state by-election, 2008">
Ryde state by-election, 2008

A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Ryde on 18 October 2008 to coincide with the Port Macquarie, Lakemba and Cabramatta by-elections. The by-election was triggered by the resignation of sitting member and Deputy Premier John Watkins, who cited exhaustion and the lack of time spent with his family for his resignation. Watkins resigned from parliament and his portfolio of Minister for Transport on 8 September 2008, prompting a Cabinet reshuffle.
The by-election was won by Liberal candidate Victor Dominello on a swing of 23 percent. This was a marked turnaround to the result at the 2007 state election, when Labor won the seat with 60.09% of the two-party preferred vote. However, the writ was dropped for this contest at a very bad time for the government; it had been sinking in the polls only a year after being reelected. Dominello's victory turned Ryde from a safe Labor seat into a safe Liberal seat in one stroke. At the time, it was the largest swing against a sitting government in New South Wales history; it has since been outdone by the 2010 Penrith by-election (which saw a 25 percent swing against Labor) and the 2013 Miranda by-election (which saw a 26 percent swing against the Coalition). 
The loss of Ryde proved to be the beginning of the end for the Labor government, which was heavily defeated in the 2011 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="19159777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159777" title="Marumba quercus">
Marumba quercus

The Oak Hawk-moth "(Marumba quercus)" is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in Southern Europe, North Africa, the Near East and Mesopotamia.
The wingspan is 85–125 mm. The female is somewhat larger than the male.
The larvae feed on Oak species, primarily species with dry leaves such as Cork Oak and Holm Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="19159778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159778" title="Owusu Afriyie">
Owusu Afriyie

Owusu Afriyie (born 1 September 1980) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer. Nicknamed Arriky, he played as a midfielder in Ghana, Spain, Portugal, Austria, and England.
Career.
Born in Accra, Arriky began his career with Real Sportive, before earning a move to Spanish side Badajoz after just a season. His performances ensured a move to bigger club Málaga, where he spent a season on loan at Portuguese club Chaves. In 2001 Arriky returned to Ghana to spend two seasons with Hearts of Oak, before spending a further two seasons in Austria with Feldkirchen. Short spells in Spain with Linares and Melilla, and in England with Enfield Town, preceded a final return to Hearts of Oak, where he finished his career in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19159791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159791" title="François de Scépeaux">
François de Scépeaux

François de Scépeaux de Vieille-Ville (1509–1571), lord of Vieilleville, 1st comte of Durtal, was a French governor, diplomat, ambassador, conseillé du roi and marshal under king Francis I of France. He was also a prominent figure in the French Wars of Religion between the Protestant Huguenots and the Catholics.

</doc>
<doc id="19159807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159807" title="Mark Versallion">
Mark Versallion

Mark Anthony Gaius Versallion is a British politician, businessman, and officer in the Royal Naval Reserve. He was the Conservative parliamentary candidate for Stretford and Urmston from 2007 to 2009 and from 2009 to 2011 was Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Forum of the Conservative Party. Since 2011 he has been a Cabinet member of Central Bedfordshire unitary authority.
Early life.
Born in Cornwall, England, Versallion established his first business in 1988, a music promotions and equipment company, and was educated at the University of Westminster in Business and Economics. He then gained a Master's degree in Politics at the University of Reading, tutored by John Cottingham, and at Reading was elected chairman of post-graduates. After being admitted to the Royal Institute of International Affairs and the Carlton Club, he gained a joint doctorate at the Universities of Oxford and Reading.
Career.
During the 1990s Versallion worked in the House of Commons as an aide to Robert Hughes MP and in 1996 was elected Chairman of the Young Conservatives. In 1997 he joined BAE Systems, moving on from there to Capgemini. After working for U. S. Senator Rod Grams in the 2000 U.S. elections, Versallion returned home and founded the London marketing agency VML. He was its managing director in London and Minneapolis from 2001-11. He worked for Michael Portillo at his London headquarters in the Conservative leadership contest of 2001. In 2011, on his election to Central Bedfordshire Council, he gave up operational control of his company and became its chairman, making more time for politics. Versallion was a non-executive director of the North West London NHS Hospitals Trust from 2008-13 and since 2013 has been a non-executive director of the Luton and Dunstable University Hospital.
Naval career.
In 1996 Versallion was recruited by the Royal Navy Reserve. Before passing out from Britannia Royal Naval College he served aboard the destroyer HMS "Gloucester". After Dartmouth he served aboard the frigate HMS "Richmond" before appointment to classified roles. In 2005 he won the Best Shot trophy for his marksmanship with the SA80. In 2009 he deployed on Operation Pearl, a counter-piracy mission off the Horn of Africa. In 2010 he was awarded the Volunteer Reserves Service Medal. He is a graduate of the Joint Services Command and Staff College and of the NATO School at Oberammergau, and holds the rank of Lieutenant.
Local politics.
In 1997, Versallion became a school governor and in 1998 was elected deputy chairman of his constituency association. In 1996 he had been selected for the Harrow London Borough Council seat of Harrow on the Hill, but in the local elections of 1998 he lost by five votes, in a cliff-hanger election with three recounts. The result decided the overall control of the Council. He was encouraged to fight on by his friend Nicholas Bethell, and their common experiences were a source of intrigue in the Conservative Party.
In 2002, Versallion was elected as a Harrow councillor for Harrow on the Hill, and at the same time the Conservatives narrowly gained control there. In nine years at Harrow, he led on Performance and Finance, Education, and Children and Young People, and also acted as Chief Whip when there was a Conservative majority of only one. Outside the council, Versallion was Chairman of Harrow Hill Trust Community Relations, a Director of Harrow Fields Gardens Estate Company, and a member of the Board of the Harrow Heritage Trust. From 2007 to 2011 he served on the Deputy Lieutenants' Committee, and due to his naval experience was also the Borough Council's sole representative on the Reserve Forces and Cadets Association.
In 2011, Versallion was elected to Central Bedfordshire Council for the ward of Heath and Reach, where he has lived with his wife and four sons since 2004. After his nomination as Bedfordshire's Portfolio Holder for Education in 2011, to avoid conflict of interest, Versallion himself ceded his place as a Councillor in London in order to avoid double responsibilities. He was appointed cabinet portfolio holder for Children's Services and Schools on 19 May 2011, and resigned from Harrow Council on 26 May 2011. He also resigned from his day job as director of a marketing company to focus on his Cabinet role in Central Bedfordshire. Versallion became Military Covenant Champion for Central Bedfordshire in 2011. According to "The Times", he quickly changed the policy of the Council to enable rapid school reorganisation. In a BBC One TV news interview on 17 April 2012 he defended his decision to close a state-run PRU school and create a new free school in its place, controversially with Council assets. In 2012-13 Versallion converted ten schools' age ranges, bringing to an end the decades-long arguments over the three tier education system in Bedfordshire. In 2014 he closed a further three schools. He was the subject of a government film on these changes.
National politics.
In 2007 Versallion was selected as the Conservative parliamentary candidate for Stretford and Urmston, a position he resigned from in October 2009. In December 2009, it was reported that Versallion had become chairman of the Foreign Affairs Forum of the Conservative Party. His first overseas engagement was in Macedonia in January 2010, representing the Conservative Party, with Lord Foulkes representing Labour, in meetings with the parliament and Trajko Veljanovski. His term of office ended in 2011.
Publications.
Versallion is the author of:

</doc>
<doc id="19159822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159822" title="Laothoe amurensis">
Laothoe amurensis

The Aspen Hawk-moth "(Laothoe amurensis)" is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in the Northern part of the Palearctic ecozone. It flies in May and can be found only in far-Eastern Europe, including parts of Poland, Finland, Ukraine and Belarus. It exists also in Asia as few another subspecies. In spite of being very rare, it isn't protected, e.g. in Poland. There are known few places where obtaining this moth by attracting to light is possible.
The wingspan is 71–98 mm. Very similar to Laothoe populi, a common European moth found everywhere, but bigger and much more dark.
Eggs laid singly or in small groups of 2-4 pieces are laid on the underside of leaves.
The larvae feed singly on Populus tremula and Willow. Green with 7 pale stripes, look like L. populi caterpillars, but, opposite to it, have got 2-3 little "horns" above its head; difficult to distinguish.
This moth spends winter as chrystalid in the soil.

</doc>
<doc id="19159835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159835" title="Patricia Mok">
Patricia Mok

Patricia Mok (born October 17, 1971) is a Chinese Singaporean actress, best known for humorous roles on "Comedy Nite" during her stint as a JTEAM artiste.
Career.
Mok was educated in Ping Yi Secondary School and Yishun Junior College.
Mok made her debut in the 1990s comedy show "Comedy Nite". She was a cast member from 1996, until the demise of the show. Her roles in the skits helped her to land a contract with MediaCorp in 2006.
She bagged the Best Supporting Actress Award in the Star Awards 2003 for playing a dowdy and meek wife in "Holland V", and earned two nominations in the Asian Television Awards in 2006 and 2008.
Mok was switched to hosting MediaCorp events and shows in 2010. In a 2012 interview, she confessed that she felt uncomfortable being an emcee and thought she was better suited to acting in dramas and sitcoms. She left MediaCorp in early 2012 after her contract expired and is currently under the management of Fly Artistes.
Personal life.
Molestation incident.
In June 2009, Mok was molested while she was partying at Zirca, Clarke Quay. A drunk man had pinched her buttocks, following which Mok confronted him immediately and called the police. The man managed to get an out-of-court settlement and agreed to pay S$10,000 to Mok as compensation. Mok donated the entire sum to charity.

</doc>
<doc id="19159839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159839" title="Earthwatch Institute">
Earthwatch Institute

Earthwatch Institute is an international non-profit organization that was founded in 1971 near Boston (USA) to promote action and understanding necessary to sustain the Natural environment. The Earthwatch supports scientific field research and education by offering volunteers the opportunity to join research teams around the world to collect field data in the areas such as wildlife conservation, rainforest ecology, marine science and archaeology.
By paying to spend time (ranging from a few days to several weeks) working with scientists on their projects, people support the work financially and with their manpower to gain first hand experience of conservation issues.
Earthwatch Institute aims to create a systematic change in how the public views science and its role in environmental sustainability, working under the premise that conservation decisions should be based upon solid data from the field.
Organization and history.
Earthwatch headquarters are in Boston (Massachusetts), as well as offices in Oxford (England), Melbourne (Australia), Tokyo (Japan) and Hong Kong (China).
Since 1971, the worldwide organization has recruited more than 93,000 volunteers who have joined scientists in the field as research assistants, and between them have contributed more than 11 million hours of their time to frontline environmental research all over the world. Earthwatch supports more than 50 vital research expeditions in more than 28 counties.
Research areas.
Earthwatch volunteers partner with leading scientists in the field to conduct valuable research that makes a difference in the world across four vital areas:
Earthwatch research expeditions.
Provided are current research expeditions being fielded by Earthwatch scientists and volunteers from around the world:

</doc>
<doc id="19159857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159857" title="Remineralisation of teeth">
Remineralisation of teeth

Remineralisation of teeth (UK spelling; US remineralization of teeth) is a process in which minerals are returned to the molecular structure of the tooth itself. Teeth are (often) porous, allowing fluids and demineralisation beneath the surface of the tooth. When demineralised, these pores become larger.
Tooth decay process.
Tooth decay is an infectious disease, the key feature of which is an increase within dental plaque of bacteria such as "Streptococcus mutans" and "Lactobacillus". These produce organic acids when carbohydrates, especially sugar, are eaten. When enough acid is produced so that the pH goes below 5.5, the acid dissolves carbonated hydroxyapatite, the main component of tooth enamel, in a process known as "demineralisation". After the sugar is gone, the mineral loss can be recovered—or "remineralised"—from ions dissolved in the saliva. Cavities result when the rate of demineralisation exceeds the rate of remineralisation and the latticework is destroyed, typically in a process that requires many months or years.
Fluoride therapy.
Fluoride therapy is often used to promote remineralisation. This produces the stronger and more acid-resistant fluorapatite, rather than the natural hydroxyapatite. (Both are made of calcium. The fluoride takes the place of a hydroxide.)
Effect of fluoride.
Fluoride exerts its major effect by creating low levels of fluoride ions in saliva and plaque fluid, thus exerting a topical or surface effect. A person living in an area with fluoridated water may experience rises of fluoride concentration in saliva to about 0.04 mg/L several times during a day. Technically, this fluoride does not prevent cavities but rather controls the rate at which they develop. When fluoride ions are present in plaque fluid along with dissolved hydroxyapatite, and the pH is higher than 4.5, a fluorapatite-like remineralised veneer is formed over the remaining surface of the enamel; this veneer is much more acid-resistant than the original hydroxyapatite, and is formed more quickly than ordinary remineralised enamel would be. The cavity-prevention effect of fluoride is partly due to these surface effects, which occur during and after tooth eruption.
The calcium used to rebuild teeth must be dissolved in the saliva.
Some remineralisation methods may work for "white spot lesions" but not necessarily "intact tooth surfaces".

</doc>
<doc id="19159860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159860" title="Hyles livornica">
Hyles livornica

The Striped Hawk-moth "(Hyles livornica)" is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Taxonomy and systematics.
Eugen Johann Christoph Esper described the "Striped Hawk-moth" in 1780 using a specimen found in Italy at Livorno (hence the Latin name «livornica»). In 1819 Jacob Hübner allocated this species in his newly erected genus Hyles.
Until the 20th Century "Hyles livornica" has been considered conspecific with the American "Hyles lineata" and is therefore under that name (or as "Celerio lineata ssp. livornica") found in the older literature. Similarly was the case with the "Hyles livornicoides", which is prevalent in Australia. "Hyles renneri" from Nepal is sometimes treated as a valid species.
On the basis of DNA testing is well established that "H. livornica" in its entire Afro-Palaearctic distribution forms a genetic and taxonomic unit. This results in the following relationships among the Palaearctic widespread species of the genus Hyles:
Description.
"Hyles livornica" has a wingspan reachin 60–80 mm. Males are slightly smaller than females. The fore wings and the body are mainly olive brown or beige, with white stripes. The hind wings are pink, with black and white edges. The head and the thorax are olive-brown, with white stripes. The olive-brown abdomen has black-and-white segment, the first two segments have large black and white side spots. The antennae are dark olive brown and have a white tip.
These moths fly from February to October depending on the location. In Europe they are visible from April to June and from August to September in two generations and sometimes they overwinter. This species is a migrant from Africa to Europe.
The caterpillars are green, with black markings and reach a length from 65 to 80 millimeters. They feed on various plants, mainly on "Galium", "Gossypium", "Rumex", "Vitis", "Euphorbia", "Linaria", "Epilobium", "Antirrhinum", "Scabiosa", "Linum", "Fuchsia" and "Asphodelus".
Distribution.
This species is found in Africa, Southern Europe and Central and East Asia and Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19159868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159868" title="Petar Lazarov">
Petar Lazarov

Petar Lazarov (; born 23 November 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19159869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159869" title="Noémia Delgado">
Noémia Delgado

Noémia Delgado (Chibia, Huíla, Angola, 7 June 1933 –), is a Portuguese Television and Film Screenwriter, editor and Director.
Background.
She was the daughter of Luís Delgado (21 August 1900 – 8 December 1986) and wife Judite da Conceição de Freitas.
Marriage and child.
She married on 27 December 1957 and divorced on 15 January 1971 writer and poet Alexandre O'Neill. The couple had a son: 

</doc>
<doc id="19159886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159886" title="Emily Jane White">
Emily Jane White

Emily Jane White is a songwriter, pianist, and guitarist from California who released her debut album in 2007.
Early life.
Emily Jane White was raised in the seaside town of Fort Bragg, California. She first began experimenting with and creating her singing style in the early 00's at UC Santa Cruz. White's first musical explorations came as a member of punk and metal bands in college. She later branched off with her own group called Diamond Star Halos. After college and spending time in France, White moved to San Francisco to perform.
Career.
On November 2, 2007, Emily Jane White released her first album, "Dark Undercoat", through Double Negative Records.
"Dark Undercoat" was released as a limited edition deluxe white vinyl LP in 2008 by Saint Rose Records.
Her second album entitled "Victorian America" was released on April 27, 2010 in the U.S. by Milan Records. “Victorian America”, was written largely in San Francisco and Oakland.
Her third album is entitled "Ode to Sentience". The first single, "Requiem Waltz," debuted on American Songwriter.
White appears on the song "Seeds" from the 2010 album Fall of Spring by Lonely Drifter Karen.

</doc>
<doc id="19159887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159887" title="Sam Reynolds">
Sam Reynolds

Sam Reynolds (born December 13, 1981 in Fortuna, California) is a former American professional soccer player, now a player liaison for PROficient Agency, representing professional soccer players, primarily in the United States and Europe.
Career.
Youth and High School.
Reynolds attended Davis Senior High School, where he played for the Ashley Yudin coached Blue Devils who were undefeated for two seasons and won two CIF Section championships. He graduated in 2000. Reynolds played his youth soccer for the Davis Devils and in 1999-2000 for the River City Rush, a CYSL team coached by Marcos Mercado that won the California State Cup Championship (U-18) in 2000.
College and Amateur.
Reynolds attended Cal State Fullerton where he played four seasons of NCAA Division I soccer under head coach Al Mistri. He red-shirted his freshman year, then played from 2001 to 2004 a total of 59 games, starting 57, accumulating 12 shutouts and finishing with a 1.51. goals against average. Reynolds also played for the United States Adult Soccer Association California-South Region IV team that won the 2004 George F. Donnelly Cup, the US national amateur championship. Reynolds was named MVP of the tournament.
Professional.
On April 2, 2005 Reynolds signed with the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division, but saw no regular season game time. In April 2006 Reynolds signed with Major League Soccer as a “pool” goalkeeper for the 2006 season. He spent most of the season as a reserve keeper with Chivas USA, under head coach Bob Bradley and goalkeeper coach Zak Abdel, and played in MLS reserve matches, but never made a first team start. 
He re-signed as a pool goalkeeper with MLS in 2007, training with Chivas USA, and gained his MLS debut with Toronto FC on July 1, 2007 in a 1-1 draw with the Kansas City Wizards. Three days later he started for Toronto again and earned a 2-1 win over Real Salt Lake, but was injured in the 85th minute. In April 2008, Reynolds signed to a contract with Miami FC of USL First Division. He made three starting appearances in 2008, earning a 1-1 draw on the road against the Vancouver Whitecaps and two shutout victories against the Rochester Rhinos and Atlanta Silverbacks to close out the Miami season with a .33 goals against average. 
He joined Austin Aztex for the 2009 season. He made 12 appearances, but was released at the end of the year.
In 2010 he returned to Cal State Fullerton to coach goalkeepers for both the men's and women's teams for two seasons.
In 2012 he joined PROficient Agency, a Portland based firm started by Reynolds' former Portland Timbers and CSU Fullerton teammate Shaun Higgins.
International.
Reynolds has played in several international exhibitions including in July 2005 with Portland Timbers in a friendly against Sunderland of the English Premier League; friendly matches with Chivas USA against Mexican Primera A sides Necaxa in October 2006 in Aguascalientes, Mexico, and Chivas Guadalajara at Estadio Jalisco in November 2007; and on August 2, 2008 for Miami FC in a friendly match against the Haiti national football team in Miami.
In September 2008 Reynolds was invited to the United States men's national soccer team training camp in Miami for three days of training as the team prepared for their World Cup qualifier match against Cuba.
In February 2012 Reynolds played goalkeeper for the United States Men's National Beach Soccer Team coached by Eddie Soto at the Cancun Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19159889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159889" title="Take You There (Donnie Klang song)">
Take You There (Donnie Klang song)

"Take You There" is a song from American R&B/Pop singer and "Making the Band 4" alumni Donnie Klang. It was the sole debut single to come off his debut album "Just a Rolling Stone". The song was released on March 23, 2008 on digital download. Klang co-wrote the song alongside mentor Diddy (who shares featuring credits with Klang) and production team, the Soul Diggaz (both of which also produced the song). The song managed to chart at #10 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 and #83 on the "Billboard" Pop 100 charts.
Music video.
Directed by Ray Kay, the video starts out with Diddy exiting a club and entering a black limousine containing Donnie and two women in front of them. Diddy and Donnie go on a nightly excursion by going to a liquor store where, along with getting liquor, they attract two other women in the store and they come along with them. The limo stops at a condo where both men get entangled with the various women surrounding them.
The video made its premiere on August 8, 2008 on FNMTV.

</doc>
<doc id="19159890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159890" title="Patricia Maldonado">
Patricia Maldonado

Patricia Maldonado (born May 13, 1975 in São Paulo, Brazil) is an Argentine-Brazilian writer, who wrote scripts for famous Argentine television series such as "Chiquititas", "Verano del '98", "Rebelde Way" and "Floricienta".

</doc>
<doc id="19159900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159900" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Australia">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Australia

This article refers to the sports broadcasting contracts in Australia. For a list of other country's broadcasting rights, see Sports television broadcast contracts.
Certain sporting events are protected by Australia's Anti-siphoning laws which means free-to-air television broadcasters have the chance to bid on protected events before pay television.
Cycling.
Extensive coverage of other tours available on Eurosport and SBS One.

</doc>
<doc id="19159901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159901" title="Huiyuan">
Huiyuan

Huiyuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159908" title="Let them eat cake (disambiguation)">
Let them eat cake (disambiguation)

"Let them eat cake" is a translation of the French ""qu'ils mangent de la brioche"", typically (though probably erroneously) attributed to Marie Antoinette.
Let them eat cake may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159909" title="Henri de Gondi">
Henri de Gondi

Henri de Gondi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19159922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159922" title="Yonnie Starr">
Yonnie Starr

Joseph "Yonnie" Starr (August 11, 1905 – March, 1990) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse trainer about whom the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame says has a "record unmatched in Canadian racing history."
Starr began his career in Thoroughbred racing as a jockey's agent, representing prominent jockeys such as Frank Mann, Pat Remillard, Red Pollard, and George Seabo. At the same time, in an unofficial capacity Starr became involved in the conditioning of horses. As an unlicensed trainer his first win in 1936 was not formally recognized as were the wins of other horses he trained between then and 1952 when he applied for his license.
Yonnie Starr earned his first Canadian Horse of the Year honors in 1955 with Ace Marine, a colt whose wins included the three races that four years later were officially designated as the Canadian Triple Crown series. In all, Starr won ten official Triple Crown Classics including four Queen's Plates. His horses earned ten Sovereign Awards and won a record seven Canadian Horse of the Year titles: Ace Marine (1955), Wonder Where (1959), Fanfreluche (1970), La Prevoyante (1972), L'Enjoleur (1974, 1975), L'Alezane (1977). Seven of the horses he trained were inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame with one of them also elected to the U.S. United States Racing Hall of Fame.
Although Starr trained horses of both sexes, he was recognized as someone who also had a special talent to develop fillies. During his career he trained horses with great success for prominent owners such as Conn Smythe and Larkin Maloney, both individually and for the Smythe/Maloney racing partnersip. In the 1970s and 1980s Starr continued as a dominant force in Canadian racing as the trainer for Quebec sportsman, Jean-Louis Levesque. In addition to training for others, he owned a few horses and notably trained Unbranded who won the 1954 Jockey Club Cup Handicap.
Yonnie Starr trained horses until his death in Florida in March 1990 at age eighty-four. At the time, he had been racing for the winter season at Gulfstream Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19159924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159924" title="Peter Bofinger">
Peter Bofinger

Peter Bofinger (born September 18, 1954) is a German economist and member of the German Council of Economic Experts. He is the only proponent of Keynesian economics in this council.
Bofinger is also the only member of the Council to advocate the adoption of a minimum wage in Germany: He argues that a minimum wage of €5 is necessary to prevent "wage dumping" and to ensure that full-time employment provides enough income.
He does not think that a minimum wage would have a negative impact on employment.

</doc>
<doc id="19159926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159926" title="Henri de Gondi (cardinal)">
Henri de Gondi (cardinal)

Henri de Gondi (1572 – 13 August 1622) was a French bishop and cardinal of the Gondi family. He was the son of Albert de Gondi, duc de Retz and Claude Catherine de Clermont-Tonnerre. He succeeded his uncle Pierre de Gondi as bishop of Paris in 1598 and was succeeded on his death by his younger brother Jean-François de Gondi. He was made a cardinal in 1618.

</doc>
<doc id="19159930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159930" title="Hyles tithymali">
Hyles tithymali

Hyles tithymali is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in North Africa, the Canary Islands, Madeira, some islands in the Mediterranean Sea and in the mountains in Yemen.
The length of the forewings is 45–85 mm.
The larvae feed on Euphorbia.
It is thought that "Hyles tithymali" had a much larger range in Europe, but has been pushed further south after the cooling ca. 3600 years ago. Its place has been taken over by Hyles euphorbiae, which is more resistant to the cold. Because of this, many isolated populations exist today, many of which have developed to distinct subspecies.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies are recognised:
- The taxon "sammuti" [="H. t. sammuti"(Eitschberger, Danner & Surholt, 1998)] according to molecular studies is a hybrid from "H. euphorbiae x H. tithymali".
- "Hyles tithymali cretica" are sometimes treated as a full species and other as a hybrid from "H. euphorbiae x H. tithymali".
- The taxonomic final status of "H. t. gallaeci" Gil-T., Requejo & Estévez, 2011 (larvae very similar to other taxa of the "tithymali" group) is awaiting a study molecular.

</doc>
<doc id="19159932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159932" title="Lyubomir Chernev">
Lyubomir Chernev

Lyubomir Chernev () (born 27 May 1986) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Chavdar Byala Slatina as a midfielder. Chernev is a left midfielder. His first club was a Sportist Svoge.

</doc>
<doc id="19159945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159945" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Belgium">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Belgium

This page refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Belgium. For other countries broadcast rights, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19159949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159949" title="List of Marsiya writers in Urdu">
List of Marsiya writers in Urdu

Following is a list of Marsiya writers in the Urdu language.
See also.
Raza Hamdani
farigh bukhari
Mukhtar Ali Nayyar (1933 - 2009)
Mohsin Naqvi
Shoukat Raza Shoukat

</doc>
<doc id="19159951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159951" title="Chandra Kintala">
Chandra Kintala

Chandra Kintala (1948–2009) was a computer science researcher in New Jersey, United States and Bangalore, India from 2006–2009.
He worked at Bell Labs in AT&T, Lucent and Avaya in New Jersey, where he and Dr. David Belanger invented a language and a software tool used in AT&T for data analytics on very large databases. With Dr. Yennun Huang, he worked on Software-implemented Fault Tolerance and Software Rejuvenation in the 1990s. 
He also worked in distributed systems and network software research at Bell Labs. 
While working at Bell Labs, he held the titles of Adjunct Professor and later Distinguished Industry Professor at Stevens Institute of Technology in New Jersey.
India.
In September 2006, he moved to India as the Director of Motorola Labs in Bangalore. In August 2008, he joined Yahoo! Labs in Bangalore where he held the position of the Director of System Sciences and Academic Relations in India.
Education.
Kintala has a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Penn State University, M. Tech. from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, and B.Tech. from National Institute of Technology, Rourkela, India. He has published 48 refereed research papers. He received 6 US patents and a Smithsonian medal sponsored by Computer World in 1998.
Conferences and memberships.
He has been active at academic and industry conferences and associations:
Death.
Kintala had a heart attack and died on November 5, 2009 at Summit, New Jersey. He is survived by his wife Bharti and his two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19159955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159955" title="House of Hottinguer">
House of Hottinguer

The name “Hottinger” first appears in the annals of the town of Zöllikon, near Zurich, in 1362. The town had recently joined the Swiss Confederation, and was poised to become a thriving center for trade. In 1401, three members of the Hottinger family were named Burghers of the city. Their names Hans, Heinrich and Rudolf – or, in their French variants, Jean, Henri and Rodolphe – have marked the family dynasty for over 500 years. During the 15th and 16th centuries, their descendants oversaw the canton’s progressive transformation from a rural to a financial economy, taking an active role in the region’s political, cultural and religious life all the way into the 18th century.
Five generations of doctors and pastors (1467-1732).
Klaus Hottinger (d.1524), was the first martyr of the Swiss Protestant movement. His grandson Sébastien Hottinger (1538–1600), was a doctor and deputy of the Zurich City Council. Hans-Heinrich Hottinger, Sébastien Hottinger’s brother, produced for his part an illustrious line of mathematicians, physicists, doctors, and theologians, among which Hans-Heinrich Hottinger (1620–1667), better known as Johann Heinrich Hottinger, a famous orientalist, historian, theologian and Dean of the University of Heidelberg. 
Wolfgang Hottinger’s son, Hans-Rudolf (1600–1639) charted a new destiny for the Hottingers as clergymen. His son, Rudolf (1642–1692), and grandson Hans-Rudolf (1673–1732) also became pastors. Zurich rapidly prospered during the second half of the 17th century with the end of the Thirty Year War (1618–1648), the Treaty of Westphalia, and Switzerland's independence from the Holy Roman Empire proclaiming the Confederacy’s neutrality. There is little surprise, therefore, that a branch of the Hottinger family would become involved in commerce and trade. It is from this branch that the financial dynasty would emerge.
Businessmen and politicians (1712-1764).
Johannes Hottinger was born in 1712, the sole surviving son among Hans-Rudolf and Verena Hottinger’s five children. The year of Johannes’s birth was marked by the end of the 2nd Battle of Villmergen, following which Zurich was fully able to capitalize on its position as a major European crossroads and trading center. Johannes's career would be further aided by the fact that his uncle, Christof Hottinger, was Deputy of the City Council for the powerful saffron corporation and Treasurer of the Grossmünster.
In 1734, Johannes married the daughter of Johannès Cramer, a draper and likewise Deputy of the City Council as representative of the saffron corporation. The couple’s three sons – Johann-Heinrich (1734–1808), Johannes (1738–1797) and Johann-Rudolf (1739–1809) would all be raised from an early age with a keen appreciation for trade and business. All three would marry the daughters of well-established merchants, and expanded their business by establishing relations with the Geneva banking house Passavant, de Candolle, Bertrand & Cie.
First steps in finance (1764-1784).
Johann-Konrad (1764–1841), or Jean-Conrad in its French version, was Johann-Rudolf Hottinger’s second son, and the one who would definitively establish the family as a financial dynasty. Like many sons of wealthy Zurich families, he was sent to Mulhouse in 1779 for a traineeship with a cotton factory. But Jean-Conrad was less interested in cotton trading, silk printing or smelting than in impressing the economist M. Wolf, with whom he resided, with his aptitude for drawing and mathematics. As he became more and more interested in finance, Jean-Conrad eventually answered the call of his uncle Johann Heinrich Hottinger to join him in Geneva in 1783.
Home to many Protestant banking firms, Geneva was certainly better suited to Jean-Conrad Hottinger’s aspirations. Thanks to his uncle’s connections, Jean-Conrad was able to train as a banker with Passavant, de Candolle, Bertrand & Cie. Over the ensuing years, Jean-Conrad Hottinger would display a thirst for knowledge and a deepening interest in the issue of public debt, notably in France and Great Britain. Soon he expressed a desire to go to Paris, following in the footsteps of Jacques Necker, director-general of the French royal finances.
From Clerk to Banker (1784-1787).
Jean-Conrad Hottinger left for the French capital that same year with a letter of introduction by his former employees. This enabled him to start clerking for Le Couteulx & Cie, a highly reputable business, which had been ennobled in the time of Louis XIV. Back in Zurich, a number of illustrious wealthy businessmen - among whom Jean Conrad and Salomon Escher, Martin Usteri, and Jean Conrad Ott - gathered in early 1786 to discuss how to invest in Paris and which banks to contact. Jean Conrad Escher put forward the name of Hottinger, “the son of Jean Rodophe Hottinger and a young clerk in the service of Le Couteulx.”
Arriving in Paris, Jean Conrad and Salomon Escher met with Denis de Rougemont de Chatellois, at the head of an old Parisian banking house, which, at the time, was experiencing credit problems. The Eschers were therefore able to suggest a partnership with the person of their choice. They met with then 23 year-old Jean-Conrad Hottinger, and an immediate bond was forged between the three men. Within the short space of a meeting, Jean-Conrad went from banking clerk to bank owner. In September 1786, the creation of “Rougemont, Hottinger & Cie” was announced. A few months later, in early 1787, the new bank was listed in the Royal Almanac, with offices at Rue Croix des Petits-Champs, Hôtel de Beaupreaux.
The French Revolution (1788-1798).
The bank expanded markedly within months, and already differences appeared between the two associates: “M. Hottinger, highly intelligent and capable, aims to immediately make a fortune; I only wish to preserve mine,” wrote de Rougemont. Soon thereafter, de Rougemont encountered problems that cause the bank's Swiss underwriters, Usteri and Escher, to lose confidence in him. Arriving in Paris amidst social upheaval in 1788, they decide to break ranks with de Rougemont. The following month, however, a number of bankruptcies forced them to reconsider, and matters were further complicated the following year by the French Revolution.
The split then became political, as Jean-Conrad Hottinger pushed to extend the assignats (notes issued as paper currency from 1789 to 1796 by the revolutionary government on the security of confiscated lands) to the financial world. Their partnership was effectively dissolved at end 1790. For his part, Jean-Conrad had already entered an agreement with the former banker of the King of Poland, Paul Sellouf in July 1790. But ageing and sick, Sellouf retired only a few months later, leaving Jean-Conrad with an extensive and select clientele.
As of October 15, 1790, Jean-Conrad Hottinguer found himself the sole owner of a banking institution that bore his name. The following years were not without turmoil, however, even though Jean-Conrad Hottinguer eventually emerged unscathed. According to The World of Private Banking, he left Paris in 1794 to pursue business opportunities in the United States. “When he came back to Paris in 1798, he founded “Hottinguer & Co.” and soon thereafter opened branches at Le Havre and other French ports. He became a financial advisor of Talleyrand and is known as one of the first regents of the Banque de France.”
Establishing a financial dynasty (1798-1832).
Jean-Conrad Hottinguer – a ‘u’ had been added to the name to preserve the Germanic pronunciation of the name – continued to profit from his knowledge of the issue of public debt. In particular, he took a strong interest in the new commercial laws promulgated by Napoleon as of 1807. Shortly thereafter, in the throes of several victories, the Emperor decided to bestow titles and honors on affluent members of society. Marshals were named dukes, ministers were named counts, and mayors, bankers and bishops became barons.
On 19 September 1810, Jean-Conrad Hottinguer was named Baron of the Empire. He went on to have six daughters and two sons. The eldest, Jean-Henri, inherited the title and the family business. Born in 1803, Jean-Henri Hottinguer took over his father’s position at the head of the bank in January 1833. Jean-Conrad had by now born out Napoleon’s defeat – playing no small role in handling France’s massive war debt – as well as the July Revolution of 1830. The family fortune was made, and Jean-Henri’s focus would be to expand business abroad.
Entering the Industrial Age (1833-1866).
Jean-Henri's life was at least as eventful and adventurous as his father's. He traveled to England when he was only 15 years old. At the age of 23, he sailed to New Orleans to establish new trade business with America, made possible by the bank’s fleet of ships built by his father. He then made his way to Washington D.C. by steamboat, carriage and rail. In 1832, Jean-Henri married Caroline Delessert, the daughter of Baron François Delessert. In 1818, Jules Paul Benjamin Delessert and Hottinguer created the first savings company and contingency fund in France for modest earners - a precursor to pension funds - called “Caisse d’épargne et de prévoyance.” 
Caroline was the last in the line of the Delessert financial dynasty, and Jean-Henri Hottinguer took over the bank in 1848. His travels did not end after taking over the reins of the family business. He was quick to recognize the potential of the new technologies of his time, notably electricity, and participated in many of the business ventures linked to the economic development of Europe in the mid-19th century. Jean-Henri was notably instrumental in developing the French railway system, as well as, in 1852, contributing in the creation of the French waterworks company, the Compagnie générale des eaux, known today as Veolia Environment. He also invested in Russia and was involved in restructuring Mexico’s finances in the early years of the French intervention.
Weathering the storms (1867-1950).
Jean-Henri Hottinguer died in 1866, leaving the bank in good hands. Already his son, Rodolphe Hottinguer (1835-1920), had distinguished himself by leading a group of six European financiers in meetings with the Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire, resulting in the creation, in 1863, of the Ottoman Bank (today part of Grindlays Bank). In France, the Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 and the advent of the Third Republic had little impact on the country’s financial institutions. A series of economic setbacks coupled with overexpansion in the US and Europe, however, led to severe deflation and a world-wide depression in 1873, which lasted in France until 1896.
Hottinguer & Cie. survived and even thrived thanks to its continued involvement in the major financial events of the time, as well as Rodolphe Hottinguer’s inherited interest and knowledge of the issue of public debt. In 1890, the bank fittingly celebrated its centennial, as Rodolphe Hottinger continued to pursue his father’s preoccupation with the development of France’s industrial infrastructure. He notably occupied the position of Vice President of the Paris-Lyon-Méditérannée (PLM) railway. But barely two decades after the end of the economic depression, Rodolphe Hottinguer would face more tumultuous times with the advent of World War I. 
By this time, Rodolphe could rely on the help of his son Henri Hottinguer (1868-1943), who was present in 1919 at the signing of the Armistice with Germany, and on whose shoulders would fall the arduous task of coping with the Great Depression. In turn, Henri would be able to rely on the intelligence and diligence of his own son, Rodolphe Hottinguer (1902-1985), during World War II. As he worked hard to keep the business afloat and preserve the family domain of Castle Piple, Rodolphe consigned his memories of the war to a black notebook. These memories include retrieving a list of Hottinguer employees from a German employment office at Chateaudun, or racing down a deserted Rue Royale in Paris, in August 1944, chased by a truck full of German soldiers.
The modern era (1950-2011).
With Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer (1902-1985), the bank truly entered the 20th century to embrace a modern approach to banking. He led the financial dynasty through rapidly changing times, managing to preserve the tradition of private banking and the qualities of a family-oriented, human size institution in an era of enticing opportunities offered by the inexorable trend towards globalization. In 1945, Hottinguer & Cie. in Paris joined in creating the Drouot insurance company, which would be one of AXA's roots. 
During his long life, Rodolphe Hottinguer pursued the family tradition of being actively involved in the economic development of France and Europe. He would occupy such important posts as Vice-Chairman of the Paris Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce, Chairman of the European Banking Federation and, for more than 35 years,
Chairman of the French Banking Association now called Fédération Bancaire Française. Rodolphe Hottinguer died in 1985 leaving his son, Henri, a banking legacy in solid shape and sound condition. The Banque Hottinguer in Paris was sold to the Credit Suisse in 1997.
In 1968, Henri Hottinguer, Rodolphe's son, returned to Zurich and founded Hottinger & Cie, Zurich, and with the help of his sons, Rodolphe and Frederic, they started the Swiss and the international development of the Hottinger Banking Group. They founded Hottinger Capital Corp in New-York, opened a Geneva branch in 1987, and managed Hottinger Capital SA in Geneva as of 1998. A year later, they initiated a proactive international policy, based on a system of strategic partnerships, or “affiliated companies,” to expand the bank’s reach without unduly expanding its size. The Group Bank Hottinger is now active in Basel, Brig, Geneva, New-York, Sion, Zurich. Since its inception in 1968, 9 members of the Hottinguer Family where partners of the Bank in Switzerland: Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer, Pierre Hottinguer, Baron Henri Hottinguer, Jean Philippe Hottinguer, Paul Hottinguer, Francois Hottinguer, Emmanuel Hottinguer, Rodolphe Hottinger and Frederic Hottinguer.
In 2007, as Paul Hottinguer retired, two first cousins of the Hottinguer family became partners of the Bank: Paul de Pourtales became Managing Partner, and Jonathan Bowdler-Raynar as Limited Partner. In December 2009 Rodolphe Hottinger left the Hottinger Group and created
La Financière Rodolphe Hottinger SA. In May 2010, to prepare the future challenges of the new financial environment, the bank became Hottinger & Cie SA with the arrival of new partners.
The family-office style of business is a tradition, to which the family is particularly beholden. As Rodolphe Hottinger once explained: “We are not a private bank but a house of private bankers. The distinction is important. (...) We take care of our clients as family doctors used to do. We’ve known some families for generations.”

</doc>
<doc id="19159957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159957" title="Clifford Coulter">
Clifford Coulter

Clifford Coulter is an American blues, R&B and jazz guitarist and keyboardist.
He released three albums, 1970's "East Side San Jose" (Impulse! Records), 1971's "Do It Now: Worry About It Later" (Impulse! Records) and 1980's "The Better Part of Me" (Columbia Records).
The latter record was produced by Bill Withers, and included contributions from Russ Kunkel, Ron E. Beck, and Jerry Perez, and is an Allmusic album pick.
Discography.
With Mel Brown
"'With Michael White

</doc>
<doc id="19159967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159967" title="Henri de Gondi, duc de Retz">
Henri de Gondi, duc de Retz

Henri de Gondi, duc de Retz (1590–1659) was a French nobleman of the Gondi family. He was the son of Charles de Gondi, duc de Retz and Antoinette (1574 † 25 April 1618), lady of Château-Gontier (daughter of Léonor d'Orléans, duc de Longueville). He became duc de Retz on his father's death in 1596. He married Jeanne de Beaupreau, and they had 2 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19159983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19159983" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Brazil">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Brazil

Sports Television Channels in Brazil.
Free TV:
Cable and Satellite TV (Regular Channels):
Cable and Satellite TV (Pay-per-view Channels):
Football.
Brazil:
International:

</doc>
<doc id="19160006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160006" title="List of compositions by Fabio Vacchi">
List of compositions by Fabio Vacchi

This is a list of compositions by Fabio Vacchi.

</doc>
<doc id="19160010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160010" title="Wilhelm Wieben">
Wilhelm Wieben

Wilhelm Wieben (born June 2, 1935) is a German journalist, actor and author.
Wieben was born in Hennstedt, Dithmarschen. After school he studied theater at "Max-Reinhardt-Schule für Schauspiel" in Berlin. Later he worked as a journalist for Radio Bremen. From 1972 to 1998 Wieben was a news presenter on the TV channel ARD in Tagesschau. Wieben has authored books in Low German, a regional language in Northern Germany.
Inge Meysel outed Wieben in a 1995 interview in the magazine Stern.

</doc>
<doc id="19160020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160020" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Canada">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Canada

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Canada. For broadcasting rights lists of other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.
Baseball.
Major League Baseball.
Sportsnet holds the national contract with MLB to carry national broadcasts, including the MLB All-Star Game and the postseason, with the current contract expiring in 2013. Since May 2010, it has sub-licensed its rights to "Sunday Night Baseball" to TSN2 for the same period, in exchange for TSN and TSN2 releasing their rights to Toronto Blue Jays games. However, individual "SNB" games may still air on Sportsnet in the event of scheduling conflicts on both TSN and TSN2.
All Canadian broadcast rights to Blue Jays games are now held by Sportsnet, with the possible exception of any "SNB" games (however, the Jays have not been featured on "SNB" in several years). Since August 2010, some games have aired on the digital-only channel Sportsnet One (as opposed to the regional Sportsnet channels which are available on analogue cable). Since the Blue Jays and Sportsnet are both wholly owned by Rogers Communications, Sportsnet's rights are of indefinite duration.
Most Sportsnet channels (including Sportsnet One) also carry a variety of non-Blue Jays games of regional interest that are not part of the U.S. national packages. For example, Sportsnet Pacific carries many Seattle Mariners games, while Sportsnet East carries several Boston Red Sox games, simulcasting the applicable local broadcaster. Sportsnet also airs many games involving the New York Yankees and Los Angeles Dodgers.
The MLB Extra Innings subscription package is available through most Canadian television providers. In 2014, after successfully sponsoring its addition to the whitelist of foreign channels approved for carriage in Canada, Rogers Cable became the first provider in Canada to offer MLB Network.
Finally, U.S. over-the-air coverage, such as the national Saturday afternoon package on Fox and sometimes team broadcasts from local stations, is also available in Canada. Peachtree TV, an Atlanta station which holds a share of the local broadcast rights to the Atlanta Braves, is available through most Canadian cable and satellite providers, and on rare occasions has covered games between the Braves and the Blue Jays not covered by any Canadian outlet. The same applies to WGN-TV and WPIX, which are also carried in Canada as superstations.
Basketball.
National Basketball Association.
The NBA's Canadian marketing arm is managed by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, parent company of the Toronto Raptors. As a result, MLSE sells packages typically including both Raptors and non-Raptors games. Simulcasts of U.S. national broadcasts from TNT, ESPN, or NBA TV typically have priority, although in many cases out-of-market team broadcasts may be aired as well.
Toronto Raptors games are primarily aired by TSN and TSN2, with selected games airing on Sportsnet or Sportsnet One. The owners of these networks, Bell Canada and Rogers Communications, jointly own a stake in MLSE.
Games are also aired by Sportsnet 360 and NBA TV Canada, particularly non-Raptors games. TSN2 airs most regular-season TNT games, and TSN exclusively carries the NBA Finals (although virtually every viewer who receives TSN also gets ABC from their cable or satellite service provider; although it is not legally required to, co-owned provider Bell TV will simsub ABC feeds with TSN). Most of ABC's non-Finals games are simulcast on CHCH-TV (allowing for simsubs for those living in relevant areas.
All remaining games are available through the NBA League Pass out-of-market sports package.
NCAA.
TSN owns the Canadian broadcast rights to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament through a deal with ESPN International, with coverage on both TSN and TSN2. CBS coverage of the tournament is also available in Canada.
Coverage of regular-season games vary; both Big Ten Network and CBS Sports Network, along with U.S. network broadcasts of games are available, while games aired by U.S. cable networks unavailable in Canada (such as ESPN or FSN) are simulcast by networks such as TSN and Sportsnet 360.
Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
TSN currently owns the rights to the CIS men's and women's basketball tournaments. Some games are not broadcast but instead streamed online.
Cricket.
Asian Television Network owns the vast majority of Canadian cricket rights, with marquee events typically airing live on CBN, and selected events and other programming airing on ATN Cricket Plus. ATN also owns the rights to the ICC Cricket World Cup, this tournament is broadcast on pay-per-view throughout Canada.
The Indian Premier League was telecast live on CBN with replays and highlights on ATN Cricket Plus. However, starting with the 2011 IPL tournament, games were shifted to being aired live on pay-per-view and on Sportsnet.
Football.
National Football League.
NBC, CBS, and Fox are available in Canada but their broadcasts may be subject to simultaneous substitution. NFL Network is available as well, but its games are similarly blacked out in Canada in deference to Sportsnet. Finally, NFL Sunday Ticket is also available through virtually all service providers, whereas in the U.S. the service is exclusive to DirecTV. 
Due to Canadian regulations that permit stations from different areas to be carried in the same market, several games may be available in each of the Sunday timeslots through a combination of domestic and American stations from different areas, without a subscription to Sunday Ticket. By contrast, outside a handful of areas where multiple neighbouring network affiliates are available, no more than three games may be aired in a given U.S. market on any Sunday afternoon (up to four games in week 17).
Canadian college football.
TSN and RDS broadcast the national CIS playoff games, namely the Mitchell Bowl, the Uteck Bowl, and the Vanier Cup. The Score carries some OUA games while SRC carries many QSSF games.
Games not covered by these contracts are often carried by local cable community channels.
U.S. college football.
Some NCAA games air on The Score, usually on Thursday nights in 2008. Most bowl games are split between TSN and The Score. The BCS Games air on TSN or TSN2. This is in addition to U.S. broadcast network coverage and, in some areas (depending on the set(s) of network affiliates received), syndicated packages such as ESPN Plus.
Hockey.
History.
The CBC's "Hockey Night in Canada", at that time owned by "Canadian Sports Network", the production arm of MacLaren Advertising, was outbid for the broadcast rights to the 1972 Summit Series by a partnership of Harold Ballard and Bobby Orr, but "HNIC" staff were used.
"Globe and Mail" writer Bruce Dowbiggin credits TSN with turning the World Junior Hockey Championships from an obscure non-event when it accuired the rights in 1991 (and which it remains in most hockey countries) to one of Canada's most beloved annual sports events, and at the same time cementing the link between Canadian nationalism and hockey, and inspiring the NHL's Winter Classic.
National Hockey League.
Current national rights (through 2013–14).
National broadcast rights, including both TV and Internet broadcast rights (current contracts run until 2014) are as follows. Note that in the case of playoff games (particularly in the second and third rounds), CBC and TSN have the flexibility to trade games in case of scheduling conflicts, and therefore the games broadcast during any particular season may not correspond exactly to the contracted rights listed below.
The CBC has occasionally shared its rights with ethnic broadcasters to provide simulcast game coverage in languages other than English or French. Presumably TSN has the same rights for its games should it choose to exercise them.
The contracts in effect since the 2008–09 season allow for several weeknight games on CBC each season, but also place limits on the number of CBC regular-season broadcasts featuring a single team. TSN is also now permitted to carry first and second round playoff games involving Canadian teams, which were previously exclusively broadcast by CBC.
National rights beginning 2014–15.
Rogers Communications will begin a twelve-year deal as exclusive national NHL rightsholder starting with the 2014–15 NHL season, including exclusive rights to games aired on Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays. English-language coverage will air on CBC Television (Saturday nights and finals only under a sublicence deal), City, Sportsnet, Sportsnet One, and Sportsnet 360. Rogers will also take over Canadian distribution of the NHL Centre Ice package (but under CRTC rules it cannot make the package exclusive to Rogers Cable).
French-language rights have been subcontracted to Quebecor Media, which is expected to air games on TVA Sports, TVA Sports 2, and potentially also the over-the-air TVA network; this includes at least 22 Montreal Canadiens games per season. Rogers also has the right to air game coverage in other languages on its Omni Television stations.
Rogers also announced plans to air multiple games across all of its various channels on any given night during the regular season. For example, in a handout that Rogers gave to the media, a Saturday would consist of:
Rogers also stated that CBC will initially air the Stanley Cup Finals, but also indicated that it might simulcast the series across its multiple channels should a Canadian team advance that far.
More specifics on national broadcasts were announced by Rogers in February 2014. All broadcasts on Saturday night across its multiple channels will be under the "Hockey Night in Canada" umbrella. Sunday night games will be under the "Hometown Hockey" umbrella, with the marquee game airing on City, and will be hosted in a different community rink each week. And Wednesday nights will be under the "NHL on Sportsnet" name, with Sportsnet One airing a game between two U.S. teams (usually a simulcast of NBCSN's "Wednesday Night Rivalry" game). In total, over 500 games will air nationally by Rogers.
Regional.
Canadian teams also contract with local or regional broadcasters for selected pre-season and regular season games not covered by the national contracts. These deals are separate from the national rights deal, and typically cover up to 60 regular-season games per season.
Each team's regional game broadcasts are restricted to viewers of that team's designated home broadcast region as assigned by the NHL. Outside said region, these broadcasts are made available exclusively through NHL Centre Ice (TV) or NHL GameCenter Live (online). If the originating channel is available outside a team's region (e.g. out-of-market Sportsnet feeds), the game broadcasts must be blacked out in these other areas.
Under previous (2002–14) rights deals with RDS, French-language rights to all Canadiens games were included in the national NHL contract and could be televised nationally. With the national rights changing hands to Rogers/TVA as of the 2014–15 season, the Canadiens had the option to either continue packaging its rights with the national deal, or opt-out and sell regional-only rights separately. The Canadiens opted for the latter, signing a separate twelve-year deal with RDS for French-language TV rights in the team's designated broadcast region. (The team is part-owned by TSN/RDS parent company BCE.)
U.S. teams in close proximity to the Canadian border are now also able to sell Canadian regional broadcast rights to their games. As of the 2013–14 season, Bell Satellite TV and Bell Fibe TV own regional rights to Buffalo Sabres broadcasts for portions of Canada within a 50-mile radius of First Niagara Center, approximately stretching from Niagara Falls to the community of Stoney Creek in Hamilton. Sabres game broadcasts are available to Bell TV subscribers in this region at no extra cost, and moreover are no longer available as part of the NHL Centre Ice package through other providers serving this region. The Detroit Red Wings, whose market borders on Windsor, Ontario, is presumably able to sell similar rights but has not yet done so.
As with other sports properties, game broadcasts on U.S. "terrestrial" stations, such as the NBC broadcast network's national rights package as well as WGN-TV's broadcasts of the Chicago Blackhawks, are not subject to blackout for Canadian cable/satellite subscribers receiving those stations.
Canadian Hockey League.
Sportsnet airs the Memorial Cup tournament and selected other games from across the CHL's member leagues. Many regular-season games are aired locally by the applicable cable community channels.
Mixed Martial Arts.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Sportsnet 360 airs all UFC televised events not sold as pay-per-views, including preliminary cards for PPV events, live non-PPV events, "The Ultimate Fighter", and "UFC Fight Night".

</doc>
<doc id="19160022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160022" title="Dave Mackay (musician)">
Dave Mackay (musician)

Dave Mackay (born 1932) is an American jazz pianist, singer-composer with roots in the works of Art Tatum, Bud Powell, and Bill Evans, who favors the standards of the 1940s and 1950s and the bossa novas of Luíz Eça, Antonio Carlos Jobim, and João Gilberto when performing.
Biography.
Dave Mackay attended Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut from 1950 to 1954, where he was the first blind student to graduate. He then attended Boston University from 1956 to 1958, where he studied with Margaret Charloff. Dave also studied with Lennie Tristano in New York City, then at the Lenox School of Jazz where he studied with Bill Evans, and lastly at The Hartford School of Music where he studied with Asher Zlotnik.
In the mid-1960s Dave Mackay joined the Hindustani Jazz Sextet with Don Ellis, Harihar Rao, who played sitar and tabla, vibraphonist Emil Richards, drummer Steve Bohannon, bassists Chuck Domanico and Ray Neapolitan. The band performed mainly original compositions which had titles like "Sweet Nineteen", "Turks Works", and "Bombay Bossa Nova". Mackay also played with the Don Ellis Orchestra in the mid-1960s. The Don Ellis Orchestra was distinguished by its unusual instrumentation (which in its early days had up to three bassists and three drummers), incorporated Indian musical elements into modern big-band writing, and different time signatures such as 5/4, 7/8, and 9/4, and more complex rhythmic cycles like 19/4 and 27/16 and its occasionally wacky humor (highlighted by an excess of false endings) and an openness towards using rock rhythms. In 1966 the Don Ellis Orchestra earned a place at the Monterey Jazz Festival. Following this successful breakthrough performance, the band performed at the Pacific Jazz Festival in October 1966, and at Shelly's Manne Hole in March 1967, releasing segments of each on 1967s "Live in 3 2/3 4 Time" (Pacific Jazz).
In the late-1960s Dave Mackay and Vicky Hamilton formed a duo and produced three recordings together. The albums include sunshine pop and the groovy side of jazz in many odd time signatures. The duo sings together on most of their tracks, with a mixed male/female vocal approach. Mackay plays Fender Rhodes and piano on the albums. The tunes are mostly originals penned by the pair, and instrumentation on the record includes flute and saxes from Ira Schulman and guitar from Joe Pass.
In the mid-1970s, Dave Mackay, Bill Henderson, and Joyce Collins formed a unique trio which toured the northwest and gained favorable reviews. The trio recorded two Grammy nominated albums for Discovery: "Street of Dreams" (1980) and "Johnny Mercer Tribute". In 1981 Mackay, Henderson, and Collins performed their music on the television show "Ad Lib", hosted by composer and pianist Phil Moore.
In the late-1980s Dave Mackay, Lori Bell, and Ron Satterfield formed the group "Interplay". Their first album titled "Interplay" was selected on the Grammy ballot in four categories, including Best Instrumental Composition; Dave Mackay – (Joyful), Best Instrumental Solo; Dave Mackay – (Joyful), and best Jazz Instrumental Performance of a Group; "Interplay". The groups second album is titled Dave Mackay and Interplay, Live at the New York Grill.
In the 1990s, Dave Mackay teamed up with Stephanie Haynes. The duo recorded a CD called "Two On A Swing" for Why Not Records. On their CD, Mackay is sometimes only barely hinting at the more conventional chords to the standards with hair-raising accompaniment. The interplay between voice and piano on "Easy to Love" and the witty "Everything But You" are high points on this very satisfying and sometimes unpredictable CD.
Dave Mackay has also performed with Serge Chaloff, Sonny Stitt, Bob Wilber, Bobby Hackett, Jim Hall, Don Ellis, Emil Richards, Shelly Manne, Chet Baker, Joe Pass, Warne Marsh, Kai Winding, Stephanie Haynes, and Tierney Sutton at some of the top Jazz clubs in the country including, Boston's Storeyville and Jazz Workshop, New York's Left Bank and Village Vanguard, and Chicago's Mr. Kelly's, Shelly's Manne Hole, The Lighthouse, Donte's Jazz Supper Club, and the Samoa House.
Dave Mackay's original compositions include "Love Will Win", "Melissa", "Hands", "Joyful", "Blues for Polly-O", "Three for Five", "Blessings and Free", Samba For Vicky", "Now" and "Here". "Now" and "Here" were later recorded by Cal Tjader, and "Samba For Vicky" was later recorded by the Baja Marimba Band. In addition Dave co-wrote "Like Me", "Peek-A-Boo", Will-O-The-Wisp" and "See My Rainbow". Mackay also wrote a majority of the music (with lyricist Barbara Schill) for a hit stage musical comedy entitled "Is It Just Me, Or Is It Hot In Here?" (music by Dave Mackay & Barbara Schill; book & lyrics by Barbara Schill). It appeared to sold out audiences (1995–1998) first at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, then CBS Studio Center in Burbank, the Odyssey Theatre and Century City Playhouse.
Over the years Dave Mackay's music has been described as magical, lyrical, incredibly fluent, any key, any song he's got it, one of the world's better accompanists, an awesome impressive jazz style, rhythmically articulate piano, a remarkable pianist, wistful piano, an implicit ensemble sense of swing, hip, full of joy, spark, and fire, and one of the Southland's finest pianists.
Still in prime form at age 78, Dave Mackay continues to perform regularly in and around the Los Angeles area.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Don Ellis

</doc>
<doc id="19160023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160023" title="DXYR">
DXYR

YES FM 104.7 is a FM station owned by Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines. The station's studio and transmitter is located at 6th floor TTK Tower Building, Don Apolinario Velez Street, Cagayan de Oro City, Philippines. It is a 24 hour operating station, except on Sundays where it signs off at midnight to 5:00 AM, except Holy Week each year where it signs off at midnight of Maundy Thursday, and lasts until 5:00 AM of Black Saturday.

</doc>
<doc id="19160033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160033" title="Maria O'Neill">
Maria O'Neill

Maria da Conceição Infante de Lacerda Pereira de Eça Custance O'Neill (Lisbon, 19 November 1873 - 23 March 1932) was a Portuguese writer, poet, journalist, and spiritualist of Irish descent.
Family.
Maria O'Neill was the daughter of Carlos Tomás O'Neill (Lisbon, Encarnação, 6 December 1846 - ?) and wife (m. 1873) Maria Carlota Pereira de Eça Infante de Lacerda (Lisbon, 15 July 1852 - Lisbon, 1921), daughter of José António Pereira de Eça and wife Maria da Conceição Infante de Lacerda, and paterjnal granddaughter of Carlos Torlades O'Neill (30 April 1820 (Baptized Lisbon, São Paulo, 13 May 1822) - ?) and wife (m. Lisbon, Encarnação, 4 November 1845) Adelaide Carolina Custance (Lisbon, Santiago, 15 September 1821 - ?), daughter of Thomas Parsons Custance, an English subject (married secondly to his aunt Ludovina Cecília O'Neill), and first wife Antónia Eugénia Barbosa de Brito.
She had a younger brother Carlos Torlades O'Neill (Lisbon, 13 December 1874 - ?), Merchant in Lisbon, where he lived single, Company Administrator, Member of the Administration Council of the Companhia de Seguros Previdente, married to Laura Moreira, without issue, and two aunts, Adelaide O'Neill (? - termo of Setúbal, her Quinta dos Bonecos, 14 November 1865), unmarried and without issue, and Ethelinda O'Neill, unmarried and without issue.
She was a great-granddaughter of José Maria O'Neill, the titular head of the Clanaboy O'Neill dynasty, whose family has been in Portugal since the 18th century, and wife Ludovina de Jesus Alves Solano.
Career.
O'Neill was a writer, poet and journalist. She was also a spiritualist, member of the Superior Deliberative Council of the "Federação Espírita Portuguesa" and member of the Editorial Office of the magazine "Espiritismo". She died on the high seas, on the Atlantic Ocean, on board of the "General Osório", travelling from Brazil back to Portugal after giving one of her Spiritualist Conferences.
Marriage and issue.
She married in Lisbon in 1890 António de Bulhões (c. 1870 - ?), a civil servant, and had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19160037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160037" title="Pierre de Gondi">
Pierre de Gondi

Pierre de Gondi, cardinal de Retz (1533–1616) was a French bishop and cardinal of the Gondi family.
Life.
Born in Lyon, he was a brother of Albert de Gondi (two of whose sons, Henri and Jean-François, succeeded Pierre as bishop of Paris) and a protégé of Catherine de Médicis. In turn, he became bishop of Langres (1565), bishop of Paris (1570), chancellor and grand almoner to Elisabeth of Austria, wife of Charles IX of France.
He was created cardinal in 1587.
Godni undertook several missions to Rome under Henry III of France and Henry IV of France and attended the 1592 papal conclave.

</doc>
<doc id="19160041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160041" title="2001 Copa AT&amp;T – Singles">
2001 Copa AT&amp;T – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 6–1, 6–3 against José Acasuso.

</doc>
<doc id="19160071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160071" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Latin America">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Latin America

Baseball.
Major League Baseball
Other baseball
Basketball.
National Basketball Association
FIBA events
Other basketball
Gridiron Football.
National Football League
NCAA College Football 
Olympics.
2014 Winter Games
Pay TV: ESPN, Fox Sports and Claro Sports
Free-To-Air:
2016 Summer Games
Pay TV: ESPN, Fox Sports and Claro Sports
Free-To-Air:
Association Football.
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
Recopa Sudamericana
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
European Leagues.
La Liga 
Serie A 
Premier League 
1. Bundesliga 
Ligue 1 
Eredivisie 
Other leagues.
European Cups
CONCACAF Champions League
Primera División Argentina
Primera División de México
Copa Credife, Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A
FIFA

</doc>
<doc id="19160088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160088" title="Deilephila porcellus">
Deilephila porcellus

Deilephila porcellus, known as the Small Elephant Hawk-moth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in Europe, North Africa and Western Asia.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Galium" and "Epilobium".

</doc>
<doc id="19160093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160093" title="John Harvey (rugby league)">
John Harvey (rugby league)

John Harvey (born 19 April 1955 in Manly, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 80s and coach of the 1990s. He played for Manly-Warringah and Eastern Suburbs and coached the Gold Coast Seagulls and Salford City Reds. Harvey primarily played at prop.
Playing career.
Harvey was a Manly junior who grew into a hard-hitting prop with a reputation for a high-arm action when making a shoulder charge. Harvey played in two grand-finals while at Manly, in the 1976 win over Parramatta. Harvey was selected to represent Australia for one Test in 1978 against New Zealand but spent the whole game on the interchange bench. He played in the 1978 NSWRFL season's Grand Final draw and subsequent win over Cronulla-Sutherland. Harvey had a further chance that year to play in an international when he was selected for the 1978 Kangaroo tour, but he created some controversy when he declined the selection due to personal reasons.
After receiving an offer which doubled his Manly pay-packet, Harvey signed with Easts in 1979. He played in Easts losing 1980 grand final side and remained with the club until the end of 1982 when he "went bush". In 1983, Harvey captain-coached the Tweed Heads Seagulls for a season, winning the Group 18 premiership as well as the Country Rugby League's Clayton Cup.
Bob Fulton made Harvey an offer to return to Manly in 1984 but his playing contract wasn't extended for the following season and Harvey returned to country football once more.
Harvey continued to play in NSW country leagues until 1992, with seasons at Forster-Tuncurry Hawks, Gold Coast Seagulls and Wee Waa. Harvey finished his playing career at Wee Waa, leading the team to a grand final victory in the Group 4 competition at the age of 37.
Coaching career.
Harvey returned to the Gold Coast as a coach in 1994, succeeding Wally Lewis. The club was rebranded and became the Gold Coast Chargers in 1996 and Phil Economidis took over from John Harvey as coach.
In May 1999, Harvey replaced Andy Gregory as head coach at Salford City Reds in the English Super League. After the club avoided relegation at the end of the 1999 season, Harvey was given a contract for a further season.

</doc>
<doc id="19160096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160096" title="Crusade (Young novel)">
Crusade (Young novel)

Crusade is a novel by Robyn Young set during the end of the ninth and final crusade. It was first published by Dutton in 2007.
Plot summary.
"Crusade", like "Brethren" before it, follows Will Campbell, a Templar involved in a secret order known as the Anima Templi, as he tries to secure peace in the Holy Land with the help of Kalawun, a high-ranking officer in the Mamluk court ruled by Sultan Baybars. Both of these men face plots from within their own organisations to throw the Holy Land into war: in Acre, Will must stop a cabal of merchants seeking to start a war by stealing the Muslim relic known as the Black Stone; while in Egypt, Baybars' son Baraka Khan and soothsayer Khadir al-Mihrani are plotting to overthrow Baybars and redouble the attack on the last remaining Franks in the Holy Land. Meanwhile, Will's childhood friend, Garin de Lyons, is now in the employ of King Edward I and has returned to Acre to extort money from the Anima Templi and to pursue his own, more selfish ends; and Will faces a threat from Baybars as the sultan gets nearer and nearer to discovering that it was Will who, many years before, ordered an assassination attempt which had failed but had taken the life of Baybars' closest friend.
Historical Figures.
The following characters in the book were real historical figures:
The following historical figures are mentioned in the book or involved with the plot, but do not appear as characters themselves:
Publication history.
"Crusade" was first released in United States and the United Kingdom in August 2007. Below is the release details for the first edition hardback and paperback copies in these publication regions.
Reception.
The novel received a mostly positive reception from reviewers. In a positive review for on-line review site "My Shelf", John Washburn stated that Young was "careful to maintain historical accuracy while at the same time bringing her characters to life in a brilliant manner.". He claimed to be "mesmerized by the brutal emotion found in this book, much in the same way I was with the first book." and ended the review with "I am more than pleased, and I eagerly anticipate the third installment.". These sentiments were mirrored by A. Jurek, writing for "Curled Up", who stated that "the plot moves swiftly despite complexities and complications exploding on each page."; praising Young's "use of dramatic irony" and, of the characters, stated that "they are complex, human, and deeply flawed, driven as they are by their flaws to commit unspeakable betrayals and barbarities for the sake of ideals, hoping to achieve some good with their questionable acts.". In a mostly positive review for "Reviewing the Evidence", Christine Zibas stated that "For those who are particularly interested in this historical time frame, Crusade is sure to pique their interest; for the more general reader, it may require a bit more slogging through the first part of the story to get truly involved in the book's characters and action.".
Andre Delicata, writing for Malta's "The Times" was a little more critical of the novel, stating that the novel's problem is that "there is simply too much setting with meticulous descriptions where everything is dealt with in equal depth, resulting in a text with several climaxes and anti-climaxes but no real focus.", and that without this "modulation of detail" the reader is simply left with an "information overload". Delicata also comments that "if the spirit of an age is what you're after, then look no further than Crusade, which captures it voluminously and thoroughly satisfies those with a passion of detail verging on the obsessive.".

</doc>
<doc id="19160098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160098" title="National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947">
National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947

The National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 came into effect on 5 July 1948 and created the National Health Service in Scotland. Though the title 'National Health Service' implies one health service for the United Kingdom, in reality one NHS was created for England and Wales, accountable to the Secretary of State for Health and a separate NHS was created for Scotland, accountable to the Secretary of State for Scotland.
Many sections of the Act were repealed by the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1972 and the remaining provisions were repealed by the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19160106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160106" title="Mount Dana (disambiguation)">
Mount Dana (disambiguation)

Mount Dana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19160115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160115" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in the United Kingdom">
Sports broadcasting contracts in the United Kingdom

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in the United Kingdom. For a list of sports broadcasting rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.
Certain sporting events are protected by the Ofcom Code on Sports and Other Listed and Designated Events and must be broadcast live and free-to-air on terrestrial television in the UK.
Football.
Television.
"*** 2015–18: Live on BT Sport and highlights on ITV ***"
"*** 2014–18: Live on BBC and BT Sport ***"
"*** 2015–18: Live on BT Sport and highlights on ITV ***"
"*** 2015–18: Sky Sports 112 live matches per-season, plus live play-off matches and final ***"
Radio.
128 live Premier League commentaries per season (to 2016) PLUS commentaries from Championship, FA Cup (until 2018), League Cup, SPL, Scottish Cup, UEFA Champions League, International Qualifiers and friendlies
Commentary from 5 Live on Sportsworld on approximately 50 Premier League matches per season plus commentary on selected FA Cup matches and League Cup Final
Live commentaries on 64 Premier League matches per season (to 2016), Football League play-off finals and UEFA Champions League matches
Live commentaries on FA Community Shield, FA Cup and England friendly internationals (to 2018), League Cup matches (to 2015)
32 live Premier League commentaries per season (to 2016)
Local commentaries on Premier League, Championship, FA Cup and League Cup matches
Match reports and goal flashes from all Premier League matches for UK commercial radio network
Commentaries on local radio stations including Radio City, Signal Radio, Free Radio 80s, Swansea Sound, Wish FM, Tower FM and Peak FM
Live commentary from all Scottish Premiership matches
Goal flashes from Scottish Premiership and Scottish Championship matches
Commentary on Aberdeen F.C matches on Northsound 2
Commentary on Inverness Caledonian Thistle matches on Moray Firth Radio
Commentary on all Swansea City and Cardiff City matches; reports and commentary on Wrexham and Newport County matches
Reports and live commentary on Irish League, Irish Cup, Irish League Cup, Setanta Cup and Northern Ireland International matches.
Cricket.
Radio.
Test Match Special commentary on all England home Test, ODI and T20 matches until 2019
Commentaries on England overseas Tours and World Cup matches
Commentary on Pro40 and T20 county finals
Reports every 15 minutes on England Test, ODI and T20 matches
Commentary on all 2013 County matches on BBC Sport website. Selected matches on BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra and on BBC Local Radio. All Derbyshire matches on BBC Radio Derby 1116 AM and all Worcestershire matches on BBC Hereford and Worcester 738 AM.
Hourly reports from England home Test, ODI and T20 matches for UK commercial radio network
Rugby Union.
Television.
"*** 2014–2018 - 30 matches per season live on Sky Sports including semi-finals and final ***"
Radio.
Commentary on Six Nations, Aviva Premiership and Heineken Cup matches
Reports on Six Nations and Heineken Cup matches
Reports and commentary on Aviva Premiership matches
Commentary on British and Irish Lions 2013 tour to Australia. Tests also on Swansea Sound
Reports on Six Nations, Aviva Premiership and Heineken Cup matches for UK commercial radio network
Commentary on all Wales international matches
Commentary on British and Irish Lions tests on BBC Radio Cymru
Commentary on all Ulster Heineken Cup matches and Ireland Six Nations matches
Commentary on Scotland Six Nations matches
Tennis.
Radio.
Commentary on Wimbledon, US Open, French Open, Australian Open, ATP World Tour Finals, and ATP World Tour Masters 1000 Events (as of 2014)
Commentary on Wimbledon men's and women's singles finals
Reports on Wimbledon, US Open, French Open and Australian Open
Reports on Wimbledon for UK commercial radio network
Golf.
Radio.
Commentary on The Open Championship, U.S. Open, US Masters, PGA Championships and the Ryder Cup
Reports on The Open Championship, U.S. Open, US Masters, PGA Championships and the Ryder Cup
Reports on The Open Championship for UK commercial radio network
Motor Sport.
Radio.
All Formula One races live, qualifying sessions on BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra
Live commentary on British Moto GP
Boxing.
Radio.
Commentary on major fights involving British boxers
Athletics.
Television.
Radio.
Reports and commentary from IAAF World Championships, European Athletics Championships, IAAF Diamond League and UK Athletics major events 
Commentary on London Marathon and Great North Run.
Rugby League.
Television.
"*** 2017-21: 80 live games per season on Sky Sports ***"
"*** 2015-21: Live on Sky Sports ***"
Snooker.
Radio.
Reports on World Snooker Championships, UK Championship and Masters events
Reports on World Snooker Championships
Horse Racing.
Radio.
Commentary on all major races with full coverage of Cheltenham Festival, The Grand National and The Derby until 2016
5 Live commentary on The Grand National
Reports on major meetings including Cheltenham Festival, The Grand National and The Derby
Darts.
Radio.
Commentary on final of PDC World Darts Championship in 2014
Reports from PDC World Darts Championship
Cycling.
Radio.
Tour de France reports on Five Live; commentary on Sports Extra and BBC Sport website
Giro d'Italia: reports on Five Live; commentary on Sports Extra
American Football.
Radio.
Live commentary on 20 Sunday evening games including NFL International Series fixtures on Absolute Radio 90s in 2013<br>
Live commentary of Super Bowl on Absolute Radio in 2014
Gaelic Games.
Radio.
GAA reports and commentaries on Sunday Sportsound on 1341 AM
Baseball.
Radio.
Weekly Major League Baseball commentaries

</doc>
<doc id="19160127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160127" title="Mad as a hatter">
Mad as a hatter

"Mad as a hatter" is a colloquial phrase used in conversation to refer to a crazy person. In 18th and 19th century England mercury was used in the production of felt, which was used in the manufacturing of hats common of the time. People who worked in these hat factories were exposed daily to trace amounts of the metal, which accumulated within their bodies over time, causing some workers to develop dementia caused by mercury poisoning (called mad hatter syndrome). Thus, the phrase became popular as a way to refer to someone who was perceived as insane.
Etymology.
The origin of the saying may derive from;
19th-century hatters in Danbury, Connecticut, developed a condition known colloquially as the Danbury Shakes. The condition was characterized by slurred speech, tremors, stumbling, and, in extreme cases, hallucinations. 
Early uses.
In a section of the January–June 1829 issue of "Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine", headed Noctes Ambrocianæ. No. XL1V, there is a conversation between a group of fictional characters:
NORTH: Many years – I was Sultan of Bello for a long period, until dethroned by an act of the grossest injustice; but I intend to expose the traitorous conspirators to the indignation of an outraged world.<br>
TICKLER (aside to SHEPHERD.): He's raving.<br>
SHEPHERD (to TICKLER.): Dementit.<br>
ODOHERTY (to both.): Mad as a hatter. Hand me a segar.
Canadian author Thomas Chandler Haliburton used the phrase twice in his 1835 book "The clockmaker; or the sayings and doings of Samuel Slick of Slickville": "And with that he turned right round, and sat down to his map and never said another word, lookin' as mad as a hatter the whole blessed time" and "Father he larfed out like any thing; I thought he would never stop – and sister Sall got right up and walked out of the room, as mad as a hatter. Says she, Sam, I do believe you are a born fool, I vow."

</doc>
<doc id="19160133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160133" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in France">
Sports broadcasting contracts in France

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in France. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160136" title="Disgaea">
Disgaea

Common elements.
Gameplay.
Each "Disgaea" game consists of a number of missions that the player undertakes from a central hub. In the hub, the player can manage equipment and team members, heal their party, and other functions. When the player is prepared, they can then travel to the next available mission as well as replay any mission they have already completed. Missions are usually arranged in a number of chapters with cutscenes before and after to advance the plot.
Each mission requires the player to complete an objective, all missions can be completed by defeating all the enemy forces. The mission takes place on an isometric grid-based board with spaces at various heights. The player and the computer alternate turns. During the player's turn, they can summon members of their party from a starting point, up to ten. Each characters once on the board can move and then perform an action, including melee attacks and special abilities. Once a character has performed an action, they may no longer move that turn unless they attack before moving. The player can move as many characters as desired and plan their actions at a time, then issuing an "Execute" command to carry out those actions. If the player has characters that can still move and perform actions at this time, they can do so, otherwise, they will end their turn. The computer opponents then perform their actions. When the player successfully completes a mission, they are given bonus items based on their overall bonus score, which is earned through combo attacks, special attacks, and other features of the game.
The player can arrange to have allies next to each other to fight a foe with a chance to launch a combo attack, which can do more damage and boost the mission's scoring meter. Players can also have characters lift and throw other characters or objects on the level for various effects: for example, a character can throw another character to an empty space as to allow that second character to move farther than if on foot, or certain monsters called Prinnies can be thrown at others to cause explosive damage. It is possible for characters to pick up a character that is already carrying another character, and so forth, allowing for one character to move within a single turn to the far side of the map. However, any character that is still carrying another character at the end of the turn will take damage. While a character is holding others they can attack, when this is done each character adds to the damage.
Across some boards are glowing colored spaces which are either red, green, blue, yellow, purple, cyan, and special objects called "Geo Symbols" which are either null, red, green, blue, yellow, purple. When these are placed on a colored field, they impart a bonus or penalty to all battle participants on the same colored field; such bonuses can also stack if multiple Geo Symbols are on the same field. A character can destroy a Geo Symbol which will cause all the field spaces it affects to cause some damage to the characters on them as they turn to another color determined by the destroyed Geo Symbol. It is possible to arrange a chain of these effects, each chain increasing the amount of damaged earned and increasing the bonus score for the mission. As with characters, Geo Symbols can also be lifted and thrown as to affect the board's bonuses.
In addition to maintaining their party at the central hub, the player can create new characters to the party based on experience each character earned in battle, or, with enough experience, attempt to alter the features of the central hub, such as having better weapon or armor at the stores. This itself involves convincing the Dark Assembly to agree to such changes, and it is possible to initiate combat in the same manner as the missions to convince the creature to see otherwise. There is also an Item World gateway; here, the player can select any item in the party's inventory and enter it. The Item World for an item is randomly generated but depends on a number of factors based on the item itself such as its rarity or power. By descending through the Item World, each level similar to one of the main missions featuring a random map and a number of creatures as well as an exit portal to the next level, the player can improve the abilities of the item as well as free Guardians that live in the item. These Guardians impart certain benefits to the item, such as increased in attack or defense values, and once they are freed, they can be moved between items freely.
The game can be played through multiple times, as each game features multiple endings. However, each time, the player's party, with all characters, items, and abilities, are carried over. This New Game Plus allows the player to develop extremely powerful characters, approaching the maximum character level of 9999 and 186,000 combined levels in reincarnation through repeated playthroughs.
Setting.
All "Disgaea" games take place mostly in the "Netherworld", a parallel universe inhabited by demons where moral values are reversed from those of humans. Multiple Netherworlds exist, each with their own Overlord. Other areas include the human world, shown to possess a futuristic level of technology in "Hour of Darkness", and "Celestia", a heavenly realm inhabited by angels. Rather than being purely good or purely evil, inhabitants of the Netherworld and Celestia possess human-like qualities, but are swayed far more towards either moral extreme.
Recurring characters.
Most major characters from previous games make a cameo appearance, or lend their services to characters in later ones, due to the large number of different Netherworlds being magically connected. Characters from other Nippon Ichi games and series, such as ', "Marl Kingdom", ', "Phantom Brave" And 
"Soul Nomad" (as "Disgaea 3" EU DLC), have also appeared in "Disgaea" games.
Baal, the most powerful enemy in the "Disgaea" series, is a legendary overlord that appears as a recurring boss throughout the different games. Known as the Lord of Terror, he is a collection of evil souls that can transfer into other bodies when defeated. He often appears in a towering, monstrous form, though he is forced into more diminutive ones after being defeated.
The Prism Rangers are a troupe of gag characters heavily inspired by the protagonists of the Super Sentai/"Power Rangers" universes. Each of the members are named after the colors of the rainbow with the word Prism preceding it, with their leader being "Prism Red". The Prism Rangers tend to be portrayed as weak, having been taken down in one shot or being unable to do the slightest bit of damage to their opponent. 
Asagi is a character meant to be the main character in a development hell Nippon Ichi title, "Makai Wars". She constantly attempts to become the star of other games. She is voiced by different voice actresses in different games, each of whom also voices at least one other character in the respective game (Mamiko Noto in , Kana Ueda in ', Maria Yamamoto in "Soul Nomad", Chiwa Saitō in ', and Kaori Mizuhashi in "").
Prinnies.
Prinnies explode when thrown due to the human soul being unstable, and thus, a jostling, such as being tossed, will cause them to do as such. Prinnies are also mass-produced with demon souls, which leaves them stable. During a certain time of the year a red moon appears in the sky of the Underworld; when this happens, all the Prinnies meet together and Prinnies who have earned enough money are allowed to reincarnate.
Media.
Anime.
"Makai Senki Disgaea" is an anime series based on the video game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness. Makai Senki Disgaea follows the same general plot as the game, but with several alterations to character roles and the chronology of events.
Games.
The first two "Disgaea" installments were released for the PlayStation 2. The series debuted in Japan with ' in 2003 on the PlayStation 2 and has since been re-released on the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS with new content. It was known for many uncommon elements previously unseen in the strategy RPG genre, such as complex gameplay, extremely high maximum stats and a maximum level of 9999, and humorous dialogue. ', released for the PlayStation 2 in 2006 in Japan, has been re-released on the PlayStation Portable under the title ' with new content. The series then moved on to the PlayStation 3 for ', released in Japan in 2008, and was re-released on the PlayStation Vita as ' in 2012. The latest installment in the main series, ', was released in Japan in 2011.
Re-released "Disgaea" titles have the tradition of featuring an alternate story-line to freshen up gameplay. In the first two re-releases, Etna Mode in ' and Axel Mode in ', feature alternate story-lines with new main characters. 
Disgaea has also spawned several spin-off titles. The first such spin-off, "Mugen Keitai Disgaea" was released in 2004 as a Japanese mobile game. ' in 2005, released on the PlayStation 2, starred Lord Zetta as an overlord of an alternate Netherworld with gameplay similar to the original "Disgaea" series. The much-maligned Prinnies were then featured in the side-scrolling adventure game, ' in 2008 and ' in 2010, for the PlayStation Portable. The first Android-based game, ', was released in 2011 as a free-to-play game with optional paid-content available.
The PlayStation Portable title, "Disgaea Infinite", is a visual novel in the same setting as "", and the story-line of a Prinny being ordered to investigate the attempted assassination of Laharl. Gameplay is very simple compared to other "Disgaea" titles, with the primary interactive element being the ability to switch characters in order to solve a mystery.
Manga.
While not necessarily canon, a "Disgaea" manga, "Makai Senki Disgaea", illustrated by Arashi Shindo, follows the basic storyline. Many events in the manga, while similar, have been altered completely and the humor is more offbeat (i.e. Laharl, Etna, and Flonne believe that Mid Boss may be a pedophile due to his recurring presence among the three). Many characters also appear to have different personalities (i.e. on occasion, Lamington will be seen baking a cake). The art style is also very different as many of the characters appear somewhat more mature and the art is very shōjo-like. Broccoli Books released the manga in September 2006. "Makai Senki Disgaea 2" ran from 2006–07 in Japan, and "Makai Senki Disgaea 3: School of Devils" has been ongoing in Japan since 2009.
Merchandise.
Nippon Ichi Software's online store sells various merchandise such as several different Prinny plushies, and in Japan Nippon Ichi has released several pieces of Prinny merchandise and has used kigurumi of the characters to promote the release of "Prinny: Can I Really be the Hero?" in Akihabara. Additionally four Prinny avatars for the PlayStation 3's PlayStation Home were also released for sale, modeled after the different unique Prinnies in the original "Disgaea".
Novels.
A set of novels written by Sow Kanimiso and illustrated by Chou Niku (although they were aided by Takehito Harada in the beginning). These novels begin with a novelization of the first game and then continues the story ten years later. The novels introduce many new characters including Laharl's relatives, Flonne's family, and Gordon and Jennifer's daughter. While it is unknown if the novels are considered canon, it can fit alongside "Disgaea" and "Disgaea 2" in the canon due to the placement of the novel's plot ("Disgaea 2" takes place only three years after the game, whereas the "Disgaea" novels are placed ten years after the first game). Currently, there are six novels: "Enter the Maoh", "Revelation", "Returned", "On Love" part 1 and part 2, and "Battle of the Maoh" (which also feature appearances by Zetta, Pram, Salome, and King Drake from "Makai Kingdom"). Laharl, Etna, and Flonne also appear in all other Nippon Ichi novels. This includes the "Phantom Brave" and "Makai Kingdom" novels. Recently, a novel for "Disgaea 2" has been released.
Development.
The gameplay mechanic of throwing characters was developed as a "strong and unique" aspect of gameplay that would attract players. New gameplay ideas were added to each game until the "majority of staffers" were "not sure" whether they were necessary, hence its complexity.
Reception.
The "Disgaea" series has been received positively by reviewers, particularly praising the amount of content, solid battle system and humor while criticizing the large learning curve and dated graphics. The highest score was received by ' for PSP, at a score of 87% at Gamerankings and Metacritic. ' for PlayStation 3 received the lowest average score of the series, at around 80% at Gamerankings and Metacritic, with reviewers citing its dated PlayStation 2-quality graphics, despite praise for improved gameplay and story over its predecessors.
Prinnies have been described as one of the most notable characters in the "Disgaea" series, and the mascots of the series. In a preview of the upcoming game starring the character in , Chris Hudak asked "What better sign that you've warmed the cold hearts of videogamers worldwide than to have your own beloved, signature character?", additionally comparing in great detail the Prinny to fellow video game mascots Mario, Sonic the Hedgehog, and Dragon Quest's Slime. PSX Extreme described them as "one of the most recognizableand curiously lovablecharacters" in the "Disgaea" series. They are featured strongly in Nippon Ichi's marketing, such as the annual Tipsy Prinny press events. The third event, held in the Zebulon Bar San Francisco on June 5, 2008, featured green prinnies suspended from every banister and light fitting.

</doc>
<doc id="19160141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160141" title="Consegi declaration">
Consegi declaration

The Consegi declaration is a joint letter issued in September 2008 at a free and open technology convention, in which a number of government open source software representatives for the developing world (Brazil, South Africa, Venezuela, Ecuador, Cuba and Paraguay) state disappointment in the appeals by several of their ISO/IEC national bodies being dismissed by the ISO and IEC technical management boards in the Standardization of Office Open XML, and criticize the ISO/IEC for "inability to follow its own rules".
As a consequence of this, the signers assert that they will re-assess the credibility of ISO/IEC, and that they will no longer consider ISO standards to be automatically valid for government use.

</doc>
<doc id="19160143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160143" title="Staggered elections">
Staggered elections

In staggered elections, not all places in an elected body are up for election at the same time. The staggered election keeps some continuity in the elected body.
For example United States Senators have a 6-year term but they are not all elected at the same time. Rather, every two years elections are held for one third of US Senate seats. Elections to the Senates of several other countries, and to regional bodies, are similarly staggered. In the United Kingdom, some councils have staggerred elections, with councillors serving 4-year terms.
Staggered elections should not be confused with rolling election.

</doc>
<doc id="19160149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160149" title="Welsh Archaeological Trusts">
Welsh Archaeological Trusts

The Welsh Archaeological Trusts consists of four Welsh Archaeological Trust organisations established in the mid-1970s to respond to rescue archaeology together with providing a uniform local archaeology service across Wales.
The Trusts maintain Historic Environment Records for their respective areas to provide archaeological advice to central government, planning authorities and other public bodies. Cadw supports this heritage management together with associated archaeological projects and conservation of sites and historic landscapes.
The four trusts comprise:
On July 1, 2010, the four Welsh Trusts launched their online searchable HER website known as "Archwilio", at the Treftadaeth Conference in Swansea.
The site was launched by Alun Ffred Jones AM, Minister for Heritage, who observed "“Wales is the first country in Britain that has made all its archaeological records available online”, and “Archwilio will be a tremendous asset not only for the people of Wales but also for those further afield who have an interest in the rich archaeology and cultural heritage of our country”". The site contains the combined record of the four Trusts and gives the public free access to over 100,000 pieces of information about historic sites across Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19160152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160152" title="Mount Hood (disambiguation)">
Mount Hood (disambiguation)

Mount Hood may refer to:
One of three mountain summit in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19160154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160154" title="Clwyd-Powys Archaeological Trust">
Clwyd-Powys Archaeological Trust

The Clwyd-Powys Archaeological Trust is an Archaeological Trust organisation established in the mid-1970s as part of the Welsh Archaeological Trusts.
The Trust maintains Historic Environment Records for their area to provide archaeological advice to central government, planning authorities and other public bodies.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19160166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160166" title="Dyfed Archaeological Trust">
Dyfed Archaeological Trust

The Dyfed Archaeological Trust is one of the four Welsh Archaeological Trusts established in the mid-1970s with the charitable object 'to advance the education of the public in archaeology'. Its core area comprises Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire (the old county of Dyfed) in south-west Wales. 
The Trust provides archaeological and related advice to central government, local planning authorities and other public and private organisations. It maintains the regional Historic Environment Record. Data included in the Historic Environment Record are publicly available on a dedicated website, Archwilio. The Trust also undertakes a wide range of field- and office-based projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19160169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160169" title="Glamorgan-Gwent Archaeological Trust">
Glamorgan-Gwent Archaeological Trust

The Glamorgan-Gwent Archaeological Trust is an Archaeological Trust organisation established in 1975 as part of the Welsh Archaeological Trusts.
The Trust is a charitable company (Registered in Wales, No: 1276976; Registered Charity No. 505609)whose principal objective is to educate the public in archaeology which it achieves by such diverse means as are allowed in its Articles and Memorandum of Association.
It owns, maintains and continually enhances the Regional Historic Environment Record, which includes information on more than 25,000 known archaeological and historic sites and monuments and is a prime tool for education and research. 
The Trust provides an archaeological planning service jointly funded by the Unitary Authorities and Cadw, Currently more than 22,000 planning applications are checked each year for implications to the Historic Environment. Actions are advised to ensure that proper assessments are carried out and appropriate measures implemented to ensure that Historic Environment interests are protected. As a result of potential conflicts of interest this area of work is separately staffed and funded and governed by a Code of Conduct approved by Cadw.
The Trust also provides general advice through its Heritage Management Services to a variety of institutions and organisations including the Forestry Authority, CCW, Statutory Undertakers, the Environment Agency, National Trust, and the Church in Wales. The Trust is also a reporting station for the Portable Antiquities scheme.
The Trust through its Projects teams undertakes assessments, evaluations, surveys, watching-briefs, building recording and excavations in South Wales and elsewhere. It has had extensive involvement with many major developments in the area. In addition Projects staff carry out area wide monument assessment and historic landscape characterisation works with the intention of improving the information and evidence base to support enhanced protection of the historic environment.
The Trust has also contributed to developing research agendas through publication of its work. It promotes knowledge and learning about the past through publication, displays, leaflets, lectures and talks and seeks to involve the community of southeast Wales in its work.
The Trust is registered as an approved organisation with the Institute of Field Archaeologists (no 15) and requires all employees, whether corporate members of the Institute or not, to adhere to the Institute's Codes and Standards as a condition of employment.

</doc>
<doc id="19160171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160171" title="Pirate Cat Radio">
Pirate Cat Radio

Pirate Cat Radio (87.9 FM) was a low power community radio station that had been broadcasting since April 1996, in the San Francisco Bay Area. The station was one of several unlicensed radio stations operating in the San Francisco Bay Area.
The station founder, Daniel "Monkey Man" Roberts (who later legally changed his name to his on air persona, Monkey), started broadcasting Pirate Cat Radio out of his bedroom in Los Gatos, California (a suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area) at the age of 15.
Despite receiving hundreds of "Notices of Unlicensed Radio Operation" from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), the station has been able to stay on the air operating based on a clause in FCC regulations that allows a licensing exemption in times of war, according to its founder.
Pirate Cat Radio spawned a pirate television station from experiments with broadcasting television using the same transmitters used to broadcast radio. Unlicensed radio operators like Monkey also assist others interested in starting their own low power television or radio broadcasts in locating and setting up equipment.
Pirate Cat radio rebroadcast The Howard Stern Show in 2006 in its uncensored form from Sirius Satellite Radio in the Los Angeles area.
In March 2009, Anthony Bourdain brought his show "" to San Francisco and visited Pirate Cat Radio to try a drink invented by station founder Daniel "Monkey Man" Roberts: the Bacon Maple Latte. An account of his visit aired on the Travel Channel in early August 2009. That same month, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors recognized Pirate Cat Radio for the station's "...trailblazing efforts towards freeing the airwaves from corporate control, providing the community with training in radio broadcast skills, empowering voices ignored by traditional media outlets; and contributing to the advancement of the City's coffee culture through the unique creations of baristas of the Pirate Cat Radio Cafe...".
After years of only warnings from the FCC, in 2009 the FCC gave Pirate Cat Radio a $10,000 fine forcing the station off the air, thus causing it to become internet radio only. The fine was issued for broadcasting with out a formal license from the FCC. There have consequently been a number of fundraisers hosted by the volunteer-based and commercial-free radio station. Although the fine had taken Pirate Cat Radio off the air Monkey continued to voice the importance of a free public radio.
By May 2010, some of Pirate Cat Radio's programming was being simulcast on licensed station KPDO 89.3.

</doc>
<doc id="19160173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160173" title="Gwynedd Archaeological Trust">
Gwynedd Archaeological Trust

The Gwynedd Archaeological Trust is an Archaeological Trust organisation established in 1974 as part of the Welsh Archaeological Trusts.
The Trust maintains Historic Environment Records for their area to provide archaeological advice to central government, planning authorities and other public bodies. 
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19160176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160176" title="List of Deep Purple band members">
List of Deep Purple band members


</doc>
<doc id="19160182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160182" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Germany">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Germany

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Germany. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160200" title="List of tallest twin buildings and structures in the world">
List of tallest twin buildings and structures in the world

The term twin towers in architecture refers to two tall structures with nearly identical characteristics and similar height. The charts below lists most twin and other multi-column structures with similar characteristics. Buildings and structures shorter than are not included.
Twin buildings.
Completed/Topped-out buildings.
The following list includes only twin buildings that are continuously habitable.
Other twin non-habitable structures.
This list consists of nonbuilding structures. In other words, they are not continuously habitable. Masts and towers are considered structures.
Most strainers of HVDC Volgograd-Donbass are also twin structures. They consist of a single pole-type tower at which one conductor is fixed. Many power line crossings of rivers and straits like Elbe Crossing 2 consist of two similar identical large electricity pylons on both shores and can be therefore also considered as twin structures, although they are not close together.

</doc>
<doc id="19160203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160203" title="Ronnie Briggs">
Ronnie Briggs

William Ronald "Ronnie" Briggs (29 March 1943 – 28 August 2008) was a Northern Irish footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Manchester United, Swansea Town and Bristol Rovers in the 1960s.
Born in Belfast, Briggs was scouted by Manchester United at the age of 15, and signed professional forms with them on his 17th birthday. His first team debut came ten months later, in a First Division match away to Leicester City on 21 January 1961. However, his debut was a disaster; he conceded six goals as United lost 6–1. Briggs would go on to make a total of just 11 appearances for the club, the last coming in 1962, before he was sold to Swansea Town in 1964. A year later, he was signed by Bristol Rovers, where he stayed until 1968, when he moved to Frome Town, thus ending his League football career.
Briggs also collected two caps for Northern Ireland, making his debut in a 4–0 loss to Wales in April 1962. His only other appearance was a 2–1 win over the Netherlands in 1965.
After retiring from football, Briggs went to live in Stapleton, Bristol, and worked in insurance, construction and security until a diagnosis of inoperable lung cancer forced his retirement in March 2008. Briggs died at St. Peter's Hospice, Bristol, on 28 August 2008, and is survived by his wife, Ena, his three children, Julie, Stephen and Jane, seven grandchildren and one great-grandchild.

</doc>
<doc id="19160205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160205" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Israel">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Israel

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Israel. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160208" title="Christy Canavan">
Christy Canavan

Christy Canavan (born 1947 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player.
He joined Shamrock Rovers in 1966 making his debut on the 20 April and played in the European Cup Winners' Cup win over FC Schalke 04 in 1969. 
In July 1971 Canavan, along with Billy Dixon was placed on the transfer list by manager Billy Young.
He signed for Dundalk F.C. in August 1972.
Canavan is related through marriage to Richard Dunne.

</doc>
<doc id="19160209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160209" title="All-Japan">
All-Japan

The term is a name given to championships or governing bodies that is based in Japan, it may also refer to:
Motorsport.
Motorcycles.
All series are organized by MFJ (Motorcycle Federation of Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="19160210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160210" title="Mount Powell">
Mount Powell

Mount Powell may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19160215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160215" title="RExcel">
RExcel

RExcel is an addin for Microsoft Excel. It allows access to the statistics package R from within Excel.
The main features are:
RExcel works on Microsoft Windows (XP, Vista or 7) and with Excel 2003, 2007,
2010, and 2013, only in the 32-bit version. 
It uses the statconnDCOM (available from the same site as RExcel) server and for certain configurations additionally the rcom package (available from CRAN) to access R from within Excel.

</doc>
<doc id="19160226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160226" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Italy">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Italy

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Italy. For a list of broadcasting rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.
In Italy, due to the law 8/99, the following sport events must be broadcast for free:
However, due to their length, Olympics and Giro may be broadcast partially for free.
In addition, these events may be broadcast for free if required:

</doc>
<doc id="19160236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160236" title="Wild celery">
Wild celery

Wild celery is a common name for several plants
Wild celery may refer to
See also.
Indian celery

</doc>
<doc id="19160238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160238" title="Manlio Rho">
Manlio Rho

Manlio Rho (1901 – 1957) was a painter born in Como, Italy. He is considered one of the most important abstract artists in Italy.
Life and work.
In the late 1920s Manlio Rho was deeply involved in Como's engagement with the European abstract movement led by Wassily Kandinsky and Kazimir Malevich. Together with the architects Giuseppe Terragni, Alberto Sartoris and the painter Mario Radice, he created the "astrattisti comaschi", a group of artists that later included Aldo Galli, Carla Prina and Carla Badiali. This event is widely regarded by critics as a pivotal moment in the history of Italian art of the 20th century.
Having worked initially in a figurative manner, he began abstract works in the early 1930s, showing a consistent preference for colour and the harmony of shapes.
The art of Rho is marked by a balance between strict geometry, similar to the "cold" abstractism of Russian suprematism, and a warmth considered typically North Italian. His works comprise flat geometric shapes glowing with lukewarm colours in a palette of greens, browns and orange. 
In 1940 he signed the futurist manifesto "Futuristi Primordiali Antonio Sant'Elia".
Shows.
In 1935 he had his first important exhibition in the Milan art gallery "Il Milione". His works have been shown at nine separate Venice Biennale from 1940 to 1986, and in numerous exhibitions around the world. In 2007 some of his works were included in two large exhibitions held in Milan's Royal Palace: "Camera con vista" and "Kandinskji and Italian Abstract Art". 
Rho's works can be found in the permanent collections of many modern art museums, including Milan, Trento and Rovereto, Trieste and Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19160240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160240" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Japan">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Japan

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Japan. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.
Boxing.
Akira Yaegashi fights (Ohashi Promotions) have been aired live on TV Tokyo, TBS,　NTV, and Fuji TV. The Katsunari Takayama fight in his third tenure was aired on TBS. Others are:

</doc>
<doc id="19160244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160244" title="Esteghlal F.C. statistics and records">
Esteghlal F.C. statistics and records

This page details Esteghlal Football Club records.
Rankings.
The club is currently ranked 160 in the world by IFFHS.
Top Ten Asian's clubs of the 20th Century.
Esteghlal was placed 3rd in IFFHS continental Clubs of the 20th Century:

</doc>
<doc id="19160246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160246" title="Lillian &amp; Albert Small Jewish Museum">
Lillian &amp; Albert Small Jewish Museum

The Lillian & Albert Small Jewish Museum, also known as the Adas Israel Synagogue, is located at 701 Third Street Northwest Washington, D.C., in the Judiciary Square neighborhood.
It is the oldest surviving synagogue building in the District. It was erected in 1876 by the Adas Israel Congregation. The museum is operated by the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington. The museum's executive director is Laura Apelbaum. 
The museum building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the D.C. Inventory of Historic Sites, and Historic American Buildings Survey. It is among the oldest synagogue buildings still standing in the United States. 
It is also an official project of the Save America's Treasures program.
History.
Ulysses S. Grant attended the synagogue's dedication on June 9, 1876 — the first Jewish service attended by a sitting U.S. president. The congregation moved to a new building in 1908.
Originally located at 6th and G Streets Northwest, Washington, D.C., the building was moved to its current location three blocks away in 1969. 
It is slated for a second move so that the property can be redeveloped for a mixed-use project. Its new permanent home will be at Third and F Streets NW, slightly closer to the building's original location. The new move will allow the synagogue to face east, the standard orientation in Jewish tradition.
After years of planning and fundraising, the congregation completed and dedicated its first synagogue building just in time for the nation’s Centennial celebration—providing a strong and symbolic presence for Jewish immigrants on that historic occasion. The synagogue stood at the corner of 6th and G Streets, NW, in the heart of the city’s residential and commercial center, where many of the congregants lived and worked.
An influx of immigrants from Eastern Europe and Russia swelled the congregation’s numbers. The congregation continued to worship in the original synagogue until 1908, when a new building at Sixth and I Streets, NW, was dedicated. The original building was sold to Stephen Gatti, an Italian fruit dealer and real estate investor who lived a block away. In the 1910s, Saint Sophia’s Greek Orthodox Church worshiped in the second-floor sanctuary. A succession of churches followed in the 1920s to 1940s.
During the course of the next 60 years, the former synagogue’s first floor was divided into retail spaces and housed a bicycle shop, barber, Joseph Funger’s grocery store, Anthony Litteri’s delicatessen, and other businesses.
In the 1960s, plans for the construction of Metro headquarters threatened the building with demolition. With the support of federal and city agencies, the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington saved the building and moved it three city blocks to its current location at Third and G Streets, NW. On September 1, 1969, President Richard Nixon signed a law authorizing the District to purchase the building and lease it to the Society for historic preservation purposes—at $1 a year for 99 years.
The historic synagogue building has been restored by the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington and is now home to the Lillian & Albert Small Jewish Museum. Washington’s oldest surviving synagogue building, it’s listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the D.C. Inventory of Historic Sites, and the Historic American Buildings Survey. It is among the oldest synagogue buildings still standing in the United States. It is also an official project of the Save America’s Treasures program.
Today the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington hosts building tours, walking tours, lectures, student field trips, weddings, and bar and bat mitzvahs in the historic sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="19160253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160253" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Montenegro">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Montenegro

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Montenegro. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.
Winter Sports.
Both men and women :Eurosport

</doc>
<doc id="19160272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160272" title="Mount Warren (disambiguation)">
Mount Warren (disambiguation)

Mount Warren may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19160275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160275" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in the Netherlands">
Sports broadcasting contracts in the Netherlands

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in the Netherlands. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160283" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The K-2 event is raced by two-man canoe sprint kayaks. Heats and final took place on August 12.
Heats.
The 16 teams first raced in two heats. The top four teams in each heat advanced directly to the final.
No times were recorded in the second heat according to the official Olympic report.
Final.
Blahó and Urányi were disqualified for "hanging" in the wake of another kayak.

</doc>
<doc id="19160290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160290" title="Ingmarlo">
Ingmarlo

Ingmarlo (born February 9, 1971 as Ingmar Hansch) is a music composer and producer from Ibiza, best known in his collaboration for the song "More Than Ever People" of the band "Leviation". He started working in the game music industry for companies like "Bomico", "Sunflowers" and "Demon Ware". In 1994 he became the engineer and in house producer for "Logic Records", the "Snap" created record label, in Frankfurt.
In 1997 he came to the music scene of Ibiza where he started the record label "Open Mind Music" with partners. After a couple of successful years, Ingmarlo sold his parts of the company and founded his own label "Movin Sounds Ibiza". Ingmarlo has been very productive and released music, collaborating with artists, like "Paco Fernadnez", "Cathy Battistessa", "Rhonda Bellamy", "Muriel Fowler", Mocci", "Anneli K" and many more.
Together with the "Foundation For the Future", a Center for Cultural Interchange (CCI) non-profit organisation, he created "Greenheart Music" in 1992 on Ibiza. This label supports the "green" movement on the island of Ibiza, where 40% of the proceeds from the CD sales are destined for specific local ecological projects.
Over the years there were a lot of releases which made him a known producer from Ibiza.
Discography.
1993 Out There (12", EP) 23 Frankfurt
1994 Brainwarp (12") Wide Area Network Recordings
1995 High Head (12") Wide Area Network Recordings
1995 Cosmos Under Water (CD) Liquid Sound (2), BMG 
1995 Fuera (12") Mindstar 
1995 Levitation (CD, Album) Open Mind Music, N.E.W.S. 
1996 The Strong Survive (CD, Album) Tresor, Logic Records 
1998 Souvenir (CD, Album) Who Do You Love, Mercury 
1998 Who Do You Love (CD, Single) Manifesto 
2000 Café Del Mar - Volumen Siete (CD) Riva Manifesto 
2000 Contigo (12") Kontor Records 
2001 : Sound Odyssey (2xCD, Promo) 
2001 More Than Ever People Universal Music (Germany) Universal Music 
2001 More Than Ever People (2x12") Peppermint Jam Mousse T. 
2002 Las Salinas 2002 (2xCD, Comp, Mixed) Years Passing By Globe (2) 
2003 Kumharas - Lounge Ibiza (CD, Comp, P/Mixed,Dig)Letting Go House D'arret 
2003 Kumharas Vol. 2 Urd One (Pocket Sun Mi... Ultra Vista Records 
2004 Macao Cafe - Balearic Lounge Collection Vol. 4 Letting Go EtnicaNet 
2004 Namaste Celebration (CD, Enh, Dig) Letting Go Blue Flame Records 
2005 Ich Liebe Dich Vol. 1 (CD) Conmigo Paper Chase 
2005 Pinacolada 3 (2xCD) More Than Ever People Universal Music Polska, STX Records (2) 
2007 Premium Vibes Vol. 01 (2xCD, Comp, Mixed) Conmigo Premium Vibes 
2007 Tokyo Lounge Vol. 03 (2xCD) Stardust Into Man High Note Records 
Sunchild
Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (CD) Angels Landing (José ... Universal Music (Russia) 
1998 Angels Landing (CD, Maxi) Angels Landing (José ... FFRR, FFRR 
1998 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (CD) Angels Landing (José ... Manifesto 
1998 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (2xLP) Angels Landing (Jose P... Manifesto 
1998 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (CD) Angels Landing (Jose P... DanceNet 
1998 Café Del Mar Volume 5 (CD) Angels Landing (Jose P... MCA Records 
1998 The Ibiza Chill Out (Cass) Angels Landing (Jose P... Muzik Magazine 
2001 The Classic Chillout Album 2 (2xCD, Comp) Angels Landing (Jose P... Sony Music TV, Columbia 
2002 Club´n´Chill (2xCD) Angels Landing (José ... Warner Strategic Marketing GmbH (WSM) 
2002 Open Space - The Classic Chillout Album 2 (2xCD) Angels Landing (Jose P... Columbia 
2003 Chill Out (2xCD) Angels Landing (Jose P... Warner Strategic Marketing GmbH (WSM) 
Co-production:
1998 Souvenir (CD, Album) Who Do You Love, Bossa... Mercury
Tracks Appear On.
1997 Mom II - Music For Our Mother Ocean (CD) Giver Man Interscope Records 
Unofficial Releases:
Li-Lo (Collected Salt Tank Ambient Trax) (CDr)
'"Real XS"
Appears On:
2004 Namaste Celebration (CD, Enh, Dig) Bangala Blue Flame Records 
2003 Beachlife 2: Salinas Sessions (2xCD) Letting Go INCredible 
2003 Kumharas - Lounge Ibiza (CD, Comp, P/Mixed, Dig) Letting Go House D'arret 
2003 Kumharas Vol. 2 (CD, Comp, P/Mixed, Dig) Urd One (Pocket Sun Mix) Ultra Vista Records 
2004 Macao Café Vol. 4 (CD) Letting Go (Silent Voi... Solstice Music International 
2004 Macao Cafe - Balearic Lounge Collection Vol. 4 (CD, Comp, Dig) Letting Go (Silent Voi... EtnicaNet 
2004 Namaste Celebration (CD, Enh, Dig) Letting Go, Bangala Blue Flame Records 
2005 Frankfurt/FFM Lounge 02 (2xCD) Letting Go Best Boy Music & Entertainment 
2005 Ibiza Global Radio - Island Grooves (2xCD) 
2005 Letting Go (2005 Mix) House Park 
'"Ocean Deep"
Production:
2005 Frankfurt/FFM Lounge 02 (2xCD) Stardust Into Man Best Boy Music & Entertainment 
2006 La Nuit (2xCD) Listen Up Ministry Of Sound (Germany) br />
2007 Tokyo Lounge Vol. 03 (2xCD) Stardust Into Man, Sta... High Note Records 
'"Taotic Dreams"
Tracks Appear On:
1996 Ibiza Waves - Dreaming Deejays (CD, Comp) Sundancer Open Mind Music, N.E.W.S. 
'"Comox Meditator"
Releases:
1995 Fuera (12") Mindstar 
Tracks Appear On:
1996 Ibiza Waves - Dreaming Deejays (CD, Comp) Fuera Open Mind Music, N.E.W.S. 
'"Orange 8"
Releases:
1993 Out There (12", EP) 23 Frankfurt 
'"Colecat"
Tracks Appear On:
2002 Cafe Ibiza Vol. 6 (2xCD) Day Of A Fool Globe (2) 
'"Leviation"
Releases:
1995 Levitation (CD, Album) Open Mind Music, N.E.W.S. 
2001 More Than Ever People (2x12") Peppermint Jam 
2001 More Than Ever People (The Club Mixes) (2x12", W/Lbl, Promo) Peppermint Jam 
Remixes:
1998 Who Do You Love (CD, Maxi) Who Do You Love (Levit... Manifesto 
1998 Who Do You Love (12", Promo) Who Do You Love (Levit... Manifesto 
1998 Who Do You Love (CD1) (CD, Maxi) Who Do You Love? (Levi... Manifesto 
Production:
1999 Café Del Mar - Volume Six (CD) Oh Home Mercury 
Appears On:
2000 Café Ibiza Vol. 3: Best Of Balearic Ambient & Chill Out Music (2xCD, Comp, P/Mixed) More Than Ever People Globe
Tracks Appear On:
Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (CD) More Than Ever People Universal Music (Russia) 
Zona Oasi.3 (2xCD, Mixed, Dig) Years Passing By Serial Killer Vinyl 
1992 Independent 20 Volume 15 (2xLP + 7", Ltd) World Around Beechwood Music 
1996 Ibiza Waves - Dreaming Deejays (CD, Comp) Out Of Time (Remix) Open Mind Music, N.E.W.S. 
1997 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cuatro (CD) Out Of Time Manifesto 
1997 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cuatro (2xLP) Out Of Time Manifesto 
1997 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cuatro (CD) Out Of Time DanceNet 
1998 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (CD) More Than Ever People Manifesto 
1998 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (2xLP) More Than Ever People Manifesto 
1998 Café Del Mar - Volumen Cinco (CD) More Than Ever People DanceNet 
1998 Café Del Mar Volume 5 (CD) More Than Ever People MCA Records 
1999 Café Del Mar - Volume Six (CD) Oh Home Mercury 
1999 Café Del Mar - Volumen Seis (CD) Oh Home Manifesto 
1999 Café Del Mar - Volumen Seis (3x12") Oh Home Manifesto 
1999 Café Del Mar - Volumen Seis (CD) Oh Home Manifesto 
1999 Undiscovered Ibiza Volume 1 (CD) Only You Undiscovered 
2000 Café Ibiza Vol. 3: Best Of Balearic Ambient & Chill Out Music (2xCD, Comp, P/Mixed) Oh Home, More Than Eve... Globe (2) 
2000 Lebensart Music.One (CD) More Than Ever People Edel Records (Germany) 
2001 : Sound Odyssey (2xCD, Promo) More Than Ever People Universal Music (Germany) 
2001 2Chill (2xCD) More Than Ever People ... BMG 2001
2001 Barfly III (CD, Comp, Mixed, Dig) More Than Ever People George V Records 
2001 Destination Germany (CD) More Than Ever People ... Peppermint Jam 
Cathy Battistessa
2001 In The Mix Vol. 1 (2xCD, Comp, Mixed) More Than Ever People ... Clubstar 
2001 Lebensart Music.One (CD, Album, Dig) More Than Ever People Edel Records (Germany) 
2001 Mosquito Bar: Chill Out Sessions (2xCD) More Than Ever People BMG Ariola Belgium NV/SA 
2001 Pacha - The World's Most Famous Club Sound (2xCD, Mixed) More Than Ever People ... Urban 
2001 Pikes Vol. 1 (CD) More Than Ever People ... Peppermint Jam 
2001 Viva La Vita By Martini (2xCD, Album) More Than Ever People Tempo Music 
2002 Big Love (CD) More Than Ever People ... H&G Records 
2002 Chill House - Love 2002 (CD) More Than Ever People DJ Beat Records 
2002 House Club Hottest 001 (CD, Comp, Mixed) More Than Ever People ... FFM Dance Department 
2002 Luxury House For A Lovely Weekend In Paris (CD) More Than Ever People ... Luxury House 
2002 Malkasten Vol. IV (2xCD) Higher State, More Tha... Universal Marketing Group GmbH 
2002 Malkasten Vol. IV (CD, Mini, Mixed, Promo) More Than Ever People ... Universal Marketing Group GmbH
2002 Nachtflug Vol.1 (2xCD, Mixed, Comp) More Than Ever People Complete 
2002 Promo Only Underground Club: January (CD, Comp, Promo) More Than Ever People ... Promo Only Productions (US)
2002 Sa Trincha: Volume 2 (2xCD) More Than Ever People Polystar Records 
2002 Tropicalism (CD) More Than Ever (Sounds... Razor & Tie 
2003 20 Years Airport Anniversary - The Club Classics (2xCD) More Than Ever People ... Airport Records 
2003 Amnesia Ibiza - Primera Sesion Chill Out (CD) Only You Cassagrande 
2003 Café Ibiza - Vol. 7 (2xCD, Comp, Mixed) Flying Globe (2) 
2003 Chill Out (2xCD) Out Of Time Warner Strategic Marketing GmbH (WSM) 
2004 Cafe Ibiza Vol. 8 (2xCD) Out Of Time Globe (2) 
2005 Ambient Lounge 7 (2xCD) More Than Ever People ... Globe (2) 
2005 Pinacolada 3 (2xCD) More Than Ever People Universal Music Polska, STX Records (2) 
José Padilla (musician)José Padilla feat. Angela John "Who Do You Love"
Tracklisting:
Who Do You Love (Radio Edit) (3:10)
Who Do You Love (Chicane Edit) (6:20)

</doc>
<doc id="19160295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160295" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Romania">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Romania

This page refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Romania. For a list of broadcasting rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160299" title="Risk Information Exchange">
Risk Information Exchange

The Risk Information Exchange (RiskIE) is a free Internet database tracking in-progress and recently completed chemical risk assessments and toxicity evaluations. RiskIE was created in 2007 by Toxicology Excellence for Risk Assessment (TERA) to stimulate the free-flow of information between independent organizations. By identifying groups working on a chemical or issue of interest, stakeholders (e.g., states, provinces, tribes, industry, public interest groups, or federal agency stakeholders) are able to provide input on assessments that are underway and/or develop collaborations with document authors. The networking created by this system decreases duplication of effort and encourages data sharing and collaboration— resulting in higher quality assessment documents.
By allowing for user input of projects, RiskIE updated the risk data collection model to become the first chemical risk database truly open for global participation. Under the European Union's new chemical regulation Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH), chemical manufacturers will be required to provide toxicological an exposure data for any product entering the EU. As a global tracking system, RiskIE enables manufacturers and risk scientists to keep abreast of current chemical evaluations, identify opportunities for collaborations, and decide how to efficiently proceed with chemical registration.
Whereas risk databases have historically managed the risk data of a single country/organization (with some exceptions, e.g., Risk Assessment Information System (RAIS), International Toxicity Estimates for Risk ("ITER"), Toxipedia), RiskIE offers a centralized database open to all.
RiskIE is a resource of the Alliance for Risk Assessment (ARA), serving to bridge the communication gap among government, industry, academic, and environmental stakeholders.
References.
1. http://www.tera.org 
2. Wullenweber, A., Kroner, O., Kohrman, M., Maier, A., Dourson, M., Rak, A., Wexler, P., Tomljanovic, C. (2008) Resources for global risk assessment: The International Toxicity Estimates for Risk (ITER) and Risk Information Exchange (RiskIE) databases, Toxicol. Appl. Pharmacol. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi=B6WXH-4SWN0KF-7&_user=10&_rdoc=1&_fmt=&_orig=search&_sort=d&view=c&_version=1&_urlVersion=0&_userid=10&md5=1738c783515877e545716f4955315cc6
3. http://allianceforrisk.org
4. http://allianceforrisk.org/RiskIE/RiskIE_FAQ.htm
5. Risk Related Databases and other Resources from the US National Library of Medicine (NLM). Wexler P*; National Library of Medicina. 2nd World Congress on Risk. Guadalajara, Mexico. http://birenheide.com/sra/2008AM/program/singlesession.php3?sessid=W4-C
6. Collaboration and Communication of Global Risk Assessment Information. Wullenweber A, Kroner O, Patterson J*, Wexler P, Rak A, Tomljanovic C; Toxicology Excellence for Risk Assessment; National Library of Medicine; Noblis, Inc.; Concurrent Technologies Corporation. 2nd World Congress on Risk. Guadalajara, Mexico. http://birenheide.com/sra/2008AM/program/singlesession.php3?sessid=W4-C

</doc>
<doc id="19160303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160303" title="Slobodan Šiljak">
Slobodan Šiljak

Slobodan Šiljak (1881 in Pljevlja – December 5, 1943 in Pljevlja) was a Montenegrin priest in the Serbian Orthodox Church who was sainted by the church in 2005.
Šiljak studied theology in Prizren. He served as a military chaplain in the Balkan Wars. Šiljak was executed by a local Yugoslav Partisan unit during World War II on December 5, 1943 as an "enemy of the people". He was proclaimed a saint by the Serbian Orthodox Church in May 2005 in Bosnia and Herzegovina's Žitomislić Monastery despite protests by groups from Pljevlja that he was a war criminal. Milosava Strunjaš has come forward claiming that Šiljak was responsible for the death of her father Rajko Cerović.

</doc>
<doc id="19160313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160313" title="Elachista argentella">
Elachista argentella

Elachista argentella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in all of Europe, except the Balkan Peninsula.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Agrostis", "Avenula pratensis", "Avenula pubescens", "Brachypodium pinnatum", "Brachypodium sylvaticum", "Bromus erectus", "Bromus sterilis", "Calamagrostis epigejos", "Dactylis glomerata", "Deschampsia cespitosa", "Elymus hispidus", "Elymus repens", "Festuca ovina", "Festuca rubra", "Festuca trachyphylla", "Festuca valesiaca", "Holcus lanatus", "Holcus mollis", "Koeleria glauca", "Koeleria grandis", "Koeleria macrantha", "Leymus arenarius", "Phalaris arundinacea", "Phleum" and "Poa pratensis". They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a narrow corridor in which the larva hibernates. In March, it vacates the mine and moves to a new leaf where it creates a transparent, full depth mine that descends from the leaf tip, and occupies the entire width of the blade. Most frass is deposited in the oldest upper part of the mine. The larva may again vacate the mine and restart elsewhere. Pupation takes place outside of the mine. Larvae can be found from late summer to early May. They are grey green with a pale brown head.

</doc>
