<doc id="19173750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173750" title="Booch and the Boom Yezzurs">
Booch and the Boom Yezzurs

Booch and the Boom Yezzurs, usually referred to as Boom!, is a Filipino indie rock/pop band composed of Butch Ramiro on vocals, Mark Perez on lead guitar, Pam Laxamana on rhythm guitar, Gino Vergel de Dios on bass guitar, Ian Drilon on drums, Francis de Guzman on tambourine, Victor Anastacio on twin lead and Marco Tanjutco on bass synth They describe their sound as versatile, varying their songs from power ballads to indie rock. They recently released their album, Zing!, which went gold last June 24, 2008. They are under an independent record label and they financed their distribution with the help of Pitpit Music.
History.
Formation and beginning(2006–2008).
Ramiro, Perez, Vergel de Dios and Drilon, all college seniors who have been very good friends since High School, decided to form their band during their sophomore year at Ateneo de Manila University.Upon formation, they jammed and practiced in Vergel de Dios' house. When they realized they needed to add more members in order to sound more complete, they added Tanjutco, Laxamana, Anastacio and de Guzman, all friends of the initial band members. They got Chingkee Lim who was very experienced in the music industry, as their manager. In an interview with the Philippine Daily Inquirer, Vergel de Dios stated that they only wanted to be a studio band first since they weren't very good with instruments (only Vergel de Dios and Perez were well-versed in their respective instruments). But with the addition of Tanjutco, Laxamana, Anastacio and de Guzman, they realized that with more practice, they can actually make waves in the music industry. They won the Ateneo de Manila University Battle of the Bands on June 28, 2007 and this is where they got discovered by Agapito Manansala, owner of Pitpit Music Philippines, an independent label. Pitpit then signed them to a distribution deal. They were crowd favorites because of their stage antics, chemistry and creative cover songs. Their favorite bands include Parokya ni Edgar, Phantom Planet, Giniling Festival, Hanson, Tonight We Sleep, Aegis and Backstreet Boys
Zing! (2008-Present).
Their debut album, "Zing!" (which was coined by their good friend, Mikko "General of Men" Mendoza) very surprisingly took Gold in its initial release here in the Philippines. Though, it was not flawlessly produced and well-distributed, die-hard fans of the band were very supportive and so were the ones who got to know them through their gigs at Mag:net High Street and Kublai's Katipunan, prominent Gig places in Metro Manila. Their album was not received very warmly by critics because of its penchant for playfulness and its covers of mainstream songs. Raimund Marasigan, singer of Sandwich, commented that "though they have the potential to garner the success of Parokya ni Edgar with their silly antics and generally funny overtones, they must come to terms with what their genre really is" Their song, "Katipunan", a cover of Phantom Planet's California, is their best hit so far as it captured the hearts of the graduates of the schools along Katipunan Avenue in Quezon City. Also, their medley of "Quit Playing Games (With My Heart)", "MMMBop", and "I'll Be There for You" by, respectively, the Backstreet Boys, Hanson and The Moffatts, is also another crowd favorite.

</doc>
<doc id="19173789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173789" title="Melford International Terminal">
Melford International Terminal

Melford International Terminal is a proposed marine terminal to be built in the community of Middle Melford, Nova Scotia.
If constructed, Melford Terminal would be the closest deep-water terminal in mainland North America to Europe and the Suez Canal.
As of September 2010, construction has not yet begun, however, the developer Melford Terminal International Inc. has proposed that Phase I of the project could become operational in 2013 should economic conditions allow for construction to begin in fall 2010.
Location.
Located approximately south of the town of Mulgrave, the facility would be located on the western shore of the Strait of Canso partly on public and private property.
Components.
The Melford International Terminal proposal includes the following components:
Timeline.
The project was conceived in 2005 when west coast North American container terminals were struggling to clear a massive backlog of freight shipments, largely imports from Asia. The announced conversion of the Fairview Terminal at the Prince Rupert Port Authority is believed to have been the impetus for creating a similar facility in northeastern Nova Scotia.
A search for suitable geography within proximity of existing rail lines highlighted a property known as the "Melford Industrial Reserve" - Crown land in Middle Melford owned by the Government of Nova Scotia which was set aside by its Crown corporation Industrial Estates Limited for industrial development in the 1960s after the Canso Causeway was constructed. In determining the feasibility of extending rail service to the location, it was noted that an abandoned rail corridor connected the nearby town of Mulgrave, which would lessen construction and right of way purchasing costs.
During the facility's design phase, it was noted that a critical part of the area immediately onshore where infilling and pier construction would take place, was privately owned. This resulted in the Municipality of the District of Guysborough forcing the expropriation of private home owners who had lived in the community for generations.
The project received environmental assessment approval by the Government of Nova Scotia and the Government of Canada in October 2008, at the height of the U.S. financial system's liquidity crisis. Project partners had originally included a major U.S. terminal operator SSA Marine, as well as various shipping lines and financing companies. Following the onset of the global recession and dramatic drop in international shipping, SSA Marine and many other international partners gave up their stake in Melford International Terminal and the project was dormant for much of 2008-2010.
On July 7, 2010, Maher Terminals announced that they had taken an unspecified stake in the Melford Terminal project. Maher Terminals is the designated operator of the Prince Rupert Container Terminal in Prince Rupert, British Columbia on behalf of the Prince Rupert Port Authority. Maher is also the designated operator of the Elizabeth ExpressRail facility in Port Elizabeth, New Jersey on behalf of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The current timeline released by the proponents states that Phase I of the Melford Terminal will be operational in late 2014 or early 2015 with construction beginning in summer 2012. 
Proponents of the Melford facility note the economic development that would benefit economically depressed Guysborough County and the town of Mulgrave.
Following the 2005 announcement of the Melford International Terminal, a group of marine infrastructure owners in Sydney, Nova Scotia have developed a competing proposal to dredge Sydney Harbour at an estimated cost of $40 million to accommodate deep draft container ships and build a 2-3 berth container terminal at the Sydport Industrial Park, the former navy base in Point Edward at a cost of $150 million. This proposal would not require construction of a rail line as the location is already served by the Cape Breton and Central Nova Scotia Railway. Prime Minister Stephen Harper visited Sydney in December 2010 where he announced the Government of Canada would contribute $20 million to the Sydney project, on top of a $15 million contribution from the Government of Nova Scotia and $2 million from the municipality and Nova Scotia Power.Sydney Harbour dredging to get federal funds A contract was signed in April 2011 with Netherlands engineering firm Boskalis for the dredging work in Sydney Harbour to take place in fall 2011.Contract signed for dredging for Sydney harbour
Shipping industry observers also note that the publicly owned Port of Halifax is a long-established deepwater port with two container terminals located southwest of the proposed Melford Terminal and Halifax already has existing CN rail connections to the rest of North America while operating at below 50% capacity. Furthermore, the Port of Halifax has been expanding the piers at both the South End Halifax Container Terminal and the Fairview Cove Container Terminal to accommodate larger ships.
Other opponents include private property owners whose land was expropriated as well as environmentalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19173792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173792" title="Genesius, Count of Clermont">
Genesius, Count of Clermont

Genesius, Count of Clermont (died 725) was a noble of Gaul and reputed miracle worker. 
According to the lessons of the Breviary of the Chapter of Camaleria ("Acta Sanctorum" June, I, 497), he was of noble birth; his father's name is given as Audastrius, and his mother's is Tranquilla. Even in his youth he is said to have wrought miracles—to have given sight to the blind and cured the lame. 
He built and richly endowed several churches and religious houses. He was a friend of St. Bonitus, Bishop of Clermont, and of St. Meneleus, Abbot of Menat. He was buried at Combronde by St. Savinian, successor of Meneleus.
He is a Catholic saint, feast day 5 June.

</doc>
<doc id="19173816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173816" title="Jean-Baptiste-Henri de Valincour">
Jean-Baptiste-Henri de Valincour

Jean-Baptiste Henri de Trousset, lord of Valincour or Valincourt (1 March 1653, Paris - 4 January 1730) was a French admiral and man of letters. He was a friend of chancellor d'Aguesseau, Racine (who he replaced at Académie française and as official historiographer to Louis XIV) and Boileau (Valincour was the dedicatee of Boileau's eleventh satire, "On true and false honour", and also completed the publication of Boileau's works in 1713).
Biography.
As a protégé of Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet, he entered the court of Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon, comte de Toulouse and became secretary of the fleet then secretary to the prince's commands. He was also made an honorary member of the Académie des sciences in 1721.

</doc>
<doc id="19173819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173819" title="Jane Pemberton Small">
Jane Pemberton Small

Jane Small ("c." 1518–1602) was a daughter of Christopher Pemberton, a Northamptonshire gentleman. She is well known as the subject of a portrait miniature by the famous 16th-century German artist Hans Holbein the Younger, painted about 1540. Holbein was known as a painter of the English court where his paintings included those of King Henry VIII and several of his wives
Life.
Jane Pemberton married Nicholas Small, a London cloth merchant, probably in about 1540. It is around this time that the Holbein portrait was commissioned. Nicholas Small died in the winter of 1565/66, and Jane remarried within the year, to Nicholas Parkinson. Her new husband went on to be Master of the Clothworkers' Company in 1578/79. Parkinson died in the winter of 1581/82. At this time Jane was living in Paddington, in the rectory, a house big enough to have been let to Sir John Popham, the attorney general, in the 1580s. Jane also held a lease on 'The Hand', a property on Thames Street, alongside the River Thames in London. Jane died in May 1602. In later life she lived with her daughters, and preferred to be addressed as Jane Small. She died whilst staying with her granddaughter in Warwickshire, but her burial place is unknown.
Family.
Jane Small had six children by Nicholas Small. After her second husband died intestate, her eldest son, Matthew Small, inherited, but only after a court hearing before the Star Chamber. A younger daughter, Elizabeth, married Jasper More of Shropshire. Jane's granddaughter, Katherine More, was at the centre of a bizarre incident that occurred between her and her husband Samuel More from about 1616 to 1620. During this time her husband accused Katherine of having engaged in adultery with a longtime lover and giving birth to four children by him. Numerous court cases culminated in 1620 with Samuel More placing the four children with Pilgrims on the Mayflower just prior to its sailing for America. Soon after the Mayflower's arrival in America, three of the four children died. Only Katherine’s son Richard More survived.
The Holbein Portrait.
Jane Small's historical significance derives from a fine portrait miniature by Hans Holbein the Younger. She has been identified as the subject from the coat of arms painted on a separate piece of vellum at the back of the miniature, that of Robert Pemberton of Lancashire and of Rushden, Northamptonshire, who died in 1594. The arms are dated 1566 but were painted in the 17th century. Scholars at first supposed that the sitter was Margaret Throckmorton (d. 1576), Robert Pemberton's wife, who had connections with the royal court. More recently, Jane Small has been established as the sitter.
The simplicity of the sitter's dress reflects her relatively modest status; most of the Englishwomen Holbein painted were attached to the court. The inscription records the sitter as in her 23rd year, but the date of the painting is not known for certain. It has been suggested that the portrait may have been commissioned to mark her engagement. She is shown wearing a carnation, which may symbolise her betrothal, and holding a leaf or sprig. Holbein's portrait, with its rich blue background, crisp outlines, and absence of shading, follows the conventions of the genre. Such miniatures were worn like a jewel.
In his last years, Holbein raised the art of the portrait miniature to its first peak of brilliance. His large pictures had always contained a miniature-like precision. He applied this skill to the smaller form, somehow retaining his monumentality of effect. His miniature portrait of Jane Small is considered a masterpiece of the genre. In the view of art historian Graham Reynolds: 

</doc>
<doc id="19173824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173824" title="Giovanni di Agostino">
Giovanni di Agostino

Giovanni di Agostino (c. 1310–c. 1370) was an Italian sculptor in Siena in a gothic art style. Most of his work was sculptural commissions of the newly built Gothic Siena Cathedral. He sculpted a monument to Bishop Guido Tarlati in 1330. He also rendered a relief entitled "Madonna and Child with Saints Catherine and John the Baptist" between 1340 and 1348. 

</doc>
<doc id="19173825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173825" title="Wolfgang Pree">
Wolfgang Pree

Wolfgang Pree (* 27 June 1964 in Linz, Austria) is a computer scientist and professor at the University of Salzburg, Austria.
Education and academic work.
Wolfgang Pree is a Professor of Computer Science at the Univ. Salzburg, Austria since 2002. He studied computer science at the Johannes Kepler University of Linz, was a Visiting Assistant Professor at Washington University in St. Louis (1992–93), a guest scientist at Siemens AG Munich (1994–95), a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Konstanz, Germany (1996–2001), and spent sabbaticals at the University of California, Berkeley and the University of California, San Diego. His research focuses on software construction, in particular methods and tools for automating the development of real-time embedded software and for component-based embedded software systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19173830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173830" title="Bethesda Christian School (Brownsburg, Indiana)">
Bethesda Christian School (Brownsburg, Indiana)

Bethesda Christian Schools is a private Christian school in Brownsburg, Indiana, U.S.A. Bethesda is accredited through the state of Indiana and the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) for grades K through 12. BCS also has an academic preschool program for ages 3 and 4. The school is affiliated with Bethesda Baptist Church, also located in Brownsburg.
Mission Statement.
Bethesda Christian School exists to provide excellent academic instruction that is consistent with Biblical truth and which honors the name of Christ.
School Verse.
"Love the Lord you God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength." Mark 12:30
Elementary.
Elementary includes grades Kindergarten through fifth grade. Preschool for ages three and four is also available. There are half day and full day options for both Preschool and Kindergarten. The purpose is: "Reaching hearts, teaching minds."
Middle School.
In the Middle School (grades 6-8) class sizes are smaller, which allow for teachers to know families and students well. The reading program, Foundations and Frameworks, emphasizes the written word and focuses on comprehension skills.
High school.
The High School offers Core 40 and Honors diploma. AP courses such as Biology, Calculus and Chemistry are offered.
Seniors attend a leadership camp in August. On their senior trip, students have the opportunity to participate in mission work in Jamaica.
Athletics.
Bethesda Christian joined the Indiana High School Athletic Association (IHSAA) in 2002.
Publications.
Patriot Yearbook.
Originally called Crimson Pride, the Patriot yearbook has been produced annually since 1974. The publications class is completely responsible for this student annual. The current publisher is Herff Jones. The adviser is Ben Biddle.
Begun in 2007 as an after school newspaper club, The Bugle has grown to become a regular student publication. In the spirit of convergent journalism, The Bugle maintains a digital presence. Hard copies are distributed through news-stand boxes located at the main entrances to the building.
Statement of Non-Discrimination.
Bethesda Christian School admits student of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded, or made available, to students at the school. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin in administration of our educational policies, athletic, and other school-administered programs, nor in the hiring of faculty or administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19173844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173844" title="Philips baronets">
Philips baronets

The Philips Baronetcy, of Weston, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 21 February 1828 for George Philips. Philips was the son of wealthy Manchester cotton manufacturer Thomas Philips (d. 1811). In Parliament he sat as a Whig and represented Steyning 1818-1820, Wootton Basset 1820-30 and Warwickshire South 1832-35.
He was succeeded by his son. The second Baronet represented three constituencies: Steyning 1820-32, Kidderminster 1835-37 and Poole 1839-1852. He served as High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1859. He married the daughter of the 2nd Earl of Camperdown but had no male issue and the baronetcy was extinct on his demise.
The family seat was at Weston House, Long Compton, Shipston on Stour which the first Baronet purchased for £75000 in 1819. The house was demolished in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19173858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173858" title="Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-man canoe sprint kayaks. Heat and semifinals took place on July 28.
Heats.
The 20 competitors first raced in three heats. The top three finishers in each heat moved directly to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19173862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173862" title="Hooray! Hooray! (Caribbean Night Fever)">
Hooray! Hooray! (Caribbean Night Fever)

"Hooray! Hooray! (Caribbean Night Fever)" is a Double A-side Boney M. single from 1999 with a new remix of their 1979 hit "Hooray! Hooray! It's a Holi-Holiday" and a Megamix of their hits "Brown Girl in the Ring", "Hooray! Hooray! It's a Holi-Holiday" and "No Woman No Cry", all taken from their remix album "20th Century Hits", released at the same time. The single fared poorly, peaking at just #79 in the German charts and #80 in the Swiss charts. After producer Frank Farian had dropped the idea of launching an all-new Boney M. line-up with young people, he announced that original lead singer Liz Mitchell and her Boney M. line-up would promote the album before dropping this idea again. Consequently, the accompanying video featured a cartoon movie of the original group. The 12" single featured "Tropical" and "Carnival" mixes, both unavailable on CD.
Releases.
CD
12" Single
"Caribbean Night Fever – Megamix" (Extended Version) – 5:26 / "Hooray! Hooray! It's a Holi-Holiday" (Extended Version) – 4:26 / "Caribbean Tropical Mix" – 6:02 / "Caribbean Carnival Mix" – 6:02

</doc>
<doc id="19173864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173864" title="QCC">
QCC

QCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19173867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173867" title="Samuel Lodge">
Samuel Lodge

The Rev. Samuel Lodge (11 February 1829 – 5 September 1897) was the author of "Scrivelsby, the Home of the Champions" He was a headmaster of Horncastle Grammar School, Lincolnshire, rector for 30 years of Scrivelsby in Lincolnshire, and a Canon of Lincoln Cathedral.
Life and works.
Samuel Lodge was born at Barking, Essex, a son of the Rev. Oliver Lodge (1764-1845) (latterly rector of Elsworth, Cambridgeshire), and was educated at Huntingdon Grammar School and Lincoln College, Oxford. 
Ordained in 1852, Samuel Lodge was Classical master of Louth Grammar School from 1851 to 1854, and subsequently curate of High Toynton, Lincolnshire, and Headmaster of Horncastle Grammar School. He became rector of Scrivelsby-cum-Dalderby, near Horncastle, in 1867 and was Rural Dean of Horncastle from 1868, in addition becoming Canon Prebendary of Stoke in Lincoln Cathedral from 1879 to 1896.
Lodge published his book, "Scrivelsby, the Home of the Champions," in 1893. The Manor of Scrivelsby is a manor held by grand serjeanty, a form of tenure that requires the performance of a service rather than a money payment - in this case as the Queen's (or King’s) Champions; members of the Dymoke family have held this office since the fourteenth century.
Family.
Lodge married Mary Brettingham (1824-1916) of Diss, Norfolk in 1852. They had eleven children, including George Edward Lodge (1860-1954), the ornithological artist. Their daughter Nora Margaret married Ernest Myers (1844-1921), the poet, Classicist & author.
Samuel Lodge died at Scrivelsby on 5 September 1897 aged 68 and was buried at St Benedict’s churchyard, Horncastle.

</doc>
<doc id="19173888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173888" title="Sporting Clube de Macau">
Sporting Clube de Macau

SPORTING CLUBE DE MACAU - 士砵亭 was founded in 1926 and is the 25th branch of Sporting Clube de Portugal.
The Club is commemorating its 85th Anniversary in 2011.
Among its past Presidents, there were athletes such as António Conceição, the first Macanese athlete to become Portuguese National Champion of 5x80 meters velocity relay races in 1928 and 1930.
He would return to Macau in the late 1930s and would be Macau team coach and in 1951 become President of Sporting Clube de Macau.
In this position, he would send Augusto Rocha and Joaquim Pacheco to his beloved Sporting, where they would be selected for the Portuguese national team.
In the 1960s Eduardo Atraca played for Sporting Clube de Macau and in the 1980s he would become the President of the Club. Sporting became champion of Macau.
In the 1990s it was the turn of Fernando Lopes to be President of Sporting Clube de Macau leading the team to become champion of Macau.
in 2009 Sporting was once more reactivated and counts with more than 100 members. The President since 2009 has been António Conceição Júnior.

</doc>
<doc id="19173897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173897" title="Moses Mabhida">
Moses Mabhida

Moses Mncane Mabhida (11 October 1923 – March 1986) was a South African politician. Mabhida was leader of the South African Communist Party from 1978 until his death in 1986.
Biography.
Mabhida was born to Stimela and a Phakathi woman as the fourth of five children in peasant family which was later forced off the land. Mabhida was drawn to trade unionism by the late Harry Gwala, then an ardent unionist and member of the South African Communist Party. Mabhida, too, joined the Communist Party in 1942. After many unionists were banned in 1952-1953, his colleagues in the newly revived underground party urged Mabhida to undertake full-time union work. In the next decade, he organised scores of workers in Natal. He was a central participant in the development of the South African Congress of Trade Unions (SACTU) and was elected a vice-president at its first congress in 1955. He also served as secretary of the ANC's Pietermaritzburg branch in the mid-1950s, and had a close working relationship with Chief Albert Luthuli. Mabhida became a member of the ANC's National Executive Committee (NEC) around 1956, and in 1958-1959 was acting chair of the Natal ANC.
A week after the declaration of the 1960 state of emergency, Mabhida was sent abroad by SACTU to represent the organisation internationally. For the next three years he organised international solidarity activities in Prague with the World Federation of Trade Unions, and with the developing African trade union federations. In 1963, following his re-election to the NEC at the ANC's Lobatse conference in October 1962, he was asked by Oliver Tambo to devote himself to the development of the ANC's armed wing, Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK). Mabhida then underwent military training; as MK commissar he became the chief political instructor of new military recruits, and later served as the commander of MK. Mabhida's repeated re-election to the NEC, his appointment to the Revolutionary Council on its creation in 1969, and later to the Politico-Military Council which replaced it, reflected his popularity among ANC members.
After Morogoro in 1969, he was instrumental in setting up the ANC's department of Intelligence and Security. He was elected General Secretary of the Communist Party in November 1979, replacing Moses Kotane who had died the previous year. In the 1980s, Mabhida continued his work with political and logistical planning for MK, based at various times in Lesotho, Mozambique and Swaziland. In 1985, while on a mission to Havana, Mabhida suffered a stroke, and after a year of illness, died of a heart attack in Maputo and was buried there in March 1986.
Legacy.
The Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19173899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173899" title="Teabo Municipality">
Teabo Municipality

The Municipality of Teabo () is one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatán in Mexico. Its municipal seat is located in the town of Teabo. 
The Municipality of Teabo shares a boundary on the north with Mayapán-humayel, on the south with Tekax, on the east with Cantamayec-Tixméhuac and the west with Maní-Akil. It is home to indigenous Mayan people who continue to follow cultural traditions kept for hundreds of years.
Vestiges of an important Mayan cemetery can be found in Teabo. Also, Teabo had two sacred buildings: 
The Parish and Ex-convent of San Pedro y San Pablo built in the 17th century and the Indian's Chapel that shows the date of 1617.
Communities.
The municipality is made up of 20 communities the most important are:
Nearby cities.
The distances from the municipal seat to nearby cities are as follows:
History.
Regarding the foundation of Teabo and the municipality of the same name, the exact dates are not known. During pre-Hispanic times it belonged to the chieftainship of Tutul Xiú. After its conquest it remained under the control of various Spaniards, first recorded in 1753. The evolution of the population begins in 1821, when Yucatán declared its independence of the Spanish crown. In 1876, Teabo acquired the title of "Villa," or village. By means of published Decree #144, Teabo changed status from village to town.
Celebrations, Dances and Traditions.
Traditions and Customs.
For the Festival of the Saints, families build altars in their houses and food is offered to the deceased; typically consisting of traditional Mucbil chicken, accompanied by a cornflour drink, and chocolate beaten with water. Regional celebrations always include a dance called jarana, and large competitions are held by participants.
Typical clothing.
By custom, the women use simple Huipiles, with embroidery that emphasizes the squared cut of the neck and the edge of the dress, is placed on Fustán that is an average subject curly bottom to the waist with earthen jar of the same fabric; they wear sandals, and to protect themselves from the sun, they cover themselves with rebozo. 
The farmers, mainly the older ones, dress in comfortable trousers, crude blanket, t-shirt buttoned in the front, mandil (apron) made of cotí and a straw hat. For "vaquerías," or celebrations, the women dress formally, wearing ornate Ternos, made with fine fabric, embroidery and cross-stitched designs, generally by hand. The Ternos are complemented with long gold chains, earrings, and bracelets, as well as rosaries made of coral. 
The men dress in white trousers and wear guayaberas, embroidered shirts with front, waist level pockets (affluent men change the plastic buttons for a gold set of buttons), canvas shoes and hats of jipijapa. During festivals, traditional red handkerchiefs are tied around the neck, indispensable when dancing jaranas.
Crafts.
The preparation of typical clothes, the embroidering by hand or to machine, urdido of hammocks with cotton threads and talabartería.
Gastronomy.
Foods.
They prepare with mass of corn meat of pig, chicken and deer accompanied with sharp sauces with chili peppers Havanan and max. The main ones are: kidney bean with pig, chaya with egg, stew of hen, stuffed cheese, salbutes, panuchos, venison pipian, papadzules, longaniza, cochinita pibil, joroches, mucbil chicken, pimes and tamales.
Candies.
One makes yucca with honey, pumpkin melada, sweet potato with the Coco, cocoyol in syrup, pumpkin nugget marzipan, marshmallow, round maize loaves, tejocotes in syrup and candy of ciricote.
Drinks.
The traditional drinks are xtabentun, balché, drunk of anise, pozole with the Coco, tiger nut milk, cornflour drink of new maize and refreshments of fruits of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19173931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173931" title="Wedding Cake House (Kennebunk, Maine)">
Wedding Cake House (Kennebunk, Maine)

Called the "most photographed house in the state" of Maine, the Wedding Cake House, known formally as the George W. Bourne House, is a historic house located at 104 Summer Street in Kennebunk, Maine. The home was built in 1825 by shipbuilder George W. Bourne (1801–1856), who later built a frame barn which he connected to the main house with a carriage house. In 1852, the barn caught fire and the carriage house was demolished to keep the fire from spreading to the house. Bourne, who during a European tour had been impressed by the Gothic beauty of the cathedral at Milan, rebuilt the carriage house and barn in what later came to be known as Carpenter Gothic style. Using hand tools, he crafted five buttresses with pinnacles on top of each. Then in order to tie the new structures in with the existing house, he added six buttresses with pinnacles to the house and then joined them together with intricate woodwork. His only help in doing this was Thomas Durrell, an apprentice ship's carpenter. Bourne spent the rest of his life adding to these embellishments. It has been said of Bourne: "The highly skilled carpenter knew no limits to his skill."
Name.
The "Wedding Cake" name was applied to the house due to its wedding cake-like appearance. Legend developed that the busy Bourne, a sea captain, had done the carpentry work to atone for not having taken his bride, Jane, on a proper honeymoon. This was not the case.
Restoration.
In 1983, the home was purchased from the last descendant of George Bourne to live there by Mary Burnett and her daughter Anne. The women completely restored the mansion, completing the work in 1984.
In the fall of 2005, the home was opened to the public for the first time by current owner Jimmy Barker as a fund-raiser for Hurricane Katrina relief.

</doc>
<doc id="19173940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173940" title="2003 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2003 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

Lleyton Hewitt was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Roger Federer won in the final 6–3, 6–0, 6–4 against Andre Agassi.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
<ol start=5>
<li> Andre Agassi "(Final)
<li> Rainer Schüttler "(Semifinals)
<li> Carlos Moyá "(Round Robin)
<li> David Nalbandian "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Blue Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19173950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173950" title="2003 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles">
2003 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan won in the final 6–7(6–8), 6–3, 3–6, 7–6(7–3), 6–4 against Michaël Llodra and Fabrice Santoro.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
<ol start="5">
<li> Wayne Arthurs / Paul Hanley "(Round Robin)
<li> Michaël Llodra / Fabrice Santoro "(Final)
<li> Martin Damm / Cyril Suk "(Round Robin)
<li> Gastón Etlis / Martín Rodríguez "(Semifinals)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Blue Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19173956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173956" title="Leucocyte common antigen">
Leucocyte common antigen

Leucocyte common antigen family is a group of high molecular weight glycoproteins uniquely expressed on the surface of all leukocytes and their hemopoietic progenitor cells. 
Members of this family differ by their protein sequence and carbohydrate structure. Each leukocyte population expresses LCA in a particular pattern. Thymocytes express the lowest molecular weight form, B lymphocytes express the highest molecular weight form. T lymphocytes express a variety of intermediate forms. All in all, LCA are a major constituent of lymphocyte membranes, occupying up to 10% of their surface.
CD45, also known as the leukocyte common antigen (LCA), is a transmembrane protein-tyrosine phosphatase (PTPase) that has been implicated in activating, differentiating and the development of the immune system.

</doc>
<doc id="19173984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19173984" title="Meteorological history of Hurricane Gustav">
Meteorological history of Hurricane Gustav

The meteorological history of Hurricane Gustav spanned eleven days, from August 25 to September 4, 2008. The tropical disturbance which eventually spawned Hurricane Gustav gathered on August 16, southwest of the Cape Verde islands, but was slow to develop as it trekked west across the Atlantic. Upon reaching the warm waters of Caribbean Sea it began to organize and became a tropical depression on August 25. It quickly strengthened to a tropical storm, and then a hurricane, before making landfall on Haiti's southwest peninsula. Gustav was severely disrupted by Hispaniola's mountains and stalled, disorganized, in the Gulf of Gonâve between August 26 and 27.
Deep convection reformed the storm's center southwest of Haiti, near Jamaica's east coast. Under the influence of a mid-level ridge that extended from the Gulf of Mexico to the western Atlantic Ocean, Gustav picked up a westward motion. It was briefly disrupted by Jamaica as it passed over the mountainous island but rapidly strengthened when it moved over open water once again. Reaching Category 4 strength less than 24-hours after having been a tropical storm, Gustav brushed the Isle of Youth and made landfall on Cuba's western's peninsula.
Disrupted by mountains once again, Gustav never regained its former strength. Briefly traveling over a warm eddy of the Gulf Stream's loop current it encountered moderate wind shear and cooling sea surface temperatures. Fluctuations in its internal structure and visible appearance did not counter the storm's general weakening trend, and Hurricane Gustav made its final landfall as a Category 2 hurricane near Cocodrie, Louisiana on September 1. Moving inland, the storm quickly weakened but persisted as a significant tropical depression until it was adsorbed by a frontal boundary on September 5.
Formation.
On August 18, 2008, a tropical wave which had left the coast of Africa five days previously, developed into a significant low pressure area about west-southwest of the Cape Verde islands. This wave moved westward across the Atlantic in conditions that were not favorable for development. As it began to approach the windward islands conditions improved and it showed some signs of organization, but no circulation. Upon reaching the windward islands on August 23, bringing showers, thunderstorms, and generally squally weather, wind shear over the system decreased and atmospheric conditions improved. Over the eastern Caribbean Sea, about south of Santo Domingo, a low level circulation began to form. Hours later well-defined curved bands and an improving circulation at the surface warranted that the system be designated a tropical depression.
The depression formed a small inner wind core in diameter which allowed it to rapidly organize, and on the afternoon of August 25 it was upgraded to a tropical storm and first given the name "Gustav". A renewed period of disorganization proved to be very short lived, and that night a well-defined eye formed. This eye was accompanied by strengthening as the storm continued to move northwest towards Haiti. Before reaching the island, Gustav's strengthening pattern raised it to hurricane strength. Its prominent and organizing central dense overcast belied persistent strengthening which continued until Hurricane Gustav made landfall on Haiti's southwest peninsula about west of Jacmel around 1730 UTC on August 26, with winds of and a minimum central pressure of 981 mbar (28.97 inHg).
Interaction with Haiti and Jamaica.
After making landfall near Jacmel, Hurricane Gustav began traversing northwestward across the mountainous terrain of southwestern Haiti, dumping heavy rains as it passed. With favorable atmospheric conditions the storm maintained its hurricane intensity for several hours after landfall, but the high mountains over which it was traveling disrupted its lower level circulation. The eye because ragged and clouded over as Gustav weakened to a tropical storm. A large mid- to upper-level anticyclone over the Florida Straight slowed Gustav's movement, holding it over the northern coast of Haiti's southern peninsula. Rainfall from the storm, which had been heavy since its landfall, began to accumulate as the storm's movement stalled. Although the storm's upper levels began experiencing moderate shear, and although parts of its circulation were still interacting with the mountains of southwestern Haiti, enough of Gustav's convection was over the Gulf of Gonâve that on the morning of August 27 its organization started to improve. That afternoon, as a broad ridge extended from the Gulf of Mexico into the western Atlantic Ocean, Tropical Storm Gustav began to slowly pull to the west, away from the island of Hispaniola. Increased shear weakened the storm as the building ridge to the north of Gustav imparted a southerly component to the storm's motion.
Northeasterly shear inhibited convection in the northeast quadrant, breaking up the storm's existing center. The storm's center reformed to the south, east of Jamaica, around a flare of deep convection. This new center was a little stronger than its previous one, and Gustav began moving southwest toward Jamaica. With its southerly reformation Gustav had moved itself away from the mountains of Haiti and over the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea. Finding itself in a much more advantageous environment, Gustav restrengthened to . Continuing west under influence of the same mid-level ridge that had dominated its steering thus far, Gustav approached Jamaica and its outer bands delivered heavy rains. Unwavering in its westward motion, Gustav made landfall on Jamaica's eastern tip on August 28 at 1800 UTC at just below hurricane strength. It then moved across Jamaica, with its center on the southern coast, and its convection dragging across the island's mountainous center. Fifteen hours after making landfall, Gustav's center moved off the island's west coast and back over the Caribbean Sea. Unlike its Haitian landfall, Gustav's interaction with Jamaica did not disturb its structure. As it left the island on the morning of August 29, the storm's diameter increased substantially and prominent banding features developed. Its low-level center reorganized over the open water and with little wind shear a strengthening pattern emerged which quickly returned Gustav to hurricane status that afternoon.
Western Caribbean Sea.
Having cleared the disruptive landmass of Jamaica, Hurricane Gustav entered a period of sustained intensification. Within hours of leaving the island the storm regained hurricane status and the first signs of an eye appeared. Convective bands and upper-level outflow became well defined in all quadrants, wind shear decreased, and deep warm waters of the Caribbean Sean provided the perfect conditions for strengthening. The subtropical ridge over the eastern Gulf of Mexico developed a weakness, and as Gustav approached the Cayman Islands it was into this weakness that Gustav was drawn. As Hurricane Gustav tore through the low-lying Cayman Islands its wide eye became very well pronounced. In the early morning hours of August 30, and Gustav continued to pass through the Cayman Islands, the storm's winds increased to , raising Hurricane Gustav to Category 2 strength.
Through the morning Hurricane Gustav continued to rapidly strengthen. Deep convection around the eye flared intensely and the hurricane's minimum central pressure dropped precipitously—24 mbar (0.71 inHg) in 24 hours. By 1000 UTC it had reached Category 3 strength and continued to strengthen. Another drop in pressure–down 11 mbar (0.32 inHg) in 6 hours to 954 mbar (28.17 inHg)–was quickly followed by an increase in wind speed to , making Hurricane Gustav a Category 4 hurricane when it had been a mere tropical storm only 24 hours earlier. That afternoon, as Hurricane Gustav continued moving northwest towards Cuba, its western eyewall passed directly over the Isle of Youth.
Passing along the eastern coast of the Isle of Youth, Gustav wobbled slightly, possibly the result of an eyewall replacement cycle, and strengthened even further. Here, even as it brushed the island, Hurricane Gustav continued to strengthen, making a brief landfall with a central pressure of 943 mbar (27.85 inHg) and winds of . Its long-term motion continued to be dominated by a mid-level ridge over the western Atlantic, and that evening, with a central pressure of 941 mbar (27.79 inHg), the hurricane made landfall in western mainland Cuba near los Palacios at just under Category 5 intensity, bringing its winds onshore. At a height of , a gust was recorded, which the World Meteorological Organization confirmed to be strongest ever measured during a hurricane.
Gulf of Mexico.
The low mountains of western Cuba disrupted Hurricane Gustav's low-level circulation. Although it crosses the island in only a few hours, the brief interaction caused the storm's eye to partially cloud-over and its wind speeds fell to as it entered that southeastern Gulf of Mexico that night. Through that night and into the morning of August 31 it continued moving northwestward across the gulf, its winds weakening to as the damage from its interaction with Cuba continued to take its toll. That morning the eye, which was expanding as the storm weakened, completely clouded over. Some mid- to upper-level dry air was drawn into the cyclone and a trough to the south added a slight vertical shear, but these interferences were short lived. Under the continued influence of the ridge over the western Atlantic and southeastern United States Hurricane Gustav accelerated into the central gulf. Here the storm tracked over a warm eddy in the loop current, but the high oceanic heat content failed to induce strengthening. Deep convection continued to be asymmetric and the eyewall opened to the southeast as wind speed continued to fall into Category 2 status. However by the afternoon of August 31 the hurricane's ragged appearance began to improve. The eye returned properly and its minimum central pressure fell even as its outer bands came ashore on the northern Gulf Coast. Its asymmetric appearance improved and its wind radius expanded, but by that night Gustav had moved off the eddy of the loop current and over slightly cooler water. It could not restrengthen here, despite its more impressive presentation.
In the pre-dawn hours of September 1, while from the gulf coast, the hurricane's wind field expanded and tropical storm force winds extended from its center. Dry air intrusion from the south broke up the hurricane's eye, completely dissolving the eyewall as heavy rain bands came ashore in the state of Louisiana. As the eye approached the Louisiana coast, the storm weakened to 105 mph. Making landfall near Cocodrie, Louisiana at 1430 UTC the eye briefly reformed but was not associated with any strengthening.
Dissipation.
After landfall the hurricane continued moving northwestward at . The mid-level ridge over the southeastern United States which had dominated Gustav's steering for the last few days drifted northward, pulling the hurricane with it. Moving further inland Hurricane Gustav continued to weaken while delivering torrential rains to the central gulf coast of the United States. The eye that had cleared during landfall filled in that afternoon and was replaced by a central dense overcast. That night, 12 hours after landfall, Gustav weakened to a tropical storm with winds of .
Slipping below tropical storm strength the following morning, Gustav's previously firm steering currents began to erode and its forward motion slowed. As the storm crept through northwest Louisiana on September 2, its heavy rainfall began to accumulate in the region. As the storm continued northwestward though the intersection of Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma and into Arkansas proper, its forward motion slowed considerably and it dumped isolated rainfall accumulations in excess of . Through the morning of September 3, Tropical Depression Gustav briefly drifted north-northeastward under very weak steering currents, but stalled completely over southwestern Arkansas that afternoon and spread heavy rain into the mid-Mississippi Valley. By the evening, steering currents returned and Gustav picked up speed to the northeast at . Moving even more rapidly Gustav left the Mississippi Valley and headed towards the Ohio Valley.
The next morning, as it passed through Missouri, Gustav began to gain extratropical characteristics as it merged with a frontal boundary. The extratropical transition was completed on the afternoon of September 4 as Gustav's remnant low was moving over St. Louis, Missouri. Although no longer a tropical system, the remnants of Gustav continued to bring wind and rain to the northern United States. That evening, still traveling northeastward, the remnants dropped of rain on Illinois and its widespread remnant low produced trace rainfall stretching from Iowa to Indiana. By nightfall on September 4 the remnants had reached southwest Michigan, where they dumped rain until the next morning, with accumulations as high as . The storm's circulation remained intact through Wisconsin where it dropped almost of rainfall. Some of Gustav's more northerly remnants even drifted into Minnesota where they dropped small amounts of rain. On September 5, the storm's extratropical remnants were absorbed by a larger extratropical low moving through the Great Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19174010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174010" title="2011 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival">
2011 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival

The 2011 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival was held in Trabzon, Turkey, between 23 and 29 July 2011.
Sports.
There were nine sports at the 2011 Festival, two branches, table tennis and water polo, less than compared with the 2007 Youth Olympic Festival's programme. Medals were awarded in a total of 109 events.
Venues.
For the 2011 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival's eight events except cycling, eleven sports venues were needed in and around Trabzon. Existing sport halls were renovated and new arenas were built for this purpose with a total investment cost mounting up to TL 350 million (approx. US$ 210 million), inclusive the construction of additional accommodation facilities at a cost of TL 90 million (approx. US$ 54 million) for the Olympic Village within the campus of the Black Sea Technical University. The noteworty new structures are Hayri Gür Arena, Söğütlü Athletics Stadium, Mehmet Akif Ersoy Indoor Swimming Pool and Beşirli Tennis Courts. Cycling events were held on the Trabzon-Rize section of the Black Sea Coastal Highway.
Nations.
Incomplete list:

</doc>
<doc id="19174020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174020" title="Communauté de communes des Trois Pays">
Communauté de communes des Trois Pays

The communauté de communes des Trois Pays was created on December 27, 1996 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
It comprises the following 15 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19174022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174022" title="James Harrison (priest)">
James Harrison (priest)

James Harrison (b. in the Diocese of Lichfield, England, date unknown; executed at York, 22 March 1602) was an English Roman Catholic priest. He is a Catholic martyr.
Life.
He studied at the English College at Reims, and was ordained there in September, 1583. In the following year he went on the English mission, where he worked unobtrusively. 
In the early part of 1602 he was ministering to Catholics in Yorkshire and was resident in the house of a gentleman of the name of Anthony Battie (or Bates). While there, he was arrested by the pursuivants, together with Battie was tried at York and sentenced to death for high treason. The charge against Harrison was that he performed the functions of a Catholic priest, and that against Battie was that he had entertained Harrison. 
The judge left York without fixing the date of execution, but Harrison was informed on the evening of 21 March that he was to die the next morning. With Battie, he was hanged, drawn, and quartered. The English Franciscans at Douai had his head as a relic for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="19174024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174024" title="Hardouin de Péréfixe de Beaumont">
Hardouin de Péréfixe de Beaumont

Paul Philippe Hardouin de Beaumont de Péréfixe (1606 – 1 January 1671, Paris) was a French historian and clergyman. He was bishop of Rodez, then archbishop of Paris.
Born at Beaumont, Vienne into a family of Neapolitan origin, he was the son of a maître d'hotel to Richelieu. He studied at the Université de Poitiers and in Paris, receiving his doctorate at the Sorbonne. In 1644, he became preceptor to Louis XIV, which also made him his confessor.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19174025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174025" title="Smiths Gore">
Smiths Gore

Smiths Gore is a firm of chartered surveyors with 30 offices and 18 estate offices across the UK. It is noted for its rural property consultancy services. 
History.
The firm was started in 1847 when John Pickering and Edmund James Smith formed a partnership known as Pickering and Smith in London. Smith later became President of the Surveyors' Institute. 
His son-in-law, Wimbledon tennis champion Spencer William Gore, joined Smith in the business, and the firm was renamed Smiths and Gore.
Services.
The company's practice covers estate management, farm management, property management, forestry, sporting and farm management, commercial property investment, planning and development, architectural services, building surveying, sales, lettings and acquisitions, minerals and telecommunications, wayleaves and easements advice.

</doc>
<doc id="19174032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174032" title="1994 Dutch Supercup">
1994 Dutch Supercup

The match for the fifth Dutch Supercup was held on 21 August 1994 in the Olympisch Stadion in Amsterdam. The match featured the winners of the 1993-94 Eredivisie Ajax and the winners of the 1993-94 KNVB Cup Feyenoord. The game was won by Ajax 3–0, with the goals coming from Jari Litmanen, Tarik Oulida and Patrick Kluivert.
PTT (an acroymn for Posterijen, Telegrafie en Telefonie (Dutch for Postoffice, Telegraph and Telephone)), had been the corporate sponsors since the re-inauguration of the Supercup in 1991. With the competition being known as the 'PTT Telecom Cup', however they withdrew their sponsorship for the 1994 edition of the cup. This led to the name reverting to 'Nederlandse Supercup' (Dutch: Dutch Supercup), a name which was retained until 1996 when the competition became known as the Johan Cruijff-schaal.
This would be the last Dutch Supercup to be played at the Olympisch Stadion, in 1995 the games would be played at the De Kuip with all subsequent cups, under the title of the Johan Cruijff-schaal, being played at the Amsterdam ArenA.

</doc>
<doc id="19174034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174034" title="Sheldon Keller">
Sheldon Keller

Sheldon Bernard "Shelly" Keller (20 August 1923 – 1 September 2008) was an American screenwriter and composer.
Life and career.
Keller was born in Chicago and attended University of Illinois, where he began writing comedy with his fraternity brother Allan Sherman. He served in the Pacific Theater with the United States Army Signal Corps during World War II.
After the war, Keller came home and married Bernice "Bitsy" Berkowitz. They had 2 children, Casey and Jamie. In 1951 he borrowed $500 from his father-in-law and moved the family to New York hoping to become an entertainer and comedian. He soon began writing for television.
On "Caesar's Hour", Keller worked with notable writers Mel Brooks, Selma Diamond, Larry Gelbart, Mel Tolkin, Michael Stewart and Gary Belkin. In 1956, 1957 and 1958 the show was nominated for Emmy Award for Best Comedy Writing – Variety or Situation Comedy.
Keller also wrote several episodes of "The Dick Van Dyke Show", and "M*A*S*H", including "For Want of a Boot" and "The Chosen People" Notable screenplays include "Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell" (written with Melvin Frank and Denis Norden) and "Cleopatra Jones" (with Max Julien). Keller co-wrote the 1979 film "Movie Movie" with Gelbart, winning the WGA Award for Best Comedy Written Directly for the Screen. He wrote specials for Frank Sinatra, Danny Kaye and Carol Channing, winning a 1966 Emmy Award with Hal Goldman and Al Gordon for writing "An Evening With Carol Channing."
In the early 1980s, as his writing career was winding down, Keller formed the Beverly Hills Unlisted Jazz Band with friends Conrad Janis and George Segal. Their mix of jazz and comedy made them popular enough to play at Carnegie Hall and on The Tonight Show and led to their own PBS special in 1993, "This Joint Is Jumpin'".
In later life, Keller collaborated with his friend Howard Albrecht on "Funny Stuff", a newsletter of jokes for radio DJs and public speakers. Keller died at his home in Valencia, California, from complications of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19174035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174035" title="IGG Software">
IGG Software

IGG Software is a Putney, Vermont-based software company that specializes in Mac OS X applications for personal finance and small business.
Products.
iBank.
IGG's iBank application, a personal finance product and Quicken competitor,
was runner-up for the Best Mac OS X Leopard Application in the 2007 Apple Design Awards.
iBank 3, was written to run exclusively in Mac OS 10.5 (Leopard). iBank 2 was developed specifically for the previous Mac OS, 10.4 (Tiger). iBank 3 leverages various aspects of the Mac OS, including Cover Flow, Quick Look, Core Animation and more. It also integrates with other Apple Inc. products, such as syncing with an iPhone via MobileMe.
The latest version, iBank 4 was updated to be compatible with Mac OS X 10.7.
Some iBank features include Direct Connect (downloads from online accounts), iPhone sync, MobileMe compatibility, interactive charts, multiple currencies, a budget monitor, check printing, loan and portfolio management, smart accounts, TurboTax exporting, and Quicken importing.
iBiz.
iBiz is a time-billing system formerly marketed as iWork. To avoid confusion, iWork is now the name Apple computers use for their office software program, after they were allowed by IGG Software to take over the name around 2004, before the first edition of Apple's iWork was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19174045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174045" title="Virgin and Child with a Cat">
Virgin and Child with a Cat

The Dutch artist Rembrandt van Rijn (1606–69) occupies a unique a position in the history of prints as he does in the history of painting. Etchings such as the The Virgin and Child with a Cat, of 1654, represent the very pinnacle of printmaking as a creative art form. It is to Rembrandt that generations of etchers have constantly looked for inspiration. In its collection, the Victoria and Albert Museum has both one of the earliest impressions of this etching and the actual copper plate from which the image is taken.
This print shows a homely scene of maternal affection but it is also a powerful piece of Christian symbolism. While the cat on the left is playing with the Virgin's hem, a snake can be seen slithering out from under her skirt. The Virgin is treading on the snake, symbolising her role as the new Eve, who will triumph over original sin. Joseph looks in from outside the window, symbolising his closeness to, but also his separation from, the Virgin and Child. The pattern of the window's glazing creates the impression of a halo around the Virgin's head.

</doc>
<doc id="19174046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174046" title="Bleed (Angel Dust album)">
Bleed (Angel Dust album)

Bleed is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Angel Dust, released in 1999. The band took a slightly darker direction on the album, without losing the power metal melodies they explored with their previous studio album, "Border of Reality".
References.
Album info on the band's official website

</doc>
<doc id="19174048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174048" title="British Universities Film &amp; Video Council">
British Universities Film &amp; Video Council

The British Universities Film & Video Council (BUFVC) is a representative body promoting the production, study and use of moving image, sound and related media for learning and research. It is a company limited by guarantee, with charity status, serving post compulsory education interests in the UK.
History.
Founded in 1948 as the "British Universities Film Council", the "BUFC" was established by a group of academic staff from various subject disciplines across the arts, humanities and sciences. In the 1960s the "BUFC" was allocated core funding from government as a grant-in-aid body of the British Film Institute (BFI). In 1982 the "Council" left the BFI with the remit to engage with UK higher education, changed its title to British Universities Film "& Video" Council and obtained recurrent core grant direct from the Department for Education and Science. In the early 1990s, with the re-organisation of UK higher education funding, the BUFVC's PES line was moved to the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) and was paid over via The Open University. On 12 February 2007 the BUFVC became a 'related body' of HEFCE receiving core grant under "Section 65" of the "Further and Higher Education Act 1992" with oversight from the JISC (Joint Information Systems Committee). It now has more than 200 subscribing member institutions in the UK.
Governance.
The BUFVC is governed by a board of fourteen trustees comprising at least ten elected names and up to four appointed names including one trustee appointed by HEFCE. At least one third of the trustees step down and/or are re-elected each year. Trustees are normally nominated and elected from the subscribing membership.
The BUFVC employs sixteen staff and operates in a mixed economy of earned income (from subscriptions, publications sales, events, courses and screenings), from core grant-in-aid support, and from research grants and sponsorship. It is an independent body with its own self-contained offices in central London.
BUFVC Services and Databases.
The BUFVC offers a range of specialist services under the soubriquet Moving Image and Sound, Knowledge and Access and aims to know more about moving image and sound content, its meaning, context and scholarly value, than any other UK-based educational body. Some BUFVC services are delivered online worldwide without charge, whereas other services are only offered under authenticated access to users in the UK or to staff in BUFVC member institutions.
At the heart of the BUFVC is a specialist Information Service. This is the source of much of BUFVC's information which is published online and in print. details of the BUFVC's print publications can be found via http://bufvc.ac.uk/publications/ and the BUFVC's quarterly magazine "Viewfinder" is described at http://bufvc.ac.uk/publications/viewfinder
The main online databases/online resources currently delivered by the BUFVC are:
TRILT–Television and Radio Index for Learning and Teaching which offers the best online information describing broadcast content received from some 350 channels of radio and television and delivered in the UK since 2001. The service currently carries some 13 million records and accumulates data at a rate of 1.3 million records per year. Data is delivered 10 days in advance of transmission and TRILT offers a customisable alert service for users. Users from UK licensed educational establishments which are BUFVC members, may also order copies of programmes on DVD or CD post-transmission. See http://bufvc.ac.uk/tvandradio/trilt (under authenticated access only). You may also try the Demonstration version, which is in open access.
The Researcher’s Guide to Screen Heritage is an online directory to UK archives and collections of artefacts relating to the history of moving image and sound. This resource is delivered in open access (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/archives)
Moving Image Gateway is a links database for websites delivering moving image and sound and related media content which might be of value for use in UK further and higher education. This resource is delivered in open access (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/gateway/)
The British Universities Newsreel Database (BUND) carries information on more than 180,000 cinema newsreel stories released into British cinemas between 1911 and 1979. This resource is delivered open access as part of the "News On Screen" section of the website (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/newsonscreen).
Three large-scale online resources, which are archive collections of Independent Local Radio recordings, are delivered to bona fide users in UK higher and further education in collaboration with Bournemouth University via http://bufvc.ac.uk/tvandradio/independent-radio
Newsfilm Online is a resource which was prepared for online delivery by the BUFVC in collaboration with ITN and Reuters Television. A sample site can be accessed without authentication at http://newsfilm.bufvc.ac.uk/ The larger resource, which amounts to some 65,000 movie items in two file formats for progressive download, is only available to staff and students of UK higher and further education institutions from the data centre EDINA (see http://www.nfo.ac.uk/)
Another significant collection of moving image and sound content which is delivered online and that was selected and prepared by the BUFVC is Film and Sound Online. This resource is delivered under authenticated access only to staff and students in sub-licensed universities and colleges in the UK (see http://www.filmandsound.ac.uk).
BUFVC Television and Radio Services.
BUFVC Off-Air Recording Back-Up Service - the BUFVC records and retains, under licence and copyright exception, some 44,000 hours per year of UK television and radio content. More than a decade of these recordings are held from June 1998 onwards. The channels recorded are: BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Three, BBC Four, ITV, Channel 4, and Five. BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 7 are also now recorded and retained. Copies may only be supplied to staff in subscribing member institutions which also hold an Educational Recording Agency (ERA) licence. See http://bufvc.ac.uk/tvandradio/offair
Box of Broadcasts (BoB) this is a shared online service for universities and colleges in the UK which also have current ERA+ licences. It offers staff and students the opportunity to record and retain streamed copies of programmes (and extracts from programmes) in their own personal online play-lists. It is a form of scholarly 'see it again/hear it again' service which retains programme copies as long as the users require them to be retained (unlike most broadcasters' equivalent online services which retain copies for a relatively short time only). See http://bobnational.net/
TV Times Index (TVTip) provides a unique searchable index to the London edition of the TVTimes, the listings magazine for ITV broadcasts, from September 1955 to March 1985. TVTiP allows users to search for programmes, production staff and performers. It contains approximately 250,000 records.
This Week was a leading ITV current affairs series, running from January 1956 to December 1992. From 1978-1986 it was known as "TVEye". The This Week database is a record of the entire production history of the series. It has been enhanced by the contributions of expert researchers and information shared with the project by FremantleMedia and used with their permission. This Week is accessed via the BUFVC Website and is authenticated by Athens jointly with the TV Times Project database (TVTiP). It is free at point of access to all staff and students in further and higher education institutions in the United Kingdom and to BUFVC members.
News on Screen.
The BUFVC is responsible for the world’s leading resource for the study of newsreels and cinemagazines, at the heard of which is a central database holding over 180,000 records. Associated with these records are 80,000 downloadable documents offered as PDFs taken from original documentation (scripts, running orders, dope sheets and ephemera) from the original news production files. Additionally, the database can be used to access some 40,000 British Pathe newsreel items online. The BUND also carries information on content delivered as Cinemagazines - longer form single subject items included in British cinema programmes and some which were only shown to overseas audiences. This resource is delivered open access as part of the "News On Screen" section of the website (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/newsonscreen). 
The BUFVC has also published several books related to this area including "Yesterday's News: The British Cinema Newsreel Reader" (2002, ISBN 0-901299-73-1) edited by Luke Mckernan; "Filming History: The memoirs of John Turner, newsreel cameraman" (2001, ISBN 0-901299-72-3) and "Projecting Britain: The Guide to British Cinemagazines" (2008, ISBN 978-0-901299-78-9) edited by Emily Crosby and Linda Kaye. 
Shakespeare in Film, Television, Radio and Online.
One of the BUFVC's main educational resources is its International Database of Shakespeare on Film, Television and Radio. This authoritative online database of Shakespeare-related content is continually growing and is international in scope. It holds over 6,500 records dating from the 1890s to the present day (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/shakespeare/). The BUFVC has also published two books on the subject: "As You Like It: Audiovisual Shakespeare" (ISBN 0901299634) edited by Cathy Grant (1992) and "Shakespeare on Film, Television and Radio: The Researcher's Guide" (ISBN 978 0901299796) edited by Olwen Terris, Eve-Marie Oesterlen and Luke McKernan (2009).
BUFVC Publishing and Distribution.
The BUFVC publishes the quarterly journal "Viewfinder", reference books such as "The BUFVC Handbook" and distributes documentaries on DVD, including such as "The Origins of Scientific Cinematography" and Stanley Milgram's classic behaviourist film, "Obedience".
BUFVC Events.
Annually the BUFVC organises at least one two-day conference under the title Learning on Screen (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/learningonscreen). The BUFVC also organises a range of one-day courses on need-to-know topics for university staff and researchers (see http://bufvc.ac.uk/courses)

</doc>
<doc id="19174073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174073" title="Style of the Portuguese sovereign">
Style of the Portuguese sovereign

The style of Portuguese sovereign has varied over the years. Currently, there is no Portuguese monarch but there is a pretender: Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza. He styles himself following some of the ancient traditions of the Portuguese monarchy.
Style of Title.
During the history of Portuguese monarchy, the Portuguese kings used the following styles:
Style of Address.
The attribute of the Portuguese sovereign also changed several times as well:

</doc>
<doc id="19174083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174083" title="Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-2 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The K-2 event is raced by two-man canoe sprint kayaks.
Final.
The final took place July 27.

</doc>
<doc id="19174111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174111" title="USS Fairfield (AK-178)">
USS Fairfield (AK-178)

USS "Fairfield" (AK-178) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and was decommissioned shortly after war’s end.
Built in California.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Fairfield" (AK-178) was launched on 6 February 1945 by Kaiser Cargo Inc., Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. Henry W. Creeger; acquired by the Navy on a loan-charter basis from the U.S. Maritime Commission; and commissioned on 28 March 1945, Lieutenant C. R. Snyder, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
"Fairfield" completed shakedown and fitting out before 8 May when she arrived at San Francisco, California, to load cargo for Manus, Samar and Calicoan Islands. In early July she loaded U.S. Army cargo at Parang, Mindanao, and was en route to Agusan Providence when on the 14th she picked up six Filipino guerillas from the wreckage of their boat which had been cut in two and sunk by a submarine.
"Fairfield" continued her cargo operations among the islands of the southwest Pacific Ocean through October 1945 when she was drydocked at Newcastle, Australia, for a brief period before being assigned to carry Australian Army cargo from Sydney, Australia, to Borneo, Tacloban, and Manila, Philippine Islands.
Post-war decommissioning.
During December the Navy removed all excess gear and she steamed into Yokosuka, Japan, on the 25th. On 8 January 1946 a Japanese crew came on board for training and on the 11th she was decommissioned and turned over to the War Shipping Administration for disposal.
Her subsequent fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="19174124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174124" title="Lame delegation">
Lame delegation

In domain name systems, a lame delegation, also known as a lame response, is a type of error that results when a name server is designated as the authoritative server for a domain name for which it does not have authoritative data. 
American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN) has a Draft Policies and Proposals concerning lame delegations - Policy 2002-1: Lame Delegations in IN-ADDR.ARPA . See https://www.arin.net/policy/proposals/2002_1.html

</doc>
<doc id="19174126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174126" title="Rakista">
Rakista

Rakista TV Series is a weekly Filipino television comedy/musical series that centers on the exploits of a newly formed rock band composed of five Filipino college students. The show was first telecast on August 14, 2008, and airs Thursday nights (with a rerun on Sunday afternoons) on TV5. It was among the new shows unveiled by the network (formerly known as ABC5) upon its relaunch on 9 August 2008.
"Rakista TV Series" was created by filmmaker Quark Henares and Diego Castillo, co-founder and guitarist of the rock band "Sandwich". Apart from Henares and Castillo, writers for the show have included music video director King Palisoc, Palanca Award-winning author Yvette Tan and "Philippine Star" columnist Erwin Romulo. Each episode also features a narration by poet and vocalist for "Radioactive Sago Project" Lourd de Veyra. Mikey Amistoso of "Ciudad" and Diego Mapa of "Cambio" are credited with the original music for the series.
Synopsis.
"Rakista" features a behind-the-scenes look at the on-campus and off-campus adventures of a struggling newly formed rock band named "The Love Team". Its soundtrack is rock music-intensive, showcasing compositions from many Filipino bands. The story starts when Caloy (Carlo Aquino) practices his guitar and his brother, also a musician but a frustrated one, but no longer following his dream and told Caloy to do what his heart follows but make priorities first.
Critical reception.
"Rakista TV Series" has been lauded uniquely "Pinoy" style and for its "twisted sense of humor that has never been present in television." Critics have attributed as among the show's influences, Joss Whedon, John Hughes films, "The Adventures of Pete and Pete", and the Michael Winterbottom film "9 Songs".
External links.
Rakista.com (not related to TV Series) is a Pinoy Rock Community website, dedicated to supporting the Pinoy Rock scenes, more specifically giving amateur and underground bands exposure in its regular bar events called Rakista Jam Tayo.
Rakista is a registered trademark of R.E.C. 

</doc>
<doc id="19174132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174132" title="Masters of War (audio drama)">
Masters of War (audio drama)

Masters of War is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". The "Doctor Who Unbound" dramas pose a series of "What if...?" questions.
Plot.
The Doctor and Brigadier land on Skaro and meet Davros.

</doc>
<doc id="19174163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174163" title="Anupong Paochinda">
Anupong Paochinda

General Anupong Paochinda (; ; born October 10, 1949) is a former Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army. He held the position from 2007 until his retirement on 30 September 2010.
While a Lieutenant General holding the position of 1st Army Area Commander, Anupong was also an appointed member of the Council for National Security, the junta that staged the 2006 Thai coup d'état and deposed the caretaker government of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
Life.
Anupong completed a primary education from Bangkok's Phanthasuksa Pitthaya School in 1965 and Thai-British Curriculum Amnuay Silpa School in the following year, a military education from Thailand's Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School in 1967 (Class 10) and from Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy in 1972 (Class 21), as well as a degree of political science from Ramkhamhaeng University in 1993, and a master's degree from the National Defence College of Thailand's Class 26 of Thailand's National Institute of Development Administration in 2004, respectively.
Anupong has been appointed to many military offices, including "inter alia", commandant of the 21st Army Battalion in charge of Privy Protection, commandant of Queen Sirikit's Lion-hearted Army, commandant of the 1st Army Division in charge of Privy Protection, deputy commander and commander of the 1st Army Area. Anupong was selected by the Council of Ministers of Thailand to hold the position of the Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army on 19 September 2007, and promoted to such position by Bhumibol Adulyadej on 1 October of the same year.
Anupong is married to Kunlaya Paochinda (). They have two children, Yutthaphong Paochinda () and Wimalin Paochinda ().
On 2 October 2008, Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej, following a civil insurgency demanding his resignation or impeachment, impose a state of emergency throughout Bangkok Metropolis and appointed Anupong as the leader of the officers in charge of the state of emergency.
On 14 January 2010, Anupong ordered the suspension of Major General Khattiya Sawasdipol, the controversial "Seh Daeng", after an inquiry committee found that Khattiya had publicly proclaimed his loyalty to the National United Front of Democracy Against Dictatorship, a political pressure group supporting Thaksin Shinawatra, breaching military discipline. The following day, Anupong's office in the Royal Thai Army Headquarters was attacked by unknown parties using an M79 grenade launcher. The unoccupied office was slightly damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="19174172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174172" title="Neil Masters">
Neil Masters

Neil Masters (born 25 May 1972 in Ballymena) is a Northern Irish football coach and former player.
Masters, a defender during his active career, played English league football for Bournemouth, Wolverhampton and Gillingham.
He joined Norwegian club Moss FK ahead of the 2001 season. Having retiring as a player after the 2003 season, he was hired as coach of Rygge FK, a fourth-tier Norwegian club located near Moss.

</doc>
<doc id="19174175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174175" title="Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon">
Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon

Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon (10 September 1720 – 21 May 1793), 2nd Prince of Craon (1754), Marshal of France (1783) was a French scholar, nobleman and general. The son of Marc de Beauvau, he was also brother of the famous Madame de Boufflers and through her uncle to the poet Stanislas de Boufflers.
Personal and public life.
Charles Juste was born at the Hôtel de Craon, Lunéville in the capital of the Duchy of Lorraine. His family were the most powerful in Lorraine after the ruling Duke of Lorraine.
His mother, Anne Marguerite de Ligneville, was the mistress of Leopold, Duke of Lorraine, husband of Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans (niece of Louis XIV). He was the thirteenth of twenty children.
He married twice; firstly on 3 April 1745 to Marie Charlotte de La Tour d'Auvergne (20 December 1729 – 6 September 1763), daughter of Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne and his last wife Louise Henriette Françoise de Lorraine. The couple had one child who married into the Noailles family. His first wife Marie Charlotte died of Smallpox aged 33.
Marie Charlotte died in 1763. The next year, on 14 March, he married again; this time to Marie Charlotte Sylvie de Rohan-Chabot, a cousin of Charles, Prince of Soubise. The couple had no children Marie Charlotte Sylvie outliving her husband till 1807.
He entered military service for France and was made a lieutenant of the Cavalry on 10 December 1738; colonel of the guard (Lorraine) on 1 May 1740 and distinguished himself under the leadership of the Duke of Belle-Isle at the Siege of Prague in 1742. Created a Brigadier on 16 May 1746 he was later created a Field marshal on 10 May 1748. He was later elevated to Lieutenant General on 28 December 1758. He gained further distinction in 1762 while serving in Spain.
He was named the Governor of Languedoc on 12 June 1747, he was later created the governor of Provence.
A Grandee of Spain, first class from 11 May 1754, he became a Knight of the Order of the Holy Spirit, the highest decoration in Ancien régime France (1 January 1757).
He had dealings with the Académie française. He kept a fashionable salon, keeping company with the likes of Jean Devaines, the philosopher Jean-François Marmontel, the poet Jean François de Saint-Lambert as well as his nephew Stanislas de Boufflers.
He was created a Marshal of France in 1783. In 1789, he served in the Secretary of State for War for six months. A supporter of reforms, he was untroubled by the French Revolution and died in his bed at the height of the Reign of Terror.
The maréchal de Beauvau, died at the "hôtel de Beauvau", his Parisian residence on the Place Beauvau, named after him. The hôtel was built by the architect Nicolas Le Camus de Mézières around 1770 for Charles Juste. The hôtel de Beauvau has housed the Ministry of the Interior since 1861. He owned the Château du Val at Saint-Germain-en-Laye, a property later acquired by Benjamin Franklin.
His nephew Marc Étienne Gabriel de Beauvau (1773–1849) became the next Prince of Beauvau.
The present Noailles "duc de Mouchy" is a direct descendant of Charles Juste.
Issue.
Anne Louise Marie de Beauvau, Mademoiselle de Beauvau (1 April 1750 – 20 November 1834) married Philippe Louis de Noailles and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19174183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174183" title="Oscar Dathorne">
Oscar Dathorne

Oscar Ronald Dathorne (November 19, 1934 – December 18, 2007) was a Guyanese educator, novelist, poet and critic. Born in Georgetown, Guyana he attended Queen’s College prior to his parents moving the family to England in 1953. He attended the University of Sheffield obtaining his BA, English in 1958 later completing his MA in 1960 and PhD, English, in 1966.
However, having completed his studies he found that few English universities were willing to offer him anything other than junior positions. He therefore sought job opportunities abroad and successfully applied for a teaching post at the University of Ibadan in Nigeria. He remained in West Africa for six years completing his stay whilst holding a full professorship at the University of Sierra Leone as head of the English department. With his use of African literature as a basis for many English classes and the increased recognition that African literature be defined as written by Africans rather than about Africans; in 1969 he was invited to the United States as a guest lecturer at Yale University.
With the continuing changes in the black American psyche, African culture and heritage were viewed as a past in which to take great pride. As a result, universities throughout the US were becoming interested in forming African and African-American study departments. Having specialist knowledge within this area, Dathorne became professor of African studies at Howard University in Washington, D.C.
He was a pioneer of Black Studies in the United States teaching African American studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and then spent 15 years working at Ohio State and the University of Miami, establishing and directing African, Caribbean, and African-American study programs. In 1987 he left the University of Miami to take up a post as a professor in the English department at the University of Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="19174187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174187" title="Kenneth Cockrel, Jr.">
Kenneth Cockrel, Jr.

Kenneth Vern "Ken" Cockrel, Jr. (born October 29, 1965) is a Michigan politician who became mayor of Detroit on September 19, 2008. He was president of the Detroit City Council from 2005 until September 17, 2008, when he was sworn in as the interim mayor, with his term in office beginning September 19. The previous mayor, Kwame Kilpatrick had announced on September 4, 2008 that he would resign, causing the duties of the Mayor of Detroit to fall upon Cockrel.
On May 5, 2009, former Detroit Pistons player and businessman Dave Bing defeated Cockrel 52% to 48% in a special election for Mayor of Detroit. On May 11, 2009, Bing was sworn in as the new Mayor of Detroit and Cockrel returned to his position as Council President.
Cockrel is no longer President of the Detroit City Council and now sits as a regular council member. On April 23, 2013 he announced that he would not run for re-election.
Background.
Cockrel, a "cum laude" graduate of Wayne State University, is a former writer for the "Detroit Free Press" and a former Wayne County commissioner. He is the son of Kenneth Cockrel, Sr. (November 5, 1938 – April 25, 1989), a former Detroit city council member, attorney and self-proclaimed Marxist-Leninist who died from a heart attack, and Carol Cockrel, a schoolteacher. He is a graduate of the St. Florian Church (Hamtramck, Michigan) High School.
In 1997, Cockrel became the youngest person ever elected to the Detroit City Council. He became council president "pro tempore" in 2001, and was elevated to council president in 2005 after receiving more votes than any other city council candidate in that year's election. He is viewed by the city's business community as a moderate consensus-builder. In his first term as a city councillor, he secured passage of an ordinance requiring the city to pay vendors and contractors for goods and services within 45 days.
Cockrel enjoys science fiction and action films. He concluded his inaugural address with quotes from "" and "Star Trek".
He and his wife Kimberly have two sons, Kenneth III and Kyle Vincent, and three daughters, Kennedy Victoria, Kendal Imani and Kayla Lanette. Former councilwoman Sheila Cockrel is his stepmother.
Mayoralty.
As Council President, Cockrel was first in the order of succession to assume the Mayor's Office if a vacancy occurred. Due to the fallout from the text-messaging scandal, on September 4, 2008, Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice and agreed to resign effective September 18, 2008, at midnight. Under the City Charter, Cockrel became interim mayor and a special election was ordered.
As he became mayor, Cockrel stated that he planned to review the city budget, due to uncertainty around whether Kilpatrick was fully honest with the city council about the state of the city's finances, and to potentially renegotiate a pending deal with the city of Windsor, Ontario around management of the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel. The existing deal would have seen Windsor take over full management of the tunnel in exchange for a $75 million loan to Detroit, although Cockrel suggested that he would prefer to work out a new deal which would see the two cities maintain joint management of the tunnel. Windsor mayor Eddie Francis stated that he was confident that he could maintain a strong working relationship with Cockrel.
Cockrel was defeated by former Detroit Pistons star and Detroit businessman Dave Bing in a special election on May 5, 2009 to finish the remainder of Kilpatrick's term, which expired January 1, 2010, at midnight. Following certification of the vote and Bing taking office on May 11, 2009, Cockrel returned to his position as City Council President.

</doc>
<doc id="19174211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174211" title="Javan Vidal">
Javan Vidal

Javan Noel Vidal (born 10 May 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender and is without a club.
He has previously played for Manchester City where he came through the clubs youth team academy. Whilst with City he spent time on loan with Grimsby Town, Aberdeen, Derby County and Chesterfield before being released in 2012. He went on to sign for Panetolikos but left the club having failed to make a first team appearance. Upon his return to England he went on to play for Stockport County and Rochdale. 
Club career.
Manchester City.
Born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, Vidal came through the youth ranks at Premier League club Manchester City but was handed his first taste of first team football when he was signed on an initial one month loan at Football League Two side Grimsby Town on 1 September 2008, he had meant to sign three days previously but had returned Manchester following a Friday training session in Grimsby. Vidal became the second consecutive Manchester City defender to sign on loan with Town in as many seasons, following the loan of City's Shaleum Logan at the same time in the previous season. Vidal made his professional debut in the clubs 2–2 draw with Chesterfield in the Football League Trophy first round at Saltergate. He was used as a second half substitute, and the club went on to win 4–1 in the penalty shoot out. He made his league debut on 6 September against Gillingham as a second half sub for Jamie Clarke. Vidal returned to the Eastlands after playing a total of five games for Grimsby in all competitions. In January 2009 Vidal joined Scottish Premier League team Aberdeen on a six-month loan deal. Vidal made his SPL debut for Aberdeen as a second half substitute replacing Stuart Duff, the club went on to draw 0–0 against Rangers in front of 20,441 fans at Pittodrie. He scored his first goal for Aberdeen in a 5–0 victory over East Fife in the Scottish Cup tie at Pittodrie on 18 February. Vidal made a total of 14 appearances for Aberdeen and started the final league game of the season where Aberdeen won 1–0 against Hibernian, which meant they finished 4th in the SPL and qualified for a place in next season's Europa League.
Vidal joined Derby County on 1 February 2010, on loan until the end of the 2009–10 season. He made just one appearance, as a late substitute in the 3–0 win against Newcastle United at Pride Park Stadium on 9 February 2010, before Manchester City activated a recall clause in his contract and he returned to Eastlands. On 1 July 2010, Vidal signed a new one-year contract with the club to run until summer 2011. Vidal made his senior debut for City in the League Cup tie against West Bromwich Albion, He was substituted in the 55th minute of the game after being cautioned early in the first half, the team were leading 1–0 when he was substituted but immediately found themselves two goals down when he was withdrawn and they went onto lose 2–1 in normal time. 
On 20 January 2011, Vidal signed a 5-week loan deal with Chesterfield. Vidal was released by City in June 2011. Following his release by Manchester City, Vidal insists that he needed to leave the club due to his desire for regular first-team football and he told skysports.com that breaking into the side at Eastlands is getting tougher each year.
Panetolikos and Stockport County.
On 27 January 2012, Vidal signed a 6-month contract with the option of another year with Greek Superleague club Panetolikos F.C.. He released himself from his contract due to contractual issues before making a single appearance for Panetolikos. 
On 15 March 2013 Vidal signed for Conference National side Stockport County, but left when the club were relegated from the Conference National.
Rochdale.
On July 26 2013, Vidal signed with League Two side Rochdale. After failing to break into the first team he was released on 2 January 2014 having only featured three times in all competitions.
International career.
Vidal had been capped at under-19's level, and was selected for the under-20 international friendly against Italy on 31 March 2009, playing the full 90 minutes and helping England to a 2–0 victory.
He was a late call up for the under-20 international friendly against Montenegro on 11 August 2009, setting up the first goal for Febian Brandy on 13 minutes, the team then went on to an impressive 5–0 victory, with Vidal completing the full 90 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19174224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174224" title="The Knewz">
The Knewz

The Knewz is a polka band based in Buffalo, New York, which was started in 1990 by Mike Burka, Tom Picciano, and Tommy Wanderlich. The band plays many original songs, covers of country and rock songs, and also traditional Polish polkas, obereks, and waltzes.
In 2008, The Knewz received two awards from the United States Polka Association - Favorite Recording of the Year, Headlinez, and Favorite Song of the Year, "When I Call Your Name", written by Tommy Wanderlich.

</doc>
<doc id="19174230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174230" title="Plugged Nickle">
Plugged Nickle

Plugged Nickle (foaled 1977 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. he was voted American Champion Sprint Horse in 1980.
Background.
Bred and raced by John M. Schiff, he was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Tommy Kelly.
Racing career.
At age two in 1979, Plugged Nickle won the Laurel Futurity and Remsen Stakes and in 1980 his wins in the Hutcheson Stakes, Florida Derby, and the Wood Memorial made him the second choice among bettors behind favorite Rockhill Native in the 1¼ mile Kentucky Derby, the first leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series. The favorite finished fifth and Plugged Nickel, who raced near the lead until tiring in the homestretch, wound up in seventh place behind the winning filly, Genuine Risk.
Plugged Nickle did not run in the Preakness or Belmont Stakes but was switched to run in shorter sprint races. The move saw him win several more important Graded stakes races and be voted the 1980 Eclipse Award as American Champion Sprint Horse.
Stud record.
Syndicated and retired to stud duty, Plugged Nickle's first crop of foals were born in 1983. He stood in the United States until age eleven when he was sent to breeders in South Africa. His modestly successful offspring includes twenty stakes winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19174246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174246" title="Chaconne (ballet)">
Chaconne (ballet)

Chaconne is a ballet made by New York City Ballet co-founder and balletmaster George Balanchine to ballet music from Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice" (Vienna, 1762; Paris, 1774). The premiere took place Wednesday, January 22nd, 1976, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center with lighting by Ronald Bates; Robert Irving conducted. "Chaconne" was danced in practice clothes at its premiere; Karinska's costumes were added in the Spring season.
The finale to "Orfeo ed Euridice" is a "chaconne", a dance form built on a short bass phrase and often used by 17th and 18th century opera composers to achieve a festive mood at the end. The choreography was first performed at the Hamburgische Staatsoper in their 1963 production of "Orpheus und Eurydike" and somewhat altered in "Chaconne", especially that for the principal dancers. Balanchine added the "pas de deux" for Suzanne Farrell and Peter Martins to the 1976 ballet and the opening ensemble (to the 1774 "Dance of the Blessed Spirits") for the Spring season.
Balanchine's first "Orpheus and Eurydice" was made on the Metropolitan Opera in 1936; his approach, the singers remaining in the pit while the action was danced on stage, was "not" well received; the production had only two performances. He choreographed "Orphée et Eurydice" for the Théâtre National de l'Opéra, Paris, in 1973 and "Orfeo ed Euridice" for the Chicago Lyric Opera in 1975 as well.
In 1773 Gluck wrote, "Always as simple and natural as I can make it, my music strives toward the utmost expressiveness and seeks to reinforce the meaning of the underlying poetry. It is for this reason that I do not use those trills, coloraturas, and cadences that Italians employ so abundantly."

</doc>
<doc id="19174249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174249" title="Zbyněk Hauzr">
Zbyněk Hauzr

Zbyněk Hauzr (born 20 April 1973 in Liberec) is a former Czech football goalkeeper, who ended his professional career in FC Slovan Liberec on 1 June 2013 together with his team mate Tomáš Janů.

</doc>
<doc id="19174253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174253" title="Marie Françoise Catherine de Beauvau-Craon">
Marie Françoise Catherine de Beauvau-Craon

Marie Françoise Catherine de Beauvau-Craon, marquise de Boufflers (1711–1787), commonly known as Madame de Boufflers, was a French noblewoman. She was the royal mistress of Stanislas Leszczyński and mother of the poet Stanislas de Boufflers.
Family.
Her father was Marc de Beauvau, Prince of Beauvau-Craon, and her mother was Anne Marguerite de Lignéville (1686–1772), mistress of Leopold, Duke of Lorraine. She had nineteen siblings, including Charles Juste de Beauvau, through whom she was a sister-in-law of Marie Charlotte de La Tour d'Auvergne. Marie Françoise Catherine married Louis François de Boufflers (1714–1752), marquis d'Amestranges, and bore him Stanislas de Boufflers, later famous as a poet.
Life.
Witty, well-educated and beautiful, the marquise de Boufflers wrote verse and drew in pastel. At the court at Lunéville, aged 34, she became the chief mistress to king Stanislas, then aged 64. This did not stop her also collecting other lovers; nicknamed "la Dame de Volupté" ("the lady of delight"), she was also the mistress of the poet Jean François de Saint-Lambert, then of M. of Adhémar, of the intendant de Lorraine Antoine-Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière, of the lawyer and poet François-Antoine Devaux, of the abbé Porquet, and many others. 
To try to make the marquise de Boufflers jealous and regain her affections, Saint-Lambert attempted to seduce the marquise du Châtelet when the latter arrived in Lunéville in 1748. The marquise du Châtelet fell passionately in love with the poet and became best friends with the marquise de Boufflers, thus completely ruining the plans of Father Menou, Stanislas's confessor, who wanted to use her to dislodge the marquise de Boufflers as chief mistress to the king.

</doc>
<doc id="19174254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174254" title="Mährenhorn">
Mährenhorn

The Mährenhorn is a mountain in the Urner Alps, overlooking Innertkirchen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies west of Triftsee, near the Trift Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19174267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174267" title="The Good, the Sad and the Drugly">
The Good, the Sad and the Drugly

"The Good, the Sad and the Drugly" is the seventeenth episode of the twentieth season of the animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 437th episode overall. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on April 19, 2009. In the episode, Bart sets up Milhouse to take the fall for a prank the two of them pulled, and the duo's friendship becomes strained when Bart falls for a charitable girl named Jenny. He starts making her think he is actually good and not bad. Meanwhile, Lisa goes insane when she finds articles on the Internet predicting that Springfield will be a barren wasteland in fifty years.
The episode was written by Marc Wilmore and directed by Rob Oliver. It features actress Anne Hathaway as Jenny. "The Good, the Sad and the Drugly" received generally mixed reviews from critics for its similarities with other episodes. According to the Nielsen ratings, the episode was watched by 6.50 million households in its original airing.
Plot.
Milhouse and Bart loosen every bolt and screw in Springfield Elementary, leading to mass chaos when the building and its contents fall apart. Milhouse is apprehended by Principal Skinner and suspended from school for a week (and subsequently grounded). Bart, whose involvement with the prank was not discovered, promises to visit Milhouse every day. Homer drops Bart off at Springfield Retirement Castle to visit Grandpa. There, Bart is immediately smitten with a kind and charitable girl named Jenny. Bart makes a concerted effort to appear "good" to Jenny, demonstrating his newfound good nature by defending ducklings and eventually inviting Jenny over for dinner. However, Milhouse shows up on the Simpsons' doorstep and threatens to reveal Bart's true, dark nature because Bart forgot to visit him during his suspension. Milhouse begins appearing on Bart and Jenny's outings, each time hinting at Bart's misdeeds. Eventually, Bart confesses to Jenny that he was actually bad before he met her and only pretended to be good to start a relationship. He continues to say that he is changed completely because of being with her. Jenny, though momentarily pleased by Bart's honesty, cannot forgive or trust Bart, and angrily leaves him.
Meanwhile, Lisa is assigned to write a report on what Springfield will look like in the year 2059. When she discovers online reports about soap for drinks instead of water, a world war over a tiny drop of oil, a parking lot yet to be filled forever and the last polar bear committing suicide by hanging himself, she is filled with anxiety and depression and terrifies her classmates with her dark visions of the oceans rising from global warming, turning humanity and the lowlands into a desert and darkness falling upon Nineveh. Homer and Marge take her to a psychiatrist, who prescribes Lisa "happy pills" known as "Ignorital". Lisa is initially skeptical, but after taking her first pill she loses touch with her problems and sees pollution (as well as everything else) as smiley faces. In her love-induced stupor, she nearly kisses a running fan held by Maggie, until Marge finally intervenes by deciding that she wants Lisa back to normal and should not take the pills anymore. She tosses them in the wastebasket, where they are promptly eaten by Santa's Little Helper. When Maggie (most likely doing it intentionally) holds the fan up to him, he (off screen) licks the fan himself.
Heartbroken, Bart is at the Kwik-E-Mart, drowning his sorrows on a couple of Squishees. Soon a back to normal, Lisa shows up and wisely tells him that he should try to deal with his heartbreak by apologizing to Milhouse. When Bart asks why since he turned Jenny against him, Lisa relates a story about her own problems with her depression for the future of the world. After scaring her classmates, Homer and Marge has her on Ignorital. During her addiction to Ignorital, Lisa lost sense of her reality and kept seeing happy faces everywhere she went. In her addicted stupor, she almost kissed her fan until Marge intervened and threw her pills away. Bart decides to take Lisa's advice, buy a bouquet of roses, and apologizes to Jenny for lying to her about his true character and Milhouse for his neglect to visit him.
In the end, it is revealed that the apology and roses are for Milhouse. The two friends reconcile and play a prank together, repeatedly driving a Zamboni over the floor of the school until it is as slippery as ice. They then wait for the bell and watch as the school kids slide around while fake snow falls simulating an out-door ice rink.
Production.
"The Good, the Sad and the Drugly" was written by Marc Wilmore and directed by Rob Oliver. In September 2008, it was announced that Anne Hathaway would guest star as Bart's girlfriend in a future episode. Hathaway, who has been a "Simpsons" fan since the shorts on "The Tracey Ullman Show", said that she grew up watching "The Simpsons" with her brothers, and said that "it stuck with me...high school, college, post, everything. I always stop whenever it's on." She said that she "flipped out" when she was offered a guest role and that it "might be the most [...] exciting thing" that has ever happened to her. The episode marked the first time she did a voice-over to an animation that was not animated beforehand. Hathaway described her character Jenny as a "good girl" but "not necessarily bland" and "a little complicated, a little judgemental".
The episode was also notable for featuring the first grounding to be used since "Fraudcast News" back in Season 15. This would lead to three additional episodes utilizing the grounding, "Waverly Hills 9-0-2-1-D'oh", which had Homer threaten to ground Bart at the end of the episode, "The Devil Wears Nada", in which Rod and Todd are grounded, and "Postcards from the Wedge", which marked the culmination of the grounding, since at the end of that episode, after 21 seasons of being sent to his room, or being punished in other ways, Bart is finally grounded for the first time ever, and remains grounded for the rest of the episode. In all, Seasons 20 and 21 feature more groundings than the previous 19 seasons put together. Prior to Season 20, the only groundings that were ever mentioned were in "Lisa's Rival", "Marge Be Not Proud", and "Fraudcast News".
Reception.
According to the Nielsen ratings, "The Good, the Sad and the Drugly" was watched by 6.50 million households in its original in the United States on April 19, 2009. It received a 3.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic, and was the second most-watched series in the "Animation Domination" block, after "Family Guy" and ahead of "American Dad!" and the series premiere of "Sit Down, Shut Up".
Erich Asperschlager of "TV Verdict" said that it "isn't a bad episode [...] It's just not very original", as he thought it "borrows heavily" from past episodes, stating: "I'll gladly defend the show against those who say it's no longer funny, but episodes like this make it hard to defend against those who say that 20 seasons on it's just more of the same." Robert Canning of "IGN" gave the episode 7.5/10, and said that "a lot of the basic ideas found in "The Good, the Sad and the Drugly" have been mined before in episodes of "The Simpsons", but said that the episode "was using the classic episodes as an inspiration and not simply ripping them off." Canning said that Hathaway "did a fine job", but said that "there was nothing extreme in the part that she was called upon to perform, so in essence Jenny could have been performed by anybody."
Genevieve Koski of "The A.V. Club" said that the episode "relied on a few old chestnuts, plot-wise," and "benefited from a pretty straightforward A story no weird digressions or preludes that go nowhere, and a minimum of Homer-centric buffoonery."
References.
General
Specific<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19174271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174271" title="Lecozotan">
Lecozotan

Lecozotan is an investigational drug by Wyeth tested for improvement of cognitive functions of Alzheimer's disease patients.
, the first Phase III clinical trial has been completed.
Method of action.
Lecozotan is a competitive, selective 5-HT1A receptor antagonist
which enhances the potassium-stimulated release of acetylcholine and glutamate.

</doc>
<doc id="19174282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174282" title="Taking a Line for a Second Walk">
Taking a Line for a Second Walk

Taking a Line for a Second Walk is the name of piano duo reduction of a dance work for orchestra by Michael Nyman, "Basic Black", written in 1986 for the Houston Ballet. It is eponymous with a 1994 album on Work Music on which it constitutes approximately half the material. The album is also known as "Music for Two Pianos", which is given as the album's name on the back cover and insert back, while "Taking a Line for a Second Walk" appears on the front cover, spine, and physical disc. The performers are identified on the front cover, and all of the booklet, as The Zoo II, and on the back cover as "The Zoo Duet". As one of the tracks on the album is "Lady in the Red Hat" from "A Zed & Two Noughts", also known as "Zoo", this is often seen as a reference to that film. A photograph of the duo is inside the booklet, two young women in black on a black background, leaving only their wedding banded-hands (which form the front cover design) and faces visible, with "The Zoo II" as the only caption. The pianists are identified as Helen Hodkinson and Brenda Russell in the Michael Nyman discography on the 1995 promotional compilation "Michael Nyman".
The album was reissued with a new cover and the "Music for Two Pianos" title by Signum Records on April 5, 2004 (May 25, 2004 in the U.S.). The artist is listed as "The Zoo Duet," but neither Hodkinson nor Russell are identified by name. This led some reviewers to assume that the piano was played by Nyman himself, using overdubs to play both parts.
The title work, which is partially influenced by 1950s rock and roll, takes up the first three tracks of the album (the second and third are identified as "(untitled)" in the reissue cover, and simply left blank in the original). The album also contains an expansion of the "Water Dances" for Peter Greenaway's film about synchronized swimming, "Making a Splash", which originally appeared on the album "The Kiss and Other Movements". The albums liner notes mention that this latter work invokes a chord progression from a madrigal by Claudio Monteverdi.

</doc>
<doc id="19174291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174291" title="Giglistock">
Giglistock

The Giglistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located south of Gadmen in the Bernese Oberland.

</doc>
<doc id="19174292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174292" title="Durham University School of Engineering and Computing Sciences">
Durham University School of Engineering and Computing Sciences

The School of Engineering and Computing Sciences (ECS) at Durham University is the Durham University department engaged in the teaching and research of Engineering and Computer Sciences. It was formed from the merger of the School of Engineering and the Department of Computer Science in 2009. Engineering research covers civil, mechanical, electrical and electronic engineering and Computer Science research groups cover topics within Algorithms and Complexity and Innovative Computing.
The School is a member of the Russell Group of research-led universities.
Undergraduate Courses.
The School offers four-year Master of Engineering programmes in both General Engineering and Computer Science. The School also offers three-year BSc in Computer Science and BEng in General Engineering. In all these programmes, the first two years are common to all students with the opportunity given for specialisation in later years, into civil, mechanical, aeronatics, electronic engineering and various areas of Computer Science.
Relevant undergraduate programmes are accredited by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, the Institution of Engineering and Technology and, through the Joint Board of Moderators, the Institution of Civil Engineers and the Institution of Structural Engineers. This means that the degrees offered by the School are recognised as meeting the academic requirements for progression to Chartered Engineer status. Computer Science BSc programmes are accredited by the British Computer Society
In 2014, The Times Good University Guide" ranked General Engineering 5/49 and ranked Computer Science 14/105 .

</doc>
<doc id="19174293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174293" title="Antoine-Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière">
Antoine-Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière

Antoine-Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière(22 January 1697, Namur - 3 October 1783, Paris), marquis de La Galaizière, chancellor of Lorraine was a French nobleman active at the court of Lorraine. He was one of the lovers of Marie Françoise Catherine de Beauvau-Craon.

</doc>
<doc id="19174305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174305" title="Tahaan">
Tahaan

Tahaan - A Boy With a Grenade (Hindi: तहान) is an Indian drama film by Santosh Sivan. The film is based on the life of a young boy and his pet donkey. It is a fable-like journey of the eponymous eight-year-old boy, whose life revolves around the pursuit to find real purpose in his little world. The film stars Purav Bhandare as the young boy. Anupam Kher, Sarika, Rahul Bose, Rahul Khanna and Victor Banerjee form the rest of the cast. It was filmed on location in Jammu and Kashmir.
Plot.
Tahaan (Purav Bhandare) lives with his grandfather (Victor Banerjee), mother Haba (Sarika) and older sister Zoya (Sana Shaikh) in the Kashmir valley. The family lives with the ardent hope that the boy's father, who's been missing for over three years, will return home. The death of the grandfather pushes them into financial crisis. The local moneylender and his manager (Rahul Khanna) take away the family's assets including Tahaan's donkey, Birbal, in lieu of an unpaid loan. While the rest of the family seeks redemption from the crises, Tahaan is determined to bring Birbal back home.
After salvaging money using various means, Tahaan reaches the moneylender to reclaim Birbal. He is told that old Subhan Darr (Anupam Kher) bought the donkey and went across the mountains in which Tahaan's father went missing. Gathering courage, Tahaan goes in search of the old man. He finds him and he follows Subhan and his assistant Zafar (Rahul Bose) and their mule train, leading Birbal despite their protests. Although Subhan promises to return Birbal to Tahaan if he can win a race against the incompetent Zafar, when he wins Subhan refuses to give him Birbal. Instead, Subhan gives the donkey to his eight-year-old nephew. Zafar tries to give Tahaan his sunglasses as a replacement for the donkey, but Tahaan will not accept the gift.
On his way back home, Tahaan encounters Idrees, a teenager who discourages him, saying that his efforts will not be sufficient to get Birbal back. Instead he suggests to do him a favor. Tahaan is asked to take a package across the mountains in his onward journey. Upon seeing his eagerness, Idrees hands him over a grenade and says that when the time is right, he will be told what needs to be done. At a checkpoint the package and grenade are not discovered due to the fact that the soldiers know and trust Subhan Darr. Tahaan is about to commit a terrorist act with the grenade and has already removed the pin, when he changes his mind and throws it safely in a river. He then sees his father emerge from the building he almost blew up.
Subhan's nephew learns that Tahaan is fond of Birbal, and at his request Subhan gives the donkey back to Tahaan.
Production.
After major commercial releases such as "The Terrorist" (1999), "Asoka" (2001), "Anandabhadram" (2005) and "Before the Rains" (2007), award-winning director Santosh Sivan got the idea for this film after reading a newspaper report. He formed a fable-like story from the report.
Since Kashmir is a strife-torn area, films are rarely picturized there. However in the case of this film, Sivan thought that audiences can relate it to the film well. It was only after 18 years that a film was filmed in Kashmir.
While filming in Pahalgam, Sivan realised to his surprise that children were comfortable with guns. It seemed to him that it was a part of everyday life for them. The film makes eloquent use of Quranic verses or "azaan", for which the director took help from research scholars in Kashmir.
When shooting there we only wanted to show the real life. I had heard some Quranic verses there at some Dargah. I thought I could use them to send a message of hope. I wanted to use the azaan for a nice purpose, a beautiful thing, not for any wrong deed... At the end I wanted to show the positive power of a dream.
Critical reception.
The film opened to generally positive reviews. Ziya Us Salam of "The Hindu" hailed the film as a 'visual poem' and "Responsible cinema, brilliant cinema." Raja Sen of Rediff gave it 4 out of 5 stars, calling it a "must-watch". Rajiv Masand of CNN-IBN called it a "film of great virtue" and gave 3 out of 5 stars. Baradwaj Rangan called it a "film of first-rate performances".
Festivals.
The film has gone to the following festivals:
Distribution.
"Tahaan" was picked up for US distribution by GKIDS. The film will play as the Centerpiece Selection of the MIAAC Indian Film Festival, as well as the Starz Denver Film Festival, the St Louis Film Festival, the Three Rivers Film Festival, and the New York/San Francisco International Children's Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19174308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174308" title="KEYG">
KEYG

KEYG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19174324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174324" title="Radlefshorn">
Radlefshorn

The Radlefshorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking Gadmen in the canton of Bern. On its southern side it overlooks the Trift Glacier and the lake of Trift.

</doc>
<doc id="19174353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174353" title="Carterocephalus silvicola">
Carterocephalus silvicola

The Northern Chequered Skipper "(Carterocephalus silvicola)" is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Northern Europe and North and East Asia.
The butterfly flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="19174356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174356" title="Nell Mercer">
Nell Mercer

Nell Mercer, from Norfolk, Virginia was a member of the Norfolk branch of the National Women's Party. She was a businesswoman. A member of the Silent Sentinels picketing Woodrow Wilson's White House for women's suffrage, she was arrested in February 1919 for her participation in a watchfire demonstration and sentenced to five days in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="19174357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174357" title="Mittagstock">
Mittagstock

The Mittagstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking the Göscheneralpsee in the canton of Uri. It lies on the chain that separates the Göschenertal from the Urserental.

</doc>
<doc id="19174367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174367" title="Kieron Achara">
Kieron Achara

Kieron Robert Achara (born 3 July 1983) is a professional basketball player, who represents the Great Britain team. He is a 6-10 (2.08m) forward who played collegiately at Duquesne University. 
Professional Career.
After graduating from Duquesne University Achara turned professional in 2008. He began his career abroad in Italy. He came back in the light of his home nation, Scotland in 2010 when he joined Scotland's only professional basketball team, the Glasgow Rocks. On 26 September 2010, Achara debuted for the Glasgow Rocks in a game against Sheffield Sharks, which they went on to win 80-76. Following two successful years in Spain Achara signed a short two week contract in 2012 with the Glasgow Rocks while he is looking for a long term contract.After this period he signed for his first club Falkirk Fury
International career.
Achara is the youngest player ever to play for the Scotland national side, featuring in the FIBA Europe Promotions Cup.
He made his debut for Great Britain team in 2008, shortly before turning professional. Achara was a part of the British Basketball team which took part in the London 2012 Olympics. He played a major role in the only victory of the Olympics for the team against China.
Personal.
His elder brother, Idris, who also plays basketball, represented Britain in basketball at the 2000 Paralympics at Athens, Greece. Kieron completed his undergraduate degree in management.

</doc>
<doc id="19174369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174369" title="KFLP">
KFLP

KFLP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19174383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174383" title="Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The K-2 event is raced by two-man canoe sprint kayaks. Heats and final took place on July 28.
Heats.
The 19 teams first raced in three heats. The top three teams in each heat advanced directly to the final.
Final.
The Finnish duo won the gold medal after studying a photo finish of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19174388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174388" title="Brighton Museum &amp; Art Gallery">
Brighton Museum &amp; Art Gallery

Brighton Museum & Art Gallery is a free-to-view municipally-owned public museum and art gallery in the city of Brighton and Hove in the South East of England. It is part of "Royal Pavilion & Museums, Brighton and Hove".
History.
The building which houses the collection is part of the Royal Pavilion Estate and was originally built for the Prince of Wales, later George IV and completed in 1805. It was initially intended as a tennis court but had never been finished, and later served as cavalry barracks.
After the death of George IV in 1830, his successor King William IV also stayed in the Pavilion on his visits to Brighton. However after Queen Victoria's last visit to Brighton in 1845, the Government planned to sell the building and grounds. However the Brighton Commissioners and the Brighton Vestry successfully petitioned the government to sell the Pavilion to the town for £53000 in 1850 under the Brighton Improvement (Purchase of the Royal Pavilion and Grounds) Act 1850.
In September 1851 it was announced that part of the Pavilion was to be appropriated for annual art exhibitions and two months later the first of these was held. The local talent to which it was confined included Frederick Nash and Copley Fielding. The room devoted to the exhibition was the original South Gallery, now the First Conference Room, but later the exhibitions even spread to the Great Kitchen.
The stable building of the Pavilion estate, adjacent to the current museum premises, was used as a museum as early as 1856. It is now the site of the Brighton Dome - a performing arts venue.
The museum and art gallery occupied its current situation in the building in 1902. A major refurbishment of the museum and art gallery costing £10 million occurred in 2002. As a result the traditional entrance to the museum and art gallery became the entrance of the Dome, the latter taking the museum's former entrance.
Collections.
Overview.
The Decorative Art, Natural Sciences and World Art collections are Designated collections which means they have been identified by the Museums, Libraries & Archives Council as collections of national and international importance (in a non-national museum service)

</doc>
<doc id="19174393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174393" title="Salbitschijen">
Salbitschijen

The Salbitschijen is a mountain in the Urner Alps, overlooking Göschenen in the canton of Uri. It lies at the southern extremity of the range of the Fleckistock.
It is famous for climbing for a long time, the ridges from the south being firstly climbed in 1935 while the western ridge, that was thought to be inaccessible to earlier climbers, was first climbed in 1948.
Only since 2009 the mountain hosts the suspension bridge "Salbitbrücke" in its western face, which makes it possible to do a hike around it without the use of climbing gear. Of course it is still an exposed path and most people will take along a safety equipment to pass the bridge and the following ridge. Such equipment can be hired at the nearby huts "Voralphütte" and "Salbithütte" of the Swiss Alpine Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19174407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174407" title="Chromium (disambiguation)">
Chromium (disambiguation)

Chromium is a chemical element.
Chromium may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19174421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174421" title="Bourne Publishing Group">
Bourne Publishing Group

Bourne Publishing Group (BPG) is a small publishing group based in Stamford, Lincolnshire, England. Founded in 1989 as an independent private publisher formed primarily to publish a new launch (the Shooting Gazette) but with the long-term objective of adding other titles.
BPG was started in offices in Bourne, Lincolnshire with three full-time staff members and a part-time secretary. It relocated to Stamford at the end of 1998 and there are now more than 35 employees and numerous freelancers.
Titles.
Other titles were added, including the CPSA’s PULL! magazine in 1990 and BASC’s Shooting & Conservation in 1992.
Your Cat.
Your Cat and Your Dog magazines were added under license from EMAP in 1999. The magazines were showing a slide in sales and ad revenues since successful launches, and EMAP felt that they were not of a size (or indeed subject matter) that fitted in with their strategies. 
Your Cat was launched in 1994. Other titles operating in the market are Cat World, a monthly publication, and Our Cats, a weekly title aimed at the showing side of cat ownership. 2004 marked the tenth anniversary of the Your Cat magazine.
Your Dog.
Your Dog was launched in 1995. Competitors in the market are Dogs Today, a monthly magazine and Our Dogs and Dogs World, two weekly papers aimed at the show circuit. In March 2008, Dogs Monthly was acquired by a new publisher and re-launched very much as a look alike to Your Dog. The title has continued to post circulation increases in the last three ABC (Audit Bureau of Circulations UK) audit periods.
In 2003, BPG purchased the titles from EMAP.
Horse & Pony.
Horse & Pony was re-launched in 2005 under a license agreement with EMAP after an absence of four years following their closure of the title when their focus was turned exclusively to Your Horse. As a youth equestrian magazine, Horse & Pony sponsors the Pony Club.
Fieldsports.
Fieldsports is the most recent publication to be launched by BPG, initially as a quarterly bookazine retailed exclusively through WH Smith before widening out through the rest of the news trade estate. It is aimed at the top end of the game shooting market and also includes game fishing for the average shot who swops gun for rod out of season.
The Scottish Sporting Gazette.
The Scottish Sporting Gazette & International Traveller was acquired by BPG from John Ormiston in 1998. This is a ‘coffee table’ annual which concentrates itself on all things Scottish. 
Websites.
BPG has remained a small specialist publisher, whose emphasis revolves around creating niche titles with a small workforce. As of January 2008, the company has invested heavily in online sites for its titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19174445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174445" title="Rhonestock">
Rhonestock

The Rhonestock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. It lies south of the Dammastock, between the Rhone Glacier and the Damma Glacier. 
The mountain is composed of two summits: the "Hinterer Rhonestock" (3,589 m) and the "Vorderer Rhonestock" (3,566 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19174448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174448" title="Al-Qaeda involvement in Africa">
Al-Qaeda involvement in Africa

Al-Qaeda has conducted operations and recruited members in Africa. It has included a number of bombing attacks in North Africa and supporting parties in civil wars in Eritrea and Somalia. From 1991 to 1996, Osama bin Laden and other al-Qaeda leaders were based in Sudan.
Algeria.
An insurgency is being waged by the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (which is called today as the al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb) against the Algerian government. It is a spin-off to the Algerian Civil War that ended in 2002, and has been linked to bombings in Algiers, Batna and Dellys in 2007.
The group has declared its intention to attack Algerian, French, American and Spanish targets. It has been designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the U.S. Department of State, and similarly classed as a terrorist organization by the European Union.
Eritrea.
As soon as the allied Somali and Ethiopian forces drove the Islamic Courts Union (ICU) out of Somalia in January 2007, U.S. accused Eritrea of providing safe haven for some of their leadership. America also condemned Eritrea since it continued to "fund, arm, train and advise the insurgents" attacking the Somalia government. According to a regional Somali government, some Eritrean soldiers were also sighted working with Arab and al-Qaeda fighters against the Somalian government, and the foreign alliance attacked government positions. 
In 2007 there were reports that the Eritrean government is sheltering the leadership of the insurgency in Somalia. The United Nations continued to report of Eritrean assistance to Somalis with alleged links to al-Qaeda. Accordingly, the UN Security Council said that Eritrea has secretly supplied "huge quantities of arms" to a Somali insurgent group with alleged ties to al Qaeda, in violation of an international arms embargo and despite the deployment of African peacekeepers" adding that it has been "provided to the al-Shabaab (an extremist group which emerged within the ICU’s armed forces and is led by a kinsman and protégé of the ICU council leader Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys, Aden Hashi Farah "Eyrow", who trained in Afghanistan with al-Qaeda before returning to Somalia after 9/11) by and through Eritrea" since December 2006. Sheikh Aweys himself and other members of the Islamic Courts Union who are wanted by the U.S. over suspected links to al-Qaeda (the UN has Sheikh Aweys on a list of individuals "belonging to or associated with" al Qaeda, which he denies) organized a congress in Eritrea to strengthen their militant opposition to the Somalia transitional government.
Kenya.
In 2002 another successful terrorist attack in Kenya after the U.S. embassy bombing, a car bomb attack on a Mombasa resort hotel popular among Israeli tourists claimed the lives of 15 people. The hotel bombing occurred 20 minutes after a failed attack on an airplane, when a terrorist fired an SA-7 man-portable air-defense system against an Israeli airliner carrying 261 passengers, which was taking off from the airport; the missile seemingly failed to track its target, nor did it detonate, and landed in an empty field.
Libya.
On 3 November 2007, al-Zawahiri claimed in a 28-minute recording posted on an Islamic website that "... members of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group announce that they are joining the al-Qaeda group ..." According to Al Jazeera, Abu al-Laith appeared to be the leader of the new Libyan wing. Fighting Islamic Group first announced its presence in 1995, vowing to overthrow Muammar Gaddafi, the Libyan leader. In 2001, the group was added to a UN list of individuals and institutions "belonging to, or associated with, al-Qaeda".
Abdelhakim Belhadj, a prominent rebel commander during the 2011 Libyan civil war, in an interview with the Italian newspaper Il Sole 24 Ore admit that many of his recruits had al-Qaeda links. One of the major factions within the Libyan National Liberation Army was the Libyan Islamic Movement. The group, formerly known as the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group, is well known to have had links to Maghreb faction of al-Qaeda. 
On 1 November 2011, less than a month after the death of Muammar Gaddafi, the al-Qaeda flag was seen flying off the roof of a courthouse in Benghazi's city center. 
The extent of al-Qaeda's involvement is not yet known. Concerns have been voiced about what role MI6 played in collaborating with the Libyan Islamic Movement. The White House Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan said "I'm concerned about what is going on inside of Libya because there's been a fair amount of disorder and upheaval in the country", "The weapons stock piles - whether we're talking about missile systems or we're talking about automatic weapons - these are things that we and our European allies are working very closely with the TNC National Council and Libyan authorities to get some control over. It's a big country, there were a lot of weapons depots that were scattered throughout the country and we're working again with the TNC and Europeans as well as the regional states. [...] (we are) very concerned about making sure that we do everything possible to prevent al-Qaeda from acquiring these weapons and threatening them.".
Somalia.
In February 2012, al-Shabaab officially pledged loyalty to Al-Qaeda. In an audio message to Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri, the al-Shabaab leader said: "On behalf of the soldiers and the commanders in al-Shabaab, we pledge allegiance to you. So lead us to the path of jihad and martyrdom that was drawn by our imam, the martyr Osama." 
Activities of al-Qaeda in Somalia are alleged to have begun as early as 1992. The organization's role during the course of the 1992–1994 UN missions was limited to a handful of trainers. Ali Mohamed and other al-Qaeda members purportedly trained forces loyal to warlord Mohammed Farah Aidid. Osama bin Laden himself claimed in an interview with ABC's John Miller to have sent al-Qaeda operatives to Somalia. One of the al-Qaeda fighters present during the interview claimed to have personally slit the throats of three American soldiers in Somalia. Mark Bowden, author of "Black Hawk Down", states the terrorist organization did train some of Aidid's men, but they were not personally part of the fight with US forces in the 1993 battle of Mogadishu.
Al-Qaeda was also linked to militant Islamic Courts Union (ICU) front in Somalia. It is believed several terrorist attacks were orchestrated from Ras Kamboni, in the extreme southern tip of Somalia adjacent to Kenya, including the 1998 United States embassy bombings and the 2002 Mombasa hotel bombing. On June 22, 2006, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer announced the U.S. was seeking the assistance of the ICU in the apprehension of suspects who carried out attacks against its East African embassies and a hotel in Kenya. She listed the following persons as suspected of being in Somalia (name and nationality): Fazul Abdullah Mohamed (Comoros), Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan (Kenya), and Abu Taha al-Sudan (Sudan). When the ICU did not cooperate, the U.S. first financed the rival warlord factions, and then followed with limited air strikes as the ICU rule in Mogadishu fell in the face of Ethiopian Army assault. The Pentagon said a high level al-Qaeda member from the ICU was captured in Somalia and transferred to the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay.
After the dissolution of the ICU, Al-Qaeda reportedly established strong ties with the Al-Shabaab splinter group.
In September 2009, it is thought that the Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan was killed during a military raid in Somalia. He was a top Al-Qaeda suspect and was thought to be responsible for attacks on a hotel in Kenya and on an Israeli airliner in 2002.
Sudan.
In 1991, Sudan's National Islamic Front, an Islamist group that had recently gained power, invited al-Qaeda to move operations to Sudan. For several years, al-Qaeda operated several businesses (including import/export, farm, and construction firms) in what might be considered a period of financial consolidation. The group built a major 1200-km (845-mi) highway connecting the capital Khartoum with Port Sudan. However, they also ran a number of camps where they trained operatives in the use of firearms and explosives.
In 1996, Osama bin Laden was asked to leave Sudan after the United States put the regime under extreme pressure to expel him, citing possible connections to the 1994 attempted assassination of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak while his motorcade was in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Controversy exists regarding whether Sudan offered to turn bin Laden over to the U.S. prior to the expulsion. There is an audio tape (Audio) (Transcript) recording of former President Bill Clinton talking about the offer from the Sudanese government. There are conflicting reports on whether the Sudanese government indeed made such an offer, but they were in fact prepared to turn him over to Saudi Arabia, who declined to take him. 
Osama bin Laden finally left Sudan in a well-executed operation, arriving at Jalalabad, Afghanistan by air in late 1996 with over 200 of his supporters and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="19174471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174471" title="Schneestock">
Schneestock

The Schneestock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. It lies north of the Dammastock, between the Rhone Glacier and the Damma Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19174486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174486" title="East of Sudan">
East of Sudan

East of Sudan is a 1964 British adventure film directed by Nathan Juran and featuring Anthony Quayle, Sylvia Syms and Derek Fowlds. 
Plot.
During the height of the Mahdist insurrection in the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan, veteran colonial private Baker teams up with freshly arrived gentleman Murchison, trying to evacuate from southern Barash the emir's daughter Asua and her British governess, Margret Woodville. Over the course of the journey, the group find themselves in perilous dangers of the Nile and its banks. Facing off nature, Arab slavers and a backward Negro tribe they prey on, they are saved by King Gondoko's missionary-raised brother Kimrasi, who then joins them. Once in the capital Khartoum, they find the revolt has reached it and the men join the fight...
Filming.
All of the large-scale action scenes are taken from the 1939 film "The Four Feathers", and the 1956 films "Odongo" and "Safari".
Reception.
"East of Sudan" currently holds an average two-and a half star rating (4.9/10) on IMDb.

</doc>
<doc id="19174492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174492" title="Eggstock">
Eggstock

The Eggstock (3,556 m) is a minor prominence of the Uri Alps, forming the northern pillar of the Dammastock on the border between the cantons of Valais and Uri. The tripoint between the cantons of Bern, Valais and Uri (3,500 m) is located 600 m west of the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="19174494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174494" title="François-Antoine Devaux">
François-Antoine Devaux

François-Antoine Devaux (12 December 1712, Lunéville - 11 April 1796, or 22 germinal year IV, Lunéville) was a Lorraine (and, after 1766, French) poet and man of letters. He was called "Panpan" by his friends.
Life.
Devaux trained as a lawyer and worked briefly for a lawyer cousin in Nancy. He soon quit to live with his parents in Lunéville, resisting their efforts to make him marry and earn a living. His dream was to become a writer, an ambition encouraged by his friend Françoise de Graffigny, who became his sponsor in the court society of Lorraine. They collaborated on several literary projects and confided in each other about their problems, both financial and emotional. In the 1730s Devaux wrote a one-act prose play, called "Les Portraits", which was accepted by the Comédie-Française; but the troupe stalled on performing the play, and for about fifteen years Devaux struggled to get it staged.
In 1737, the duke of Lorraine, François Étienne, signed away his duchy to France, in exchange for French support for his marriage to Maria Theresa of Austria. The court of Lorraine, which had been presided over by Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans, widow of Leopold I of Lorraine, was dispersed, and Stanislas Leszczynski, former king of Poland and father-in-law of Louis XV of France, was made duke of Lorraine. As a result, Françoise de Graffigny left Lorraine for Paris, and her intermittent correspondence with Devaux became an almost daily record of both their lives, until her death in 1758. She used her influence for his benefit, getting him a post as a revenue collector in 1741, helping secure his election to the Académie de Nancy in 1752, obtaining for him a sinecure as reader to King Stanislas, and thanks to her success as a playwright, persuading the actors to produce his play, which had been retitled "Les Engagements indiscrets". It had its premiere on 26 October 1752. The performance was intended to coincide with the ceremony of Devaux's reception into the Académie de Nancy (now called the Académie de Stanislas), when he delivered his "Discours sur l’esprit philosophique", but the indisposition of one of the actors delayed it. Françoise de Graffigny also supervised the publication of the play in 1753.
Relations between the two friends became strained in the 1750s, although they continued to correspond. Devaux made several trips to Paris in the entourage of a new patron, Marie Françoise Catherine de Beauvau-Craon, marquise de Boufflers, who was the mistress of King-Duke Stanislas and had many other lovers, although Devaux was not one of them. He inherited Françoise de Graffigny's papers at her death, but never undertook the project of editing them—another dream they had shared was that their correspondence would rival that of Madame de Sévigné. He preserved the collection, however, and Françoise de Graffigny's letters are now being edited by a team headed by J. A. Dainard. They do in fact rival those of Madame de Sévigné. Devaux's letters from 1738 until the summer of 1751 form part of the manuscript collection, and are quoted extensively in the notes.
From 1758 until his own death in 1796, Devaux lived an idle life in Lunéville, frequenting the houses of noble families of Lorraine, attending sessions of the Académie de Nancy, and writing occasional verse. He survived to be the senior member of the Académie de Nancy, but published nothing more in his lifetime. The manuscripts of many of his poems are now in the Bibliothèque municipale de Nancy, and a generous selection of them, along with his play and his discourse, were edited and published by Angela Consiglio in 1977.
It has long been assumed that because eighteenth-century France was a notoriously libertine era, and because Devaux was befriended by several attractive women, he must have been having affairs with them. The truth is more interesting. He was bi-sexual; the greatest passion he talked to Françoise de Graffigny about was his infatuation with another man, Nicolas-François Liébault. He was eventually coaxed into a sexual relationship by his neighbor, Barbe Lemire, and he occasionally slept with an actress friend, Clairon Lebrun. With great ladies like the marquise de Boufflers, however, he was terrified; he thought he was ugly, and performance anxiety caused erectile dysfunction, as one would say now. He wrote all this to Françoise de Graffigny. As for their own relations, she said: "Je n'avais jamais pensé que tu fusses un homme et tu n'avais jamais pensé que je fusse une femme." (I had never thought you were a man and you had never thought I was a woman.)

</doc>
<doc id="19174513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174513" title="Al-Qaeda involvement in Europe">
Al-Qaeda involvement in Europe

Al-Qaeda claimed responsibility for bombings in London and Madrid. In the early 1990s, some members of al-Qaeda had participated with the Bosnian mujahideen, including 9/11 hijackers Khalid al-Mihdhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi. And in August 2009 militants linked with Al-Qaeda claimed that they were planning a "spectacular attack" in Britain.
United Kingdom.
In 2003 Tony Blair sent armoured vehicles and hundreds of troops to London Heathrow Airport because the UK security services claimed there was a planned Al-Qaeda attack. MI5 said they received detailed intelligence in February 2003 about a plot to hijack planes flying from Eastern Europe and to fly them into Heathrow, to punish the United Kingdom for supporting the Iraq War.
On July 7, 2005, four members of Al-Qaeda, three of British Pakistani descent and one of British Jamaican descent attacked London's public transport. Three bombs were detonated on the London Underground and one on a double decker bus. The attacks took place between 8:50 am and 9:47 am. 56 people died during the attacks (including 4 terrorists) and around 700 were injured. The attack occurred the day after the city was selected to host the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In September 2009 Tanvir Hussain, Assad Sarwar and Ahmed Abdullah Ali were convicted of conspiring to activate bombs disguised as drinks on 7 aircraft leaving from London and going to North America. British and US security officials said the plan – unlike many recent homegrown European terrorist plots – was directly linked to al-Qaeda and guided by senior Islamist militants in Pakistan.
North Caucasus.
In August 2009 it was reported that during a raid the Russian police had killed an Algerian-born militant in Dagestan who according to the Federal Security Service, was ""the Al-Qaeda co-ordinator in Dagestan"". The militant was an Algerian national known as "Doctor Mohammed" and was thought to be a member of the 'Jamaat Shariat of Dagestan'
Italy.
In May 2009 two French nationals were detained by Italian police due to suspected immigration offences however they are now suspected of being key Al-Qaeda figures. It is thought that they had planned to attack Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris, France. Italian police stated that they are "two leading men for the communication of al-Qaeda in Europe".
Spain.
The March 11, 2004 Islamist terrorist attack in Madrid (Spain), killed 191 people and wounded more than 2,000. The terror cell had links to Al Qaeda. It was the worst Islamist attack in European history.
On August 2, 2012 were arrested three members of al Qaeda in Ciudad Real and Cadiz, suspected of wanting attacks in Spain or other European countries. Intended attempt at a mall in Cadiz with teleridigidas aircraft loaded with explosives. At the time of the arrest of one of the jihadists opposed a "huge resistance, using their military training" and had to be reduced by the police. 
Also there have been arrests since 2004 - 2013.
Germany.
In September 2009 security measures were heightened in response to a direct threat against Germany, through an Al-Qaeda video, the threat came about due to German participation in the Afghanistan war Osama Bin Laden stated:
France.
In October 2009 a physicist of Algerian descent working for CERN was arrested due to his links with Al-Qaeda. Officials said he had been in contact with people linked to al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and planned attacks. He later admitted to corresponding with Al-Qaeda members located in North Africa over the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19174516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174516" title="Tal Friedman">
Tal Friedman

Tal Friedman (; born 20 December 1963) is an Israeli comedian, actor and musician.
Biography.
Friedman was born in Kiryat Ata, Israel, in 1963. His father was a holocaust survivor. 
He served in the Israeli Sea Corps on a missile boat during the 1982 Lebanon War. He studied acting at Tel Aviv University, where he met Moshe Furster, with whom he put on his first act, "Alilot Moshe Ba'ir Hagdola" ("Moshe's adventures in the city"). During that time he also performed in several plays. His film appearances include "Driks' Brother" (1994), "Right Back" (1997), "Riki Riki" (2005), "Joy" (2005) and "Schwartz Dynasty" (2005).
His television career began with the "Tal and Moshe" with Furster, followed by a scheduled time in the program "Zehu Ze!", "Tzafdina Mearahat" ("Tzafdina hosting") and "Shaaruria" ("Scandal"). In 1999 he began a late night show titled "Halomot BeHaKitzis" with Eyal Kitzis, and the two moved on to the show "Heaven or Hell". In 2004 they both joined the cast of "Eretz Nehederet". In 2007 they also cooperated in the "Logi" children channel.
Friedman is married to Iris and has three children. He lives in Kiryat Tiv'on. In recent years, he has been leading a band named "Tal Friedman and the Krayot". He is an amateur meteorologist.
In 2005, he was voted the 30th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.

</doc>
<doc id="19174521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174521" title="Tiefenstock">
Tiefenstock

The Tiefenstock (3,515 m) is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. Its summit is the tripoint between the valleys of the Rhone Glacier (in Valais), the Damma Glacier and the Tiefen Glacier (both in Uri).

</doc>
<doc id="19174544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174544" title="Marie-Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon">
Marie-Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon

Marie-Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon, by marriage Countess of Boufflers (1724 – 1800), was a French lady of letters and salon hostess. Nicknamed ""l'idole"" by Madame du Deffand, she was a lady in waiting to the Duchesse de Chartres and a mistress of Chartres' brother, the Prince de Conti.
Life.
Marie-Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon was born in Rouen, the daughter of Charles-François de Saujon, Baron de la Rivère, and Louis-Angélique de Barberin de Reignac. She married Comte Édouard de Boufflers-Rouverel, cavalry captain in the régiment de Bellefonds, on 15 February 1746. They had one child, Louis-Édouard de Boufflers-Rouverel (1746-1795). Shortly after her marriage, she became lady in waiting to the Duchesse de Chartres. At the Palais-Royal, she got to know the duchess' brother, the Prince de Conti, and soon became his mistress.
After an argument with the powerful Orléans family, she installed herself at a small hôtel particulier in enclos du Temple, next to the palace of the Grand Prior. Until 1789, she held a salon there, the main focus of Paris' then Anglomania. She received Encyclopédistes like Denis Diderot, David Hume, Grimm, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, the abbé Prévost, the abbé Morellet, and Beaumarchais. Surrounded and fêted by learned society, Madame du Deffand nicknamed her "l'idole". Under the influence of the Encyclopédistes, the countess became author of some works of literature and light poetry.
In 1763, she went to London during the peace negotiations to accompany the wife of the French ambassador, Madame d'Usson. There she was fêted once again and met Samuel Johnson and Horace Walpole, who she received in Paris and at the Château de Stors, granted to her by the Prince de Conti after the death of Mme Panneau d'Arty in 1765.
She ignored Versailles, first going there in 1750 on the death of her father-in-law, and was only officially presented there in 1770, by her then lover the Maréchale de Luxembourg (Marshal of Luxembourg).
On her husband's death in October 1764, she hoped to marry her lover Louis François, 6th Prince de Conti but in the end had to give up this dream due to his lack of interest.
In 1773, the Comtesse de Boufflers bought a country house at Auteuil to which she retired on the death of the Prince de Conti in 1776. The old Temple circle met until 1789. She acted as an agent for King Gustav III of Sweden. According to tradition she arranged the 1786 marriage between Germaine Necker and the Swedish ambassador Erik Magnus Staël von Holstein (Baron de Staël).
Among her houses was the Château de La Rivière à Fronsac (she sold it in 1794).
Arrested during the Reign of Terror, she was acquitted by the Revolutionary Tribunal.
She wrote several poems and works of literature.
Her son Louis-Édouard de Boufflers-Rouverel (1746-1795) married Amelie Constance des Alleurs.

</doc>
<doc id="19174557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174557" title="Al-Qaeda involvement in Asia">
Al-Qaeda involvement in Asia

Al Qaeda involvement in Asia . It is believed that members of Al-Qaeda are in hiding along the border of Afghanistan and northwest sections of Pakistan.
On February 3, 2009, the government of Saudi Arabia published a list of 85 suspected terrorists.
The Saudi government believed that all of these men were living outside of Saudi Arabia, and encouraged them to surrender themselves at the closest Saudi Embassy. Many of those named on the list were believed to be in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19174558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174558" title="Flame in the Streets">
Flame in the Streets

Flame in the Streets is a 1961 film directed by Roy Ward Baker and based on the 1958 play "Hot Summer Night" by Ted Willis.
Synopsis.
Racial tensions manifest themselves at home, work and on the streets during Bonfire Night in the burgeoning West Indian community of post-war Britain. Trades Union leader Jacko Palmer fights for the rights of a black worker but struggles with the news that his own daughter, Kathie, is planning to marry a West Indian, much against his own logic and the hysterical prejudice of his wife Nell.
Play.
"Hot Summer Night" premiered at the Bournemouth Pavilion on 29 September 1958, subsequently reaching the New Theatre (now the Noël Coward Theatre) in London's West End on 26 November. It ran for 53 performances, closing on 10 January 1959. Directed by Peter Cotes, the cast comprised John Slater (Jacko), Joan Miller (Nell), Andrée Melly (Kathie), Lloyd Reckord (Sonny Lincoln), Harold Scott (Old Man Palmer), Joyce Howard (Judy Gomez) and Richard Walter (Frank Stephens).
"After a leisurely start," noted "The Stage", "the play builds up into a passionate, almost violent piece of theatre," though in "The Spectator" Alan Brien called the play "Ted Willis's new dramatic pamphlet" and suggested that it failed to rise "above the level of the living newspaper." In later years Peter Cotes called the play "one of the first pieces about relationships between black and white people," noting that it "reaped a fine press in a limited run and Willis was treated with more respect as a stage playwright than he had ever been before." By Willis's own account, "Another less pleasant reaction came in the form of some hate mail."
Three weeks after the play's closure, it was televised on 1 February 1959 as part of the ATV series "Armchair Theatre". The director was Ted Kotcheff and the West End cast was retained, with the exception of Joan Miller, whose role was taken by Ruth Dunning. According to "The Stage", "The production ... was shot mostly in close-up giving greater emphasis to black and white."
Film.
The film version, "Flame in the Streets", was produced at Pinewood Studios by the Rank Organisation, with Willis moving the action from the 'hot summer night' of the play to Guy Fawkes Night; filming began, appropriately, on 5 November 1960. Willis also added two characters, Gabriel Gomez and Harry Mitchell, who are only referred to in the play, and opened out the action to include a nocturnal street brawl in the final reel. Producer-director Roy Ward Baker made the film in CinemaScope, with a cast headed by John Mills, Sylvia Syms, Brenda De Banzie, Earl Cameron and Johnny Sekka.
The new title recalled Willis's earlier play "No Trees in the Street", which had itself been filmed two years before. "Flame in the Streets" opened in London on 22 June 1961, with general release following on 9 July. "Daily Herald" critic Paul Dehn called it a "terrifying and ferocious film", whereas in "The Spectator" Isabel Quigley observed that "its impact is mild," conceding that "the obvious visual comparison between the outward and inward flames and fireworks" was effectively handled. Willis's script was nominated for a 'Best British Screenplay' BAFTA award, as well as being novelised by John Burke for Four Square Books.
In his autobiography (published in 2000), Roy Ward Baker noted that the film had recently been shown at a Brixton cinema "to mark the 50th anniversary of the arrival in Britain of the steamer "Windrush", bringing Caribbeans to work here... Some of the older ones the audience testified that it was a true picture of the conditions the incomers faced and in some areas still do face."

</doc>
<doc id="19174578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174578" title="Emmanuelle Schick Garcia">
Emmanuelle Schick Garcia

Emmanuelle Schick Garcia was born in the south of France to a Spanish mother and a Canadian father. At the age of three her family moved to Vancouver, Canada where she grew up. Her father, Doug Schick, was a professional rugby player who competed for teams in Wales and France, and represented Canada in international competitions.
Emmanuelle was a seven time Spanish Junior Swim Champion and record holder. and Spain She was a world ranked swimmer at the age of fifteen and represented Spain at the 8 Nations Cup (1992) in Sweden and the European Junior Swimming Championships (1992) in England. She competed in the finals at the 1992, 1996 and 200 Spanish Olympic Trials for CN Ferca (Valencia), Real Canoe NC (Madrid) and Club Natacio Sabadell (Catalunya).
At sixteen, Schick Garcia directed a play that was presented at Vancouver's Theatre Festival. At eighteen, she earned a swimming scholarship to University of California, Los Angeles where she received a B.A. in Art History. During her time at UCLA she was also a student-athlete activist and a journalist for the Daily Bruin.
She was awarded "Outstanding UCLA Swimming Freshman" in 1996 and the UCLA swim team "Bruin Pride" award in 1998 and 1999. She was ranked sixth all-time in the 200 IM and eighth in the 400 IM on UCLA's all time best times in 1996, and was the swim team co-captain in 1999. She was the swimmer featured in the 2000 TAG Heuer link watch advertisements which appeared in Vogue Magazine, Harper's Bazaar, Elle Magazine, among others. 
She received a M.F.A. in film production (directing) at UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television where she was awarded the Motion Picture Association of America Award and the Mary Pickford Award for Excellence in documentary filmmaking. Her UCLA thesis film "La Petite Morte" won three film festival awards for Best Documentary 
Her films "Cancer" and "A Safe Place" were screened as official selections at Les Films du Monde, Montreal. She directed the 'making of' Richard Bohringer's "C'est Beau Une Ville La Nuit", and "20 Ans Déjà" with French rugby star Denis Charvet. In 2009 she wrote, directed and coproduced (with Laila Tahhar) the feature length documentary "The Idiot Cycle" which won the 2010 Green Report Award.
She appears as "Françoise" in Juliana Hatfield's memoir "When I Grow Up". She was a member of the Canadian experimental band Japanese Pop Songs who were named one of Vancouver's best unsigned bands in 2007.
She has written articles in French and English for Slate, and The Advocate, among other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="19174581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174581" title="Greatworth">
Greatworth

Greatworth is a village and civil parish about north-west of Brackley, Northamptonshire, England.
History.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Peter was built in the 13th century and the bell tower was added in about 1300. The architect H.R. Gough rebuilt the chancel arch in 1882. In 2005 a new ring of six bells was hung in the tower. St. Peter's parish is now part of the Chenderit benefice.
Greatworth Manor House burned down in 1793, and only its ornate gatepiers remain.
In the 19th century a branch of the Stratford on Avon and Midland Junction Railway was built past Greatworth, joining the Banbury to Verney Junction Branch Line at Cockley Brake Junction south of the village. British Railways closed the branch line in the middle of the 20th century.
RAF Greatworth.
In 1949* the Air Ministry bought land from Balliol College, Oxford to create RAF Greatworth, which was an RAF Radio Communications station from early in the 1950s until 1988. 
In 1973 the station had a selection of HF radio transmitters, including the Marconi HS31 (6 kW), HS51 (30 kW), HS71 (12 kW) and the Marconi MST (Marconi Self Tuner) 1200 (30 kW). There was also a selection of Racal Speedrace transmitters, one of which offered remote control of frequency and aerial parameters from Systems Control. The aerial farm hosted steerable Log Periodic antennae, dipoles, rhombics and bicones – all types of HF antenna. A 24 hour watch system, each consisting of an RAF Sergeant, a Junior Technician (JT), a Senior Aircraftman (SAC) and a civilian Radio Technician was maintained which carried out preventive and corrective maintenance and also re-tuned the transmitters and their drive units as directed by Systems Control at RAF Stanbridge.
After closure the site was leased to the USAF until it was handed back to the Ministry of Defence in February 1992. The site is now Greatworth Park trading estate, for which the original RAF buildings have been retained and extended
Amenities.
Greatworth has a post office, a social club and a primary school.
Greatworth has one public house, The Inn, controlled by the Hook Norton Brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="19174587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174587" title="List of Chaconne stagings">
List of Chaconne stagings

This is a chronological list of stagings of New York City Ballet co-founder and balletmaster George Balanchine's Chaconne, made to Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice". 

</doc>
<doc id="19174598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174598" title="Comhairle nan Eilean Siar election, 2007">
Comhairle nan Eilean Siar election, 2007

Elections to Comhairle nan Eilean Siar (Western Isles council) were held on 3 May 2007, the same day as the other Scottish local government elections and the Scottish Parliament general election. The election was the first one using 9 new wards created as a results of the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, each ward elected three or four councillors using the single transferable vote system a form of proportional representation. The new wards replaced 31 single-member wards which used the plurality (first past the post) system of election.
The large majority of the seats were held by independent candidates, similar to other predominately rural Scottish councils. The Scottish National Party and Scottish Labour Party had a small representation each, and the Scottish Liberal Democrats stood four candidates, all of whom were unsuccessful.
Ward results.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="19174602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174602" title="Grassengrat">
Grassengrat

The Grassengrat is a multi-summited mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Uri in Central Switzerland. It lies on the range between the Titlis and the Gross Spannort. The main summit has an elevation of 2,941 metres and is named "Stössenstock".

</doc>
<doc id="19174616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174616" title="Innsbruck Hauptbahnhof">
Innsbruck Hauptbahnhof

Innsbruck Hauptbahnhof (German for "Innsbruck Main station"; sometimes called "Innsbruck Central Station") is the main railway station in Innsbruck, the capital city of the Austrian federal state of Tyrol. Opened in 1853, it is one of the country's busiest railway stations, with around 25,000 passenger movements daily.
The station is owned and operated by the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB). It forms the junction between the Arlberg railway, the Brenner railway, the Mittenwald railway, the Stubai Valley railway and the Lower Inn Valley railway.
Location.
Innsbruck Hauptbahnhof is situated in Südtiroler Platz, at the south eastern edge of the city centre.
History.
The planning of a railway line in the Tyrolean region began in 1850. Three years later, Emperor Franz Joseph I approved the route from Innsbruck to Wörgl, and a year later its continuation to the border at Kufstein. Franz Czwerwenka, head of the civil construction department, designed the station, which included one of the most beautiful station buildings in the Austrian Empire.
With the opening of the line between Kufstein and Innsbruck, the station was put into operation. It was then still in the midst of meadows and fields. The station assumed greater importance with the commissioning of the Brenner railway (then part of the "Südbahn") in 1867, and the Arlberg railway in 1883, for which the Innsbruck West railway station was created. By the 1880s, due to the heavy train traffic over the Brenner Pass, the station had become too small, so the station building and the train shed were rebuilt.
On 1 January 1924, the ÖBB took over the Austrian lines of the "Südbahngesellschaft". In 1927, the station was therefore adapted to increased traffic, and rebuilt. The departure hall was frescoed by Rudolf Stolz, platforms were connected with pedestrian underpasses, and cheaper platform roofs replaced the train shed. At the same time, the Operations Directorate was housed in the "Clock Tower Building" (so called because of a small clock tower at the top), which was located in the north wing, and still exists today.
At the end of World War II, the station was completely destroyed by Allied bombing. An ÖBB architect later combined various designs of well known architects to create a plain, functional replacement station building in the style of the 1950s. In 1954, the Austrian artist Max Weiler was awarded the contract for the design of the large departure hall, which became controversial because of the abstract representation of Innsbruck's history and present displayed in its pair of murals.
During the 1980s, the station received minor alterations, but by then was no longer up to date. As part of its "Bahnhofsoffensive" launched in 1997, the ÖBB therefore decided to construct a replacement station building.
The new structure was designed by the architects Riegler Riewe. Its groundbreaking ceremony took place in 2001, and the official opening was on 19 May 2004. The rebuilding project included the renovation of the 1920s clock tower building, which now houses a police station, amongst other things. The total construction costs for the project amounted to €25 million.
Station building.
The central component of the present station building is the main hall, which extends through to the basement, with access to the platforms through two tunnels (north tunnel and south tunnel). There is also access from the main hall to the underground parking station (and then, via another pedestrian tunnel, to the Hotel Europa and escalators to the bus and tram terminals), and, via an additional pedestrian tunnel, to the bus station and local shops. On its northern side, the station building adjoins an office building.
The striking frescoes by Max Weiler, together with a few centimetres of underlying masonry, were removed from the 1950s station building in one piece and remounted in the new concourse.
Almost simultaneously with the construction of the new station building, a public transport hub was created in the station forecourt, which is paved with a red-colored asphalt (and nicknamed "Red Square"). The new hub serves the Innsbruck tramway network, regional and urban bus lines, and the narrow gauge Stubai Valley railway. At the time it was created, a rail junction was built at the southern end of the square for a proposed new tram route towards the south, but construction of the new route itself was deferred.
Other facilities.
The station has eight through tracks. Of these, platform 1 is accessible at ground level as "home platform", and platform 8 is accessible from the East (only) for loading cars onto motorail trains.
Additionally, there are four bay platforms (platforms 21-22, 31 and 41), for regional passenger traffic via the Mittenwald railway, the Arlberg railway and the Brenner railway.
The Hauptbahnhof complex includes the Frachtenbahnhof Innsbruck, which, amongst other facilities, lost much of its importance when the Innsbruck goods train bypass (Inntaltunnel) was completed in 1994. It now stands to be partially transformed in the course of urban development into a residential area.
The shunting yard of the Innsbruck railway junction is located at Hall in Tirol.
Services.
Significance.
The station is important for commuter traffic to and from the Tyrolean provincial capital, and in providing a hub function for east-west traffic ((Budapest) – Vienna – Salzburg – Wörgl – Innsbruck (Zürich) / Bregenz) and north-south traffic (Munich – Wörgl – Innsbruck – Bolzano – Verona – (Milan / Venice / Rome )).
Since December 2007, the station has also been the focal point of Tyrol S-Bahn lines , and , and a terminus of lines and .
The railway line between Baumkirchen (about east of Innsbruck Hauptbahnhof) and Wörgl Hauptbahnhof (known as the Lower Inn Valley railway) is one of the busiest railway lines in Austria (up to 430 trains a day) and is therefore currently being rebuilt as a four track line, as part of the TEN Berlin–Palermo axis. In Wörgl Hauptbahnhof, the railway line divides into a northern branch via Kufstein to Salzburg and Munich, and an eastern branch via Zell am See to Salzburg, Graz and Klagenfurt (Gisela Railway).
Bus services.
Innsbruck Hauptbahnhof is the hub of IVB, the bus and tram operator of Innsbruck. Most of the lines have a stop at "Hauptbahnhof". With the bus line "F", the station is connected to Innsbruck Airport. From the station forecourt there are departing not only city lines but also regional lines to different destinations in all directions.
External links.
This article is based upon a translation of the German-language version as at July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19174617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174617" title="HM Prison Huntercombe">
HM Prison Huntercombe

HM Prison Huntercombe is a Category C men's prison, located near Nuffield in Oxfordshire, England. Huntercombe is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Huntercombe was built as an Internment Camp during World War II. After the war the site opened as a prison in 1946. The site has seen renovation over the years so that very few wartime buildings remain today. Previously the prison had held adult males and was a Borstal to up to 1983, but in 2000 Huntercombe became a cellular prison for male juveniles aged 15 to 18.
An October 2002 report by Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons heavily criticised Huntercombe for being severely overcrowded. The report described the prison as unsafe and recommended a large reduction in prisoners being held there.
In April 2007 a report from the Independent Monitoring Board stated that Huntercombe was failing in its central purpose to rehabilitate inmates. The report also criticised the fact that prisoners with serious mental health conditions were being sent to Huntercombe despite the fact that the prison did not have the facilities to treat them. However the report praised staff at Huntercombe and the prison's approach to race relations.
In June 2010, Huntercombe was decommissioned as a juvenile prison due to a national decrease in Juvenile offender numbers. The prison was reopened in October 2010 as a Category C jail for adult males.
The prison today.
The prison's purpose built sports complex comprises a sports hall with climbing wall, a cardiovascular fitness room, and an astroturf pitch. Huntercombe's chaplaincy comprises one full-time Chaplain, and access to a range of ministers representing different faiths.
Huntercombe has a visitors centre, located outside the main gate of the prison. The visits room has a small children's play area, toilets and nappy changing facilities. Refreshments are available through the WRVS canteen at weekends and vending machines during the week.

</doc>
<doc id="19174625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174625" title="Vickers F.B.12">
Vickers F.B.12

The Vickers F.B.12 was a biplane pusher fighter aircraft developed during World War I by Vickers Limited. The failure of the engine for which it was designed, and the obsolescence of the pusher configuration, resulted in its remaining an experimental type only.
Development and design.
At the start of the First World War, Vickers entered into a partnership with the Hart Engine Company to develop a 150 hp (110 kW) nine-cyliner radial engine designed by Hart. This engine was planned to power a number of new designs by Vickers, the first of which was a small single-engine pusher biplane fighter, the F.B.12.
The F.B.12 shared the obsolescent pusher layout of the D.H.2 and F.E.8. The wings were of wood and fabric construction, with rounded tips. The circular nacelle was framed in steel tubing, with the engine directly behind the cockpit, driving a wooden propeller. The tail was at the end of a structure of steel booms. A .303 in (7.7 mm) machine gun was placed inside the front of the nacelle, with only the barrel protruding.
The first FB.12 flew in June 1916, powered by an 80 hp (60 kW) Le Rhône rotary engine as the Hart was not yet available. With this engine, it proved to be underpowered and was re-fitted with a 100 hp (75 kW) Gnome Monosoupape engine. It was then rebuilt with increased wing span and area, becoming the F.B.12A. In December 1916 it was sent to France for operational testing, where it was deemed as good as the D.H.2 and F.E.8, a rather back-handed recommendation as both these types were by now well outclassed by the latest German fighters.
The F.B.12B was similar to the F.B.12A, but fitted with the originally intended Hart engine, flying early in 1917. In November 1916, meanwhile, the War Office placed an order for 50 Hart powered aircraft, designated the F.B.12C for the RFC. The F.B.12B crashed during tests in early 1917, leading to Vickers abandoning the Hart. Only 18 of the order were built, being fitted with a number of different engines including a 110 hp (80 kW) Le Rhône and a 100 hp (75 kW) Anzani radial. Tested between May and July 1917, only 1 F.B.12C was delivered, to a Home Defence unit.
The F.B.12D was the final variation, only 1 prototype was produced with a larger 110 hp (80 kW) Le Rhone engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19174628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174628" title="Chli Spannort">
Chli Spannort

The Chli Spannort is a mountain of the Uri Alps, located between Engelberg and Meien, in the canton of Uri. It lies south-west of the Gross Spannort.

</doc>
<doc id="19174632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174632" title="Hostile Witness">
Hostile Witness

"For the legal term, please see Hostile witness"
Hostile Witness is a 1968 British courtroom-based drama film based on a play by Jack Roffey, directed by Ray Milland (who had starred in the play on Broadway) and starring Milland, Sylvia Sims, Raymond Huntley and Julian Holloway.

</doc>
<doc id="19174635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174635" title="Baraigaun">
Baraigaun

Baraigaun is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1049.

</doc>
<doc id="19174642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174642" title="Bargaun">
Bargaun

Bargaun is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1021 persons living in 137 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19174654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174654" title="91st Air Refueling Squadron">
91st Air Refueling Squadron

The 91st Air Refueling Squadron (91 ARS) is part of the 6th Air Mobility Wing at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions. 
History.
Established in 1940 as a long-range reconnaissance squadron, equipped with a mixture of B-17C/D Flying Fortresses and B-18 Bolos. Assigned to the GHQAF Northeast Air District at Langley Field, Virginia Reassigned to Westover Field, Massachusetts in the spring of 1941. Flew antisubmarine patrols over the Northeast coastline after the Pearl Harbor attack; reassigned to II Bomber Command and became a B-17 Operational Training Unit (OTU) at Geiger Field, Washington in January 1942, and was redesignated as a heavy bombardment squadron in April. Reassigned to Davis-Monthan Field in May 1942 and continued its mission as an OTU in May 1942, continuing this assignment, later being assigned to the Desert Training Center in Southern California in late 1942, remaining as a training squadron at the DTC until April 1944 with the closure of the facility.
Deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO) in late April 1944, being assigned to VIII Bomber Command in England. Engaged in long-ranger strategic bombardment operations over Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany, attacking enemy military and industrial targets as part of the United States' air offensive against Nazi Germany. Returned to the United States after the German Capitulation in May 1945, being programmed as a B-29 Superfortress squadron for deployment to the Pacific Theater. Inactivated in late August 1945 after the Japanese Capitulation and the end of World War II.
Reactivated as a Strategic Air Command B-29 Air Refueling squadron in April 1950. Over the past 60 years, the 91st has flown worldwide air refueling operations. Crews and aircraft from the 91st deployed to Southeast Asia to refuel tactical aircraft and B-52 Stratofortresses involved in combat in Vietnam from, January 1965-December 1975. It refueled aircraft participating in the Grenada rescue mission between October and November 1983. The squadron also supported U.S. operations during the 1991 Gulf War. It performed aerial refuelings for bombers, airlift, and fighter aircraft as part of Tanker Task Force (TTF) around the world from, 1992-1995. On 1 October 1996 the 91st relocated with aerial refueling aircraft from Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana to MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. Since 2002 the squadron has refueled fighter aircraft providing security for the southeastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19174666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174666" title="List of Special A episodes">
List of Special A episodes

The following is the List of episodes for the Japanese anime series "Special A". The episodes are produced by AIC and GONZO, directed by Yoshikazu Miyao and composed by Jukki Hanada. Characters are adapted from the manga drawn by Maki Minami. It is currently airing in Japan on Chiba TV and various other stations. Broadcast on Chiba TV began on 6 April 2008 and continued for 24 episodes, ending on 14 September 2008. 
The series has been given four different theme songs, two opening themes and two ending themes. All the theme songs were performed by the seven principal cast members: Yūko Gotō, Jun Fukuyama, Hitomi Nabatame, Hiro Shimono, Tsubasa Yonaga, Kazuma Horie, and Ayahi Takagaki. 
The anime is licensed by Mighty Media Co., Ltd in China and Taiwan and Sentai Filmworks in America and Canada. Special A premiered in the Philippines on February 26, 2009 and ended on March 31, 2009 through TV5. The show premiered 5 months after it ended in Japan making it the fastest acquired anime title on Philippine free TV history. It is the first country in Southeast Asia to air the series outside of Japan. This anime was aired in South Korea via Animax, marking it as the first country in East Asia and second in Asia to air the series outside of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19174669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174669" title="The Gutter Twins discography">
The Gutter Twins discography


</doc>
<doc id="19174681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174681" title="Al-Qaeda involvement in the Middle East">
Al-Qaeda involvement in the Middle East

Al-Qaeda involvement in the Middle East includes Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Lebanon and Yemen.
In Iraq, elements loosely associated with al-Qaeda, in the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad organization commanded by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, have played a key role in the War in Iraq.
Iraq.
Osama bin Laden first took interest in Iraq when the country invaded Kuwait in 1990, raising concerns the secular Baathist government of Iraq might next set its sights on Saudi Arabia. In a letter sent to King Fahd, he offered to send an army of mujahedeen to defend Saudi Arabia, but the offer was rebuffed.
In November 2001, a month after the 11 September attacks, Mubarak al-Duri was contacted by Sudanese intelligence services who informed him that the FBI had sent Jack Cloonan and several other agents, to speak with a number of people known to have ties to Bin Laden. al-Duri and another Iraqi colleague agreed to meet with Cloonan in a safe house overseen by the intelligence service. They were asked whether there was any possible connection between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda, and laughed stating that Bin Laden hated the dictator who he believed was a "Scotch-drinking, woman-chasing apostate.”
Links between Saddam's regime and al-Qaeda, as claimed by the Bush Administration (which formed a crucial part of the WMD justification for the Iraq invasion), were non-existent or exaggerated, according to the report of both the United States Government's 9/11 Commission and the Pentagon; despite these conclusions, Vice President Dick Cheney has continued to publicly assert an Iraqi–al-Qaeda link.
Recently, the US has acknowledged that the role of al-Qaeda in post-invasion violence in Iraq was overstated. The US also claimed that al-Qaeda was in contact with the Kurdish Islamist group Ansar al-Islam from its inception in 1999; however, Ansar al-Islam's founder, Mullah Krekar, has staunchly denied any such link.
Since the 2003 invasion of Iraq, elements at first loosely associated with al-Qaeda, commanded by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, have supported local resistance to the occupying coalition forces and the emerging government, particularly targeting Iraq's Shia majority. They have been implicated in the bombing of the United Nations headquarters in Iraq, as well as hundreds of other small and large scale attacks on the military and civilian targets. Eventually, al-Zarqawi claimed allegiance to bin Laden in October 2004.
Al-Zarqawi was killed by U.S. air strikes on a safe house near Baqubah on 7 June 2006. Before his death, he was allegedly trying to use Iraq as a launching pad for international terrorism, most notably dispatching suicide bombers to attack hotels and government targets in Jordan. Since the killing of al-Zarqawi, it was believed that Abu Ayyub al-Masri took over as head of "al-Qaeda in Iraq". On 3 September 2006 the second-in-command of "al-Qaeda in Iraq", Hamed Jumaa Farid al-Saeedi (also known as Abu Humam or Abu Rana), was arrested north of Baghdad, along with a group of his aides and followers.
In a 39-page document retrieved in November and a 16-page document retrieved in October gives insight on how Al-Qaeda in Iraq is in panic and fear. The documents reveal how local fighters are being mistreated by the foreign fighters and labeled as "scoundrels, sectarians, and non-believers." Abu-Tariq, states that the number of fighters has dwindled from 600 to 20 fighters.
Israel and Palestine.
Bin Laden's and Ayman al-Zawahiri's repeatedly refer to the Palestinian cause in their manifestos and interviews.
Jund Ansar Allah, a group which claims to be inspired by Al-Qaeda, is active in the Gaza Strip.
Lebanon.
Shakir al-Abssi, a former associate of al-Qaeda in Iraq, recruited Palestinian refugees in Lebanon into Fatah al-Islam and rose against the government. The exact nature of the group's al-Qaeda links remains a matter of controversy.
On 9 May 2008, the media outlet Presstv alleges that Al-Qaeda declared war on Hezbollah.
Yemen.
Al-Qaeda was responsible for the USS "Cole" bombing was a suicide bombing attack against the U.S. Navy destroyer USS "Cole" (DDG 67) on 12 October 2000 while it was harbored in the Yemeni port of Aden. Seventeen American sailors were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19174684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174684" title="Piz Aul">
Piz Aul

Piz Aul is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Vals in the canton of Graubünden. 

</doc>
<doc id="19174709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174709" title="Hod (organization)">
Hod (organization)

Hod () is an independent Israel-based organization run by and intended for Orthodox Jewish homosexuals. It is was established by the Orthodox Rabbi Ron Yosef in 2008. The organization opposes anal intercourse between men, following the prohibition in Leviticus.
Hod's goal is 
Etymology.
Hod (Hebrew: הו"ד, English:'Majesty'. An acronym for 'religious gays' in Hebrew) adopts its name from a social group that used to meet in Tel Aviv within the Israeli Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Association in the 90's. In the first decade of the 21st century it was dismantled. The name of the organization corresponds with the Hod (Majesty) Sephira (Emanation), which is connected to truth-telling.
Formation.
Its beginning is in the Walla's "Religious Gays" Forum. The forum was the most important site for religious gays and lesbians in Israel at the time . But with time, as the forum grew older, the tensions between the various groups that wanted to navigate the forum to different directions according to their religious perceptions, widened. Eventually it became impossible to keep the forum in its original form and it was closed. One group became the Havruta which was supported by the Jerusalem Open House, while the other group evolved to the independent organization of "Hod". The two groups strived for preservation of the religious-homosexual identity, encouraged Coming out and opposed Conversion therapy. The Hod people supported unquestioningly orthodoxy, commitment to Halakha and the importance of the discourse with rabbis and educators alike, while the Havruta people supported a change of the current situation from the field and not via rabbis, coordinating social gatherings, abstention from expressing a religious stand regarding inter-sex relationship and sexuality and participation of some of its members in the Pride parade of Israel.
Hod was established on February 1, 2008 by rabbi Ron Yosef and Itay, a religious attorney with a team of 12 that included most of the Walla! Forum and the group of "Asaf Zehavi" (an alias), a known religious homosexual activist at the time. In the same month the internet website was launched. Hod from its beginning was a voluntary organization and it is not supported financially by no rabbi or other factor, so it can remain objective and hold an independent agenda.
Hod from the start focused in discourse with rabbis and finding Halakhic and social solutions for religious gays. For example it organized in 2008 a meeting with rabbi Yuval Cherlow with the participation of Bat Kol, educators and parents. This discourse progressed finally to the "Document of Principles" which was first published publicly in 2008.
It was decided in the first year and a half of its activity to not open another social group but to support the running group of "Asaf Zehavi". Only with the closing of Asaf's group towards the end of 2009, Hod started its organized independent social meetings, save the unique gathering it held thus far. Most its meeting till now have dealt with Brainstorming concerning the sexual orientation and the Halakha, along with holding Shabatot across the country.
Hod perceives itself as the alternative of Atzat Nefesh, and opposed loudly to its unlicensed and non professional therapies. In the course of 2008- 2010, Hod held an extensive negotiation with a known orthodox rabbinical figure, who demanded Hod not to "disturb" the activity of Atzat Nefesh and not "attack them in the media" and also demanded that each of these organizations (Atzat Nefesh and Hod) will continue to be active without disturbance or intervention. It was suggested that each religious homosexual will go first to a conversion therapy, and those who fail will be directed to the Puah Institute to be sent to an alternative therapy or to be matched with a woman and those fail that will be directed to Hod. Hod refused these demands and they named them "issuing a Kosher religious gay certificate".
In 2011 Hod was registered as an official society at the Fellowship Societies Registrar of Israel.
Throughout the years Hod focused on education and advocacy with the Ministry of Education, Ministry of Health and IDF. Hod met with psychologists and social workers, ran lectures and conversations with educators and pedagogical advisors in schools. Hod wrote together with professions, rabbis, psychologists and social workers different advising documents that serve as practical auxiliary tools. In 2012 a study Eve was held for Haredi social workers and for the first time a communication channel was opened with different Haredi rabbis. In the same year a committee of expert psychologists on behalf of the "Israel Psychologists Association" (IPA) on the subject of conversion therapies as a result of Hod's address to the Ministry of Health (Israel) and to the IPA. The Abundance of information and complaints concerning conversion therapies and the warning Hod published as a result of the journalistic investigation of the "Uvda" ("Fact") Television Program (regarding the Atzat Nefesh's therapies which employs unlicensed caregivers as demanded by the Israeli law and whci use non scientific and non based methods) is what brought this committee. The committee stated that the chances of success of these therapies are very low and might cause damages, but stressed that the researches done in this matter are problematic since this issue was not investigated properly due to political correctness.
Goals.
Hod tries to reconcile the sexual orientation of its members with their religious beliefs. It does so by emphasizing the difference between homosexual orientation and homosexual acts. Rather, the organization intends to offer support and to stimulate social contact between religious homosexuals, as to diminish the feelings of loneliness frequently experienced by these individuals.
Hod is a house for orthodox religious homosexual Jewish men in Israel and across the world who are dealing with their sexual orientation. Hod hold occasionally get-togethers and social activities. These meetings serve as a peer-support and aid group.
Hod was created out of the need of religious homosexual men to keep their Halakha-abiding religious identity and at the same time have a healthy life in which their sexual preference is expressed.
Hod is interested in creating among the Torah observant public and its leaders a public, Halakhic and social discourse which should bring to the recognition in religious homosexuals as an existing phenomenon within the religious society.Hod frequently organizes meetings and lectures by Orthodox Rabbis. Throughout the years, such discourse was held with Rabbi Ratson Arusi, Rabbi Shlomo Aviner, Chief Military Rabbi Avichai Rontzki, Rabbi Yisrael Rozen, Rabbi David Stav, Rabbi Eliyahu Aberjil and MK Moshe Feiglin. The purpose of the discourse is to bridge over the opposing stances under the spirit of tolerance and equality and through this to improve the existential and social state of a religious homosexual in the religious society, turn for the better (Tikkun olam) the Jewish Israeli society, disseminate pro-tolerance education and acceptance of the other through the guidance of educators, psychologists and scholars. Hod is also active in the eradication of hatred and intolerance towards any homosexuals.
Hod supplies without any prejudicial bias a respond, attentive ear, support and preliminary counseling to a wide spectrum of religious homosexuals. According to Hod's reports during the 5 years it exists, it received over 6,000 internet and phone inquiries, which include adolescents, married homosexuals, mentally stressed to suicidal homosexuals etc. Hod's Hotline is the only existing multi-category alternative to that of Atzat Nefesh.
Hod established a special staff of religious psychologists, authorized by law, who help and give mental support to religious men seeking for counseling and help in the complicated process they go through. In addition other counseling documents were written along with educators, psychologists and social workers. Hod published a few counseling documents such as "Ahavat Nefesh" booklet which deals with the religious and social difficulty of religious homosexuals and calls for solutions for them by the rabbinical establishment; the "Spiritual Counseling Document to the Religious Adolescent"; "Faithful Jew Document" which presents the outlines of the religious way of the homosexual etc. 
Hod also works within ultra-Orthodox society, in which thousands of its sons suffer inadequate treatments and attempts to convert their sexual orientation while distorting Halakha and Judaism. Hod holds hundreds of testimonies of men who have tried to change along the years and suffered damages as a result.
In 2012 Hod held an advertising campaign against conversion therapies and for self-acceptance of the religious homosexual community in Israel.
Rabbi Ron Yosef.
Rabbi Ron Yosef, who leads the organization, was initially known publicly only by his first name, thereby showing the delicate situation of homosexuals in the Jewish Orthodox community in Israel. However, In April 2009, he became the first Israeli orthodox Rabbi to come out, by appearing in "Uvda" ("Fact"), Israel's leading investigative television program [http://www.mako.co.il/tv-ilana_dayan/2009-5139645099b70210/Article-79b3cd8623c7021006.htm].
Document of Principles.
In an open letter distributed to Orthodox community leaders, the organization appealed to the Orthodox community to recognize them as part of the religious society. This was sent to over 100 rabbis in 2008, and eventually was known as the "Document of Principles":
Up to 2013, 163 Orthodox rabbis from Israel and abroad have signed this statement, among them: rabbi Yuval Cherlow, rabbi Binyamin Lau, rabbi Haim Navon, rabbi Daniel Sperber, rabbi Eliezer Melamed, rabbi Shai Piron and rabbi Yehuda Gilad.
Hod promotes advocacy actions focused on disseminating the "Document of Priciples", which its main innovation lies in the call to separate the prohbited deed from the person and its sexual orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="19174710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174710" title="La Petite Morte">
La Petite Morte

La Petite Morte is a 2003 documentary directed by Emmanuelle Schick Garcia about the pornography business in Paris, centering on the interviews of Raffaela Anderson, John B. Root and others. It won three film festival awards for Best Documentary and one nomination for Best Documentary.
The title is a reference to "la petite mort", French for "the little death," an idiom and euphemism for orgasm. 

</doc>
<doc id="19174718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174718" title="Bruschghorn">
Bruschghorn

The Bruschghorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Thalkirch (Safien) in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With a height of 3,056 metres above sea level, the Bruschghorn is the culminating point of the range lying between the Safiental and the Domleschg.

</doc>
<doc id="19174720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174720" title="Battery (electricity)">
Battery (electricity)

An electric battery is a device consisting of one or more electrochemical cells that convert stored chemical energy into electrical energy. Each cell contains a positive terminal, or cathode, and a negative terminal, or anode. Electrolytes allow ions to move between the electrodes and terminals, which allows current to flow out of the battery to perform work.
Primary (single-use or "disposable") batteries are used once and discarded; the electrode materials are irreversibly changed during discharge. Common examples are the alkaline battery used for flashlights and a multitude of portable devices. Secondary (rechargeable batteries) can be discharged and recharged multiple times; the original composition of the electrodes can be restored by reverse current. Examples include the lead-acid batteries used in vehicles and lithium ion batteries used for portable electronics. Batteries come in many shapes and sizes, from miniature cells used to power hearing aids and wristwatches to battery banks the size of rooms that provide standby power for telephone exchanges and computer data centers.
According to a 2005 estimate, the worldwide battery industry generates US$48 billion in sales each year, with 6% annual growth.
Batteries have much lower specific energy (energy per unit mass) than common fuels such as gasoline. This is somewhat mitigated by the fact that batteries deliver their energy as electricity (which can be converted efficiently to mechanical work), whereas using fuels in engines entails a low efficiency of conversion to work.
History.
The usage of "battery" to describe a group electrical devices dates to Benjamin Franklin, who in 1748 described multiple Leyden jars by analogy to a battery of cannon (Benjamin Franklin borrowed the term "battery" from the military, which refers to weapons functioning together). Alessandro Volta described the first electrochemical battery, the voltaic pile in 1800. This was a stack of copper and zinc plates, separated by brine soaked paper disks, that could produce a steady current for a considerable length of time. Volta did not appreciate that the voltage was due to chemical reactions. He thought that his cells were an inexhaustible source of energy, and that the associated corrosion effects at the electrodes were a mere nuisance, rather than an unavoidable consequence of their operation, as Michael Faraday showed in 1834.
Although early batteries were of great value for experimental purposes, in practice their voltages fluctuated and they could not provide a large current for a sustained period. The Daniell cell, invented in 1836 by British chemist John Frederic Daniell, was the first practical source of electricity, becoming an industry standard and seeing widespread adoption as a power source for electrical telegraph networks. It consisted of a copper pot filled with a copper sulfate solution, in which was immersed an unglazed earthenware container filled with sulfuric acid and a zinc electrode.
These wet cells used liquid electrolytes, which were prone to leakage and spillage if not handled correctly. Many used glass jars to hold their components, which made them fragile. These characteristics made wet cells unsuitable for portable appliances. Near the end of the nineteenth century, the invention of dry cell batteries, which replaced the liquid electrolyte with a paste, made portable electrical devices practical.
Principle of operation.
Batteries convert chemical energy directly to electrical energy. A battery consists of some number of voltaic cells. Each cell consists of two half-cells connected in series by a conductive electrolyte containing anions and cations. One half-cell includes electrolyte and the negative electrode, the electrode to which anions (negatively charged ions) migrate; the other half-cell includes electrolyte and the positive electrode electrode to which cations (positively charged ions) migrate. Redox reactions power the battery. Cations are reduced (electrons are added) at the cathode during charging, while anions are oxidized (electrons are removed) at the anode during discharge. The electrodes do not touch each other, but are electrically connected by the electrolyte. Some cells use different electrolytes for each half-cell. A separator allows ions to flow between half-cells, but prevents mixing of the electrolytes.
Each half-cell has an electromotive force (or emf), determined by its ability to drive electric current from the interior to the exterior of the cell. The net emf of the cell is the difference between the emfs of its half-cells. Thus, if the electrodes have emfs formula_1 and formula_2, then the net emf is formula_3; in other words, the net emf is the difference between the reduction potentials of the half-reactions.
The electrical driving force or formula_4 across the terminals of a cell is known as the "terminal voltage (difference)" and is measured in volts. The terminal voltage of a cell that is neither charging nor discharging is called the open-circuit voltage and equals the emf of the cell. Because of internal resistance, the terminal voltage of a cell that is discharging is smaller in magnitude than the open-circuit voltage and the terminal voltage of a cell that is charging exceeds the open-circuit voltage. An ideal cell has negligible internal resistance, so it would maintain a constant terminal voltage of formula_5 until exhausted, then dropping to zero. If such a cell maintained 1.5 volts and stored a charge of one coulomb then on complete discharge it would perform 1.5 joules of work. In actual cells, the internal resistance increases under discharge and the open circuit voltage also decreases under discharge. If the voltage and resistance are plotted against time, the resulting graphs typically are a curve; the shape of the curve varies according to the chemistry and internal arrangement employed.
The voltage developed across a cell's terminals depends on the energy release of the chemical reactions of its electrodes and electrolyte. Alkaline and zinc–carbon cells have different chemistries, but approximately the same emf of 1.5 volts; likewise NiCd and NiMH cells have different chemistries, but approximately the same emf of 1.2 volts. The high electrochemical potential changes in the reactions of lithium compounds give lithium cells emfs of 3 volts or more.
Categories and types of batteries.
Batteries are classified into primary and secondary forms.
Some types of primary batteries used, for example, for telegraph circuits, were restored to operation by replacing the electrodes. Secondary batteries are not indefinitely rechargeable due to dissipation of the active materials, loss of electrolyte and internal corrosion.
Primary batteries.
Primary batteries, or primary cells, can produce current immediately on assembly. These are most commonly used in portable devices that have low current drain, are used only intermittently, or are used well away from an alternative power source, such as in alarm and communication circuits where other electric power is only intermittently available. Disposable primary cells cannot be reliably recharged, since the chemical reactions are not easily reversible and active materials may not return to their original forms. Battery manufacturers recommend against attempting to recharge primary cells.
In general, these have higher energy densities than rechargeable batteries, but disposable batteries do not fare well under high-drain applications with loads under 75 ohms (75 Ω).
Common types of disposable batteries include zinc–carbon batteries and alkaline batteries.
Secondary batteries.
Secondary batteries, also known as "secondary cells", or "rechargeable batteries", must be charged before first use; they are usually assembled with active materials in the discharged state. Rechargeable batteries are (re)charged by applying electric current, which reverses the chemical reactions that occur during discharge/use. Devices to supply the appropriate current are called chargers.
The oldest form of rechargeable battery is the lead–acid battery. This technology contains liquid electrolyte in an unsealed container, requiring that the battery be kept upright and the area be well ventilated to ensure safe dispersal of the hydrogen gas it produces during overcharging. The lead–acid battery is relatively heavy for the amount of electrical energy it can supply. Its low manufacturing cost and its high surge current levels make it common where its capacity (over approximately 10 Ah) is more important than weight and handling issues. A common application is the modern car battery, which can, in general, deliver a peak current of 450 amperes.
The sealed valve regulated lead–acid battery (VRLA battery) is popular in the automotive industry as a replacement for the lead–acid wet cell. The VRLA battery uses an immobilized sulfuric acid electrolyte, reducing the chance of leakage and extending shelf life. VRLA batteries immobilize the electrolyte. The two types are:
Other portable rechargeable batteries include several sealed "dry cell" types, that are useful in applications such as mobile phones and laptop computers. Cells of this type (in order of increasing power density and cost) include nickel–cadmium (NiCd), nickel–zinc (NiZn), nickel metal hydride (NiMH), and lithium-ion (Li-ion) cells. Li-ion has by far the highest share of the dry cell rechargeable market. NiMH has replaced NiCd in most applications due to its higher capacity, but NiCd remains in use in power tools, two-way radios, and medical equipment.
Recent developments include batteries with embedded electronics such as USBCELL, which allows charging an AA battery through a USB connector, and smart battery packs with state-of-charge monitors and battery protection circuits that prevent damage on over-discharge. Low self-discharge (LSD) allows secondary cells to be charged prior to shipping.
Battery cell types.
Many types of electrochemical cells have been produced, with varying chemical processes and designs, including galvanic cells, electrolytic cells, fuel cells, flow cells and voltaic piles.
Wet cell.
A "wet cell" battery has a liquid electrolyte. Other names are "flooded cell", since the liquid covers all internal parts, or "vented cell", since gases produced during operation can escape to the air. Wet cells were a precursor to dry cells and are commonly used as a learning tool for electrochemistry. They can be built with common laboratory supplies, such as beakers, for demonstrations of how electrochemical cells work. A particular type of wet cell known as a concentration cell is important in understanding corrosion. Wet cells may be primary cells (non-rechargeable) or secondary cells (rechargeable). Originally, all practical primary batteries such as the Daniell cell were built as open-top glass jar wet cells. Other primary wet cells are the Leclanche cell, Grove cell, Bunsen cell, Chromic acid cell, Clark cell, and Weston cell. The Leclanche cell chemistry was adapted to the first dry cells. Wet cells are still used in automobile batteries and in industry for standby power for switchgear, telecommunication or large uninterruptible power supplies, but in many places batteries with gel cells have been used instead. These applications commonly use lead–acid or nickel–cadmium cells.
Dry cell.
A "dry cell" uses a paste electrolyte, with only enough moisture to allow current to flow. Unlike a wet cell, a dry cell can operate in any orientation without spilling, as it contains no free liquid, making it suitable for portable equipment. By comparison, the first wet cells were typically fragile glass containers with lead rods hanging from the open top and needed careful handling to avoid spillage. Lead–acid batteries did not achieve the safety and portability of the dry cell until the development of the gel battery.
A common dry cell is the zinc–carbon battery, sometimes called the dry Leclanché cell, with a nominal voltage of 1.5 volts, the same as the alkaline battery (since both use the same zinc–manganese dioxide combination).
A standard dry cell comprises a zinc anode, usually in the form of a cylindrical pot, with a carbon cathode in the form of a central rod. The electrolyte is ammonium chloride in the form of a paste next to the zinc anode. The remaining space between the electrolyte and carbon cathode is taken up by a second paste consisting of ammonium chloride and manganese dioxide, the latter acting as a depolariser. In some designs, the ammonium chloride is replaced by zinc chloride.
Molten salt.
Molten salt batteries are primary or secondary batteries that use a molten salt as electrolyte. They operate at high temperatures and must be well insulated to retain heat.
Reserve.
A reserve battery can be stored unassembled (unactivated and supplying no power) for a long period (perhaps years). When the battery is needed, then it is assembled (e.g., by adding electrolyte); once assembled, the battery is charged and ready to work. For example, a battery for an electronic artillery fuze might be activated by the impact of firing a gun: The acceleration breaks a capsule of electrolyte that activates the battery and powers the fuze's circuits. Reserve batteries are usually designed for a short service life (seconds or minutes) after long storage (years). A water-activated battery for oceanographic instruments or military applications becomes activated on immersion in water.
Battery cell performance.
A battery's characteristics may vary over load cycle, over charge cycle, and over lifetime due to many factors including internal chemistry, current drain, and temperature.
Capacity and discharge.
A battery's "capacity" is the amount of electric charge it can deliver at the rated voltage. The more electrode material contained in the cell the greater its capacity. A small cell has less capacity than a larger cell with the same chemistry, although they develop the same open-circuit voltage. Capacity is measured in units such as amp-hour (A·h).
The rated capacity of a battery is usually expressed as the product of 20 hours multiplied by the current that a new battery can consistently supply for 20 hours at , while remaining above a specified terminal voltage per cell. For example, a battery rated at 100 A·h can deliver 5 A over a 20-hour period at room temperature.
The fraction of the stored charge that a battery can deliver depends on multiple factors, including battery chemistry, the rate at which the charge is delivered (current), the required terminal voltage, the storage period, ambient temperature and other factors.
The higher the discharge rate, the lower the capacity. The relationship between current, discharge time and capacity for a lead acid battery is approximated (over a typical range of current values) by Peukert's law:
where
Batteries that are stored for a long period or that are discharged at a small fraction of the capacity lose capacity due to the presence of generally irreversible "side reactions" that consume charge carriers without producing current. This phenomenon is known as internal self-discharge. Further, when batteries are recharged, additional side reactions can occur, reducing capacity for subsequent discharges. After enough recharges, in essence all capacity is lost and the battery stops producing power.
Internal energy losses and limitations on the rate that ions pass through the electrolyte cause battery efficiency to vary. Above a minimum threshold, discharging at a low rate delivers more of the battery's capacity than at a higher rate.
Installing batteries with varying A·h ratings does not affect device operation (although it may affect the operation interval) rated for a specific voltage unless load limits are exceeded. High-drain loads such as digital cameras can reduce total capacity, as happens with alkaline batteries. For example, a battery rated at 2000 mAh for a 10- or 20-hour discharge would not sustain a current of 1 A for a full two hours as its stated capacity implies.
C rate.
The C-rate is the multiple of the current over the current that a battery can sustain for one hour. A rate of 1 C means that an entire 1.6Ah battery would be discharged in one hour at a discharge current of 1.6 A. A 2C rate would mean a discharge current of 3.2 A, over one half-hour.
Fast-charging, large and light batteries.
As of 2013, the world's largest battery was in Hebei Province, China. It stored 36 megawatt-hours of electricity at a cost of $500 million. Another large battery, composed of Ni–Cd cells, was in Fairbanks, Alaska. It covers —bigger than a football pitch—and weighs 1,300 tonnes, It was manufactured by ABB to provide backup power in the event of a blackout.
The battery can provide 40 megawatts of power for up to seven minutes. Sodium–sulfur batteries have been used to store wind power. A 4.4 megawatt-hour battery system that can deliver 11 megawatts for 25 minutes stabilizes the output of the Auwahi wind farm in Hawaii. Lithium–sulfur batteries were used on the longest and highest solar-powered flight. The recharging speed of lithium-ion batteries can be increased by manufacturing changes.
Battery lifetime.
Available capacity of all batteries drops with decreasing temperature. In contrast to most of today's batteries, the Zamboni pile, invented in 1812, offers a very long service life without refurbishment or recharge, although it supplies current only in the nanoamp range. The Oxford Electric Bell has been ringing almost continuously since 1840 on its original pair of batteries, thought to be Zamboni piles.
Self-discharge.
Disposable batteries typically lose 8 to 20 percent of their original charge per year when stored at room temperature (20°–30°C). This is known as the "self-discharge" rate, and is due to non-current-producing "side" chemical reactions that occur within the cell even when no load is applied. The rate of side reactions is reduced for batteries are stored at lower temperatures, although some can be damaged by freezing.
Old rechargeable batteries self-discharge more rapidly than disposable alkaline batteries, especially nickel-based batteries; a freshly charged nickel cadmium (NiCd) battery loses 10% of its charge in the first 24 hours, and thereafter discharges at a rate of about 10% a month. However, newer low self-discharge nickel metal hydride (NiMH) batteries and modern lithium designs display a lower self-discharge rate (but still higher than for primary batteries).
Corrosion.
Internal parts may corrode and fail, or the active materials may be slowly converted to inactive forms.
Physical component changes.
The active material on the battery plates changes chemical composition on each charge and discharge cycle, active material may be lost due to physical changes of volume; further limiting the number of times the battery can be recharged.
Most nickel-based batteries are partially discharged when purchased, and must be charged before first use. Newer NiMH batteries are ready to be used when purchased, and have only 15% discharge in a year.
Some deterioration occurs on each charge–discharge cycle. Degradation usually occurs because electrolyte migrates away from the electrodes or because active material detaches from the electrodes.
Low-capacity NiMH batteries (1700–2000 mA·h) can be charged some 1,000 times, whereas high-capacity NiMH batteries (above 2500 mA·h) last about 500 cycles. NiCd batteries tend to be rated for 1,000 cycles before their internal resistance permanently increases beyond usable values.
Charge/discharge speed.
Fast charging increases component changes, shortening battery lifespan.
Overcharging.
If a charger cannot detect when the battery is fully charged then overcharging is likely, damaging it.
Memory effect.
NiCd cells, if used in a particular repetitive manner, may show a decrease in capacity called "memory effect". The effect can be avoided with simple practices. NiMH cells, although similar in chemistry, suffer less from memory effect.
Environmental conditions.
Automotive lead–acid rechargeable batteries must endure stress due to vibration, shock, and temperature range. Because of these stresses and sulfation of their lead plates, few automotive batteries last beyond six years of regular use. Automotive starting (SLI: "Starting, Lighting, Ignition") batteries have many thin plates to maximize current. In general, the thicker the plates the longer the life. They are typically discharged only slightly before recharge.
"Deep-cycle" lead–acid batteries such as those used in electric golf carts have much thicker plates to extend longevity. The main benefit of the lead–acid battery is its low cost; its main drawbacks are large size and weight for a given capacity and voltage. Lead–acid batteries should never be discharged to below 20% of their capacity, because internal resistance will cause heat and damage when they are recharged. Deep-cycle lead–acid systems often use a low-charge warning light or a low-charge power cut-off switch to prevent the type of damage that will shorten the battery's life.
Storage.
Battery life can be extended by storing the batteries at a low temperature, as in a refrigerator or freezer, which slows the side reactions. Such storage can extend the life of alkaline batteries by about 5%; rechargeable batteries can hold their charge much longer, depending upon type. To reach their maximum voltage, batteries must be returned to room temperature; discharging an alkaline battery at 250 mA at 0°C is only half as efficient as at 20°C. Alkaline battery manufacturers such as Duracell do not recommend refrigerating batteries.
Battery sizes.
Primary batteries readily available to consumers range from tiny button cells used for electric watches, to the No. 6 cell used for signal circuits or other long duration applications. Secondary cells are made in very large sizes; very large batteries can power a submarine or stabilize an electrical grid and help level out peak loads.
Hazards.
Explosion.
A battery explosion is caused by misuse or malfunction, such as attempting to recharge a primary (non-rechargeable) battery, or a short circuit. Car batteries are most likely to explode when a short-circuit generates very large currents. Car batteries produce hydrogen, which is very explosive, when they are overcharged (because of electrolysis of the water in the electrolyte). The amount of overcharging is usually very small and generates little hydrogen, which dissipates quickly. However, when "jumping" a car battery, the high current can cause the rapid release of large volumes of hydrogen, which can be ignited explosively by a nearby spark, for example, when disconnecting a jumper cable.
When a battery is recharged at an excessive rate, an explosive gas mixture of hydrogen and oxygen may be produced faster than it can escape from within the battery, leading to pressure build-up and eventual bursting of the battery case. In extreme cases, battery acid may spray violently from the casing and cause injury. Overcharging—that is, attempting to charge a battery beyond its electrical capacity—can also lead to a battery explosion, in addition to leakage or irreversible damage. It may also cause damage to the charger or device in which the overcharged battery is later used. In addition, disposing of a battery via incineration may cause an explosion as steam builds up within the sealed case.
Leakage.
Many battery chemicals are corrosive, poisonous or both. If leakage occurs, either spontaneously or through accident, the chemicals released may be dangerous.
For example, disposable batteries often use a zinc "can" both as a reactant and as the container to hold the other reagents. If this kind of battery is over-discharged, the reagents can emerge through the cardboard and plastic that form the remainder of the container. The active chemical leakage can then damage the equipment that the batteries power. For this reason, many electronic device manufacturers recommend removing the batteries from devices that will not be used for extended periods of time.
Toxic materials.
Many types of batteries employ toxic materials such as lead, mercury, and cadmium as an electrode or electrolyte. When each battery reaches end of life it must be disposed of to prevent environmental damage. Battery are one form of electronic waste (e-waste).
E-waste recycling services recover toxic substances, which can then be used for new batteries.
Of the nearly three billion batteries purchased annually in the United States, about 179,000 tons end up in landfills across the country.
In the United States, the Mercury-Containing and Rechargeable Battery Management Act of 1996 banned the sale of mercury-containing batteries, enacted uniform labeling requirements for rechargeable batteries and required that rechargeable batteries be easily removable. California and New York City prohibit the disposal of rechargeable batteries in solid waste, and along with Maine require recycling of cell phones. The rechargeable battery industry operates nationwide recycling programs in the United States and Canada, with dropoff points at local retailers.
The Battery Directive of the European Union has similar requirements, in addition to requiring increased recycling of batteries and promoting research on improved battery recycling methods.
In accordance with this directive all batteries to be sold within the EU must be marked with the "collection symbol" (A crossed-out wheeled bin). This must cover at least 3% of the surface of prismatic batteries and 1.5% of the surface of cylindrical batteries. All packaging must be marked likewise.
Ingestion.
Batteries may be harmful or fatal if swallowed.
Small button cells can be swallowed, in particular by young children. While in the digestive tract, the battery's electrical discharge may lead to tissue damage; such damage is occasionally serious and can lead to death. Ingested disk batteries do not usually cause problems unless they become lodged in the gastrointestinal tract. The most common place for disk batteries to become lodged is the esophagus, resulting in clinical sequelae. Batteries that successfully traverse the esophagus are unlikely to lodge elsewhere. The likelihood that a disk battery will lodge in the esophagus is a function of the patient's age and battery size. Disk batteries of 16 mm have become lodged in the esophagi of 2 children younger than 1 year. Older children do not have problems with batteries smaller than 21–23 mm. Liquefaction necrosis may occur because sodium hydroxide is generated by the current produced by the battery (usually at the anode). Perforation has occurred as rapidly as 6 hours after ingestion.
Homemade cells.
Almost any liquid or moist object that has enough ions to be electrically conductive can serve as the electrolyte for a cell. As a novelty or science demonstration, it is possible to insert two electrodes made of different metals into a lemon, potato, etc. and generate small amounts of electricity. "Two-potato clocks" are also widely available in hobby and toy stores; they consist of a pair of cells, each consisting of a potato (lemon, et cetera) with two electrodes inserted into it, wired in series to form a battery with enough voltage to power a digital clock. Homemade cells of this kind are of no practical use.
A voltaic pile can be made from two coins (such as a nickel and a penny) and a piece of paper towel dipped in salt water. Such a pile generates a very low voltage but, when many are stacked in series, they can replace normal batteries for a short time.
Sony has developed a biological battery that generates electricity from sugar in a way that is similar to the processes observed in living organisms. The battery generates electricity through the use of enzymes that break down carbohydrates.
Lead acid cells can easily be manufactured at home, but a tedious charge/discharge cycle is needed to 'form' the plates. This is a process in which lead sulfate forms on the plates, and during charge is converted to lead dioxide (positive plate) and pure lead (negative plate). Repeating this process results in a microscopically rough surface, increasing the surface area. This increases the current the cell can deliver. For an example, see.
Daniell cells are easy to make at home. Aluminium–air batteries can be produced with high-purity aluminium. Aluminium foil batteries will produce some electricity, but are not efficient, in part because a significant amount of (combustible) hydrogen gas is produced.

</doc>
<doc id="19174728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174728" title="Richard J. Harrison">
Richard J. Harrison

Richard John Harrison (born August 1949) is an archaeologist and Professor in the University of Bristol, England. Harrison studied at Selwyn College, Cambridge, and gained his Bachelor’s degree in Archaeology and Anthropology from the University of Cambridge in 1970. He held a Prize Fellowship at Harvard from 1970 to 1975, and was awarded his PhD in Anthropology from Harvard University in 1975. His first employment was in the Department of Prehistoric and Roman-British Antiquities at the British Museum, from where he moved to the University of Bristol as a Lecturer in 1976. In 1977 he was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and in 2003 to be a Corresponding Fellow of the Deutsches Archaeologisches Institut in Frankfurt, Germany.
Richard Harrison is known for his work on the Copper and Bronze Ages of Europe, in particular Spain and Portugal. He began with an interest in the problems that the Bell Beaker culture poses, which broadened to an interest in the reasons how and why prehistoric societies changed in the manner they did. He has conducted excavations in Spain on the remains of four Bronze Age villages (dated 2600–1000 BC) in the region of Aragón and published his findings (see the selected publications below). Harrison's excavations were supported for many years by the 'Earthwatch' programme. 
A collaborative project for a three-year study of Beaker cemeteries in Bavaria is supported by a grant from the Von Thyssen Stiftung. Its aim is to use the aDNA preserved in ancient skeletons to determine patterns of kinship, immigration and residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19174735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174735" title="Exchange of women">
Exchange of women

The exchange of women is an element of alliance theory - the structuralist theory of Claude Lévi-Strauss and other anthropologists who see society as based upon the patriarchal treatment of women as property, being given to other men to cement alliances. Such formal exchange may be seen in the ceremony of the traditional Christian wedding, in which the bride is given to the groom by her father.
Kinship.
The structuralist view of kinship was laid out in Lévi-Strauss' grand statement: "Les Structures élémentaires de la parenté" (The Elementary Structures of Kinship). In this, he combined Mauss' ideas about the importance of gifts in primitive societies with the role of the incest taboo in forcing exchanges of mates outside of closely related family groups. The resulting "exchange of women" is asymmetric in that men have power over women which is not reciprocated. The resulting social structures provide a framework for treating the oppression of women as a social construct rather than being a matter of biology.
Biblical patriarchy.
Men in ancient Hebrew culture established and negotiated their relations with other men through the exchange of female relatives. This is seen in Old Testament narratives such as the stories spread across the books of Joshua, Judges, Samuel and Kings.
Criminal treatment.
In Afghanistan and remote areas of Pakistan, women may be exchanged in compensation for a debt or offence such as murder. This practice is known as "swara". Pakistan's constitution prohibits this with a penalty of 3 to 10 years of imprisonment but the custom still persists.
In art.
The exchange of women in the course of male bonding appears as a theme in the novels "The Great Gatsby" and "Tropic of Capricorn". "Indecent Proposal" and other female-barter movies were criticized for promoting this theme.

</doc>
<doc id="19174747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174747" title="Alperschällihorn">
Alperschällihorn

Alperschällihorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Splügen in the canton of Graubünden. The mountains is situated between the Safien valley (north) and the Hinterrhein valley (south).

</doc>
<doc id="19174753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174753" title="Mueller-Hinton agar">
Mueller-Hinton agar

Müller-Hinton agar is a microbiological growth medium that is commonly used for antibiotic susceptibility testing. It is also used to isolate and maintain "Neisseria" and "Moraxella" species.
It typically contains (w/v):
Five percent sheep blood and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide may also be added when susceptibility testing is done on "Streptococcus" species. This type is also commonly used for susceptibility testing of "Campylobacter".
It has a few properties that make it excellent for antibiotic use. First of all, it is a non-selective, non-differential medium. This means that almost all organisms plated on here will grow. Additionally, it contains starch. Starch is known to absorb toxins released from bacteria, so that they cannot interfere with the antibiotics. Second, it is a loose agar. This allows for better diffusion of the antibiotics than most other plates. A better diffusion leads to a truer zone of inhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="19174764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174764" title="Pointing machine">
Pointing machine

A pointing machine is a measuring tool used by stone sculptors and woodcarvers to accurately copy plaster, clay or wax sculpture models into wood or stone.
In essence the device is a pointing needle that can be set to any position and then fixed. It further consists of brass or stainless steel rods and joints which can be placed into any position and then tightened. It is not actually a machine; its name is derived from the Italian "macchinetta di punta". 
The invention of the tool has been ascribed to both the French sculptor and medallist Nicolas-Marie Gatteaux (1751–1832) and to the British sculptor John Bacon (1740 - 1799). It was later perfected by Canova.
Use.
The pointing machine is used for making one-to-one copies of existing sculptures and to reproduce models made of plaster, modeling clay or modeling wax in materials like stone or wood. It is not possible to use a pointing machine to produce enlarged or reduced copies; the traditional instruments for this are a set of calipers or a three-dimensional version of the pantograph. However, there is also a special version of the pointing machine that was used for mirroring, enlargements or reduced carving. 
To better control the end result of the finished sculpture, sculptors have increasingly taken to making a detailed model and then reproducing it, on the same scale or enlarged, in stone. Particularly in the 19th century, sculptors would follow a specific procedure: first a wax or clay model was made, of which a plaster cast was taken, which in its turn served as the model to be copied in stone with the use of calipers or a pointing machine. This is called the indirect method of carving.
The advantages of this method are that the end result is very controllable and that the chance of making irreparable mistakes is reduced drastically. In addition, the process is much faster when carving difficult sculptures, because the search for the right shape is done during the modelling process instead of during the carving itself, thus making it much easier to adjust it or make changes. Finally, using this method, much or all of the work can be done by assistant sculptors, increasing productivity. The disadvantages of using the pointing machine are a great loss of directness and the risk of loss of expression. 
Famous sculptors increasingly tended to use assistants. Sometimes a sculptor would run a large workshop with dozens of assistants and pupils. Art academies were formed where the skills of sculpture were taught in detail. The consequence of this development was the generation of 'academy art', from which some sculptors wanted to distance themselves. Sculptors eventually returned to more direct forms of expression, by means of for example the 'direct carving method', impressionism and expressionism. This was sometimes influenced by the indigenous art of Africa and Oceania, which brought about a shock because of its directness and raw expression. The pointing machine's popularity waned as a result, reflecting the diminishing knowledge and skills of carving in wood and stone during the 20th century.
Technique.
To transfer measuring points from a model to a block of stone or wood, the sculptor usually takes three reference points on both model and block. By using these points a sculpture can be measured accurately, for the three directions of measuring – width, height and depth – are thus defined. These three measuring points are traditionally used by sculptors to copy a sculpture with calipers, but this is was simplified significantly with the invention of the pointing machine. 
In using the pointing machine, the sculptor mounts or glues three metal rivets, that correspond to each other, on both model and block of stone or wood. To these basic points, a (usually wooden) T-shaped support is hooked up, the "cross". On this crosswood, the actual pointing device is attached. The sculptor sets the device by moving the arms of the tool so that the point of the needle just touches the point to be measured on the model (for instance, the nose of a bust). The needle is set at a right angle to the surface that is measured and the stop is tightened.
He then takes the whole cross, pointing machine and all, to the block of stone or wood and sets it up on the identical, corresponding basic points. 
The needle that defines the measuring point can slide. By subsequently carving or drilling carefully until the needle touches the stop, the sculptor can place his measuring point exactly in the block.
By thus copying several dozens or hundreds of points, an accurate copy can be carved. The quality of the copy will still depend on the skill of the sculptor, however, because these points are only the basis for the final sculpture.
The real advantage is the need to measure each point only once, instead of three times with callipers (once each for height, width and depth). Also there is no need to read scales in inches or centimetres, and consequently there is less room for error.
Usually, the sculptor will make his own crosswood for the statue, as a small statue needs a much smaller crosswood than a life-size statue does.
History and future.
Before the invention of the pointing machine by Gatteaux, sculptors used several methods to measure and copy sculpture, such as grids, which were already in use in early Egyptian sculpture, plumb-bobs, measuring sticks and calipers. The main technique was to measure the model from three fixed points with calipers.
Nowadays laser pointing machines are available. These have the advantages that the needle does not hinder carving and that the sculptor is given an audible warning when the right depth is reached.
The latest developments are computer guided router systems that scan a model and can reproduce it in a variety of materials and in any desired size.

</doc>
<doc id="19174774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174774" title="List of film supervillains">
List of film supervillains

This is a list of fictional supervillain characters originating in motion pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="19174775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174775" title="Joseph Patrat">
Joseph Patrat

Joseph Patrat or Patras (7 May 1733, Arles - 4 June 1801, Paris) was a French actor and plawright.
The son of a theatre grip, he began his stage career in Berlin in 1755 and then acted in the Austrian Netherlands from 1756 to 1763, notably in Brussels in the company of the Théâtre de la Monnaie. He then acted in Marseille and Geneva, where he also began to write plays.
Author of 40 plays, Patrat was also part of the company of Mademoiselle Montansier before establishing himself in Paris and writing several pieces for the Comédie-Française, the Théâtre des Variétés-Amusantes, the Théâtre Montansier, the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique, and above all for the Comédie-Italienne, the Théâtre du Palais-Royal, the Théâtre Feydeau and the Odéon.

</doc>
<doc id="19174812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174812" title="Bert Rürup">
Bert Rürup

Hans-Adalbert Rürup (born November 7, 1943) is a German economist and former chairman of the German Council of Economic Experts. He was formerly a professor of economics at the Darmstadt University of Technology. , he is president of the International School of Management .

</doc>
<doc id="19174829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174829" title="Cyano-S1 RNA motif">
Cyano-S1 RNA motif

The Cyano-S1 RNA motif (originally named the Cyano-30S motif) is a conserved RNA structure present in some species of Cyanobacteria. Cyano-S1 RNAs are consistently found upstream of genes encoding ribosomal protein S1, a subunit of the ribosome. Therefore, they are presumed to be ribosomal protein leaders, i.e., cis-regulatory elements to which the ribosomal protein S1 binds, thereby controlling its expression levels.

</doc>
<doc id="19174830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174830" title="Théâtre Feydeau">
Théâtre Feydeau

The Théâtre Feydeau (), a former Parisian theatre company, was founded in 1789 with the patronage of Monsieur, Comte de Provence (later to become Louis XVIII), and was therefore initially named the Théâtre de Monsieur. It began performing in the Salle des Tuileries, located in the north wing of the Tuileries Palace, then moved to the Salle des Variétés at the Foire Saint-Germain, and finally, beginning in 1791, settled into its own custom-built theatre, the Salle Feydeau located on the rue Feydeau. The company was renamed Feydeau after the royal family was arrested during the French Revolution.
The company first presented Italian opera by composers such as Giovanni Battista Pergolesi, Giuseppe Sarti, and Giovanni Paisiello and later French plays, vaudevilles, and "opéras comiques", as well as symphonic concerts, and was especially famous for the quality of its orchestra and realistic stagings. The Italian Luigi Cherubini was the house composer, but the French composers Jean-François Le Sueur, François Devienne, and Pierre Gaveaux were also closely associated with the company.
In 1801 the Théâtre Feydeau merged with, and took the name of its chief rival, the Opéra-Comique. Except for a brief period from July 1804 to July 1805, when the merged company performed at the Salle Favart, it continued to perform at the Salle Feydeau until 1829, when it moved to a new theatre, the Salle Ventadour. The Salle Feydeau was demolished shortly thereafter.
History.
At the Tuileries.
The company was founded on 26 January 1789 by Marie-Antoinette's "coiffeur" Léonard-Alexis Autier and the violinist and composer Giovanni Battista Viotti and at first used the Salle des Tuileries, which had previously been the Salle des Machines, but had been greatly modified and reduced in size by the architects Jacques-Germain Soufflot and Ange-Jacques Gabriel for the Paris Opera in 1763. Since the Théâtre de Monsieur was opened for the King's brother and was at the Tuileries Palace, the King allowed the performers to live at the palace. While most theatres of the time were only permitted to do one kind of drama, the Théâtre de Monsieur performed French drama, opéra comique, vaudeville, and Italian opera buffa.
At the Saint-Germain Fair.
On 6 October 1789 Louis XVI and Marie-Antoinette moved to the Tuileries Palace after being forced to leave Versailles for Paris by rioters. It was decided that the Théâtre de Monsieur would have to find new quarters, and that a new theatre would be built, but in the interim, the company would perform in the Salle des Variétés at the Saint-Germain Fair. The company's last performance at the Tuileries was on 23 December, and it opened at the Salle des Variétés on 10 January 1790.
Piccini's "La buona figliuola" was warmly received on 3 February 1790 with the composer conducting, but Pasquale Anfossi's "I viaggiatori felici" was less highly regarded, on account of both its music and its libretto, with the exception of inserted numbers composed by Cherubini, who took a bow at the insistence of the audience. The sixteen-year-old violinist Pierre Rode played a concerto by Viotti between the acts of Giuseppe Sarti's "Le gelosie villane" on 18 October. The company continued to perform in the theatre at the Saint-Germain fairground until 31 December 1790.
On the rue Feydeau.
For the new theatre, a site just east of the north end of the Tuileries Palace, formerly occupied by the "Stables of Monsieur", was first considered. This location was thought advantageous, even at this late date, because the royal family could reach it without having to go out-of-doors. Several other sites were also considered, but by February 1790, a piece of land on the rue Feydeau was selected. Despite its proximity to the Salle Favart, home of the Opéra-Comique, and objections by Jean Sylvain Bailly, the mayor of Paris, permission was granted in April.
The new theatre on the rue Feydeau was built in just over six months in a neoclassical style to the designs by the architects Jacques Legrand and Jacques Molinos and had a capacity of 1700–1900. These designers were not too concerned with the practicality of the theatre space, but more with the splendor of the theatre. It was a rectangular building that was curved on the side of the lobby at the front. On the curved front were seven massive windows that let natural light into the lobby. In between these windows were statues that were the same height as the windows. The architects also included "carriage entrances at ground level that allowed theatre goers to disembark inside a protected vestibule" or entrance hall between an outer door and the main part of the building. These features, along with the statues on the outside of the lobby, were novel and attracted a lot of attention.
The lobby was highly ornate and was where Legrand and Molnios focused a lot of their attention. The theatre was lit by candlelight and by hanging chandeliers. There were seats in the pit as well as lining the sides of the theatre. There were three balconies and two different standing areas. There were also boxed seats next to the stage. Several "design flaws of the original plan would continue to haunt the theatre's administration." The proscenium "extended beyond the stage in such a way that it obstructed the view of the stage for most of the side loges". Bad sight lines were a problem with the original design of the theatre. The audience structure caused poor sound reverberations. There were two different remodeling projects, one in 1798 and one in 1801.
The opening there took place on 6 January 1791, when Sarti's 3-act comic opera "Le nozze di Dorina" was presented.
Up to 1791 the repertory had consisted primarily of Italian opera, with additional music added by Cherubini, but the exclusive privileges of the royal theatres were revoked on 13 January 1791. The company was now free to present French "opéras comiques", competing more directly with the nearby Opéra-Comique company at the Salle Favart.
Upon the Royal Family's return to Paris on 24 June 1791, after its unsuccessful flight and arrest in Varennes, the Théâtre de Monsieur was officially renamed Théâtre Français & Italien de la rue Feydeau, but by July this had been shortened to Théâtre de la rue Feydeau, or simply the Théâtre Feydeau.
The first important French work was Cherubini's "Lodoïska", which was premiered on 18 July 1791. This was followed by more French operas by Cherubini, as well as operas by French composers, including Devienne's "Les visitandines" (7 July 1792); Le Sueur's "La caverne" (16 February 1793), "Paul et Virginie" (13 January 1794), and "Télémaque" (10 May 1796); and Gaveaux's "Léonore, ou L'amour conjugal" (19 February 1798). The last was the model for Beethoven's "Fidelio". In general, opera alternated evenings with spoken drama, presented by a separate company of actors.
The theatre became one of the meeting-places for counter-revolutionaries. Like many theatres of the Revolutionary period, it was frequently banned. However, it re-opened for good on 2 April 1796, becoming one of the most appreciated theatres in Paris. Talma produced there from 1798.
Sagaret directed the company from 1795 to 1799, but he also took on the management of two other theatres, the Théâtre de la République and the Théâtre de l'Odéon, and becoming overextended closed the Théâtre Feydeau on 12 April 1801. However, the Opéra-Comique, the Feydeau's chief rival, was also forced to close on 20 July 1801, and it was soon decided to merge the two companies under the name Opéra-Comique, which occurred on 16 September 1801. Since the previous Opéra-Comique's Salle Favart needed repairs, the merged company performed at the Salle Feydeau. Except for a short period from 23 July 1804 to 4 July 1805, when it performed at the Salle Favart and the Salle Olympique, it continued using the Salle Feydeau until 12 April 1829, after which the Salle Feydeau was demolished, and the new Opéra-Comique moved to a newly built theatre, the Salle Ventadour, opening there on 20 April 1829.
In "La fille de Madame Angot", an opéra-comique by Charles Lecocq put on on 4 December 1872, the heroine Clairette Angot sings "Didn't you know Mademoiselle Lange, the great actress of the Feydeau?", thus mentioning the Théâtre Feydeau more than forty years after its demolition.

</doc>
<doc id="19174848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174848" title="Christian Wilhelm Blomstrand">
Christian Wilhelm Blomstrand

Christian Wilhelm Blomstrand (20 October 1826 – 5 November 1897) was a Swedish mineralogist and chemist.
Blomstrand was born in Växjö, Sweden and studied chemistry at the University of Lund, where he received his Ph.D in 1850 and his habilitation in 1854. After an expedition to Spitsbergen and a being a lecturer at the Elementary Technical School of Malmö. he became professor for chemistry 1862 at the University of Lund.
Blomstrand was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1861.
The island Blomstrandhalvøya and the glacier Blomstrandbreen on Spitsbergen are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19174859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174859" title="James Doherty">
James Doherty

James Doherty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19174862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174862" title="Pizzas d'Anarosa">
Pizzas d'Anarosa

The Pizzas d'Anarosa (or "Grauhörner") are a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located north of Splügen in the canton of Graubünden. They lie between the Safiental and the Hinterrhein valley. The main summit has an elevation of 3,002 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="19174865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174865" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's pole vault">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's pole vault

These are the official results of the Men's Pole Vault event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 34 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on Thursday 26 August 1999 at 19:10h.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualifying Performance 5.75 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.
Final.
26 August

</doc>
<doc id="19174879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174879" title="James Dougherty">
James Dougherty

James Dougherty may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19174881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174881" title="MS Oleander">
MS Oleander

Sherbatskiy is a RoRo Passenger and Vehicle ferry owned by Novgorod Shipping Ltd and is operated between Almeria and Nador by Acciona Trasmediterranea, She is currently the only remaining sister of three "xx of Free Enterprise" originally built for Townsend Thoresen for operations between France and the United Kingdom.
History.
"Oleander" was built by Schichau Unterweser AG for European Ferries services between Dover and Calais. Initially entering service with them in 1980. In 1987 European Ferries was purchased by P&O European Ferries, in the same year "Oleander"'s sister ship, "Herald of Free Enterprise" capsized just outside Zeebrugge. As a result of these two events, "Pride of Free Enterprise" was renamed the "Pride of Bruges" under a rebranding exercise undertaken by P&O following the bad publicity of the "Herald of Free Enterprise" disaster.
In 1998 P&O European Ferries merged its Short sea routes with Stena Line to form P&O Stena Line. As a result of this merger the vessels were again rebranded, this time the vessel was renamed to "P&OSL Picardy". In 2000 "P&OSL Picardy" was laid up pending sale, eventually being sold to Transeuropa Ferries.
Transeuropa Ferries renamed the vessel "Oleander" and introduced a freight only service between Ramsgate and Oostende which began on 4 July 2002. Two years later, on 20 July 2004 the "Oleander" was joined by the "Larkspur" to provide a joint passenger/freight service also operating between the two ports.
From 2010 onwards the Oleander was often sailing on the Spain - Morocco lines on short term leases from TEF to Comarit or FerriMaroc. When TEF went into bankruptcy in April 2013 the Oleander moved on more permanent basis to Acciona Trasmediterránea and sails on the Almeria to Nador route as M/F Sherbatskiy.

</doc>
<doc id="19174896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174896" title="Guadalmedina River">
Guadalmedina River

Guadalmedina (from the Arabic "wādi", “river” + "medina", “city”; "River of the City") is a river that runs through the city of Málaga, Spain. Historically, it has played an important role in the city's history, and has divided the city into two halves. The city’s historic center is located on its left bank. 
Course.
The Guadalmedina has its source at the La Cruz Peak, in the Sierra de Camarolos mountain range, and it is 47 km long. It reaches the Mediterranean in the center of the city of Málaga and flows through the Montes de Málaga Natural Park.
It is a river subject to high seasonal variations and has five well defined tributaries which have their sources in the Montes de Málaga range, the Arroyo de las Vacas, Arroyo Chaperas, Arroyo Humaina, Arroyo Hondo and Arroyo de Los Frailes. All of these rivers are dry most of the year. Located in the mountains, the Limonero Dam on the Guadalmedina provides water for the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19174908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174908" title="Ribosomal protein leader">
Ribosomal protein leader

A ribosomal protein leader is a mechanism used in cells to control the cellular concentraction of a protein that forms a part of the ribosome, and to make sure that the concentration is neither too high nor too low. Ribosomal protein leaders are RNA sequences that are a part of the 5' UTR of mRNAs encoding a ribosomal protein. When cellular concentrations of the ribosomal protein are high, excess protein will bind to the mRNA leader. This binding event can lower gene expression via a number of mechanisms; for example, in the protein-bound state, the RNA could form an intrinsic transcription termination stem-loop. When cellular concentrations of the ribosomal protein are not high, they are occupied in the ribosome, and are not available in significant quantities to bind the mRNA leader. This leads to increased expression of the gene, which leads to the synthesis of more copies of the ribosomal protein. Many examples of ribosomal protein leaders are known in bacteria, including ribosomal protein L20 leader and ribosomal S15 leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19174916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174916" title="Dimensional operator">
Dimensional operator

In mathematics, specifically set theory, a dimensional operator on a set "E" is a function from the subsets of "E" to the subsets of "E".
Definition.
If the power set of "E" is denoted "P"("E") then a dimensional operator on "E" is a map
that satisfies the following properties for "S","T" ∈ "P"("E"):
The final property is known as the exchange axiom.

</doc>
<doc id="19174919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174919" title="Piz Beverin">
Piz Beverin

Piz Beverin is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Thusis in the canton of Graubünden. A trail leads to the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="19174927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174927" title="Grupo Candeias">
Grupo Candeias

Grupo Candeias is an international Capoeira group. 
History.
Grupo Candeias was founded at the SESC Club in the university sector in 1977 in Goiania, Goias, Brazil.
In that time the group was called Grupo de Capoeira Anglo Regional and the first groups teacher was Carlos Antonio (carlinhos chuchu). In the year 1978 Mestre Passarinho took on the group changing the name to Grupo de Capoeira Sao Bento Pequeno. Two years later, he decided to leave the SESC in Goiania bringing Grupo Sao Bento Pequeno and part of the student body with him, in the same year Mestre Suino took on the group that was left, using the name Grupo de Capoeira Anglo Regional temporarily until he could create a new name for the group.
The group grew very fast, and some of the teachers were founding other groups of their own, and due to this the Anglo Regional became an association with a high number of followers and because of that there were a lot of "problems" going on, and questions about how to get all the groups together as one.
Then in 1991 they had a contest to change the name of the group, so all of them could follow the same graduation system, same philosophy and most importantly the same name. Since 1992 all of them started to use only one name, Grupo Candeias de Capoeira.
Nowadays you can find Grupo Candeias in most of Brazil, USA, Chile, Peru, Ecuador, Argentina, France, Spain, United Kingdom, France, Portugal, Italy, Bolivia, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Germany, Belgium and Ireland. Grupo Candeias is considered one of the most expressive groups of capoeira with over ten thousand students.

</doc>
<doc id="19174930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174930" title="Amber Pierce">
Amber Pierce

Amber Pierce (née Rais; born March 25, 1981 in Berkeley, California) is an American professional racing cyclist who lives in Graz in Austria.
Rais began her sporting career as a swimmer, breaking state and national records whilst still at high school. She began cycling when she joined the Stanford Cycling Team. She has a B.A. in Human Biology and an M.S. in Earth Systems from Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="19174957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174957" title="St George's Cullercoats">
St George's Cullercoats

St. George's, Cullercoats, North Tyneside, England was built in the 19th century French Gothic style. 
Background.
Looking over the North Sea, beacon-like, it was designed by the church architect John Loughborough Pearson and built in 1884 by the 6th Duke of Northumberland. The church, in particular its impressive spire of 180 feet, was used as a navigational aid by the fishermen of Cullercoats as well as by major shipping approaching Tynemouth in times gone by. Restoration work on this church has included the replacing of dangerously corroding stonework and the cleaning of some of the stained glass.
Music.
Choir.
St George's choir has been described in the past as ""one of the best parish church choirs in the country"". The choir sing a sung Eucharist and Choral evensong every Sunday as well as on feast days.
Organ.
The organ was built by Thomas Christopher Lewis in consultation with William Rea, the Newcastle City organist, and was dedicated a mere three months after the consecration of the church in February 1885. It stands in the South Transept, directly under the tower, facing North, with a generous amount of free space around it. From this position, its commanding voice can be heard in all parts of the building without loss of impact, even with a full congregation.
It is a substantial instrument, built in Lewis's grand style with Swell behind Great on the same level and Pedal on three unit chests behind and alongside the manual divisions. There is no facade casework, although the front pipes appear to have been laid out to receive one, the lower part is panelled in oak. The console is central in the case and is 'en fenetre'. The action to manuals and drawstops is mechanical; the pedal action is pneumatic. A Discus blower feeds the main bellows which can still be raised by hand. A full restoration of the organ was carried out in 1987, by Harrison & Harrison of Durham. The church has a regular recital series on Bank Holidays and in the summer months.
Bells.
The church has four fixed bells which are struck by hammers operated by bell ropes from the ringing chamber. Due to the construction of the building it can not take the strain of swinging bells. Two of the bells' hammers require repair (damaged due to wear and tear 2005). The smallest bell is most used as it has a second pulley in a more convenient location.

</doc>
<doc id="19174962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174962" title="LegitScript">
LegitScript

LegitScript is a verification and monitoring service for online pharmacies. It is the only such service recognised by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy as adhering to its standards aside from the NABP's own VIPPS program. 
The NABP has written that it endorses LegitScript on behalf of the government agencies that license and regulate pharmacies and pharmacists in the US, Canada, and other jurisdictions for use "by search engine advertising programs, Domain Name Registrars, registries, payment processing companies, social media companies, and other Internet platforms to ensure that Internet platforms operate in compliance with applicable healthcare laws and regulations, and are not utilized in furtherance of the illicit sale of unregulated healthcare products." In addition, some EU government agencies have referred to LegitScript as the "appropriate authority" to which rogue Internet pharmacies should be reported. LegitScript has also worked with the US Food and Drug Administration to perform monitoring and investigation of Internet pharmacy websites.
Founding.
LegitScript was founded by John Horton, who was a White House aide on drug policy issues from 2002 to 2007. Horton continues to serve as the company's President and also serves on the NASCAR Appeals Panel. The organization's main office was initially located in Arlington, Virginia, but is currently identified as being in Portland, Oregon. The company is identified by the Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies as a founding member.
Early operations.
In July 2008, LegitScript released a report about 150 websites that offer to sell anabolic steroids over the Internet without requiring a prescription.
This report was also featured in the "New York Times", as well as on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360". The report resulted in the termination of large underground steroids rings and controversy at pro-steroids forums. LegitScript also released two reports analyzing Microsoft and Yahoo sponsored search results for Internet pharmacies. Subsequently, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft announced that they were updating their advertising policies related to Internet pharmacies, and would in the future require that Internet pharmacies be approved by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy's VIPPS program. Shortly thereafter, LegitScript announced that it would be helping Google implement the new policy by monitoring all prescription drug and pharmacy ads for the search engine. LegitScript states that it performs Google monitoring throughout North America, the EU, Russia and Asia for Google ads, and also identifies Microsoft, Amazon, Twitter and the US Food and Drug Administration as clients.
LegitScript, Internet Pharmacies and Domain Name Registrars.
In November 2008, LegitScript launched its Registrar notification program and reported that it had shut down 500 "rogue" Internet pharmacies by notifying their ISPs and domain registrars. In May 2010, the company released a report regarding over 7,000 websites displaying a forged pharmacy license, indicating that it worked with 11 different domain name registrars to shut down the websites. In late 2012, the company stated that it had worked with Registrars to shut down over 35,000 rogue Internet pharmacy websites in the previous four years. 
As of early 2013, several domain name registrars explicitly state in their Terms and Conditions that they suspend and lock domain names identified as rogue Internet pharmacies by LegitScript, and outsource their abuse point-of-contact on Internet pharmacy issues to LegitScript., The company has stated that it works with most domain name registrars, and in late 2012 began publishing data showing how websites LegitScript has designated as rogue Internet pharmacies "cluster" at a small number of domain name registrars that LegitScript says ignore its abuse notifications. In underground forums, several Internet pharmacy affiliate marketers have publicly discussed the importance of registering Internet pharmacy domain names with registrars that do not work with LegitScript.
LegitScript and Consumer Protection.
In March 2010, consumer protection website SiteJabber announced that it would begin integrating LegitScript's legitimacy determinations into its Internet pharmacy ratings. In May 2010, the Web of Trust (MyWot) announced a similar initiative in which LegitScript Internet pharmacy legitimacy determinations would be integrated into MyWOT's reputation rankings.
LegitScript, Dietary Supplements and Designer Drugs.
LegitScript maintains a Healthcare Product Legitimacy program that monitors whether "dietary supplements have been the subject of regulatory action, are considered unsafe, or are marketed as miracle cures" and that is also endorsed by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy. In its advertising policies for healthcare and medicines, search engine Google indicates that it utilizes LegitScript's healthcare product legitimacy program to determine which supplements and designer drugs should be restricted from advertising. LegitScript indicates that in addition to Google, Microsoft, Twitter and Amazon also utilize LegitScript's healthcare product legitimacy program.
LegitScript International Internet Pharmacy Certification.
As of February 2013, LegitScript's website indicated that LegitScript had approved over 250 online pharmacy websites as meeting LegitScript's standards, and documented over 48,000 "rogue" online pharmacy websites. The program is also endorsed by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy.

</doc>
<doc id="19174966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174966" title="List of film music by Mikael Tariverdiev">
List of film music by Mikael Tariverdiev

This is a list of music for the cinema written by the Soviet composer Mikael Tariverdiev

</doc>
<doc id="19174978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174978" title="Balša Radunović">
Balša Radunović

Balša Radunović (born August 5, 1980) is a professional Montenegrin basketball player. He is 2.06 m (6'10") in height and he plays at the position of forward-center. He currently plays for AEK Larnaca.

</doc>
<doc id="19174988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19174988" title="Camp Mac">
Camp Mac

Camp Mac is a summer camp for boys and girls in Alabama's Cheaha Mountains, surrounded by the Talladega National Forest. Camp Mac offers a Jr. Term, which is 2 weeks long and is a starter camp for children who have completed the 2nd through 5th grade. They also offer two premium 4 Week Terms that offer more advanced activities for children who have completed the 2nd through 9th grades. Camp Mac is labeled as a "Learning Camp" and offers activities based on the philosophy of Safety, Fun & Instruction.
Camp Location.
Camp Mac is located 1,000 feet above sea level inside the Talladega National Forest and just few miles from the top of Mount Cheaha. Camp Mac is located near two manmade lakes which were created by the earlier staff of camp mac in order to give campers some water activities. These lakes are known as upper and lower lake for their differences in water level. A road that leads up to the peak of Cheaha Mountain separates the two.
Camp History.
The camp started out as a CCC camp but was taken over by the McBride Family. The Camp Mac was founded by the Superintendent of Talladega County Schools Mr. E.A. McBride in 1948 because of his conviction that not everything a child needed to know to become a successful, productive adult could be taught in the classroom. The name for the camp was given by the camp's first campers in honor of the founder. Throughout the years, many renovations were made to the camp including two man-made lakes which were funded by selling property. Lower lake was built first and then followed by Upper Lake which was named for the water level.
Campers.
The Campers at Camp Mac are students of good standard who have completed second grade through ninth grade. At Camp Mac there is a limited enrollment of a combined 734 boys and girls.
Staff.
A large number of the staff are adults while the other half are returning campers. At the end of their last summer term, sixteen campers, eight girls and eight boys are chosen to become CITs (Counselors in Training). CITs help out with their counselor superiors and help lead their assigned group to their next activity. If they do their job well, they can return and become Junior counselors and so forth until they become Senior Counselors. Junior and Senior Counselors run the courses and Activities offered at Camp Mac. One CIT, Junior Counselor, and Senior Counselor is assigned to each Cabin.
Facilities.
Almost all of the facilities are relatively new at Camp Mac with only a few surviving ones such as the Canteen, remodeled.
Activities.
Campers participate in a mix of activities on a daily basis. The activities are divided into long pants day activities and short pants day activities so that the campers won't be constantly changing into different clothes. Short pants day Activities include Water activities and some sports. Long pants activities however include activities such as Horseback Riding and Riflery. Activities that basically require long pants to be worn. Some of these activities include

</doc>
<doc id="19175003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175003" title="Pizzo Pesciora">
Pizzo Pesciora

Pizzo Pesciora (or Poncione di Pesciora) is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Ticino. It lies north of Bedretto, on the ridge between the Witenwasserenstock and Pizzo Rotondo.

</doc>
<doc id="19175022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175022" title="Bank of the West Tower (Sacramento)">
Bank of the West Tower (Sacramento)

Bank of the West Tower, also known as Five Hundred Capitol Mall, is a 25-story high-rise in downtown Sacramento, California with a 10-level, 800 stall parking garage. The building consists of a 5-story atrium/lobby, ground floor retail, office space, and a 2-level penthouse restaurant or meeting facility. The structure has a steel frame and features a granite curtain wall with stone-on-precast and stone-on-truss panels on the exterior. The building, opened for business and welcomed its first tenant on May 26, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19175030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175030" title="Torresol Energy">
Torresol Energy

Torresol Energy is a company dedicated to developing renewable and alternative energies, focusing on concentrated solar energy. Its goal is the technological development, construction, operation and maintenance of concentrated solar power plants.
History.
Torresol Energy began to take shape in 2007, when SENER Grupo de Ingeniería decided to promote its own thermosolar plants. To do this, it joined forces with Masdar, the renewable energy company of the Government of Abu Dhabi. In 2008 Torresol Energy was founded, controlled by SENER Grupo de Ingeniería (60%) and Masdar (40%). The company focuses its efforts on southern Europe, northern Africa, the Mideast, the southwestern United States and South America. In 2011 it launched the Gemasolar plant into commercial operation in Fuentes de Andalucía, Seville - the first solar power plant with central tower receiver technology and a molten salt storage system; and in 2012 it commissioned two more thermosolar plants with parabolic trough technology (CCP): Valle 1 and Valle 2 in San José del Valle, Cádiz.
The plants.
Gemasolar is the first commercial solar plant in the world with central tower receiver and molten salt heat storage technology. It has a 19.9 MW power generating capacity, which translates into an expected net production of 110 GWh/year and a 15-hour storage capacity in the absence of solar radiation. The plant consists of a 185 ha solar field with a 140-m high tower receiver, a power island and 2650 heliostats, each 120 m2 and distributed in concentric rings around the tower. The facility is located in Fuentes de Andalucía in Seville, Spain. The inclusion of the molten salt heat storage system allows the plant to produce electricity even when there is no solar radiation. The heat collected by the salts (which can reach temperatures over 500°C), acts to generate steam which in turn is used to produce electric power. The excess heat accumulated during sunlight hours is stored in the molten salt tank, endowing the plant with the ability to produce electric power 24 hours a day in some months.
In January 2012, Valle 1 and Valle 2 were launched in San José del Valle (province of Cádiz, Spain): two adjacent plants that generate power using parabolic trough technology. Each of these plants boasts a 50 MW generation capacity, with an expected net power production of 160 GWh/year. The plants are located on a 510,000 m2 solar field equipped with SENERtrough® parabolic troughs. Each has a heat storage system with 7.5 hours of capacity. SENERtrough® parabolic troughs concentrate solar radiation into a central collector tube with thermal oil circulating in it, and they have high precision optical sensors which track the sun from east to west. The hot oil is used to vaporize water, which through expansion in a steam turbine, propels a power generator which sends power to the electrical grid.

</doc>
<doc id="19175031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175031" title="The Kiss and Other Movements">
The Kiss and Other Movements

The Kiss and Other Movements is the sixth album release by Michael Nyman, and the fifth recording (fourth full album) with the Michael Nyman Band. The title track is an "operatic duet" between Dagmar Krause and Omar Ebrahim, based on a painting of the same title by Paul Richards, which is depicted on the cover, and used in a video art project by Richards of the same name. The album includes music from Peter Greenaway's "Making a Splash" and "26 Bathrooms" (originally part of the concert work, "Memorial"), an excerpt of Nyman's unfinished opera, "Tristram Shandy", and a concert piece, "Tango Between the Lines". This is the inaugural album for longtime band member David Roach.
The works.
The Kiss.
"The Kiss" was commissioned as part of a Channel 4 series of artists videos, in which Nyman's "operatic duet" plays as Paul Richards creates a painting of a kiss with a Quantel Paintbox. By design, the male voice is a trained singer, the female voice is a self-trained, pop, non-music reader, preferably whose native language is not English, possibly representing an Etruscan. The parts were written for Omar Ebrahim and Anne Pigalle, who performed them in the video. Dagmar Krause replaced Pigalle for the album, and brought to it a darker sonority. The text is based on a collection of 15th century texts about art. The theme line "Images were introduced because many people cannot retain what they hear, but rememember if they see images" is intended by Nyman as ironic—the text originally referred to Biblical scenes versus texts from the Bible. The final bars of "The Kiss" were later used as a prelude to Nyman's opera with Victoria Hardie, "Vital Statistics", with which it shares a common theme. The theme is used to similar effect in their opera, "Facing Goya", which is a four-act opera built on the remains of "Vital Statistics", which flopped and was withdrawn.
Nose-List Song.
"Nose-List Song" is the fourth section of Nyman's unfinished opera, "Tristram Shandy". The song is based on "Slawkenbergius's Tale" from Volume IV, Chapter 1 of "The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman", which depicts a visitor to Strasbourg from the Promontory of Noses. It collects together most of the statements made about the visitor by Strasbourg's residents, verbatim from the novel by Laurence Sterne. As recorded, it is performed as a solo by soprano Sarah Leonard. All of the statements are included in the lyrics sheet, but lines 3-8 of the final stanza are omitted on the recording. The vocal line is mostly, but not entirely, in monotone, with the majority of musical ideas carried by the instrumental music, melodies built on a harmonic pinning of the dominant sevenths A, F, B, and, D.
The lyrics of 'Nose-list song'
Never saw such a nose in my life
'Tis a nose of parchment
It is six times as big but
'tis a nose like my nose
I heard it crackle
I saw it bleed
What a pity we didn’t both touch it
What a nose
'Tis as long as a trumpet
And of the same mettle as you hear by its sneezing
'Tis as soft as a flute
'Tis brass
'Tis a pudding's end
'Tis a brazen nose.
I'll know the bottom of it
For I will touch it with my finger before I sleep
My nose shall never be touched
whilst heaven give me strength
There is more in it than any of a dozen of the largest noses put together in all Strasbourg
'Tis a false nose, made of fir tree
There's a pimple on it
'Tis a dead nose
'Tis a live nose and if I am alive myself I will touch it
Such a monstrous nose, said they, had it been a true one could not possibly have been suffered in civil society -And if false- to impose on society with such False signs and tokens was a still greater violation of its rights and must have had still less mercy shown it.I have made a vow to St Nicholas this day that my nose shall not be touched till I…
I'll know the bottom of it for I will touch it with my fingers before I sleep.
Tango Between the Lines.
"A musical 'alloy', bringing together two different but related musical materials. The connection with the tango is somewhat imaginary." This is all Nyman had to say about the piece, the shortest, on the album.
Images Were Introduced.
Bearing the name of a key line in "The Kiss", this piece is the sixth movement of the larger work, "Memorial", assembled from music used in Peter Greenaway's "". Nyman describes the piece in the liner notes mainly in terms of an exploration of the beauty of Sarah Leonard's upper register, in which he does not have her use words.
Water Dances.
"Water Dances" forms the score of Peter Greenaway's 1984 film, "Making a Splash", a short documentary about synchronized swimming. It is the same recording used in the film, although for the film it was heavily edited and fades out at the end rather than reaching its conclusion. Eventually, Nyman expanded the piece into an eight-movement concert work lasting approximately 40 minutes, although the complete version has never been released on a commercial recording. "Stroking" is Movement 2, "Gliding" Movement 5, and "Synchronizing" Movement 8—Nyman describes Movement 5, a slow movement, as a "remake" of Movement 2. Six movements are built on the chord progression D-G-C-A, derived from a madrigal by Claudio Monteverdi. The remaining two movements are built on the chord progression C-E-flat-A-flat-G.
Personnel.
Performed by the Michael Nyman Band
with
Recorded and mixed by Neil Drake and Paddy Kingsland at Music Works and Paddy Kingsland Studio
Digital Editing at Nova Studio
Mastered at CBS Studios
Re-mastered for compact disc by David Cunningham and Michael J. Dutton, PRT Studios, 1990
Produced by Michael Nyman and David Cunningham
Cover painting and portraits of Michael Nyman by Paul Richards

</doc>
<doc id="19175032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175032" title="Elbridge Streeter Brooks">
Elbridge Streeter Brooks

Elbridge Streeter Brooks (1846–1902) was an American author, editor, and critic. He is chiefly remembered as an author of numerous works of fiction and nonfiction for children, much of it on historical or patriotic subjects. His byline for most of his writing was Elbridge S. Brooks.
Life and family.
Brooks was born on April 14, 1846 in Lowell, Massachusetts, the son of Universalist minister Elbridge Gerry Brooks and Martha Fowle (Monroe) Brooks. He was raised in Bath, Maine, Lynn, Massachusetts and New York City, where his father served in various churches. He was educated in the public schools of Lynn and New York and entered the Free Academy (later the College of the City of New York) in 1861, which he left during his junior year to seek work. Later, in 1887, he received an A.M. degree from Tufts College. As an adult he lived in Philadelphia and New York City until removing to Somerville, Massachusetts, his mother's home town, in 1887. He married, in 1870, Hannah-Melissa Debaun of New York. They had two daughters, Geraldine and Christine Brooks. Geraldine would also became an author, revising some of her father's works for new editions as well as writing her own works. Brooks died January 7, 1902 in Somerville. He was survived by his wife and daughters, though the younger, Christine, died the next year.
Career.
Brooks took a job as a clerk with the publishing house of D. Appleton & Company in 1865, and continued working professionally for various publishers and magazines for the remainder of his life. He was employed by Ford & Company, Sheldon & Company and Henry Holt & Company in the early 1870s before joining E. Steiger & Company in 1876 as head of its English educational and subscription department. He went on to become a member of the staff of "Publishers Weekly" in 1879, literary editor and dramatic critic for the "Brooklyn Daily Times" from 1883–1885, associate editor of "St. Nicholas Magazine" from 1884–1887, and an editor for D. Lothrop & Company from 1887 through his death, aside from the period of 1892-1895, when the firm went through financial difficulties and reorganization. He edited the series "The Story of the States" for Lothrop. He was also editor of "Wide Awake" from 1891-1893. 
Brooks started writing fiction, poetry and plays for children in 1879, his work appearing in "St. Nicholas", "Wide Awake", "Harper's Young People", "Golden Days", and "The Independent". Much of this material was afterwards collected into book form, published by D. Lothrop and others. Brooks ultimately penned nearly seventy book-length works, mostly drawn from history, and American history in particular; a number of these, however, were revisions or expansions of earlier works issued under new titles. Some of his patriotic works were issued under the auspices of the Sons of the American Revolution and the Daughters of the American Revolution. Brooks also wrote some material for adult audiences, including one of his earliest books, a biography of his own father.
He was a member of the Authors' Club of New York.
Reception.
Brooks' works were dismissed by some critics as "machine-made," but proved enduringly popular, some continuing to be reprinted many years after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19175035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175035" title="Retroactive overtime">
Retroactive overtime

Retroactive Overtime (ROT) is an additional amount of money that is awarded when an employee has a combination of overtime and an additional amount of money, such as a commission or a bonus that is guaranteed based upon work requirements. Overtime is required to qualify for retroactive overtime. So, if a salesperson receives a commission, but does not receive overtime, then the employee does not qualify for retroactive overtime.
Computation.
Retroactive Overtime is computed by using the number of hours of overtime worked for the specified payroll period to look up the coefficient percentages from the coefficient table (Form WH-134)
. This coefficient percentage is then multiplied by the commission and/or bonus to determine the ROT amount that will be awarded to the employee in addition to the already existing overtime and commission.
The additional amount on money beyond the overtime, the commission or bonus, must be a guaranteed payment to the employee based upon specified work criteria. Here are some examples of some bonuses that qualify and do not qualify.
Qualifying bonuses.
If an employee is awarded a known amount of money for working a certain shift or for working a number of consecutive weeks, that additional amount of money that is paid beyond the regular base pay and overtime will qualify for retroactive overtime if and only if there are also overtime hours paid during the same pay period of the qualifying bonus. You could also consider this to have an OT value of zero and add an additional look-up table value of all zeros for the percentages to use to determine the ROT amount.
Non-qualifying bonuses.
If an employee is awarded a discretionary bonus that is not guaranteed based upon specific work criteria, this bonus does not qualify for retroactive overtime. A good example of this is a Christmas bonus that may be awarded to employees. This is not a guaranteed bonus that the employee will receive for meeting a specified goal but is rather a bonus that is awarded to the employee on the discretion of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="19175039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175039" title="Roy Greaves">
Roy Greaves

Roy Greaves (born 4 April 1947) is an English former footballer who made more than 500 appearances in the Football League playing for Bolton Wanderers, where he spent the vast majority of his career, and Rochdale, and in the North American Soccer League for the Seattle Sounders.
Greaves was born in Farnworth, near Bolton. He began his football career as a junior with Bolton Wanderers, playing as a striker, and scored twice in his league debut against Southampton in 1965. With the team struggling after the abolishment of the maximum wage he still managed to lead the side's goal scoring charts but was criticised as the club went into the Third Division for the first time.
When Jimmy Armfield took over as manager in the summer of 1971 he withdrew Greaves into a midfield role. Playing in this role he helped the team win the Third Division Championship in 1972–73 and eventually back into the top flight in 1977–78. Bolton's relegation two seasons later brought an end to Greaves' time at the club and he moved initially to the United States to play for Seattle Sounders before seeing out his career with a season at Rochdale. He then moved back to Bolton to run a pub.

</doc>
<doc id="19175047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175047" title="2002 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2002 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

Lleyton Hewitt was the defending champion and won in the final 7–5, 7–5, 2–6, 2–6, 6–4 against Juan Carlos Ferrero.
Seeds.
<ol start="6">
<li> Roger Federer "(Semifinals)
<li> Jiří Novák "(Round robin)
<li> Albert Costa "(Round robin)
<li> Thomas Johansson "(Round robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19175049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175049" title="Peshtera Monastery">
Peshtera Monastery

The Peshtera Monastery of Saint Nicholas of Myra (, "Peshterski manastir „Sveti Nikolay Mirlikiyski”"), also known as the Mraka Monastery (Мрачки манастир, "Mrachki manastir") or Oryahov Monastery (Оряховски манастир, "Oryahovski manastir") is a medieval Eastern Orthodox monastery in western Bulgaria, located in the Mraka area at the village of Peshtera, near Zemen, Pernik Province. , the monastery is not operative.
The monastery was first mentioned in Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria's Oryahov Charter of 1 December 1348, which indicated that that particular tsar of the Second Bulgarian Empire had donated to the monastery. According to some researchers, the eastern part of the modern church dates to the 14th century, while others claim it belongs to the Mount Athos architectural type and is similar to Greek churches of the 16th-17th century, as well as the church of the nearby Poganovo monastery in what is today Serbia dated to 1500.
The Peshtera Monastery was abandoned during the Ottoman rule of Bulgaria. It was only renovated in 1842 by Dimitar Molerov of the Bansko artistic school, with the financial aid of the monk Simeon and his son. During the liberational Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878, however, it was burned by the retreating Ottoman troops who hanged Simeon, with his son fleeing to the Rila Monastery.
After the Liberation of Bulgaria, a prolonged cella was added to the old church and it was turned into the altar part. The new entrance from the west was designed as a three-arched portico with an arc-shaped pediment featuring a round window. A statue of the Ancient Roman god Mithras was unearthed during the reconstruction, leading to the assumption that a pre-Christian sanctuary existed at that place. Until the early 1990s, the monastery had a stone icon of Saint Nicholas made in 1853 by master Stoimen of Lobosh, but it has disappeared.

</doc>
<doc id="19175050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175050" title="List of Pipunculidae species of Great Britain">
List of Pipunculidae species of Great Britain

List of British species of the fly family Pipunculidae
This list is based on the world catalogue by De Meyer (1996), with revision of British species by Chandler (1998)

</doc>
<doc id="19175052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175052" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's shot put">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's shot put

These are the official results of the Men's Shot Put event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 28 participating athletes, with the final held on Saturday 21 August 1999.
Qualification.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19175078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175078" title="Security Device Event Exchange">
Security Device Event Exchange

Security Device Event Exchange (SDEE) is a new standard proposed by the International Computer Security Association that specifies the format of messages and protocol used to communicate events generated by security devices. 
This protocol is used in the Cisco Systems IPS Sensor 5.0 to replace Remote Data Exchange Protocol (RDEP), which is used by earlier versions of the Cisco IDS Sensor.

</doc>
<doc id="19175105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175105" title="Francisco Herrera the Younger">
Francisco Herrera the Younger

Francisco Herrera the Younger ("el Mozo"; 1622 - 25 August 1685) was a Spanish painter and architect.
Life.
Born at Seville, he was the second son of Francisco Herrera the Elder ("el Viejo"), and began his career under his father's instruction; but the father's violent temper at last became so intolerable that the youth fled to Rome. For six years the younger Herrera devoted himself to the study of architecture, perspective, and the antique, his aim being fresco painting. 
He excelled in still life. He already painted "bodegones", fish so cleverly done that the Romans called him "lo Spagnuolo dei pesci" ("the Spaniard of the Fish"). In 1656 he returned to Seville, founded the Seville Academy, and in 1660 became its sub-director under Bartolomé Esteban Murillo. 
He is said to have been vain, suspicious, hot-tempered, and jealous; at any rate he resented his subordinate post and went to Madrid about 1661 (Cean Bermúdez). Before leaving his native city he painted two large pictures for the cathedral and a "St. Francis" for the chapel of this saint. Edmund Walker Head declares the latter to be his masterpiece. 
In Madrid he painted a great "Triumph of St. Hermengild" for the church of the Carmelite friars, and a group of frescoes in San Felipe el Real which was appreciated by Philip IV of Spain, who commissioned him the painting of the dome of the chapel of Our Lady of Atocha, and thereafter made him painter to the king and superintendent of royal buildings. Besides his work in still life he painted many portraits, and while these lacked the vigour which characterized his father's work, they exhibit a greater knowledge and use of "chiaroscuro". 
Charles II of Spain kept him at his Court and made him master of the royal works. For this king Herrera renovated the Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar, in Zaragoza. 
Herrera died at Madrid in 1685.

</doc>
<doc id="19175121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175121" title="New Jersey State Museum">
New Jersey State Museum

The New Jersey State Museum is located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, New Jersey, United States, overlooking the Delaware River. The Museum is operated as part of the New Jersey Department of State. General admission is free. 
The Museum's main collection of artifacts and fine art dates back to items collected in the early 19th century. The Museum also includes a 150-seat planetarium and a 380-seat auditorium.
The Museum's replica of a "Hadrosaurus" — a specimen unearthed in Haddonfield in 1858 that was selected as the state's official dinosaur in 1991 — was the target of a renovation project in the late 1990s to correct a display that had been on exhibit since the 1930s. The replica's original skull, a model created as a substitute because the actual skull was not preserved, was to be replaced with the narrower skull of another duck-billed dinosaur.
The New Jersey State Museum serves a broad region between New York and Philadelphia. Because the Museum’s general admission is free and all programs are free or offered at a very low-cost, the Museum is accessible to visitors with low- to moderate incomes.
History.
The New Jersey State Museum was the first state museum in the country established with education as a primary focus of its mission. The New Jersey Legislature formally established the Museum by law in 1895; the Museum received re-accreditation from the American Alliance of Museums in August 2003. 
As eloquently put forth in the mission statement: The New Jersey State Museum serves the lifelong educational needs of residents and visitors through its collections, exhibitions, programs, publications, and scholarship in science, history, archaeology, and the arts. Within a broad context, the Museum explores the natural and cultural diversity of New Jersey, past and present.
In its beginning, like many museums of its era, the Museum focused on natural history. The first major collections were of rocks, minerals and fossils from the New Jersey Geological Survey, which began in 1836. In 1912, the Museum expanded its focus to include archaeology through an acquisition of artifacts produced by Native Americans in the region. These artifacts dated from the prehistoric and historic periods as well as from New Jersey's diverse populations during the Colonial and post-colonial eras. In 1922, the Museum was one of the first on the east coast to exhibit, as art, a collection of North American Indian objects. With the acquisition of these objects, the Museum started its ethnographic collections. In 1924, decorative arts were added to the Museum with examples from the Trenton-area ceramics industry. And while fine art had been exhibited and acquired through the mid-20th century, the Museum began a strong collecting emphasis on paintings, sculpture and works on paper in the early 1960s.
In 1964, the Museum moved from the State Capitol complex into the newly created Capitol Cultural Complex. The Main Building, now a classic example of modernist architecture, consists of four floors of exhibition space, a 150-seat Planetarium and public spaces including a Gift Shop and Café. A second building holds a 384-seat Auditorium as well as gallery spaces. Additionally, the Museum’s Civil War Flag Gallery, which exhibits the Museum’s Civil War flag collection on a rotating basis, is located at 225 West State Street.
Bureau of Archaeology/Ethnology.
The Bureau of Archaeology/Ethnology collections encompass approximately 2,400,000 prehistoric and historic specimens acquired by nearly 100 years of excavation, as well as more than 4,000 ethnographic objects acquired as gifts to the Museum. Scholars widely recognize the Museum’s archaeology specimens as the definitive systematic research collection for the study of the prehistory of New Jersey. Important sub-sets include the archaeological collections from both the Abbott Farm National Historic Landmark Site and the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. The Museum’s archaeology collections are respected as one of the most important collections for the regional study of northeastern North America, and provide data on the entire span of human occupation in New Jersey from prehistoric times to the 19th century.
The ethnographic collection consists of specimens that represent the Lenape and other North American Indian groups, and also include a small number of West African specimens collected to interpret the heritage of New Jersey's African-American population. Additionally, the collection also consists of a small grouping of Asian objects collected by New Jersey donors while they were on business or pleasure trips during the late 19th century through the 1950s. In a move toward reinterpreting the African and Asian works, these objects are now being presented as examples of cultural objects from people who have moved to New Jersey from around the globe.
Bureau of Cultural History.
The Bureau of Cultural History preserves and interprets historical objects that document the lives of people who have lived in New Jersey from the 17th century to the present. The collection includes over 13,000 artifacts documenting New Jersey’s cultural, economic, military, political, and social history, as well as aspects of its decorative arts. Ranging from ceramics produced by Trenton potteries to decorative quilts made and used by New Jersey women to utilitarian artifacts reflecting the rich maritime and agricultural heritage of the Garden State, the Cultural History Collection is one of the largest material culture collections dealing with New Jersey history. Textiles, trade tools, furniture, and an array of artifacts documenting craft, work, play, community, and family life are also represented in the collection. The Cultural History Bureau also oversees the preservation and interpretation of the NJ State Capitol’s collection of military flags used by New Jersey regiments in the Civil War and World War I.
Bureau of Education.
The Museum’s Bureau of Education offers programs or events designed to offer activities that not only engage our audiences but help to instill a desire for lifelong object-based learning. School groups may attend auditorium-style performances and Museum-based classes, as well as access classroom resources such as curriculum guides and object loans. Teachers’ workshops offer opportunities for classroom teachers to gain additional knowledge and skills which they may employ back in their own classrooms. General audiences can participate in a variety of performances, lectures, gallery walks, demonstrations, film series, scout programs and more.
Bureau of Fine Art.
The Bureau of Fine Art maintains more than 12,000 paintings, drawings, sculptures, prints and photographs from the 18th century to the present. The collection emphasizes important works by significant New Jersey artists within the context of American art, as well as works that depict New Jersey history or historic events. Included in the collection are works by the American modernists associated with Hoboken-born Alfred Stieglitz and by the American Abstract Artists group of the 1930s and 1940s, contemporary American art, the complete graphic output of New Jersey artists Ben Shahn and Jacob Landau, and a nationally-based collection of works by African-American artists from the 19th to 21st centuries. Additionally, there are small holdings of European and non-Western art for comparative purposes.
Bureau of Natural History.
The Bureau of Natural History holds a diverse collection of about 250,000 specimens which have historic and cultural significance, in addition to their scientific value. The natural history collections are especially strong in industrial minerals and ores, paleontology specimens (fossils), osteology specimens (bones), modern shells, and a systematic study skin component. Smaller sub-collections include pinned insects, fluid-preserved fauna, taxidermy mounts and glass lantern slides. The Museum displays an early reconstruction of the first nearly-complete dinosaur ever excavated; "Hadrosaurus foulkii" (affectionately known as “Haddy” among school children) which was found in Haddonfield, New Jersey in 1858. The bureau is also the repository for about 300 type (first documented) specimens of Paleozoic and Mesozoic fossils, as well as a large number of fossils documenting the Paleozoic strata within the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. Minerals from the zinc-mining locality of Franklin-Sterling Hill are well represented, including the largest number of fluorescent mineral species in the world, as are mine-specific specimens from New Jersey’s industrial iron mining past. Specimens from beyond New Jersey are used for comparative purposes in exhibitions and educational programming, to augment the systematic collections, and for research purposes.
Planetarium.
Since its opening in 1964, the State Museum’s Planetarium has been a large part of the Museum’s public programming, incorporating both educational programs and a variety of entertainment features, such as traditional sky shows and laser concerts. The Museum’s Planetarium is now fully renovated and equipped with “Full Dome” video technology, and also includes a digital video hemisphere as part of the Planetarium Lobby exhibitions 
The 150-seat Planetarium features a Minolta MS-10 instrument for sky shows and visual displays of the solar system. Exhibits include displays of constellations, solar system models and space exploration.

</doc>
<doc id="19175125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175125" title="Judah Johnson">
Judah Johnson

Judah Johnson is an American rock band from Detroit, Michigan.
History.
Judah Johnson formed in 1999 and first began recording in the summer of 2000 with Don Dixon. After touring regionally, they released their debut EP on Flameshovel Records in 2001. Following a series of lineup changes in early 2002, the band began recording material for a full-length in the summer of that year. The LP "Kisses and Interrogation" was released in 2003, and in 2006 a follow-up full-length, "Be Where I Be", was issued. That same year, the band performed at North East Sticks Together.

</doc>
<doc id="19175128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175128" title="Ken Johnson (Canadian football)">
Ken Johnson (Canadian football)

Ken Johnson (born January 5, 1951) was an all-star quarterback in the Canadian Football League.
Johnson was a graduate of the University of Colorado at Boulder, where he played from 1971 to 1973 and earned a degree in marketing. His career record as a starter for the Buffs was 18 wins and 5 losses. He led the Buffaloes to road wins over LSU and Ohio State in 1971 (and a #3 national ranking) and a home win against Oklahoma in 1972. He began his professional career in 1974 as a back-up quarterback for the World Football League's Portland Storm. In June, 1977, Johnson was signed as a free agent by the National Football League's Buffalo Bills. Though he was on the active roster for 14 games, he saw no action with the Bills and was released on August 22, 1978. A month later, Johnson signed with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
Seeing limited action in 1978, Johnson earned the Stampeders' starting job in 1979. Appearing in all 16 regular season games, Johnson completed 56.4% of his passes (176 of 312) for 2344 yards, 19 touchdowns, and 8 interceptions as he led the Stampeders to a 12-4 record and a CFL playoff berth. After falling one win short of the Grey Cup game in 1979, Johnson followed up with another solid season in 1980 setting a career high in touchdown passes (22) while completing 56.0% of his passes (218 of 389) for 3019 yards. The Stampeders finished 9-7 in 1980 and were eliminated in the first round of the CFL playoffs. The Stampeders slide would continue in 1981, which likely led to Johnson being traded after 12 games to the Montreal Alouettes on October 11, 1981. Overall, he would appear in 15 games that season, completing a career high 59.3% of his passes (254 of 428) for 3364 yards, 18 touchdowns, and 13 interceptions. Johnson would not see much action with the reborn Montreal franchise, Montreal Concordes, in 1982. He appeared in only 2 games before being traded to the Toronto Argonauts for linebacker Duncan MacKinlay on August 4, 1982. Eight days later, the Argonauts traded Johnson back to Montreal who immediately placed him on their injured list for the remainder of the season.
Granted free agency on January 15, 1983, Johnson returned to the U.S. when he signed with the USFL's Denver Gold five days later. Though starting the season as a backup, Johnson would officially take over the starting job in Week 3 on a snowy Soldier Field in Chicago. Facing bitter cold, 20 mph winds, and George Allen's veteran-laden Chicago Blitz squad, Johnson would throw only 6 passes but led a 70 yard long game winning drive late in the 4th quarter. Johnson dove into the endzone on 4th down with only 22 seconds remaining to cap off the drive and seal the Gold's win (Gold 16, Blitz 13). Johnson would remain the primary starter until an ankle injury ended his season during a Week 11 loss to the Boston Breakers. Johnson finished the season completing 48.8% of his passes (121 of 248) for 1115 yards, 6 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions. The Gold released Johnson on January 9, 1984, and was awarded on waivers to the Memphis Showboats on January 16, 1984. Johnson saw limited action as a backup for Walter Lewis during the 1984 season and retired prior to the 1985 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19175158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175158" title="Martin Luther Thompson">
Martin Luther Thompson

Martin Luther Thompson was a Texas Choctaw leader and rancher who along with his relatives, William Clyde Thompson (1839–1912), Robert E. Lee Thompson (1872–1959) and John Thurston Thompson (1864–1907), led several families of Choctaws from the Mount Tabor Indian Community in Rusk County, Texas to Pickens County, Chickasaw Nation, I.T. (now Marlow, Oklahoma)
Background.
Martin, the son of Thomas Umphres Thompson (1829–1864) and Martha Strong Thompson (1836–1920) (who were first cousins) was born in Rusk County, Texas on September 20, 1857. He married Inez Monterey Fannin at Camp Colorado, Coleman County, Texas on June 22, 1876. Inez who was born on May 15, 1860 at the Mount Tabor Indian Community in Rusk County, Texas, was the daughter of William Moore Fannin (1833–1877) who was one-fourth Choctaw, and Sarah Horton (1840–1928) who was one-half Choctaw, One-fourth Chickasaw and one-sixteenth Cherokee.
The couple made their homes near New London in Rusk County before relocating to the Chickasaw Nation in 1894. While living in the Chickasaw Nation, the couple lived in what is now rural Stephens County, Oklahoma near the community of Bray. Together the couple had eight children: Willie Newton (female), Althia, Decater Lee, Thomas Agatha (female), Clarence, Melissa Alavada, Cone Johnson and Mossie Brown. Martin died on August 25, 1946 in Jacksonville, Texas. He was preceded in death by his wife Inez on January 10, 1931 in Overton, Texas. Both are buried in Asbury Cemetery in Smith County.
Mount Tabor Indian Community and the Chickasaw Nation.
Martin L. Thompson, who had been chosen the leader of the Choctaws at Mount Tabor in 1885, was passed over in favor of William Clyde Thompson, to represent the Yowani Choctaw descendants in the Chickasaw Nation, in their attempt to attain citizenship by blood in the Choctaw Nation. During the period of the Dawes Commission building of a Final Roll of the Five Civilized Tribes (1895–1907), Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians could live any place they close within the two nations. The reasons for this were many, but primarily the two tribes had been one not long before European contact. They spoke the same language, with some dialectal differences, and were culturally similar. In fact shortly after removal, the two tribes were united into one group for a short period of time. 
Following his return to Texas he remained in a leadership position until his death. Although influential within the Mount Tabor Community, the larger organization, the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands was led only by Cherokees both within the community and in the Cherokee Nation. Most Cherokees had left Rusk County between 1866 and 1900. While the overall leadership moved from William Penn Adair until his death in Washington, D.C. in 1880, for a period it was again centered in Texas through John Martin Thompson. With his death in 1907, the Executive Committee of the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands was shifted back to the Cherokee Nation with Claude Muskrat as Chairman. He was succeeded by W.W. Keeler who was later to serve as Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation.
With the resignation of Keeler in 1972 and the adoption of a constitution for the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma in 1975, the Texas Cherokee Executive Committee was again led by Texans. Judge Foster T. Bean replaced Keeler and remained in that capacity until 1988.
Later life.
For Martin L. Thompson family, ranching and oil would consume the remainder of his life. His only other claim to fame was his conflict with George Fields, attorney for the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands in the 1920s. The issue was over inclusion of the Choctaws in litigation related to the Treaty of Bowles Village in 1839. From this conflict, the word Choctaw was scratched off the documents that were to be a part of the brief submitted to the United States Supreme Court in 1921.
Although his family was not able to be listed as citizens by blood on the Final Rolls of the Choctaw Nation, his return to Texas was for the best. Oil was discovered on his land and by the time of his death he was one of the wealthiest Choctaws in the United States. From this start many of his descendants went on to prosperous lives as doctors, attorneys, ranchers and teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="19175160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175160" title="Chhipra">
Chhipra

Chhipra is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 777 persons living in 146 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175166" title="Dami">
Dami

Dami is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1299 persons living in 250 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175176" title="Dandafaya">
Dandafaya

Dandafaya is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1255 persons living in 232 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175180" title="List of celebrities appearing on Daily Cooks Challenge">
List of celebrities appearing on Daily Cooks Challenge

Several celebrities have appeared on the ITV cookery show, "Daily Cooks Challenge". The following is a list of such appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19175182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175182" title="Robert Corbin">
Robert Corbin

Robert Herman Orlando Corbin is a Guyanese politician who was the leader of the opposition People's National Congress (PNC) between 2003 and 2012.
Born in Linden, Guyana, Corbin worked for the Youth Ministry of the Presbyterian Church before being educated in social work and law at the University of Guyana and the Hugh Wooding Law School. He worked as a social worker from 1966 to 1977 and during this time joined the PNC youth arm, the Young Socialist Movement before taking up a seat on the party's Central Executive Committee.
Corbin, who was first elected to the National Assembly of Guyana in 1973, became one of the leading lights in the PNC, serving the party as Senior Vice Chairman and General Secretary as well as holding a number of government ministries, including the office of Deputy Prime Minister from 1985 to 1992. Elected PNC chairman in 2000, in December 2002 became acting party leader following the death of Desmond Hoyte. In February 2003 he was officially chosen to lead the PNC.
A disappointing defeat for the PNC in the 2006 legislative elections saw Corbin's leadership come under scrutiny, although ultimately his two prospective challengers withdrew before a contest could be organised and his leadership was affirmed. In July 2012 Corbin was succeeded as party leader by David Arthur Granger.
Corbin, who is married with five grown-up children, continues to practice as an attorney-at-law. He is also the younger brother of singer and actor Sol Raye.

</doc>
<doc id="19175187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175187" title="Gothi, Nepal">
Gothi, Nepal

Gothi is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 965 persons living in 176 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175190" title="Eugen Kapp">
Eugen Kapp

Eugen Kapp (13 May 1908 – 29 October 1996) was an Estonian composer and music educator. Characterized by simple harmonies, march rhythms and an appealing melodic style, his music is reflective upon the musical ideas favoured by the Stalinist regime of the 1940s and 1950s. He is best remembered today for his contribution to Russian opera.
Born at Astrakhan, Kapp was the son of Artur Kapp, who was also a composer and teacher. Kapp studied under his father at the Tallinn Conservatory and graduated from there in 1931. Four years later he joined the adjunct faculty at the Conservatory where he taught music theory and composition. He won the Stalin Prize in 1946 for his opera "Tasuleegid" (‘Fire of Revenge’). In 1947 he was appointed as a full professor at the Conservatory, acting as rector from 1952 to 1964. Several of Kapp's students, such as Eino Tamberg, went on to have successful careers. From 1948 to 1965, Kapp served as chair of the Estonian Composers' Union. In 1950 he was awarded a Stalin Prize for another opera, "Vabaduse laulik" ("Bard of Freedom"), followed by a third prize in 1952 for the ballet "Kalevipoeg". 
Kapp died in Tallinn in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19175198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175198" title="Hepka">
Hepka

Hepka is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 977 persons living in 159 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175204" title="Jaur">
Jaur

Jaur is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1336 persons living in 270 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175208" title="What's He Building in There?">
What's He Building in There?

What's He Building in There? was a Canadian experimental metal band, formed in 2006 in Waterloo. The band's music combined elements of funk, avant-garde metal and progressive rock. The band, named after a Tom Waits song from "Mule Variations", were known for their live show in which they usually wear outrageous costumes. They have been said to "create a sort of audio psychosis that totally envelopes and surrounds the listener like a straight jacket," and their debut album has been described as "an unlikable masterpiece." 
History.
What's He Building in There? was formed in 2006 in Waterloo, Ontario by drummer Liam Epps, vocalist Chris Schroeder, bassist Hal Jaques, and guitarists David Halk and Chris Cookson. With the exception of Cookson, all members were previously of the band Abacus, which disbanded in 2006 (after their 2005 EP release) due to founding member, Darren Hartley, leaving the band to be with his wife and kids. The band released their debut, self-titled album under Year of the Sun Records in May 2007. The album was solely released on a Canadian independent label, and distributed throughout the US by The End Records. Following the debut of their album, the band released an avant-garde music video for the single "Avian Taxi", which has sparked interest due to the fact it takes place in Canada's largest indoor playground, Kidzone Family Fun Center, with the band dressed in many different costumes (giant lobster, gecko, chicken, and turtle) with Darren Hartley's oldest child, Xander Hartley as the main character, and Hartley himself dressed as the bear. The video premiered on the frontpage of the popular media site Heavy.com, with Heavy Canada's vice president, David U.K., stating that the company is "committed to supporting the Canadian indie music scene." 
After a series of tours supporting the debut album, David Halk and Chris Cookson left to continue their education, while Halk resurfaced a few years later under the alias Hollywood Halk, but has yet to release an album. Mason Tikl (guitar) and Aiden Stevenson (bass) joined the band in March 2008 and Hal Jaques changed instruments to play guitar. In the first couple months of the new line up, the band wrote three new songs that they played on their July 2008 western Canada tour.
In September 2008, Aiden Stevenson left the band to continue his education. What's He Building in There? toured eastern Canada in October 2008, with Fredericton's We, the Undersigned. The band then moved to Montreal.
In February 2009, the band announced that they would permanently switch from a five piece to a four piece. Hal Jaques migrated back to his original role as bass guitarist, and Mason Tikl remained as the sole guitarist. The band toured as a four piece during their entire coast to coast "Is That Eh?" Canadian tour from late February to mid April. From March to April 2009 WHBIT toured cross-Canada with We, the Undersigned.
In October 2009, the band toured eastern Canada once again, and for the first time including Newfoundland. They, alongside tour-mates Ninjaspy, recorded the first episode of MTV's Metal vs. Metal.
In June 2010, the band's record label, Year Of The Sun Records, signed a distribution deal with Relapse Records to expand the availability of the band's album throughout the United States of America.
The group has since disbanded. However, the members pursue other projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19175216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175216" title="Kalika, Humla">
Kalika, Humla

Kalika is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2430.

</doc>
<doc id="19175223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175223" title="Kermi">
Kermi

Kermi is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 518 persons living in 76 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175226" title="Khagalgaun">
Khagalgaun

Khagalgaun is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 632 persons living in 92 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175230" title="Kharpunath">
Kharpunath

Kharpunath is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 682 persons living in 133 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175234" title="Thirteen at Dinner (film)">
Thirteen at Dinner (film)

Thirteen at Dinner is a 1985 American-British television film featuring the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot. Adapted from the Agatha Christie novel "Lord Edgware Dies" by Rod Browning it was directed by Lou Antonio and starred Peter Ustinov, Faye Dunaway, Jonathan Cecil, Diane Keen and Bill Nighy. David Suchet, later to play Poirot in the long-running television series entitled "Agatha Christie's Poirot", played the role of Inspector Japp. Suchet considers his performance as Japp to be "possibly the worst performance of career."

</doc>
<doc id="19175236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175236" title="Lali, Humla">
Lali, Humla

Lali is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1051 persons residing in 185 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175246" title="Lauthi">
Lauthi

Lauthi is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1503 persons living in 451 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175250" title="Limi">
Limi

Limi is a village and municipality in a namesake valley in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. As of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 988 persons living in 169 individual households.
Geography.
Limi is a remote Trans-Himalayan Valley in north-west Nepal bordering Tibet. Its remoteness has made it unknown to tourists until very recently. It consists of three villages: Til (4100 m elevation) in the west; Zang (3930 m) in the east; and the biggest village, Waltse (3700 m), in the middle.
It has strong ties to Tibet, and has maintained many aspects of traditional Tibetan culture. The valley has monasteries over 800 years old, which are still in use today.
History.
Limi was included in Nepal in the 1961 Sino-Nepal border treaty.
Source of Life.
People in the valley are sustained by simple agriculture and traditional wooden handicrafts for trading in Tibet.
Tourist Factors.
Due to its remoteness, There are so many things which recall some age ago Tibet's Condition. It is also a popular destination for high altitude hiking trails.

</doc>
<doc id="19175251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175251" title="Who's Irish?">
Who's Irish?

"Who's Irish?" is a 224-page short story collection written in 1999 by Gish Jen.
Stories.
Who's Irish?<br>
Birthmates<br>
The Water Faucet Vision<br>
Duncan in China<br>
Just Wait<br>
Chin<br>
In the American Society<br>
House. House. Home.
"Who's Irish?".
Plot Summary.
This is the story of an elderly Chinese woman and her mixed family living in America. She begins talking about her granddaughter, Sophie, who is the daughter of John, who is Irish, and the narrator's daughter Natalie who is Chinese. The narrator tells of how wild her granddaughter is and makes various cultural distinctions calling her Sophie "wild" and saying "millions of children in China, not one act like this." ( Jen, 400). She also writes that her methods of discipline are not exactly embraced by her Irish son-in-law's family. The narrator argues that spanking is acceptable while her daughter encourages her to use her words (Jen, 401) 
The main climax of the story takes place when the narrator takes Sophie to play in the park. Sophie learns from another kid, Sinbad, that it is ok to kick their parents. So Sophie kicks Sinbad's mother to which the narrator responds by spanking Sophie. Sophie then hides in a foxhole that Sinbad created and throws a clump of dirt onto her grandmother. The narrator is furious and tries to get Sophie to come out of the foxhole. She eventually grabs a stick and begins to poke at Sophie to see if she is still alive. Evening comes, as well as Natalie and John who are furious when they see the narrator poking at their daughter with a stick. John gets Sophie out but she is covered in bruises.
At the end of the story, Natalie convinces the narrator that she needs to move out. Bess, John's Mother, offers to let the narrator come stay with her. Natalie and John come and visit but they do not bring Sophie. Bess says they will in time. The story ends with the narrator reflecting on how she has become an honorary Irish.
Analysis.
This story is a major culture clash; an east meets west sort of thing. The narrator represents the old, traditions of her ancestors. From her demeanor to her method of discipline, the reader can see that she is deeply rooted in her ways. Her daughter and son-in-law represent the changing, fast-paced American life. And the narrator's granddaughter is a culmination of both, as she is being shaped by 3 major influences: her conservative grandmother, her parents, and her free-spirited babysitter, Amy, who taught her it is ok to run around without any clothes on. Even though the story is one-sided, the story is only read through the point of view of the narrator, the reader can see how this mixed Irish-Chinese family symbolizes the mixing and smelting of American culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19175253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175253" title="Antenna (band)">
Antenna (band)

Antenna was an American indie rock band active from 1991 to 1994.
The group was put together in Bloomington, Indiana by John Strohm and Freda Love, who had previously played together in the group Blake Babies. After adding local musicians Jacob Smith and Vess Ruhtenberg to the lineup, they began recording some of the songs Strohm had written while a member of the Blake Babies. Their debut full-length followed on Mammoth Records not long afterwards.
After the departure of Ruhtenberg and Love, Patrick Spurgeon joined the group and an EP, "Sleep", was released in 1992. The full-length "Hideout" followed in 1993, with Ed Ackerson filling in on second guitar for the departed Ruhtenberg. Love returned for the "For Now" EP, also issued in 1993, but it was the group's last before dissolving. Following the breakup, Love and Smith married, and Strohm formed Velo-Deluxe before moving on to a solo career later in the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19175256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175256" title="Guye Peak">
Guye Peak

Guye Peak is a mountain in Washington State, United States. Named for Francis M. Guye, who held an iron mining claim on it in the 1880s, it lies in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness area of the Cascade Range and overlooks Snoqualmie Pass from the north. 
Guye Peak was first climbed on October 6, 1912 by Charles Hazlehurst, Hector Abel, Paul Dubuar, and Mary Hard. The climb is from the pass valley and has mixed rock climbing and scrambling, ranging from to . It is popular partly because of easy access from Interstate 90.
Like other hiking experiences in the region, Guye Peak has wet-climate hazards such as mossy or otherwise slippery rocks in the summer and avalanches in the winter. At least eight climbers have died in falls on Guye Peak, including the mathematician Oded Schramm in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19175262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175262" title="Bewafa Sanam">
Bewafa Sanam

 
Bewafa Sanam is a 1995 Hindi film directed by Gulshan Kumar. It stars Krishan Kumar(Brother of Gulshan Kumar), Shilpa Shirodkar, Aruna Irani, Shakti Kapoor and Kiran Kumar. The screenplay was written by Sachin Bhowmick, dialogue by Madan Joshi, and story by Gulshan Kumar. It was produced by Gulshan Kumar.
Plot.
Sundar and Sheetal love each other and hope to get married soon. His mother approves of this match, Sundar makes his living by playing cricket and has become a very popular cricketer and this has brought about many enemies in his life. Among them are Gautam, who conspires with Sheetal to bring about the destruction of Sundar, to which Sheetal agrees because Gautam has Sheetal's mother captive and threatens to kill her if Sheetal does not agree to all his schemes and they send goons after him and after trashing the goons he lands himself in jail and here is where he will find out that Sheetal is not what she claims to be. Frustrated at this, on Sheetal and Gautam wedding, Sundar picks up a pistol and shoots Sheetal in public and is charged for this crime. A charge that carries the death sentence. Later in the movie a journalist tries to help him and finds out everything that happened. Once Sundar realises that Sheetal was forced to do everything and she actually loved him, he requests the authority to let him visit Sheetal's grave one last time before he is hanged for his crime and they let him. Sundar dies on her grave after kissing her grave stone.
Reception.
Bewafa Sanam was an unexpected hit at the Box-Office, the only certified hit of Krishan Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="19175263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175263" title="Madana, Nepal">
Madana, Nepal

Madana is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1283 persons living in 137 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175265" title="Bank of the West Tower">
Bank of the West Tower

Bank of the West Tower is the name of at least two buildings in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19175273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175273" title="Maila">
Maila

Maila is a town and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3095 persons living in 590 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175281" title="Melchham">
Melchham

Melchham is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1364 persons living in 265 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175289" title="Mimi, Nepal">
Mimi, Nepal

Mimi is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 800 persons living in 151 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175294" title="KGKL">
KGKL

KGKL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19175299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175299" title="Muchu">
Muchu

Muchu is a Village development committee in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 917 persons living in 164 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175306" title="Raya, Nepal">
Raya, Nepal

Raya is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1288 persons living in 232 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175314" title="Monte San Salvatore">
Monte San Salvatore

The Monte San Salvatore (912 m) is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps above Lake Lugano and the city of Lugano in Switzerland. The Monte San Salvatore funicular links the city with the summit of the mountain. 

</doc>
<doc id="19175339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175339" title="Ripa, Nepal">
Ripa, Nepal

Ripa is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1517 persons living in 289 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175340" title="Charles E.F. Millard">
Charles E.F. Millard

Charles E.F. Millard is the former Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) and is currently a Managing Director in charge of Pension Relations with Citigroup. He was the first Director of the PBGC to be confirmed by the United States Senate and ran the agency from 2007 to 2009. As Director, Mr. Millard was the chief executive officer of the PBGC and carried the rank of Under Secretary. He was previously a member of the New York City Council, representing the Upper East Side of Manhattan as a Republican.
Tenure at the PBGC.
During his tenure at PBGC, the agency's deficit shrank from $18.9 billion to $11.2 billion.
The PBGC is governed by a three-person Board; the Secretaries of Treasury, Commerce, and Labor. In February 2008, the Board adopted a new investment policy presented to it by Millard. Millard has argued that with very long time horizons, the PBGC should be able to invest in higher return assets. The investment policy was approved in early 2008 by PBGC's board and aims to put 45 percent of the Corporation's $55 billion in equities, 45 percent in fixed income assets, and 10 percent in alternative investments such as private equity and private real estate, replacing the investment policy in place since 2004, which put 75 to 85 percent in fixed income assets, and 15 to 25 percent in equities. No assets were transitioned into equities during fiscal year 2008 and the PBGC only began the transition of some assets from fixed-income to equities in late November 2008. The New York Times also noted that as of May 2009, the PBGC fund had not fully implemented this transition.
<br>Peter R. Orszag (then director of the Congressional Budget Office) stated the following about Millard's plan:
"The change in investment strategy represents an effort on the part of PBGC to increase the expected returns on its assets and to diminish the likelihood that taxpayers will be called on to cover some of its liabilities. The new strategy is likely to produce higher returns, on average, over the long run. But the new strategy also increases the risk that PBGC will not have sufficient assets to cover retirees’ benefit payments when the economy and financial markets are weak. By investing a greater share of its assets in risky securities, PBGC is more likely to experience a decline in the value of its portfolio during an economic downturn—the point at which it is most likely to have to assume responsibility for a larger number of underfunded pension plans."
<br>The New York Times reported that Millard was criticized by the PBGC inspector general for ethical matters related to his tenure as PBGC director. In 2009, Millard relied on his Fifth Amendment right not to testify before a Senate investigative committee, according to an article in the Boston Globe In March 2010, the Inspector General advised Senators Grassley, Baucus, Enzi, and Harkin that her office had completed its investigation with the United States Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York and that no charges would be filed.
Earlier career.
Millard was previously a Managing Director with Lehman Brothers and was a cabinet official in the administration of New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani.
Public Sector.
Under Mayor Giuliani, Millard served as President of the New York City Economic Development Corporation and Chairman of the New York City Industrial Development Agency.
Millard served on the New York City Council where, in 1992, he drafted legislation to eliminate pornography stores from many New York neighborhoods.
Millard also ran for Congress in 1994 against Representative Carolyn Maloney. He lost 64% to 35%. His 35% of the vote is ten points higher than that of any Republican candidate in that district since then.
Private Sector.
In the private sector, Millard served as a Managing Director at both Lehman Brothers and Prudential Securities, and immediately prior to joining the PBGC, Millard was a Managing Director at Broadway Partners, a national real estate investment and management firm in New York. Millard also served as an attorney with Davis Polk & Wardwell where his activities included constitutional litigation in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Millard was also an op-ed columnist for the "New York Post".
In 1979-80, he worked as a VISTA volunteer in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, and in 1982-83, he served as Legislative Assistant for Foreign Affairs for Congresswoman Millicent Fenwick.
Education.
According to his 2007 profile at the PBGC website, "Mr. Millard holds a B.A. Honors Degree, cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from the College of the Holy Cross and a J.D. from Columbia Law School, where each year he was ranked a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar."
Personal.
Millard is father of nine children.
Political Views.
"The left in this country is determined to glorify those who hate America no matter what," wrote Millard in a 2006 New York Post column that attacked Riverside Church for its support of what he termed "terror-aiding lawyer Lynne Stewart."
References.
"In Praise of Slow Bureaucracy", http://norris.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/05/15/in-praise-of-slow-bureaucracy/

</doc>
<doc id="19175349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175349" title="Chinese script styles">
Chinese script styles

In Chinese calligraphy, Chinese characters can be written according to five major styles. These styles are intrinsically linked to the history of Chinese script.
Styles.
When used in decorative ornamentation, such as book covers, movie posters, and wall hangings, characters are often written in ancient variations or simplifications that deviate from the modern standards used in Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese or Korean. Modern variations or simplifications of characters, akin to Chinese Simplified characters or Japanese "shinjitai", are occasionally used, especially since some simplified forms derive from cursive script shapes in the first place.
The Japanese syllabaries of katakana and hiragana are used in calligraphy; the katakana were derived from the shapes of regular script characters and hiragana from those of cursive script. In Korea, the post-Korean War period saw the increased use of hangul, the Korean alphabet, in calligraphy.
Seal script.
The seal script (often called "small seal" script) is the formal script of the Qín system of writing, which evolved during the Eastern Zhōu dynasty in the state of Qín and was imposed as the standard in areas Qín gradually conquered. Although some modern calligraphers practice the most ancient oracle bone script as well as various other scripts older than seal script found on Zhōu dynasty bronze inscriptions, seal script is the oldest style that continues to be "widely" practiced.
Today, this style of Chinese writing is used predominantly in seals, hence the English name. Although seals (name chops), which make a signature-like impression, are carved in wood, jade and other materials, the script itself was originally written with brush and ink on bamboo books and other media, just like all other ancient scripts.
Most people today cannot read the seal script, so it is considered an ‘ancient’ script, generally not used outside the fields of calligraphy and carved seals. However, because seals act like legal signatures in the cultures of China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam, and because vermillion seal impressions are a fundamental part of the presentation of works of art such as calligraphy and painting, seals and therefore seal script remain ubiquitous.
Clerical script.
The clerical script (often simply termed lìshū; and sometimes called "official", "draft", or "scribal" script) is popularly thought to have developed in the Hàn dynasty and to have come directly from seal script, but recent archaeological discoveries and scholarship indicate that it instead developed from a roughly executed and rectilinear popular or ‘vulgar’ variant of the seal script as well as from seal script itself, resulting first in a ‘proto-clerical’ version in the Warring States period to Qín Dynasty, which then developed into clerical script in the early Western Hàn dynasty, and matured stylistically thereafter.
Clerical script characters are often "flat" in appearance, being wider than the preceding seal script and the modern standard script, both of which tend to be taller than they are wide; some versions of clerical are square, and others are wider. Compared with the preceding seal script, forms are strikingly rectilinear; however, some curvature and some seal script influence often remains. Seal script tended towards uniformity of stroke width, but clerical script gave the brush freer rein, returning to the variations in width seen in early Zhōu brushwork. Most noticeable is the dramatically flared tail of one dominant horizontal or downward-diagonal stroke, especially that to the lower right. This characteristic stroke has famously been called 'silkworm head and wild goose tail' (蠶頭雁尾 cántóu yànwěi）in Chinese) due to its distinctive shape.
The archaic clerical script or ‘proto-clerical’ of the Chinese Warring States period to Qín Dynasty and early Hàn Dynasty can often be difficult to read for a modern East Asian person, but the mature clerical script of the middle to late Hàn dynasty is generally legible. Modern calligraphic works and practical applications (e.g., advertisements) in the clerical script tend to use the mature, late Hàn style, and may also use modernized character structures, resulting in a form as transparent and legible as regular (or standard) script. The clerical script remains common as a typeface used for decorative purposes (for example, in displays), but other than in artistic calligraphy, adverts and signage, it is not commonly written.
Semi-cursive script.
The semi-cursive script (also called "running" script, 行書) approximates normal handwriting in which strokes and, more rarely, characters are allowed to run into one another. In writing in the semi-cursive script, the brush leaves the paper less often than in the regular script. Characters appear less angular and rounder. 
In general, an educated person in China or Japan can read characters written in the semi-cursive script with relative ease, but may have occasional difficulties with certain idiosyncratic shapes.
Cursive script.
The cursive script (sometimes called "grass script", 草書) is a fully cursive script, with drastic simplifications requiring specialized knowledge; even a person who can read the semi-cursive script cannot be expected to read the cursive script without training.
Entire characters may be written without lifting the brush from the paper at all, and characters frequently flow into one another. Strokes are modified or eliminated completely to facilitate smooth writing and to create a beautiful, abstract appearance. Characters are highly rounded and soft in appearance, with a noticeable lack of angular lines. Due to the drastic simplification and ligature involved, this script is not considered particularly legible to the average person, and thus has never achieved widespread use beyond the realm of literati calligraphers.
The cursive script is the source of Japanese "hiragana", as well as many modern simplified forms in Simplified Chinese characters and Japanese "shinjitai".
Regular script.
The regular script (often called "standard" script or simply ‘kǎishū’ 楷书) is one of the last major calligraphic styles to develop, emerging between the Chinese Hàn dynasty and Three Kingdoms period, gaining dominance in the Southern and Northern Dynasties, and maturing in the Táng Dynasty. It emerged from a neatly written, early period semi-cursive form of clerical script. As the name suggests, the regular script is "regular", with each of the strokes placed slowly and carefully, the brush lifted from the paper and all the strokes distinct from each other.
The regular script is also the most easily and widely recognized style, as it is the script to which children in East Asian countries and beginners of East Asian languages are first introduced. For learners of calligraphy, the regular script is usually studied first to give students a feel for correct placement and balance, as well as to provide a proper base for the other, more flowing styles.
In the regular script samples to the right, the characters in the left column are in Traditional Chinese while those to the right are in Simplified Chinese.
Edomoji.
There is also a large family of native Japanese calligraphic styles known as "edomoji", characters created in the Edo period of Japanese history, such as "sumōmoji" (sumo letters) used to write sumō wrestling posters, "kanteiryū", used for kabuki, "higemoji", and so on. These styles are typically not taught in Japanese calligraphy schools.
Chinese and Korean people can read "edomoji", but the style has a distinct Japanese feel to it. It is therefore commonly used in China and Korea to advertise Japanese restaurants.
Munjado.
Munjado is a Korean decorative style of rendering Chinese characters in which brush strokes are replaced with representational paintings that provide commentary on the meaning.[http://www.nfm.go.kr:8080/english/search/sch_src/full.cgi?v_kw_str=&v_db=2&v_doc_no=00000671] The characters thus rendered are traditionally those for the eight Confucian virtues of humility, honor, duty, propriety, trust, loyalty, brotherly love, and filial piety.
Kaō.
The "kaō" is a stylized calligraphic signature. Many Japanese emperors, shogun, and even modern politicians develop their own "kaō."

</doc>
<doc id="19175350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175350" title="Rodikot">
Rodikot

Rodikot is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1722 persons living in 309 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175358" title="Sarkeedeu">
Sarkeedeu

Sarkeedeu is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1634.

</doc>
<doc id="19175385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175385" title="Saya, Nepal">
Saya, Nepal

Saya is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1422 persons living in 268 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175396" title="KGUM">
KGUM

KGUM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19175402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175402" title="Shree Nagar, Humla">
Shree Nagar, Humla

Shree Nagar is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2608 persons living in 426 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175414" title="Shreemastha">
Shreemastha

Shreemastha is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 915.

</doc>
<doc id="19175434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175434" title="Syada">
Syada

Syada () is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1307 persons living in 213 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175449" title="Thechaya">
Thechaya

Thechaya is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1664 persons living in 314 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175450" title="Seamester">
Seamester

Sea -mester Global Programs is an organization which offers academic, abroad programs on board two sailing vessels, "Ocean Star" and "Argo". Sea~mester began running programs in 1998 as an extension from its sister organization ActionQuest. Full semester course are offered on board including Oceanography, Marine Biology, Professional Skipper Certification Training, Leadership, Basic Seamanship, and Independent Research Project. Courses are accredited through the State College of Florida (SCF). 
Mission.
Sea-mester is an institution dedicated to the facilitation and development of practical watermanship skills and defining of academic interests in ocean and earth science, while offering college credit and promoting personal growth, teamwork and leadership through a distinctive, experiential educational program based upon active participation and individual support.
History.
Sea~mester ran its first program in 1998 aboard two Beneteau monohulls. In 1999, Sea~mester acquired the schooner "Ocean Star" and began running 80-day programs with high school graduates and college students. 
"Ocean Star" sails throughout the Caribbean, from Tortola to Grenada. Occasionally, "Ocean Star" sails with another monohull or catamaran, allowing berths for over 25 students. 
The steady growth of Sea~mester with "Ocean Star" allowed for the expansion of its fleet with the design and construction of the schooner "S/Y Argo". "Argo" was built in Samut Prakan, Thailand and completed in June 2006. Since then, "Argo" has been making her way around the globe with students. She is completed her first circumnavigation of the Earth in December 2008 and was hoping to start her second during the spring of 2009. Unfortunately the vessel was unable to secure an escort from the US Navy or EU coalition through the pirate infested waters of the Gulf of Aden and had to head back to Asia to wait out the Monsoon season in order to sail south to Cape Town. Argo is now undertaking her second circumnavigation via Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19175461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175461" title="2008 Euro Beach Soccer League">
2008 Euro Beach Soccer League

The Euro Beach Soccer League ("EBSL") is an annual European competition in beach soccer. The competitions allows national teams to compete in beach soccer in a league format over the summer months. Each season ends with a superfinal, deciding the competition winner.
There are 8 teams participating in each event that will face each other in a knock-out system. The three best placed teams out of each stage and the best fourth, join host and defending champion Portugal in the Superfinal that will be played in Vila Real de Santo António, Portugal from August 22–24. The best 3 (three) teams of each group (Stage 1 and Stage 2) plus the best 4th of both Stage 1 and Stage 2 will qualify for the Superfinal in Vila Real de Santo António (Portugal).
Participating Nations.
Euro Beach Soccer League – Stage 1
Lignano Sabbiadoro, Italy June 20–22
Euro Beach Soccer League – Stage 2
Tignes, France July 4–6
Euro Beach Soccer League – Superfinal
Vila Real de Santo António, Portugal August 22–24
EBSL 2008 Regular Phases.
The best 3 (three) teams of each group (Stage 1 and Stage 2) plus the best 4th of both Stage 1 and Stage 2 will qualify for the Superfinal in Vila Real de Santo António (Portugal).
Euro Beach Soccer League – Stage 1 Lignano Sabbiadoro, Italy June – 20–22.
June 20 – Matches 
15:15 Switzerland 11 x 2 Austria 
16:30 Spain 9 x 2 Greece 
17:45 Poland (4)5 x 5(3) Czech Republic 
19:00 Italy 8 x 2 Andorra
June 21 – Matches
15:15 Greece 8 x 3 Austria 
16:30 Czech Republic 5 x 4 Andorra 
17:45 Spain 2 x 4 Switzerland 
19:00 Poland 3 x 7 Italy
June 22 – Matches
7th & 8th place: 14:15 Austria 4 x 3 Andorra 
3rd – 6th place: 15:30 Czech Republic 4 x 1 Spain 
3rd – 6th place: 16:45 Greece 2 x 5 Poland 
Final: 18:00 Switzerland (2)5 x 5(1) Italy
1. *
2. *
3. *
4. *
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
(*) clinched Superfinal Berth
Best player: Roberto Pasquali ()
Best goalkeeper: Nico Jung ()
Top scorer: Stankovic () – 10 goals
Euro Beach Soccer League – Stage 2 Tignes, France – July 4–6.
July 4 – Matches
14:45 Norway 4 x 3 Estonia 
16:00 Turkey 7 x 3 England 
17:15 Russia 10 x 0 Netherlands 
18:30 France 12 x 4 Hungary
July 5 – Matches
14:45 Netherlands 5 x 3 Estonia 
16:00 England 1 x 3 Hungary 
17:15 Turkey 4 x 7 France 
18:30 Norway 0 x 5 Russia
July 6 – Matches
7th & 8th place: 14:45 Estonia 3 x 2 England 
3rd – 6th place: 16:00 Netherlands 5 x 3 Turkey 
3rd – 6th place: 17:15 Hungary 3 x 2 Norway 
Final: 18:30 Russia 8 x 3 France
1. *
2. *
3. *
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
(*) clinched Superfinal Berth
Best player: Stéphane François ()
Best goalkeeper: Andrey Bukhlitskiy ()
Top goal scorer: Egor Shaykov () – 7 goals
FIFA Fair play award: Adil ()
EBSL 2008 Superfinal.
EBSL Superfinal – Vila Real de Santo António, Portugal (GMT)

</doc>
<doc id="19175466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175466" title="Yanchu">
Yanchu

Yanchu is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 415 persons living in 81 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19175476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175476" title="Graf Cagliostro">
Graf Cagliostro

Graf Cagliostro ('Count Cagliostro') is a comic opera in two acts by Mikael Tariverdiev, written in 1981 to a libretto by Nikolai Kemarsky, after the tale of the same name by Alexei Nikolayevich Tolstoy.
Tolstoy's novella, based on the quack Cagliostro, was updated by composer and librettist so that it impinges on the modern world, (and uses modern musical style). Tariverdiev wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="19175524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175524" title="Low Skies">
Low Skies

Low Skies is an American rock band from Chicago, Illinois.
History.
Low Skies formed in 2000 after a chance meeting between Creps and Salveter. After deciding to record together, they played with a number of local musicians before settling on a permanent lineup. After signing with Flameshovel Records in 2002, the group released its debut full-length, "The Bed", in 2003. A five-track EP, "I Have Been to Beautiful Places", followed in 2004. Their sophomore LP, "All the Love I Could Find", was released in 2006. They are currently on hiatus.

</doc>
<doc id="19175643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175643" title="Hit'n'Run">
Hit'n'Run

"Hit'n'Run" is a song by German pop band Monrose. It was written by JoelJoel, The Provider and Charlie Mason and co-produced by Joel and Oscar Görres for the group's third studio album "I Am" (2008). 
The track was released as the album's second single in Poland on 29 September 2008 and throughout German-speaking Europe on 3 October (see 2008 in music). It managed to reach the top 30 in Austria and number 16 in Germany, ending the run of the Monrose's consecutive top ten entries in Germany, beginning with 2006's "Shame."
Promotion.
Monrose performed the track on a number of occasions, including a performance at the finale of Elite Model Look 2008, a Swiss fashion programme.
It was also performed on the Qualifying Show of German televised singing competition "Popstars".
Music video.
The music video for the song was shot on the week commencing 31 August 2008. The video is a roller-disco themed in the 80's. It premiered on September 11 on German music network VIVA's show "VIVA Live!".
Tracklisting.
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Hit'n'Run."

</doc>
<doc id="19175653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175653" title="Agriculture in Nepal">
Agriculture in Nepal

In Nepal, the economy is dominated by agriculture. In the late 1980s, it was the livelihood for more than 90 percent of the population, although only approximately 20 percent of the total land area was cultivable, it accounted for, on average, about 60 percent of the GDP and approximately 75 percent of exports. Since the formulation of the Fifth Five-Year Plan (1975–80), agriculture has been the highest priority because economic growth was dependent on both increasing the productivity of existing crops and diversifying the agricultural base for use as industrial inputs.
According to the World Bank, agriculture is the main source of food, income, and employment for the majority.
In trying to increase agricultural production and diversify the agricultural base, the government focused on irrigation, the use of fertilizers and insecticides, the introduction of new implements and new seeds of high-yield varieties, and the provision of credit. The lack of distribution of these inputs, as well as problems in obtaining supplies, however, inhibited progress. Although land reclamation and settlement were occurring in the Tarai Region, environmental degradation and ecological imbalance resulting from deforestation also prevented progress.
Although new agricultural technologies helped increase food production, there still was room for further growth. Past experience indicated bottlenecks, however, in using modern technology to achieve a healthy growth. The conflicting goals of producing cash crops both for food and for industrial inputs also were problematic.
The production of crops fluctuated widely as a result of these factors as well as weather conditions. Although agricultural production grew at an average annual rate of 2.4 percent from 1974 to 1989, it did not keep pace with population growth, which increased at an average annual rate of 2.6 percent over the same period. Further, the annual average growth rate of food grain production was only 1.2 percent during the same period.
There were some successes. Fertile lands in the Tarai Region and hardworking peasants in the Hill Region provided greater supplies of food staples (mostly rice and corn), increasing the daily caloric intake of the population locally to over 2,000 calories per capita in 1988 from about 1,900 per capita in 1965. Moreover, areas with access to irrigation facilities increased from approximately 6,200 hectares in 1956 to nearly 583,000 hectares by 1990.
Crops.
Rice is the most important cereal crop. In 1966 total rice production amounted to a little more than 1 million tons; by 1989 more than 3 million tons were produced. Fluctuation in rice production was very common because of changes in rainfall; overall, however, rice production had increased following the introduction of new cultivation techniques as well as increases in cultivated land. By 1988 approximately 3.9 million hectares of land were under paddy cultivation. Many people in Nepal devote their lives to cultivating rice to survive. In 1966 approximately 500,000 tons of corn, the second major food crop, were produced. By 1989 corn production had increased to over 1 million tons.
Other food crops included wheat, millet, barley, and coffee, but their contribution to the agricultural sector was small. Increased production of cash crops, used as input to new industries, dominated in the early 1970s. Sugarcane and tobacco also showed considerable increases in production from the 1970s to the l980s. Potatoes and oilseed production had shown moderate growth since 1980. Medicinal herbs were grown in the north on the slopes of the Himalayas, but increases in production were limited by continued environmental degradation. According to government statistics, production of milk, meat, and fruit had improved but as of the late 1980s still had not reached a point where nutritionally balanced food was available to most people. Additionally, the increases in meat and milk production had not met the desired level of output as of 1989.
Nepal has more than 50% of people engaged in agriculture.
Food grains contributed 76 percent of total crop production in 1988-89. In 1989-90 despite poor weather conditions and a lack of agricultural inputs, particularly fertilizer, there was a production increase of 5 percent. In fact, severe weather fluctuations often affected production levels. Some of the gains in production through the 1980s were due to increased productivity of the work force (about 7 percent over fifteen years); other gains were due to increased land use and favorable weather conditions.
According to Statistical Information on Nepalese Agriculture (2008/2009) only 65.6% of people depends on agriculture and 21% of land is cultivated whereas 6.99% of land is uncultivated.

</doc>
<doc id="19175655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175655" title="James Boughtwood Comber">
James Boughtwood Comber

James ('Jim') Boughtwood Comber (1929 - 7 September 2005) was born at Garlieston, Scotland, into a famous horticultural family. His father was the noted collector and lily breeder Harold Frederick Comber ALS, while his grandfather, James Comber VMH was Head Gardener at Nymans. His sister, Mary Comber-Miles, became the resident botanical artist at the University of British Columbia. 
Career.
On leaving school, Comber worked briefly for the seed company of Sutton & Son at Reading before beginning an apprenticeship at the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew in 1951. National Service interrupted his training, but his posting to Singapore was to inspire his 35-year career in South East Asia and interest in its flora. After National Service, Comber returned to Kew, completing his course in 1955. Later that year he was given leave to join Anglo-Indonesian Plantations (AIP) in Java. After resuming studies at degree level, he graduated in 1960, whereupon he accepted the post of Assistant Manager with AIP at the Sapang rubber plantation in Sabah (then British North Borneo but part of Malaysia from 1963), later becoming Manager, and spending much of his leisure time collecting and photographing orchids. 
During this time, Comber formed a close and philanthropic association with the native population, taking much interest in their culture and learning local languages. However, much of this period coincided with the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation over the sovereignty of the region, and Comber's activities were to arouse the suspicions of the authorities as many of his workforce had come from Indonesia. Comber eventually moved in 1971 to the post of agronomist with Ciba-Geigy near Medan in Sumatra, and later Thailand, during which time he was able to further his knowledge of the hundreds of orchid species. 
Comber was to write three books, and numerous articles for orchid journals, about the orchids of South-east Asia (see 'Works'), describing well over 1000 species, all illustrated with photographs he had taken; the publication by the RBG Kew of one of these tomes, "The Orchids of Java", he personally funded. He inevitably discovered many new species, and two are named in his honour: "Sarcoglyphis comberi" J. J. Wood and "Bulbophyllum comberi" J. J. Vermeulen.
Comber retired in 1991, returning to the UK and settling in Southampton. 
Death.
James Comber died suddenly at his home in Southampton on 7 September 2005 following a knee operation. 
Personal life.
Comber married Riam Tiekseeboon shortly before his retirement; they had two children, Elizabeth and John Comber. 
Notes.
See also note by Phillip Cribb in Kew Gardens Orchid Research Newsletter No.47, January 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19175671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175671" title="2004 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
2004 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Carlos Moyá was the defending champion but lost in the final 6–4, 6–1 against Guillermo Coria.

</doc>
<doc id="19175709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175709" title="Rochon prism">
Rochon prism

A Rochon prism is a type of polariser. It is made from two prisms of a birefringent material such as calcite, which are cemented together. 
The Rochon prism was invented by and is named after Abbé Alexis Marie Rochon. It is in many ways similar to the Wollaston prism, but one ray (the ordinary ray) passes through the prism undeviated. The Sénarmont prism is similar but transmits the s-polarized ray undeviated. In both the Rochon and the Sénarmont prisms the undeviated ray is ordinary on both sides of the interface. Rochon prisms are commercially available, but for many applications other polarisers are preferred.

</doc>
<doc id="19175722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175722" title="Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster">
Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster

Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster (16 August 1851 – 1 December 1893) was an Irish peer.
Leinster was born in Dublin, Ireland, the son of Charles FitzGerald, 4th Duke of Leinster and Lady Caroline Sutherland-Leveson-Gower.
He married Lady Hermione Wilhelmina Duncombe (30 March 1864 – Mentone, France, 19 March 1895), daughter of William Duncombe, 1st Earl of Feversham, in London on 17 January 1884. She died of tuberculosis at age 30.
The Leinsters had the following children:
After the 5th Duke's death of typhoid fever, his stamp collection, which contained around ten thousand pieces, was bequeathed to the Dublin Museum of Science and Art. It included an Inverted Swan which he had discovered was inverted years after he took possession of it.

</doc>
<doc id="19175725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175725" title="Minami-Sakurai Station">
Minami-Sakurai Station

Minami-Sakurai Station (南桜井駅) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19175750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175750" title="1979 Open Championship">
1979 Open Championship

The 1979 Open Championship was the 108th Open Championship, held from 18–21 July at Royal Lytham & St Annes Golf Club in Lancashire, England. Seve Ballesteros, 22, won the first of his five major titles, three strokes ahead of runners-up Jack Nicklaus and Ben Crenshaw. It was the first of his three Open Championship victories; he raised the Claret Jug again in 1984 and 1988. This was the last Open Championship scheduled to end on Saturday; in 1980 it moved to a Sunday final round, similar to the other three majors.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 18 July 1979"
Second round.
"Thursday, 19 July 1979"
Amateurs: "McEvoy (+3), Player (+8)", Hallberg (+14), Hoad (+15), Bennett (+17), Myers (+18), Guy (+20), Whelan (+23).
Third round.
"Friday, 20 July 1979"
Amateurs: "McEvoy (+4)", Player (+19).
Final round.
"Saturday, 21 July 1979"
Amateurs: McEvoy (+10)<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175762" title="1978 Open Championship">
1978 Open Championship

The 1978 Open Championship was the 107th Open Championship, held 12–15 July over the Old Course at St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. Jack Nicklaus won this third and final Open championship, two strokes ahead of runners-up Ben Crenshaw, Raymond Floyd, Tom Kite, and Simon Owen. It was the fifteenth of his eighteen major championships and marked the completion of his third career grand slam.
Defending champion Tom Watson was a co-leader after 54 holes, but four consecutive bogeys on the front nine led to a 76 (+4). Watson finished six strokes back in a tie for 14th place.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 12 July 1978"
Second round.
Amateurs: "Miller (E), Brodie (+1), McEvoy (+1), Godwin (+3)", Gallagher (+6), Kuramoto (+6), Lewis (+8), Webster (+9), Hedges (+11), Fish, (+14), McLachlan (+14), Turner (+14), Walters (+18).
Third round.
"Friday, 14 July 1978"
Amateurs: "Miller (+2), Brodie (+4), McEvoy (+5), Godwin (+6)".
Final round.
"Saturday, 15 July 1978"
Amateurs: McEvoy (+5), Miller (+6), Brodie (+7), Godwin (+10).
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175765" title="Eve of Naharon">
Eve of Naharon

Eve of Naharon () is the skeleton of a 25- to 30-year-old human female found in the "Naharon" section of the underwater cave "Sistema Naranjal" in Mexico near the town of Tulum, around 80 miles south west of Cancún. The skeleton is notable for being carbon dated to 13,600 years old and has bone structure that is more consistent with that of people from Southern Asia than that of people from Northern Asia. This similarity has called into question the timeline and geographic origin in the current theory of New World settlement by peoples from Northern Asia. However, various studies have shown that cranial morphology is much more plastic than earlier believed, and that the so-called Mongoloid look hadn't yet developed in Asia. The oldest DNA found in the Americas is still consistent with that of modern Native Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="19175767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175767" title="Sybris">
Sybris

Sybris is an American indie rock band from Chicago, Illinois.
History.
Sybris formed in 2003 in Chicago. The name is an intentional misspelling of Sybaris, an Ancient Greek city. They signed to Flameshovel Records for the release of their 2005 self-titled debut. A national tour followed the album's release. Their second full-length appeared on Absolutely Kosher in 2008.
In 2009 Sybris's song "Breathe Like You're Dancing" was used in the Movie "According to Greta" starring Hilary Duff.
References.
Official website www.sybrismusic.com

</doc>
<doc id="19175768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175768" title="DarkSun">
DarkSun

DarkSun is a power metal band from Asturias, Spain. Formed in 2002 after the split of Nörthwind, the band has since released 6 studio albums. DarkSun has often cited Blind Guardian, Helloween, Angra, and Rage as their biggest and most important influences.
History.
"El Legado" (2002-2005).
After the split of power metal band Nörthwind, three of the members formed heavy metal band Vendaval. The rest of the members, guitarists Tino Hevia and Daniel Gonzalez, and keyboardist Helena Pinto, formed DarkSun. The band recruited bassist Pedro Junquera and drummer Daniel Cabal, who had also worked with Relative Silence along with Helena Pinto. They decided to record an album after recruiting all the members to have a stable lineup.
In the middle of 2003, DarkSun went to Germany to record what would become their debut album. It was recorded in the VPS Studios, produced by Ingo Cjavkoski (better known as Rage's producer), and mixed at House of Music Studios by Achim Köhler (mixer who had worked for bands like Primal Fear and Sinner). "El Legado" was the debut album by the band, released in July 2004. Professional reviews were incredibly good, stating that "El Legado", was "one of the best Spanish metal albums of the year [...] from an excellent band". DarkSun toured Spain for a whole year to support the album, and had "tickets-sold-out" posters in most the venues. The critics and live-reviews about this new band were incredibly good. In the middle of the tour, drummer Daniel Cabal left the band. The rest of the members had to cancel some concerts before introducing Cabal's replacement, drummer Rafael Yugueros who was at that time known for his work on power metal band Darna, on their first and second album and left after the band's breakup on 2004. Keybardist Helena Pinto left the band at the end of 2004.
"El Lado Oscuro" (2005-2007).
When the tour on support of "El Legado" ended, DarkSun entered the studios once again to record their new album. On the middle of the composition, arrangements, and production of the new album, the band hired Pinto's replacement, Víctor Fernández, who performed keyboard duties. This album was recorded in Germany, with Ingo Cjavkoski in the production. This time the band had Dennis Ward on mixings. (who was better known for his work with Angra), and Lars Ratz (from Metalium) assisted on the vocals production. Once again the reviews were as good as they could possibly be, like "...it's a varied work, where power and heavy metal alternate and mix", and ""El Lado Oscuro" is a really good power metal album". Peavy Wagner (of Rage fame) performed vocals on a song, which was released as a bonus track on the album, entitled "Prisoners of Fate". 
The band released an English version of "El Lado Oscuro", titled "The Dark Side" and was released in September 2007 through FC Metal Recordings. The critics were as good as the Spanish version, like "the album can be defined with one word: brilliant!". The band collaborated on Rage's album "Speak of the Dead", with a Spanish version of the song "Full Moon" entitled "La Luna Reine," which appeared as a bonus track. Just after the release of "The Dark Side" drummer Rafael Yugueros left DarkSun to form part of power metal band WarCry replacing former drummer Alberto Ardines. Yugueros had already worked with WarCry on their 1997's demo "Demon 97". The band re-recruited Daniel Cabal who worked on what would become the band's new album. Keyboardist Víctor Fernández left the band on the summer of 2007, being replaced by Ana Fernandes, who had previously played for Spanish band Stormrider. On the summer of 2008 DarkSun announced that Cabal was leaving the band, all these occurred in a professional and friendly way. On the same announcement the band presented new drummer Jose Ojeda, who had performed drums on Spanish bands like Rivendel Lords, Killian, among others.
"Libera Me" (2007-present).
DarkSun's third album (not including the English version, "The Dark Side") was produced by lead vocalist Daniel González. David Figueiras has performed the lead guitars, now that González has left the guitars and centred mainly on vocal duties. The drums were played by former member Dani Cabal, who played on the band's first album "El Legado" and returned to the group from 2007 to 2008, being replaced by current drummer José Ojeda. The keyboards were played by Ana Fernandes, who replaced Víctor Fernández after leaving on the summer of 2007. The album was titled "Libera Me", released on September 29, 2008. "Miedo" was the first single for the album and also the new videoclip of the band, which was directed and produced by Jacinto Hinojal. The album contained special features, like the video clip, pictures of the making off. The cover was created by Daniel Alonso, who has also worked for bands like WarCry, Hard Spirit, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19175772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175772" title="1977 Open Championship">
1977 Open Championship

The 1977 Open Championship was the 106th Open Championship, held 6–9 July on the Ailsa Course at Turnberry, Scotland. Tom Watson won the second of his five Open titles by one stroke over runner-up Jack Nicklaus. The two played together in the final two rounds and had separated themselves from the field under clear skies, leading this Open to be remembered as the "Duel in the Sun." This was the first Open ever held at Turnberry, which renamed its 18th hole after the duel. Three months earlier, Watson had held off Nicklaus to win his first green jacket at the Masters.
In the second round, Mark Hayes shot 63 to establish a new single round record at The Open Championship by two strokes. The previous record of 65 was set by Henry Cotton in the second round in 1934 at Royal St. George's.
Americans dominated the final leaderboard, filling the top eight spots and eleven of the first twelve. The first page of the leaderboard was loaded with future members of the World Golf Hall of Fame.
The leader after 36 holes, Roger Maltbie, finished at 289 (+9), in a tie for 26th place.
Duel in the Sun.
Watson's victory is considered by many to be the finest tournament played in the last half of the 20th century. After two rounds, he and Nicklaus were one shot out of the lead, in a four-way tie for second, and were paired for the third round on Friday. Both shot five-under 65 for 203 (−7), three shots clear of Ben Crenshaw and six ahead of the remainder of the field after 54 holes.
Paired again for the final round on Saturday afternoon, Nicklaus birdied twice and was up by three strokes after four holes. Watson birdied three of the next four to pull even at two-under for the round, then bogeyed the ninth hole to fall one back at the turn. Nicklaus birdied the 12th hole to go two strokes ahead, then Watson birdied 13 and the par-3 15th, rolling in a putt from off the green to even up the round at three-under.
After halving the 16th with pars, it was on to the reachable par-5 17th, where Nicklaus missed the green to the right but chipped his third to four feet (1.3 m) of the cup. Watson missed an eagle putt and tapped in for birdie, but then Nicklaus two-putted for par to go a stroke down with one hole remaining. On the 18th tee, Watson drove to an ideal position in the fairway, but Nicklaus went right and into the rough. Watson's 7-iron approach stopped pin-high and two feet left of the flag, and with Nicklaus in trouble, appeared to seal the victory. But Nicklaus slashed his 8-iron recovery onto the front of the green and sank his putt for a remarkable birdie and a bogey-free 66. Now needing a seventh birdie of the round to avoid an 18-hole playoff, Watson sank the two-footer for his second straight 65, second Open, and third major title. With birdies on four of the final six holes, his total of 268 was eight strokes better than the previous best score ever in the Open.
Watson and Nicklaus finished well ahead of the other challengers, and shot the same score every day, except for Sunday. The third place finisher, reigning U.S. Open champion Hubert Green, shot a final round 67 and was a distant ten strokes behind Nicklaus, who won his third Open (and third career grand slam) the following year at St. Andrews.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 6 July 1977"
Source: 
Second round.
"Thursday, 7 July 1977"
Source:
Amateurs: Garner (+13), McEvoy (+13), Powell (+13), Carrick (+15), Lyle (+15), Pierse (+16), Wilson (+16), Cosh (+21), Chapman (+25).
Third round.
"Friday, 8 July 1977"
Source:
Final round.
"Saturday, 9 July 1977"
Source:
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175774" title="Ocean observations">
Ocean observations

The following are considered essential ocean climate variables by the Ocean Observations Panel for Climate (OOPC) that are currently feasible with current observational systems .
Ocean climate variables.
Atmosphere surface.
Air Temperature 
Precipitation (meteorology) 
evaporation 
Air Pressure, sea level pressure (SLP) 
Surface radiative fluxes 
Surface thermodynamic fluxes 
Wind speed and direction 
Surface wind stress 
Water vapor
Ocean surface.
Sea surface temperature (SST) 
Sea surface salinity (SSS) 
Sea level 
Sea state 
Sea ice 
Ocean current 
Ocean color (for biological activity) 
Carbon dioxide partial pressure (pCO2)
Ocean observation sources.
Satellite.
There is a composite network of satellites that generate observations (http://ioc3.unesco.org/oopc/obs/surface_sat.php). These include:
"In situ".
There is a composite network of in situ observations (http://ioc3.unesco.org/oopc/obs/surface_insitu.php). These include:
Subsurface.
There is a composite network of subsurface observations (http://ioc3.unesco.org/oopc/obs/subsurface.php). These include:
Accuracy of measurements.
The quality of "in situ" measurements is non-uniform across space, time and platforms. Different platforms employ a large variety of sensors, which operate in a wide range of often hostile environments and use different measurement protocols. Occasionally, buoys are left unattended for extended periods of time, while ships may involve a certain amount of the human-related impacts in data collection and transmission. Therefore, quality control is necessary before in situ data can be further used in scientific research or other applications. This is an example of quality control and monitoring of sea surface temperatures measured by ships and buoys, the iQuam system developed at NOAA/NESDIS/STAR: http://www.star.nesdis.noaa.gov/sod/sst/iquam, where statistics show the quality of "in situ" measurements of sea surface temperatures.
Historical data available.
OceanSITES manages a set of links to various sources of available ocean data, including: the Hawaiian Ocean Timeseries (HOT), the JAMSTEC Kuroshio Extension Observatory (JKEO), Line W monitoring the North Atlantic's deep western boundary current, and others.
A variety of historical data sets is available here:
http://www.whoi.edu/page.do?pid=7140
This site includes links to the ARGO Float Data, The Data Library and Archives (DLA), the Falmouth Monthly Climate Reports, Martha's Vineyard Coastal Observatory, the Multibeam Archive, the Seafloor Data and Observation Visualization Environment (SeaDOVE): A Web-served GIS Database of Multi-scalar Seafloor Data, Seafloor Sediments Data Collection, the Upper Ocean Mooring Data Archive, the U.S. GLOBEC Data System, U.S. JGOFS Data System, and the WHOI Ship Data-Grabber System.
There are a variety of data sets in a data library listed at Columbia University:
This library includes:
In situ observations spanning from the early 1700s to present are available from the International Comprehensive Ocean Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS). Further information can be found here:
http://icoads.noaa.gov
This data set includes observations of a number of the surface ocean and atmospheric variables from ships, moored and drifting buoys and C-MAN stations.
Future developments.
Areas requiring research and development
The future of oceanic observation systems:

</doc>
<doc id="19175776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175776" title="1976 Open Championship">
1976 Open Championship

The 1976 Open Championship was the 105th Open Championship, played 7–10 July, at Royal Birkdale Golf Club, in Southport, England. Johnny Miller won his only Open championship, six strokes ahead of runners-up Seve Ballesteros and Jack Nicklaus. It was Miller's second and last major championship title.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 7 July 1976"
Second round.
"Thursday, 8 July 1976"
Amateurs: McEvoy (+12), Squires (+12), Powell (+14), Poxon (+14), McNally (+15), McLean (+17), Ridley (+22).
Third round.
"Friday, 9 July 1976"
Final round.
"Saturday, 10 July 1976"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175777" title="Gladys Morgan">
Gladys Morgan

Gladys Morgan (1898–1983) was a Welsh comedian, billed variously as the 'Queen of Comedy' or 'the Queen of Laughter', and was renowned for her toothless, ear-splitting, infectious laugh.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Gladys Morgan was born in Swansea, Wales, in 1898 and, though her family was not theatrical, she was always interested in the stage and by the time she turned eleven she had her own song and dance act. She joined a children’s concert party called The Brilliant Gems, where one of her colleagues was Albert Burdon, who was later to become known as an actor and comedian.
Four foot ten inch Morgan then formed an act called The Three Virgins, with the equally diminutive Betty Jumel on violin and Vy Vivienne on piano.
While touring as a solo singer in a concert party in the Isle of Man, she was asked by the company manager to play the part of an old deaf woman in a sketch. She reluctantly agreed to do so, and was amazed and delighted to find that the audience found her hilarious.
She teamed up with and married fellow comedian Frank Laurie, whom she had first met when he was only sixteen. The act was not very successful until it was suggested that they swap jobs, with Morgan becoming the comic and Laurie the straight man. The scheme worked and plentiful dates followed. By this time she had dropped her broad Welsh accent in favour of a Lancashire one, possibly in imitation of her great hero Frank Randle.
Like many other entertainers Morgan and Laurie worked for ENSA during the war, being joined in the act by their daughter, Joan.
The ENSA organiser for northwest England at the time was a man called Bert Hollman. Joan later became Mrs Hollman, with Bert joining the act both as a performer and manager.
"Welsh Rarebit".
Morgan's big break came when she auditioned for the popular BBC radio variety show "Welsh Rarebit". As the show was for Welsh performers only, producer Mai Jones was reluctant to cast her, as Morgan was well known for her Lancashire accent. A week performing at the Town Hall, Pontypridd using her natural accent was enough to convince Mai that Morgan was indeed Welsh, and she was given a two-minute spot on the show. Her great friend, comedian Wyn Calvin, is reported to have said, "Her maniacal laugh created such a furore it practically filled the two minutes." Morgan became resident comedienne on the show, sharing top billing with a rising young star, Harry Secombe.
Morgan's success on "Welsh Rarebit" led to many successful variety tours around all the major theatres in the UK, including supporting Frankie Vaughan at the London Palladium in 1961. Along with many television appearances in shows like "The Good Old Days", she was frequently heard in popular radio shows such as "Workers' Playtime" and "Midday Music Hall". 
Regular appearances on "Educating Archie" and "The Frankie Howerd Show", with her trademark striped blazer and cheeky grin established her as one of the country's best-loved performers.
Throughout the nineteen sixties she was kept busy with pantomime and summer season, five tours to Australia, and four sell-out tours of South Africa where the family also had their own series on Springbok Radio called "The Morgans".
Morgan made a film with Nancy Kwan, Jack Hawkins and Bud Flanagan in 1965 called "The Wild Affair".
Arthritis forced Morgan to retire from show business when she was in her seventies, and she died in Worthing, West Sussex where she had been a resident for 47 years, in 1983.
Quotation.
A joke from "Workers Playtime": "I gave the lodger a boiled egg for his tea. Me and the kids had egg soup".

</doc>
<doc id="19175778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175778" title="Flags of Elizabeth II">
Flags of Elizabeth II

Elizabeth II has and has had a variety of flags both for her use as the Sovereign of one of her independent realms, such as the Royal Standard of the United Kingdom or her Personal Canadian Flag, or for her personal use in the case of her Personal Flag.
"By date"

</doc>
<doc id="19175781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175781" title="Wild Target">
Wild Target

Wild Target is a 2010 comedy/thriller film, directed by Jonathan Lynn. It is based on the 1993 French film "Cible Emouvante". Lucinda Coxon wrote the screenplay, and it was produced by Martin Pope and Michael Rose.
Production began shooting in London on 16 September 2008, with Bill Nighy, Emily Blunt, Rupert Grint and Eileen Atkins heading the cast. Filming also took place on the Isle of Man.
Story.
Victor Maynard (Bill Nighy) is an expert and effective assassin living a lonely life in accordance with his family's business. Victor follows a family line of professional assassins, and he completes his assignments quickly and without remorse. One afternoon, after killing one of his targets, he hesitates in killing the pet parrot, Roger, and instead takes him as a gift to his mother, Louisa (Eileen Atkins) a formidable woman who was, until recently, also Victor's housemate. In celebration of his 55th birthday, she gives him a leather bound book with newspaper clippings of each of his kills from his first to his most recent, leaving pages for future hits to be included. She also expresses concern that he might be gay, wondering why he hasn't produced a successor.
Rose (Emily Blunt) is a not-so-average girl with a talent for thievery. Her most recent theft involves the sale of a fake Rembrandt painting (painted by her friend in the Restoration Department of the National Gallery) to Ferguson (Rupert Everett), managing to swindle him out of £900,000. Ferguson soon discovers the swap and hires the best hitman, Victor Maynard, to dispose of her. Victor takes the case and immediately tracks Rose down, missing several opportunities to kill her, and accidentally killing a random stall customer in a changing room. He follows her to a balcony opposite her hotel room and tries to shoot her through the window, but is interrupted by the arrival of the front doorman. Victor sets up a microphone and headset to keep her under surveillance, but falls asleep, unable to listen to their noisy lovemaking. He wakes the following morning, just as she is leaving. He has the opportunity to shoot but hesitates.
His mother, Louisa, is upset by this missed target (and has apparently killed Roger with a knitting needle) and suggests that Victor apologize to his employer and offer to do the hit for free. He tracks Rose down in a parking garage where he sees another hitman ready to kill her. He takes the preemptive shot, killing the other assassin. He and Rose get into her car, only to be forced out again by Mike (Gregor Fisher), another assassin hiding in the back seat of her Mini. Mike knocks Victor's gun away and lines them up on the wall to be shot and killed, but instead is wounded by Tony (Rupert Grint), an apparently homeless young man who had picked up the dead man's gun. Saying it was his first time handling a firearm, he impresses Victor enough to consider a protégé. But he sends Tony home and Victor and Rose flee. Mike starts firing at them and they nearly run over Tony on his way out of the garage, forcing him to join the ride. Rose offers Victor his price of 30,000 pounds a week for her protection, believing that he is merely a private detective. They travel to a luxury hotel where they can lie low, but by chance get a room on the same floor as Ferguson. Ferguson hires Dixon (Martin Freeman), reputed to be second only to Maynard in proficiency, to kill Rose and Maynard. After several close calls, Mike, who is also Ferguson's bodyguard, discovers their whereabouts when he spots a pair of boots that Rose had stolen from his dead partner. Tony is attacked in the bathroom and nearly drowned in the bathtub by Mike, but he turns the tables and accidentally shoots Mike's ear off before the three of them escape the hotel. Ferguson and Mike pursue them in a high-speed chase through the streets of London until Mike loses control and crashes, sending the pair to the hospital. 
They travel to Maynard's home, a quaint farm far in the country, where his furniture is shrink-wrapped and his cat, Snowy, resides with him. Maynard takes Tony on as his apprentice in "private detective" work. One night (after some creepy foot-massage stuff between Victor and Rose), Rose is attacked by Louisa, who had come back to the house to finish what her son had started. He eventually talks her down and after she leaves, the three of them work on becoming friends. Rose and Tony help Victor celebrate his birthday, and, after a brief period of sexual confusion between Tony and Maynard, Victor falls in love with and sleeps with Rose. Afterward, his attitude becomes more cheerful, and Victor peels off the plastic coverings on all of his furniture and opens up the house. Meanwhile, Rose snoops around Victor's room, finding the leather book that his mother had given him and learning that she was actually his target for assassination. She also finds Victor's father's first gun, a Broomhandle Mauser, and takes it for self-protection. She storms out of the house after making it clear that she trusts neither Victor nor Tony, and returns to the National Gallery, only to find her friend dead and Dixon and his assistant, Fabian (Geoff Bell), waiting for her. They quickly return to Victor's home, and Tony and Victor gain the upper hand when Louisa appears, killing Fabian with a machine gun. Dixon withdraws the old gun Rose had taken from Victor's room and fires at Victor. It backfires, sending the bolt into his skull. Victor, Tony and Rose bury the pair in the back yard and return to their lives.
Three years later, Victor and Rose are married with a son named Angel and Tony has moved in with them. While Angel is playing one morning, Tony comes outside asking Victor and Rose where the cat had gone off to. They look at Angel in awe as he is innocently patting soft dirt into the yard, suggesting he killed and buried the cat. Victor smiles with pride.
Critical reception.
"Wild Target" was met with a largely mixed and negative critical reception, with "Timeout London" only giving it two out of five stars, saying that it feels like nothing has been "thought through." The verdict given by "Empire" online is equally negative; it says that the "talented cast keep some low-key action and tired gags from derailing this disappointing farce". "Flick Filosopher" enjoyed the film, saying "Movies hardly ever make me laugh out loud, but this one did, more than once, with its unpredictable twists... and unexpected punchlines growing out of the deliciously twisted characters". The film aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes, which averages out professional reviews, gave the film a 32%.
Made on a budget of $8 million, the movie grossed less than $4 million worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19175783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175783" title="The Afghan Whigs discography">
The Afghan Whigs discography

This is the discography for The Afghan Whigs.

</doc>
<doc id="19175787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175787" title="1975 Open Championship">
1975 Open Championship

The 1975 Open Championship was the 104th Open Championship, played 9–13 July at Carnoustie Golf Links in Scotland. In his first Open, Tom Watson won an 18-hole playoff by one stroke over Jack Newton to win the first of his eight major titles, which included five Open Championships.
Final round.
After three days of calm weather, the wind kicked up during the final round on Saturday and scores went up. Bobby Cole, the leader at 54 holes after back-to-back rounds of 66, shot a four-over 76 and missed the playoff by a stroke. Watson managed an even-par 72, capped with a birdie putt on the 72nd hole to tie Newton, who shot 74 (+2).
Playoff.
The Sunday playoff was back-and-forth in the rain and included a chip-in eagle by Watson at the 14th hole, the short par-5 named "Spectacles." Newton had chipped to within inches and tapped in for birdie. The two were tied at the 18th tee, the par-4 "Home" with the meandering Barry Burn. Watson was on the 90th green in two with about for birdie, but Newton's approach ended in the front left bunker. Newton's lengthy sand shot ran past the hole; his putt to save par and extend the match missed left and Watson won the title.
This was the second and final 18-hole playoff at the Open; the first was in 1970, won by Jack Nicklaus. The format was changed to a four-hole playoff in 1985, first used in 1989. Prior to 1964, the playoff at the Open was 36 holes.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 9 July 1975"
Second round.
"Thursday, 10 July 1975"
Amateurs: "Stephen (+1), Poxon (+5), Stadler (+5)", Price (+10), Levenson (+13).
Third round.
"Friday, 11 July 1975"
Amateurs: Stadler (+7), Stephen (+7), Poxon (+11).
Final round.
"Saturday, 12 July 1975"
Source:
Playoff.
"Sunday, 13 July 1975"

</doc>
<doc id="19175788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175788" title="Pachycormiformes">
Pachycormiformes

Pachycormiformes is an extinct order of ray-finned fish known from Mesozoic deposits from Eurasia and the Americas. They were characterized by having serrated pectoral fins, reduced pelvic fins and a bony rostrum. Their relations with other fish are unclear. 
Some sources place Ichthyodectidae herein too, but these seem to be somewhat more advanced Teleostei.

</doc>
<doc id="19175794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175794" title="1974 Open Championship">
1974 Open Championship

The 1974 Open Championship was the 103rd Open Championship, held from 10–13 July at Royal Lytham & St Annes Golf Club in Lancashire, England. Gary Player won his third Open Championship, four strokes ahead of runner-up Peter Oosterhuis. It was the eighth of his nine major titles and second of the year; he won the Masters in April. In the other two majors in 1974, the U.S. Open and the PGA Championship, Player had top ten finishes.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 10 July 1974"
Second round.
"Thursday, 11 July 1974"
Amateurs: "Lyle (+10), James (+16)", Clark (+21), Burch (+22), Homer (+23), Shaw (+31).
Third round.
"Friday, 12 July 1974"
Amateurs: Lyle (+23), James (+24).
Final round.
"Saturday, 13 July 1974"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175801" title="1973 Open Championship">
1973 Open Championship

The 1973 Open Championship was the 102nd Open Championship, played from 11–14 July at Troon Golf Club in Troon, Scotland. Tom Weiskopf won his only major championship by four strokes over runners-up Neil Coles and Johnny Miller, the winner of the U.S. Open a month earlier.
Gene Sarazen, 71, made a hole-in-one in the first round at the 8th hole, a par-3 named the "Postage Stamp," due to its small green. Lee Trevino's bid for a third straight Open fell short, thirteen strokes back in a tie for tenth place.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 11 July 1973"
Second round.
"Thursday, 12 July 1973"
Amateurs: "Edwards (+6), Homer (+7), Russell (+7), Foster (+8)",<br>Stuart (+9), Milne (+10), Hedges (+13), Bonallack (+15), Sym (+15), Burch (+16), Eyles (+18), James (+24)
Third round.
"Friday, 14 July 1973"
Amateurs: "Edwards (+5)", Foster (+10), Russell (+12), Homer (+16)
Final round.
"Saturday, 14 July 1973"
Amateurs: Edwards (+8)<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175814" title="1972 Open Championship">
1972 Open Championship

The 1972 Open Championship was the 101st Open Championship, held 12–15 July at Muirfield Golf Links in Gullane, East Lothian, Scotland. Lee Trevino won his second straight Claret Jug, the first to successfully defend his title since Arnold Palmer in 1962. Trevino finished one stroke ahead of runner-up Jack Nicklaus, ending his bid for the grand slam. Nicklaus had won the first two majors in 1972 and was the odds-on favorite at Muirfield, where he won his first Open in 1966. Six strokes back at even-par after 54 holes, he shot a final round 66 (−5) on Saturday to tie the course record, but played the final three holes at one-over par. Trevino posted his own 66 in the third round and held on with an even-par 71, which included a chip-in for par at 17, to gain the fourth of his six major titles.
It was the third of four times that Nicklaus finished as a runner-up to Trevino in a major championship.
Thirty years later, Tiger Woods became the first since Nicklaus to win the first two majors of the year. His bid for a grand slam in 2002 also ended at Muirfield, foiled by stormy weather during his third round.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 12 July 1972"
Second round.
"Thursday, 13 July 1972"
Amateurs: "Foster (+7), Mosey (+8), Revell (+9), Stephen (+9)", Campbell (+11), Homer (+11), Gradwell (+13), Elson (+14), Bonallack (+15), Clark (+15), Berry (+19), Gray (+20).
Third round.
"Friday, 14 July 1972"
Amateurs: Foster (+14), Mosey (+14), Stephen (+14), Revell (+15).
Final round.
"Saturday, 15 July 1972"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175827" title="Caribbean Peace Force">
Caribbean Peace Force

The Caribbean Peace Force (CPF), also known as the Eastern Caribbean Peace Force (ECPF), was an OECS mandated 350-member peacekeeping force operating in Grenada, from October 1983 to June 1985, after the Invasion of Grenada, codenamed "Operation Urgent Fury", by the United States of America and several other nations in response to the illegal deposition and execution of Grenadan Prime Minister Maurice Bishop. On October 25, 1983, the United States, Barbados, Jamaica and members of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States landed ships on Grenada, defeated Grenadian and Cuban resistance and overthrew the military government of Hudson Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="19175841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175841" title="1971 Open Championship">
1971 Open Championship

The 1971 Open Championship was the 100th Open Championship, played 7–10 July at Royal Birkdale Golf Club in Southport, England. Lee Trevino won the first of his two consecutive Open Championships, one stroke ahead of Lu Liang-Huan. It was the third of his six major titles and his second consecutive; he won the U.S. Open less than a month earlier.
Trevino became the fourth player to win both the U.S. Open and the Open Championship in the same year, joining Bobby Jones (1926, 1930), Gene Sarazen (1932), and Ben Hogan (1953). Subsequent winners of both were Tom Watson (1982) and Tiger Woods (2000). All six are Americans.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 7 July 1971"
Second round.
"Thursday, 8 July 1971"
Amateurs: "Bonallack (-3), Melnyk (+4)",<br>Humphreys (+6), Berry (+7), Carr (+8), Foster (+9), Birtwell (+11), Bird (+12), Rolley (+14).
Third round.
"Friday, 9 July 1971"
Amateurs: "Bonallack (-2), Melnyk (+4)".
Final round.
"Saturday, 10 July 1971"
Amateurs: "Bonallack (-1), Melnyk (+6)"<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19175853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175853" title="1970 Open Championship">
1970 Open Championship

The 1970 Open Championship was the 99th Open Championship, played 8–12 July at the Old Course at St Andrews in St Andrews, Scotland. Jack Nicklaus won the second of his three Opens in an 18-hole Sunday playoff over Doug Sanders, 72 to 73. In gusty winds during the fourth round on Saturday, Sanders saved par from the Road Hole bunker and led by one headed to the 72nd hole. After a lengthy drive on the short par-4, he took four shots from just and missed a downhill putt for par from 3 feet to win.
This was the first playoff at The Open since 1963 and the first at 18 holes. The previous playoffs were 36 holes on Saturday. Prior to 1966, the final two rounds of The Open were played on Friday. The playoff format was changed again to the four-hole aggregate after the 1985 Open, first used in 1989.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Wednesday, 8 July 1970"
Second round.
"Thursday, 9 July 1970"
Amateurs: "Melnyk (-1), Bonallack (+1), Humphreys (+2), George (+2), Webster (+5)",<br>MacDonald (+7), Berry (+8), Steel (+10), Mosey (+11), Sumner (+11), Sweeny Jr (+11), Farmer (+14).
Third round.
"Friday, 10 July 1970"
Amateurs: "Melnyk (+3), Humphreys (+6)", Bonallack (+8), George (+9), Webster (+11).
Final round.
"Saturday, 11 July 1970"
Amateurs: Melnyk (+10), Humphreys (+13).
Source:
Playoff.
"Sunday, 12 July 1970"

</doc>
<doc id="19175869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175869" title="1868 Open Championship">
1868 Open Championship

The 1868 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. The competition was won by Tom Morris, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="19175882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175882" title="1869 Open Championship">
1869 Open Championship

The 1869 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. The competition was won by Tom Morris, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19175887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175887" title="1870 Open Championship">
1870 Open Championship

The 1870 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland. It was the 11th Open Championship and the last to be contested for the Challenge Belt. Twelve professionals and five amateurs contested the event, with Tom Morris, Jr. winning the championship by 12 shots from Bob Kirk and Davie Strath. By winning for a third successive time Tom Morris, Jr. gained permanent possession of the Challenge Belt.
Tommy Morris's first round of 47 (3-5-3-5-6-3-3-3-4-3-4-5) was two shots better than his previous record round in 1868. This gave him a five shot lead over Bob Kirk. After a second round 51 he held a five shot lead over Davie Strath. A final 51 extended his lead to 12 shots. His final score of 149 was 5 shots better than the previous record set in 1868.
Kirk beat Strath in a playoff, Kirk winning the £4 second prize while Strath took £2 for third place.

</doc>
<doc id="19175902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175902" title="Wellenkuppe">
Wellenkuppe

The Wellenkuppe is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located west of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range separating the Val d'Anniviers from the Mattertal, just east of the Ober Gabelhorn. 

</doc>
<doc id="19175904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175904" title="1872 Open Championship">
1872 Open Championship

The 1872 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. The competition was won by Tom Morris, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19175908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175908" title="Agriculture in Armenia">
Agriculture in Armenia

Armenia has 2.1 million hectares of agricultural land, 72% of the country's land area. Most of this, however, is mountain pastures, and cultivable land is 480,000 hectares (452,900 hectares arable land, 27,300 hectares in orchards and vineyards), or 16% of the country's area. In 2006, 46% of the work force was employed in agriculture (up from 26% in 1991), and agriculture contributed 21% of the country's GDP. In 1991 Armenia imported about 65 percent of its food.
Land privatization.
In 1990 Armenia became the first Soviet republic to pass a land privatization law, and from that time Armenian farmland shifted into the private sector at a faster rate than in any other republic. However, the rapidity and disorganization of land reallocation led to disputes and dissatisfaction among the peasants receiving land. Especially problematic were allocation of water rights and distribution of basic materials and equipment. Related enterprises such as food processing and hothouse operations often remained in state hands, reducing the advantages of private landholding.
Swift and decisive privatization quickly eliminated the collective and state farms, which had dominated Armenian agriculture in the Soviet period. Already by 1992 privatization of the state and collective farms had put 63% of cultivated fields, 80% of orchards, and 91% of vineyards in the hands of family farmers. In 2006, family farmers were producing 98% of gross agricultural output, i.e., in 15 years Armenian agriculture transformed completely from the traditional Soviet model of large agricultural enterprises to the market-oriented model of individual or family farms.
The privatization program yielded an immediate 15% increase in gross agricultural output between 1990 and 1991. Agricultural growth continued unabated, and by 2006 gross agricultural output had increased by 75% compared with its level in 1990. This growth record has not been matched by any of the CIS countries, putting Armenia in a unique position of stellar agricultural performer in CIS. In 1993 the government ended restrictions on the transfer of private land, a step expected to increase substantially the average size (and hence the efficiency) of private plots. At the end of 1993, an estimated 300,000 small farms (one to five hectares) were operating. In that year, harvests were bountiful despite the high cost of input; only the disastrous state of Armenia's transportation infrastructure prevented relief of food shortages in urban centers.
Agricultural production.
Agriculture is carried out mainly in the valleys and mountainsides of Armenia's uneven terrain, with the highest mountain pastures used for livestock grazing. Fertile volcanic soil allows cultivation of wheat and barley as well as pasturage for sheep, goats, and horses. With the help of irrigation, figs, pomegranates, apricots, and olives also are grown in the limited subtropical Aras River valley and in the valleys north of Yerevan, where the richest farmland is found. Armenia also produces peaches, walnuts, and quince, and its cognac enjoys a worldwide reputation.
Irrigation is required by most crops, and the building of canals and a system of irrigation was among the first major state projects of the Soviet republic in the 1920s. By the 1960s, arable land had been extended by 20 percent, compared with pre-Soviet times. Most farms had electricity by the early 1960s, and machinery was commonplace. In the Soviet era, women made up most of the agricultural work force; a large percentage of the younger men had responded to the Soviet industrialization campaign by migrating to urban centers. In 1989 farms were operating about 13,400 tractors and 1,900 combines. Unlike other CIS countries, Armenia did not suffer a catastrophic decline in its farm machinery inventory during the privatization, and in 2006 there were 14,600 tractors and 1,700 combines in Armenian farms.
Agricultural production is heavily biased toward crops, which in 2006 accounted for 64% of gross agricultural output. The principal agricultural products are grains (mostly wheat and barley), potatoes, vegetables, grapes (both table and wine), and fruits. In 2006, Armenia produced 212,500 tons of grain, 539,500 tons of potatoes, 915,000 tons of vegetables and melons, 286,000 tons of fruits, and 201,400 tons of grapes. All these numbers (except for grain) constitute significant increases compared with 1989, when Armenia produced 200,000 tons of grain, 266,000 tons of potatoes, 485,000 tons of vegetables, 170,000 tons of fruit, and 119,000 tons of grapes. Livestock production in 2006 reached 66,800 tons of meat (slaughter weight), 620,000 tons of milk, and 464 million eggs. The corresponding livestock production numbers in 1989 were 105,000 tons of meat, 491,000 tons of milk, and 561,000 tons of eggs, i.e., only milk production increased significantly during the post-Soviet period.
External links.
[*http://bs-agro.com/index.php/news/other-countries/10079-armenia-s-apricot-exports-double-this-year-agriculture-ministry "Agriculture in the Black Sea Region"]

</doc>
<doc id="19175909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175909" title="Glossary of Carnatic music">
Glossary of Carnatic music

Carnatic music terms are briefly described in this page. Major terms have their own separate article pages, while minor terms are defined / described here. Most of the keerthanas/kritis used in Carnatic music is based on Telugu language.
The order of terms is from basic to related terms, rather than alphabetic.
Main terms.
Śruti.
"Śruti" is musical pitch. It is considered equivalent to tonic of western music. This is the pitch at which the "drone" is set, which is usually played by a "tambura".
Sthai.
In Carnatic music, "Sthai" refers to the octave, especially in the Telugu language. "Madhyama sthai" refers to the middle octave, "Tara sthai" refers to the upper octave and "Mandra sthai" refers to the lower octave.
Swaram.
"Swaram" or "Swara" is a single note. Each swaram defines the position of note in relation to the Śruti.
Rāgam.
A "rāgam" prescribes a set of rules for building a melody - very similar to the Western concept of mode. Different combination of swarams and swaram phrases form different rāgams.
Ārōhanam.
"Ārōhanam" of a rāgam is the ascending scale of the rāgam. It describes the rules for singing ascending notes of a rāgam, including the swarams to use and swaram patterns that form the rāgam.
Avarōhanam.
"Avarōhanam" of a rāgam is the descending scale of the rāgam. It describes the rules for singing descending notes of a rāgam.
Melakartā.
A "Melakartā rāgam" is one which has all seven swarams, namely, "Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha and Ni" ("sampoorna rāgam"). The ārōhanam and avarōhanam of a "melakartā" ragam are strictly ascending and descending scales. It is also known as "janaka rāgam" (parent rāgam), because other rāgams are derived from it.
Asampūrna Melakartā.
One of the 72 "parent rāgams" first created by Venkatamakhin which did not have strict rules of ascending / descending scales, did not insist on inclusion of all 7 swaras nor disallow "vakra prayogas" (zig zag notes in scale).
Chakra.
A "chakra" consists of a group of 6 "Melakartā rāgams", which differ from each other only in the "Dhaivatham" and "Nishadham".
Janya.
A "Janya rāgam" is one which is derived from a "Melakartā" rāgam. It may have (a) a subset of the seven swarams "Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha and Ni" ("varjya rāgam"), (b) an external swaram ("anya" swaram) not found in its parent or (c) "vakra prayōgam" of swarams in Ārōhanam or Avarōhanam (zig-zag sequence of notes, instead of strictly ascending or descending scales).
Tālam.
"Tālam" refers to the rhythm cycle or beat cycle for a particular song.
Ālāpana.
"Ālāpana" is a preface to a song, which explores the rāgam of the song, without any lyrics. It is a slow improvisation with no "tālam" (rhythm).
Niraval.
"Niraval" or "Neraval" is the repeated singing of one or two lines of a song, with improvised exposition in each repetition.
Kalpanaswaram.
"Kalpanaswaram" literally means "imagined swarams". It is the singing of swarams of the rāgam of a song, following the completion of the song. Though many phrases of the swarams may have been practiced, experienced artists may spontaneously play new phrases within the rāgam's rules - hence the term "Kalpana". It is an improvisation of the rāgam, by singing the swarams, namely Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha and Ni.
Tānam.
"Tānam" is rhythmic / rhythm based improvisation of the rāgam. It is done with rhythm based syllables like "tha, nam, thom and na". It is usually included as second part in a "Rāgam Tānam Pallavi".
Rāgamālika.
"Rāgamālika", which literally means "garland of rāgams", is a composition that has different verses set to different "rāgams". "Rāgamālika" swarams refers to singing of "Kalpanaswarams" in different rāgams.
Rāgam Tānam Pallavi.
"Rāgam Tānam Pallavi" is a rendition of Carnatic music which lends to total improvisation, in different forms. It consists of "Rāgam Ālāpana" (rāgam), "Tānam" and a "Pallavi" line. The pallavi line is sung many times in different speeds, different ranges of the rāgam and different octaves. This is usually followed by "Kalpanaswarams", sometimes in multiple rāgams ("rāgamālika").
Viruttam.
"Viruttam" is a devotional verse or phrase sung (without talam) in an impromptu choice of rāgam or rāgamālika usually before a song. The rāgam (or last rāgam in case of rāgamālika) is usually the same as that of the song that follows.
Manōdharma.
"Manōdharma" is the concept of impromptu or spontaneous improvisation, which is one of the important aspects of Carnatic music. There are many types of improvisations, like "Rāgam Ālāpana", "Thānam", "Niraval", "Viruttam" and "Kalpanaswaram".
Kalpita sangeetam.
"Kalpita sangeetam" is music that is already composed, learnt and practiced. It is opposite of "Manodharma sangeetam", which complements "Kalpita sangeetam".
Swarams.
The seven swarams in Carnatic music, then followed by other terms related to swaram.
Shadjam.
The first swaram in the scale is "Shadjam" (Sa). It is invariant and is always included in all ragams.
Rishabham.
The second swaram in the scale is "Rishabham" (Ri). It has three pitch possibilities, namely "Suddha", "Chathusruti" and "Shatsruti". 
Gāndhāram.
The third swaram in the scale is "Gāndhāram" (Ga). It has three pitch possibilities, namely "Suddha", "Sādhārana" and "Antara". 
Madhyamam.
The fourth swaram in the scale is "Madhyamam" (Ma). It has two pitch possibilities, namely "Suddha" and "Prati".
Panchamam.
The fifth swaram in the scale is "Panchamam" (Pa). It is invariant.
Dhaivatam.
The sixth swaram in the scale is "Dhaivatam" (Dha). It has three pitch possibilities, namely "Suddha", "Chathusruti" and "Shatsruti". 
Nishādham.
The seventh swaram in the scale is "Nishādham" (Ni). It has three pitch possibilities, namely "Suddha", "Kaisiki" and "Kākali".
Anya swaram.
"Anya swaram" in a "janya" rāgam is a swaram that is not found in its parent rāgam ("melakartā" rāgam). "Anya" means "outside the set/ group".
Sthāi.
"Sthāi" refers to an "octave" of music. There are 5 "sthāis" in Carnatic music, namely, "Anumandra" (lowest), "Mandra" (literally means chant, which means lower), "Madhya" (literally means middle), "Tara" (means higher) and "Athitara" (meaning very high). Most artists sing over two octaves or two and a half octaves range (within Mandra, Madhya and Tara sthais). Very few can sing well in bigger range of 3 or more octaves.
Anga.
"Anga" means part. In the context of a rāgam's scale, the terms "poorvanga" (meaning former part, in this case first-half) and "uttaranga" (latter part, or second-half) are used. "Sa, Ri, Ga and Ma" notes in a scale are referred are "poorvanga", while "Pa, Dha and Ni" are referred as "uttaranga"
Gamaka.
"Gamaka" is the term used for variations of the "swarams" in a scale. It can refer to the shake of the note, grace around the note, decoration or embellishment of the swaram. It is an integral part of most rāgams, as it is not arbitrary but is essential part of the structure/ scale.
Vādi.
"Vādi swaram" in a rāgam is the main/ primary swaram of importance in it. A "vādi" swaram is repeated quite often in a rendition.
Samvādi.
"Samvādi swaram" in a rāgam has a concordant effect with the "vādi swaram". It has a good effect to the ear (melody or pleasing) along with the "vādi". In western music it is equivalent of the "consonant".
Vivādi.
"Vivādi swaram" in a rāgam has a discordant effect with the "vādi swaram" in it. It may not have a pleasing effect when sounded together, but composers use appropriate phrases so that such discordant effect is skipped or avoided. In western music it is equivalent of the "dissonant".
Anuvādi.
"Anuvādi swaram" in a rāgam has neither concordant nor discordant effect with the "vādi swaram".
Janya rāgams.
Prayōgam.
A musical notes phrase of a rāgam (series of swarams sung in a particular rāgam) is known as "Prayōgam".
Vishesha Prayōgam.
"Vishesha" means "special". Hence, important phrases of a rāgam are known as "Vishesha Prayōgams".
Varjya.
Missing swarams in a "janya" rāgam, when derived from a "melakartā" rāgam are referred as "varjya". For example, "Rishabham" and "Panchamam" are "varjya" in "Hindolam" when derived from "Natabhairavi".
Vakram.
Swarams are said to be "vakram" in a rāgam, if either the "Ārōhanam", "Avarōhanam" or both, do not follow a strictly "ascending" or "descending" order. They go up and down (example, 2 steps forward one step back). In such a rāgam, these swarams should always use the same order in order to give the unique melody of the rāgam.
Upānga.
A "janya rāgam" is "Upānga" if all the swarams in its scale are strictly derived from its "melakartā rāgam" (parent). There are no "anya" swarams (external swarams).
Bhāshānga.
A "janya rāgam" is "Bhāshānga" if an "anya" swaram is introduced in its scale, when derived from its "melakartā rāgam" (parent).
Nishādhāntya.
A "janya rāgam" is "Nishādhāntya" if the highest note that can be played is the "Nishādham". The rules for such rāgams are that they should be played or sung within the single octave - "Ni, Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha, Ni". Examples are "Nadanamakriya" and "Punnāgavarāli" rāgams.
Dhaivatāntya.
A "janya rāgam" is "Dhaivadhāntya" if the highest note that can be played is the "Dhaivatam". The rules for such rāgams are that they should be played or sung within the single octave - "Dha, Ni, Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha". Example "Kurinji" rāgam.
Panchamāntya.
A "janya rāgam" is "Panchamāntya" if the highest note that can be played is the "Panchamam". The rules for such rāgams are that they should be played or sung within the single octave - "Pa, Dha, Ni, Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa". Example "Navroj" rāgam.
Madhyama sruti.
Tuning the "sruti" (tonic note) to "Ma" (and also changing "Pa" string of Tambura to "Ma") is called "Madhyama sruti". It is usually set for "Panchamāntya", "Dhaivadhāntya" and "Nishādhāntya" rāgams.
Swaram counts.
The following terms are applicable to ascending scale (ārōhanam) of a rāgam, descending scale (avarōhanam) of a rāgam, or the rāgam as a whole.
Sampūrna rāgam.
"Sampurna rāgam" is a rāgam that has all seven swarams, namely, "Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha and Ni".
Shādava rāgam.
"Shādava rāgam" is a rāgam that has only six of the seven swarams in its scale.
Owdava rāgam.
"Owdava rāgam" is a rāgam that has only five of the seven swarams in its scale. It is a pentatonic scale.
Svarantara rāgam.
"Svarantara rāgam" is a rāgam that has only four of the seven swarams in its scale.
Tālam components.
Jathi.
"Jathi" of a "tālam" specifies "beat count" of the rhythm cycle. It specifically applies to "lagu" component(s) of the tālam and not necessarily to the entire tālam. The different jathis are tisra (three beats in lagu), chathusra (four), khanda (five), misra (seven) and sankeerna (nine).
Gati.
"Gati" of a "tālam" specifies sub-divisions of a beat in a composition. It is also referred as "Nadai". "Chathusra" gati is the most common (four), followed by "Tisra" (three). Others are "Khanda", "Misra" and "Sankeerna".
Lagu.
"Lagu" is the component of a "tālam" which is the variant part. Its beat count is dependent on the "jathi" of the "tālam". The action for counting includes a tap / clap, followed by a count of sub-beats of the full rhythm cycle. Note that a tisra jathi lagu is actually 1 clap and 2 counts = 3 beats.
Dhrutham.
"Dhrutham" is the component of a "tālam" which is invariant and includes only two beats. Its action includes a tap / clap, followed by a "veechu" (wave).
Anudhrutham.
"Anudhrutham" is the component of a "tālam" which is invariant and includes only one beat. Its action is a tap / clap.
Āvartanam.
"Āvartanam" of a "tālam" refers to one cycle of the tālam. Most tālams have at least 1 lagu, except for the rare tālams (see tālam page).
Eduppu.
"Eduppu", from Tamil, means "start". Eduppu denotes the point within the "Āvartanam" of a "tālam" when a composition or stanza in a composition begins. "Onru" (one beat later, meaning second beat), "Onrarai" (one and half beat later, meaning between 2nd and 3rd beat) are common, other than "Samam" (meaning equal) which starts in synchronization with the beginning of a "tālam".
Tālams.
Rūpaka tālam.
"Rūpaka tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 1 dhrutam, followed by 1 lagu. "Rūpaka tālam" also refers to "chathusra-jathi rūpaka tālam" as a default (2 + 4 = 6 beats in an āvartanam).
Triputa tālam.
"Triputa tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 1 lagu, followed by 2 dhrutams. "Triputa tālam" also refers to "tisra-jathi triputa tālam" as a default (3 + 2 + 2 = 7 beats in an āvartanam).
Dhruva tālam.
"Dhruva tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 1 lagu, followed by 1 dhrutam, followed by two lagus. "Dhruva tālam" also refers to "chathusra-jathi dhruva tālam" as a default (4 + 2 + 4 + 4 = 14 beats in an āvartanam), unless a different jathi is specified.
Matya tālam.
"Matya tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 1 lagu, followed by 1 dhrutam, followed by 1 lagu. "Matya tālam" also refers to "chathusra-jathi matya tālam" as a default (4 + 2 + 4 = 10 beats in an āvartanam).
Jhampa tālam.
"Jhampa tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 1 lagu, followed by 1 anudhrutam, followed by 1 dhrutam. "Jhampa tālam" also refers to "misra-jathi jhampa tālam" as a default (7 + 1 + 2 = 10 beats in an āvartanam).
Ata tālam.
"Ata tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 2 lagus, followed by 2 dhrutams. "Ata tālam" also refers to "khanda-jathi ata tālam" as a default (5 + 5 + 2 + 2 = 14 beats in an āvartanam).
Eka tālam.
"Eka tālam" refers to the group of "tālams" that consist of 1 lagu only. "Eka tālam" also refers to "chathusra-jathi eka tālam" as a default (4 beats in an āvartanam).
Ādhi tālam.
"Ādhi tālam" refers to "chathusra-jathi triputa tālam" (4 + 2 + 2 = 8 beats in an āvartanam), which is very common in Carnatic music. This is the equivalent of 8 beat / 16 beat of Western music.
Khanda chāpu tālam.
"Khanda chāpu" refers to a tālam with 10 beat āvartanam (Khanda literally means 5) which does not fit into above classification of tālams.
Misra chāpu tālam.
"Misra chāpu" refers to a tālam with 14 beat āvartanam (Misra literally means 7) which does not fit into above classification of tālams.
Desādhi tālam.
"Desādhi" refers to "ādhi tālam" with (8 beat āvartanam), where the "eduppu" is one and a half beats from beginning of "āvaratanam" ("onrarai").
Kalai.
"Kalai" refers to the speed of the tālam during a rendition of song.
Learning exercises.
Learning Carnatic music involves learning most of the following exercises, mostly in the order listed below.
Sarali varisai.
"Sarali varisai" is used to learn the swarams in the octave, usually in "Māyāmālavagowla" ragam. It is learnt in simple straight ascending and descending fashion and a few variations. It is also learnt in multiple speeds (kalams).
Swarāvali.
"Avali" means "row" or "arrangement". "Swarāvali" are exercises with different arrangements of swarams. It is shortened and referred as "Sarali", as in "Sarali varisai" described above.
Jhanta varisai.
"Jhanta varisai" are exercises used to learn the swarams in the octave in twin fashion (sa sa ri ri ga ga and so on) and a few other combinations. It is also usually learnt in "Māyāmālavagowla" rāgam.
Dhāttu varisai.
"Dhāttu" literally means jump. "Dhāttu varisai" are exercises used to learn the swarams in zig-zag fashion, so that more control of the notes and different combinations are achieved. Example, "sa ma ri ga, sa ri ga ma", and so on. Each of these exercises are set to different "tālams", so that different rhythm aspects are learnt.
Alankāra.
"Alankāra" means "decoration". These exercises are groups or patterns of swarams, each of which are set to seven main "tālams", so that rhythm aspect is also learnt together with different rāgams.
Types of composition.
Geetham.
"Geetham" means "song" or "melody". Geethams are the first songs that are learnt. They are very short and are the first exercises where singing "lyrics" along with their swaram patterns are learnt.
Swarajati.
"Swarajati" lead to learning bigger songs / compositions after learning "Geethams". They are set to different rāgams and lead towards learning "varnams" and "kritis".
Varnam.
"Varnam" is a type of composition which is suited for vocal exercises of a wide variety of Carnatic music aspects, including slow and fast tempo of singing, both lyrics and swarams. It is the most complex of vocal exercises. In modern carnatic concerts, it is usually sung as a first song and is supposed to help warm-up.
Keerthanam.
"Keerthanam" or "Kriti" is the category of most compositions in Carnatic music. A concert consists mainly of Keerthanams with zero or one of "Varnam", "Rāgam Thānam Pallavi" and "Thillānā" included in appropriate order.
Kriti.
For "Kriti", see "Keerthanam" above.
Thillana.
"Thillānā" is a composition consisting of "rhythm" syllables, like "Dheem, thom, tarana and thaani" in first two stanzas, followed by a one or two line lyric. In instrumental performances, it is a melodic rhythmic piece.
Parts of a composition.
Pallavi.
"Pallavi" is the first verse in a composition, especially varanams,"Keerthanams" or "Kritis".
Anupallavi.
"Anupallavi" is an optional verse that follows the "pallavi" in a composition, especially "keerthanams" or "kritis".
Charanam.
"Charanams" are the verse(s) that follow the "pallavi" or "anupallavi" (if present).
Chittaswaram.
"Chittaswarams" are set swaram phrases (solfa passages), in a composition (usually a "kriti" appended to enrich its beauty. It is sung at the end of the "anupallavi" and "charanam". 
Muktāyi swaram.
"Muktāyi swarams" are the swaram phrases (solfa passage) that occur after the "anupallavi" in "tāna varnams" and which serves as the concluding part of the "pūrvanga" (first part). This is more related to the songs for dance performances, like "Bharatanatyam".
Other.
Tani avartanam.
"Tani avartanam" refers to the extended solo that is played by the percussionists in a concert. 
Tukkada.
"Tukkadas" are compositions played towards the end of Carnatic concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="19175934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175934" title="Brandon Foster">
Brandon Foster

Brandon Foster (born December 25, 1984 in Dallas, Texas) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He most recently attended training camp with the Saskatchewan Roughriders. He was signed by the Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2008 after posting a 4.28 40 time at the University of Texas Pro Day. He played college football at Texas.
Early years.
Foster attended Bowie High School in Arlington, Texas and was a two-year starter. He was also and all-district selection as a senior with 42 tackles, 4 interceptions and two forced fumbles. He also was a 2003 state track champion as a member of the 4x100 and 4x200 relay team. The 4x100 meter recorded a time of 40.06 which was the 3rd fastest time in nation at the time.
College career.
Foster played 8 games as a redshirt freshman in 2004 and had two tackles. As a sophomore, he had 16 tackles in the 10th ranked defense. In 2006, he had 15 tackles and 4 interception in which he returned 2 for touchdown which tied as a UT record all in his first year as a starter. In 2007, he was named All-Big 12 Second Team with 4 interceptions. In all his four years, he had 106 tackles and 4 interceptions.
Professional career.
Indianapolis Colts.
Foster was signed as a rookie free agent on May 2, 2008. He was released by the team during final cuts and re-signed to the practice squad on September 1. The Colts promoted him to the active roster on November 19 when cornerback Nick Graham was placed on injured reserve. Foster was waived on December 2 and re-signed to the practice squad a day later.
After finishing the season on the practice squad, Foster was re-signed to a future contract on January 5, 2009. He was waived on July 29, 2009.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
On March 24, 2010, Foster signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
Coaching career.
Currently is District Athletic Coordinator at Advantage Academy. Varsity football,basketball and track coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19175945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175945" title="Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve">
Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve

The Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve is a national nature reserve in the West African nation of Niger. It includes several overlapping reserve designations, and is designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It covers both the eastern half of the Aïr Mountains and the western sections of the Ténéré desert. It has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area.
The Aïr and Ténéré UNESCO World Heritage Site was established in 1991, and marked as endangered 1992. It was designated under criteria vii, ix, x, and is designated #573. The entire reserver covers 77,360 km2, which made it the second largest nature reserve in Africa, and the fourth largest in the world.
The Reserve includes two parts:

</doc>
<doc id="19175947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175947" title="INS Eilat">
INS Eilat

INS "Eilat" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19175957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175957" title="Craig Mitchell (baseball)">
Craig Mitchell (baseball)

Craig Seton Mitchell is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Mitchell pitched in parts of three seasons, from until , for the Oakland Athletics.
Mitchell was the A's first-round draft pick in the secondary phase of the 1973 Major League Baseball Draft. He had previously been drafted twice, once by the New York Mets and once by the New York Yankees, but did not sign with either team. Mitchell made his major league debut in September of , starting and losing a game against the Chicago White Sox. Mitchell pitched one more game in and three in , finishing his career with just 12.2 innings pitched in the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="19175958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175958" title="Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure">
Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure

"Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure" was a television documentary series presented by comedians Rory McGrath and Paddy McGuinness. The series was broadcast on Five between 13 August and 3 September 2008. The series followed McGrath and McGuinness travelling around Great Britain, taking part in, "strange but quintessentially British sporting events". Examples of sports that appeared in the series include cheese rolling, pie eating, bog snorkelling, Eton Fives and Egg Throwing. A second series, "Rory and Paddy's Even Greater British Adventure", began on 20 September 2010 and ended on 18 October 2010.
Plot.
"Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure" saw McGrath and McGuinness competing against both the public and themselves in unusual sports around Britain. For the first series, the contest was split into four parts: Middle England; Scotland and Northern England; Wales and the Shires; and Southern England. In each edition, McGrath and McGuinness go head-to-head at different sports, and also take part in a separate sport each. The results were recorded in their "Black book", with McGrath and McGuinness fighting each other to see who is best.
In the second series, the contest was split into six parts, with results recording their "Red book". The separate sports were removed from the show, so now each contest is a head-to-head between McGrath and McGuinness.
Reception.
The series received mixed reviews. The programme was originally broadcast during the 2008 Summer Olympics, which resulted in some media outlets saying that Britain should play in sports depicted in the show, rather than actual Olympic events. Andrew Tong wrote in "The Independent on Sunday" that; "we mustn't play them at their own game. Rather we should regale them with all the sports we invented but which the IOC won't allow in the Olympics. Not cricket and rugby, but games at which we're the best in the world, such as toe wrestling, mountain bike bog snorkelling, egg throwing and, of course, worm charming."
Noam Friedlander in "Metro" gave the programme four stars out of five, saying: "The pair packed a lot into the hour but a swifter romp through Middle England would have been more welcome. At least the eccentricities that make Britain 'great' got their minutes of fame. It makes a change to give these genuine characters airtime rather than the caterwauling wannabes we'll be seeing on this weekend's "The X Factor" auditions."
However, James Walton in the "Daily Telegraph" was more critical of "Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure" saying, "that a sense of almost existential pointlessness had soon settled over the entire programme – a sense not banished by perhaps the least alluring pre-advert announcement in TV history. "Coming up," said Paddy, "Rory's a no-hoper at tiddlywinks.""

</doc>
<doc id="19175963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175963" title="Lively-class frigate">
Lively-class frigate

The "Lively" class were a successful class of sixteen British Royal Navy 38-gun sailing frigates. 
Origins.
The Lively class were a series of sixteen ships built to a 1799 design by Sir William Rule, which served in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars. The prototype and name ship of the class was HMS Lively of 1804. In contemporary usage the class was referred to as the 'Repeat Lively class'. As such the prototype ship was not considered to be part of the class at the time.
They were considered the most successful British frigate design of the period, much prized by the Navy Board; after the prototype was launched in 1804 (by which time four more frigates had already been ordered to the same design), a further eleven sister-ships were ordered to her design, although this was slightly modified (in 1805) to have the gangways between forecastle and quarterdeck more integrated into the upperworks, a step towards the final enclosure of the waist. This was reinforced in 1809 by the abandonment of breastworks at the break of the quarterdeck and forecastle and in 1810 by the narrowing of the waist by the addition of gratings inboard of the gangways. At the same date, 'top riders', angled reinforcing timbers for the upperworks, were discontinued.
The United States Navy ordered a frigate to the design of the captured in 1832, which was launched in 1836 as .
Characteristics and performance.
The captain's reports on the performance of this class were remarkable for their absence of serious criticism. The vessels of the class were fast, recording 13kts large and 10-11kts close-hauled, weatherly and manoeuvrable. They were excellent heavy-weather ships, perfectly able to cope with a "head sea." They stowed their provisions well; they were capable of stowing provisions and freshwater for up to six months of cruising. Indeed "riding light," after a substantial proportion of fresh water and provisions had been consumed, affected their sailing qualities adversely, so that most captains filled any emptied freshwater stowage capacity with seawater.

</doc>
<doc id="19175980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175980" title="Descendant subgroup">
Descendant subgroup

In mathematics, in the field of group theory, a subgroup of a group is said to be descendant if there is a descending series starting from the subgroup and ending at the group, such that every term in the series is a normal subgroup of its predecessor.
The series may be infinite. If the series is finite, then the subgroup is subnormal. 

</doc>
<doc id="19175995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19175995" title="Sebastian Rupley">
Sebastian Rupley

Sebastian Rupley is a technology journalist and commentator. He lives in San Francisco, California with his wife.
Career.
Rupley was the Editor-in-Chief of the GigaOM network.
Prior to GigaOM, Rupley was Editorial Director for PCMagCast, "PC Magazine"'s channel for live Web seminars and online events on tech topics for consumers and small businesses. Before that, he was West Coast Editor of "PC Magazine" for over a decade, where he oversaw news and feature stories for the publication, and represented the brand on panels and at conferences on the West Coast. He also served as Features Editor of PC/Computing magazine, managing and promoting many noted technology journalists.
A familiar face to leaders at technology companies, Sebastian has won numerous national journalism awards, including back-to-back Gold awards from the American Society of Business Professional Editors in 2004 and 2005 in the category of Original Web Content, and awards from the Computer Press Association.
Rupley is the author of the book "Portable Computing", one of the first titles ever to appear about laptop computers and mobile technology.
From March 2006 until May 2010, Rupley had served as co-host (introduced as "co-crank"), alongside PC Magazine columnist John C. Dvorak, on Mevio's popular weekly IPTV show Cranky Geeks. He selected topics from current events in the technology industry, and participated in discussions moderated by Dvorak. Rupley announced his departure from Cranky Geeks during the May 12, 2010 episode.
Awards.
Rupley has won numerous national journalism awards, including back-to-back Gold awards from the American Society of Business Professional Editors in 2004 and 2005 in the category of Original Web Content, and awards from the Computer Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19176002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176002" title="James Fulton (researcher)">
James Fulton (researcher)

James T. Fulton (born December 6, 1935) is a neuroscience researcher who publishes much of his research on the Internet. His organization is Neuron Concepts doing business also as Vision Concepts, and Hearing Concepts of Corona del Mar, Newport Beach, California.
Before his retirement from the industrial community in 1989, he was an executive with Hughes Aircraft Company holding the positions of Vice President of Hughes Optical Products, Inc. and Assistant Division Manager of the Microelectronics Division of the parent company in Carlsbad, California. 
He was born in Kansas City, Missouri.
Published works.
Books:
Journal Articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19176005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176005" title="National Alliance for Youth Sports">
National Alliance for Youth Sports

The National Alliance for Youth Sports (NAYS) is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization based in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S.A. NAYS provides a variety of programs and services for everyone involved in youth sports, including professional and volunteer administrators, volunteer coaches, officials, parents and young athletes.
Mission.
NAYS seeks to make the sports experience safe, fun and healthy for ALL children. In addition, NAYS promotes the value and importance of sports and physical activities for the emotional, physical, social and mental development of youth. NAYS believes that participation in sports and activities develops important character traits and lifelong values. In addition, NAYS believes that the lives of youngsters can be positively impacted by their participation in sports and physical activities if the adults involved have proper training and information.
NAYS is committed to making sports safe and positive by providing programs and services that add value to these activities. NAYS believes this happens by:
History.
Fred Engh, the President and CEO of NAYS, founded the organization in 1981. He has been involved in youth sports for more than 35 years as a coach, athletic director, sports educator and parent of seven children. In 1999, he wrote Why Johnny Hates Sports, a book that examines the state of youth sports in America and provides solutions to many of the problems plaguing organized programs.
Originally named the National Youth Sports Coaches Association (NYSCA), the organization initially focused on educating volunteer coaches on their wide range of responsibilities and the importance of meeting the needs of every child. NYSCA is a volunteer coaches training program that has been utilized by more than 3 million volunteer coaches worldwide. With the realization that volunteer coaches are only one aspect of the youth sports equation, NYSCA evolved into the National Alliance for Youth Sports in 1993.
Today, NAYS is the nation's leading youth sports educator and advocate with national programs that educate administrators, coaches, officials and parents about their roles and responsibilities in youth sports, in addition to offering youth development programs for children.
NAYS programs are provided at the local level through dynamic partnerships with more than 3,000 community-based organizations, which include parks and recreation departments, Boys and Girls Clubs, Police Athletic leagues, YMCA/YWCAs, Catholic Youth Organizations and other independent youth service groups throughout the country. NAYS also has a strong presence on military installations worldwide.
Membership/Education.
NAYS’ membership/education programs are designed to properly train and prepare adults for their roles and responsibilities in youth sports.
National Youth Sports Coaches Association.
The National Youth Sports Coaches Association (NYSCA) is a membership organization and has educated more than 3 million coaches since its inception in 1981. More than 3,000 community-based organizations offer this program. To become a member, coaches must (1) participate in an NYSCA interactive video training clinic, (2) successfully complete an exam and (3) sign a pledge committing to uphold the NYSCA Code of Ethics. Members not adhering to NYSCA Code of Ethics may have their membership revoked.
The web-designed course delivers an e-learning experience in eight topic areas including philosophy & ethics, sports safety and injury prevention, physical preparation and conditioning, growth & development, teaching & communication, organization & administration, skills & tactics, and evaluations for existing NYSCA members.
Parents Association for Youth Sports.
The Parents Association for Youth Sports (PAYS) is a membership organization for parents promoting positive youth sports. The program began in 1999 and since that time, over 100,000 families have become members. PAYS sets a standard for parent education by holding them accountable for themselves through the PAYS Parents’ Code of Ethics and by helping them become positively involved in the youth sports experience.
To become a member, parents must (1) participate in a PAYS interactive video training clinic and (2) sign a pledge committing to uphold the PAYS Code of Ethics.
National Youth Sports Administrators Association.
The National Youth Sports Administrators Association (NYSAA) is a membership organization for volunteers responsible for the planning and implementation of out-of-school sports programs. To become a member, administrators must (1) participate in an NYSAA interactive video training clinic (2) successfully complete the exam and (3) sign a pledge committing to uphold the NYSAA Code of Ethics.
Academy for Youth Sports Administrators.
The Academy for Youth Sports Administrators (AYSA) is a 20-hour certification program that is designed to raise the professionalism of those delivering youth sports services. The Academy, either on-site or online, is the only way to earn Certified Youth Sports Administrator’s credentials (CYSA). During the Academy, faculty members cover such topics as youth sports philosophy, mission statements, policies and procedures, volunteer management, child abuse, parents, conflict management, insurance and risk management, and inclusion of children with disabilities. Currently, more than 2,400 CYSA’s have graduated from the Academy.
National Youth Sports Officials Association.
The National Youth Sports Officials Association (NYSOA) is a membership organization for volunteer game officials to better understand their roles and responsibilities when officiating youth sports. To become a member, officials must (1) participate in an NYSOA interactive video training clinic (2) successfully complete the exam and (3) sign a pledge committing to uphold the NYSOA Code of Ethics.
Youth Development.
NAYS’ youth development division consists of three youth sports programs – Start Smart Sports Development Programs, Hook A Kid On Golf and Ready, Set, RUN!
Start Smart Sports Development Programs.
The Start Smart Sports Development Program brings parents and children (ages 3–5) together to learn pre-sports skills such as catching, kicking, throwing and batting. The Start Smart curriculum includes six lessons that teach parents how to work with their children to develop motor skills.
Start Smart is conducted in nearly 400 communities each year and has been mandated on every US Army installation around the world. Approximately 22,000 children participate in the Start Smart program annually.
Sports Specific Skill Development Programs.
Start Smart offers sport-specific programs in baseball, soccer, basketball, golf, football and tennis, as well as a general sports development program. These programs teach parents and their children (ages 3–5) basic motor skill development and sport-specific skills while preparing the child for organized sports participation. Start Smart sport-specific programs teach children the most basic concepts of each sport.
Hook A Kid On Golf.
Hook A Kid On Golf is the largest junior golf program in the country and has benefited nearly 75,000 participants and has been in more than 500 communities in the United States. Established in 1990, the program focuses on providing communities with a junior golf program with three levels: the Tee Level Introductory Clinic, Green Level Training Program and Challenge Golf League. Hook A Kid On Golf also hosts a junior golf event, the Traditions of Golf Challenge, which combines a team’s playing score with rules, etiquette and history knowledge.
Tee Level Clinic.
The Tee Level Clinic is designed as a 15 hour introductory program, typically spread out over 5 days, for children ages 8–13 who have no previous introduction to the game. Tee Level Clinic participants receive an introduction to the game as well as the necessary items to begin playing golf, including a starter set of clubs, upon completion of the program.
Green Level Training Program.
The Green Level Training Program is for ages 8–15 and acts as a bridge between youngsters who have a basic introduction to the game and those who are ready for on-course play by providing practical training in the rules, etiquette and fundamentals of the game.
Challenge Golf Leagues.
Challenge Golf Leagues, also for ages 8–15, provide an opportunity for team-oriented, recreation league play in which fun, learning and sportsmanship are stressed. Local leagues are modeled after other successful youth sports programs, which mean that parents and volunteers are trained as coaches and administrators.
Ready, Set, RUN!
Ready, Set, Run is a character building running program that trains kids ages 8–13 to participate in a 5k run. This curriculum-based program equips kids with the physical training and goal-setting mentality needed to accomplish their running goals. Issues like enhancing confidence and self-esteem, respecting authority, dealing with peer pressure and fueling their bodies through proper nutrition are covered during the 12-week session.
International Department.
International Alliance for Youth Sports.
The International Alliance for Youth Sports (IAYS), the international division of NAYS, created the Game On! program to provide children throughout the world with the opportunity to gain the benefits of sports while addressing the issues that hinder youth sport participation—particularly in developing countries where there is a lack of training, programming, nonexistent facilities and poor equipment. Game On! has impacted the lives of more than 350,000 youth in developing countries around the world and is designed to provide countries with sports programming for children at the school, after-school, and community levels. Game On! Youth Sports programs are designed to give children the ability to develop sports skills while learning how to make healthy lifestyle decisions and avoid the negative behaviors that lead to the dangers of crime, violence, drug abuse, obesity and diseases such as HIV/AIDS.
Global Gear Drive.
The Global Gear Drive is one of the charitable programs under the National Alliance For Youth Sports which places new and gently used sports equipment in the hands of children throughout the United States and around the world who wish to take part in sports activities but are unable to do so due to shortages of equipment and gear. The Global Gear Drive identifies areas where children are most in need and then coordinates by collecting sports equipment that specifically fits those needs and ships it to their respective group or community. Since its inception it has sent more than 400,000 pounds of equipment to children across the U.S., as well as Africa, India, Mexico and the Caribbean.
The Sammy Wilkinson Memorial Foundation.
The Sammy Wilkinson Memorial Foundation was created by NAYS’ CEO in honor and memory of his grandson, Sammy, who died in an accident in 2003. The Sammy Fund is today the charitable fundraising arm for the Global Gear Drive helping to raise funds to help ship youth sports equipment to children throughout the U.S. and worldwide.
Events.
Youth Sports Congress.
The Youth Sports Congress is a three-day educational training discussing new topics in the field of youth sports and is a preferred venue for all professionals involved in youth sports. The Congress allows administrators to discuss issues that are pertinent to youth sports and interact with other administrators to obtain practical information regarding their youth sports community as well as giving them the opportunity to earn CEU credential.
NAYS joins forces with Athletic Business magazine annually in November to host the Youth Sports Congress in conjunction with the Athletic Business Conference & Expo.
Traditions of Golf.
The Traditions of Golf Challenge is an annual event that combines playing scores with rules, etiquette and history knowledge. Communities that conduct any level of the Hook A Kid On Golf program are eligible to participate in the Traditions of Golf Challenge. Each team's score from their round is combined with their "Traditions of Golf" score to determine the overall champion of the two-day tournament.
Past Winners Include:
1999 – West Palm Beach, Florida
2000 – Derby, Kansas
2001 – New Braunfels, Texas
2002 – Cuernavaca, Mexico
2003 – Cuernavaca, Mexico
2004 – Prospect Heights, Illinois
2005 – Prospect Heights, Illinois
2006 – Cuernavaca, Mexico
2007 – Prospect Heights, Illinois
2008 – West Palm Beach, Florida
2009 – Bloomington, Indiana
2010 – Prospect Heights, Illinois
2012 – Prospect Heights, Illinois
Awards.
Excellence in Youth Sports Award.
The Excellence in Youth Sports Award, is presented in partnership with Athletic Business magazine. The award recognizes organizations and agencies that conduct multifaceted sports programs. Five winners from these organizations are recognized each year. The organizations that apply include YMCA/YWCA, Boys and Girls Clubs of America, Jewish Community Center, Catholic Youth Organization, Parks and Recreation, Independent Leagues/Organizations and Military Installations.
Past Winners Include:
2000 – City of Greenacres, City of Tulsa, Hanscom Air Force Base, National Trial Parks & Recreation District, Patrick Air Force Base
2001 – Boys & Girls Club of Ellsworth Air Force Base, Falcon Trail Youth Center, Moody Air Force Base, City of North Miami Beach, City of Oregon
2002 – Eglin Air Force Base, Boys & Girls Club of Lackland Air Force Base, Orange County, South Suburban Parks & Recreation, YMCA at White Rock
2003 – Southeast YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids, Pleasant Dale Park District, Peoria Community Services, Child & Youth Services Fort Campbell, Kadena Youth Sports &Fitness
2004 – Boys & Girls Club of Green Bay, St. Andrews Parish Parks & Playground, Town of Hamburg Recreation Department, Tyndall Air Force Base, Schweinfut Army Base
2005 – City of Greensboro Parks & Recreation, City of Westerville Parks and Recreation Department, Gainesville Parks and Recreation, Mountain Home Air Force Base Youth Programs, Peterson Air Force Base Youth Center
2006 – Beale Air Force Base Youth Center, Indy parks and Recreation, City of Henderson Parks and Recreation, Hickam Air Force Base Youth Sports Program, Tinker Air Force Base Youth Center
2007 – Botetourt County Parks and Recreation Department, Fort Knox Child and Youth Services Sports and Fitness, Commander Fleet Activities Youth Sports, Misawa Youth Sports Program, St. Andrews Parish Parks and Playground Commission
2008 – City of Clearwater Parks and Recreation Department, City of Evans Parks and Recreation Department, Hickam Air Force Base Youth Sports Program, Tinker Air Force Base Youth Center, USAG Fort Belvoir Youth Sports
2009 – Andrews Air Force Base Youth Sports, Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center, Sasebo Youth Sports, Town of Huntersville Parks & Recreation Department, USAG West Point Youth Sports & Fitness
2010 – Glynn County Parks & Recreation, MCAS-MCCS Miramar Youth Sports Programs, Oconee County Parks & Recreation, Spangdahlem Air Base Youth Sports, USAG Hawaii Youth Sports and Fitness
2011 – MCCS Cherry Point Youth Sports, Village of Evendale Recreation, Kaiserslautern Military Community Youth Sports and Fitness Program, Town of Westport Parks and Recreation, Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson Youth Sports Program
2012 – Camp Lejeune Youth Sports, Churchville Recreation Council, Gwinnett County Parks and Recreation, Hillsborough County Parks, Recreation and Conservation Department's Youth Athletic Services, Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst Youth Sports & Fitness Program
NYSCA Coach of the Year Award.
The Coach of the Year award is given annually to a coach who has positively affected youth sports in his/her community and upholds the National Youth Sports Coaches Association Code of Ethics.
PAYS Parent of the Year Award.
The Parent of the Year award is given annually to an outstanding parent that upholds the Parents Association of Youth Sports Code of Ethics. This parent encourages good sportsmanship, demands a safe and healthy environment for their child and others, demands their child’s coach be trained, supports coaches, players, officials and administrators and respects and demonstrates good treatment of players, coaches, fans and officials.
Publications.
SportingKid.
SportingKid magazine is the official member publication of the National Alliance for Youth Sports (NAYS). The magazine is published four times a year and provided in both print and electronic versions. Each issue is packed with news, tips and expert information for volunteer coaches, parents, administrators and officials.
Why Johnny Hates Sports.
Written by Fred Engh, founder and president of the National Alliance For Youth Sports and an advocates of children’s sports, this book examines organized sports from all angles. Engh wanted to discuss the ever-increasing number of children that are dropping out of organized sports because the system they play in is failing them. Engh explains how and why many of the original goals of youth leagues have been affected by today’s win-at-all-cost attitudes and he documents the negative physical and psychological impact that parents, coaches and administrators can have on children. He also provides a wide variety of solutions to each and every one of the problems covered. Throughout the book Engh relates stories drawn from hundreds of real life experiences.
Coaching Baseball for Dummies.
The book, written by the National Alliance for Youth Sports and Greg Bach, gives you advice on teaching essential skills to different age groups, running great practices and leading your team effectively during games. Along with providing all sorts of information on everything from how to teach bunting to the best ways to determine how to position players, there are tips for helping players relax and stay focused before the game, clever ways to ensure the season is a memorable one for all the right reasons, and special ways to end the season on a high note.
Coaching Basketball for Dummies.
The book, written by the National Alliance for Youth Sports and Greg Bach, gives you innovative drills to teach your players a variety of offensive and defensive skills, as well as tips on all other aspects of coaching a youth basketball team. Readers will also find chapters on the best things to say to the team before a game, ways to stay realistic when coaching children, and how to properly evaluate the team, among many other areas.
Coaching Football for Dummies.
The book, written by the National Alliance for Youth Sports and Greg Bach, helps your work with children of all different ages and abilities, and successfully handle all of your game day responsibilities. The book has you covered in all these areas. Plus, you’ll find lots of football information for safely teaching players offensive, defensive and special teams skills, as well as determining which positions kids are best suited for playing.
Coaching Hockey for Dummies.
This book is written by Don MacAdam and Gail Reynolds. You’ll find information on teaching the basics of offense, defense, special teams and goaltending, plus there are specific chapters devoted to working with beginning, intermediate and advanced players. There is also insight on refining your coaching strategies to meet the needs of your players and keeping them healthy and injury free.
Coaching Lacrosse for Dummies.
The book, written by the National Alliance for Youth Sports and Greg Bach, helps you grasp the basics of lacrosse. You get advice on teaching skills to different age groups, determining positions for each player, promoting teamwork, keeping kids healthy and injury free, helping struggling players, and leading your team effectively during a game. You'll also find all sorts of drills to help beginners get a handle on the fundamentals of the game, as well as more complex drills to help advanced players take their skills to the next level.
Coaching Soccer for Dummies.
The book, written by the National Alliance for Youth Sports and Greg Bach provides the proper technique for the game of soccer, regardless if it’s a beginning level team looking to learn the basics, or a more advanced squad wanting to enhance their skills. The book also features a variety of drills to teach both fundamental and advanced skills, as well as tips for dealing with common coaching challenges that often pop up during the season.
Coaching Volleyball for Dummies.
The book, written by the National Alliance for Youth Sports and Greg Bach helps you grasp the basics of volleyball. You get advice on teaching key skills to different age groups, running safe and effective practices, helping struggling players, encouraging good sportsmanship and leading your team with confidence during a match. You’ll also find lots of information for teaching more advanced offensive and defensive skills to help raise your players’ level of play.

</doc>
<doc id="19176047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176047" title="Golem (opera)">
Golem (opera)

Golem is a one-act opera by Nicolae Bretan to his own libretto, based on the legend of the Golem as expressed in a drama by Illés Kaczér. It was written over a brief period in 1923, and was first performed in Cluj on 23 December 1924. It was not performed in the U.S. until its 1990 premiere at Opera Omaha under the stage direction of Keith Warner, who was then the company's assistant artistic director.
Synopsis.
Prague in the 16th century. Rabbi Lőw (based on the historical figure), has created the Golem, a living creature, from clay. The Golem falls in love with the Rabbi's granddaughter, thereby infecting her with a fatal illness. The Rabbi destroys the Golem to save his granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19176065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176065" title="1971–72 Montreal Canadiens season">
1971–72 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1971–72 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 63rd season of play. The Canadiens qualified for the playoffs but were eliminated in the first round.
Playoffs.
After winning the Stanley Cup the previous season, the Canadiens could not repeat. The Canadiens lost to the New York Rangers in the first round, losing four games to two.

</doc>
<doc id="19176073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176073" title="Dosso Reserve">
Dosso Reserve

The Dosso Partial Faunal Reserve is a nature reserve in the southwest Dosso Region of the African nation of Niger. It is a Partial Faunal Reserve IUCN type IV, established 1 January 1962. The reserve covers 3,065 square kilometres in the mouth of Dallol Bosso valley, a seasonal wash and ancient riverbed running from the Azawagh region, near where it reaches the Niger River valley. It is situated near the W du Niger National Park.
Faunal protection.
The Dosso reserve exists to protect animals of the W Transborder Park complex, most notably African elephants, Hippos, a number of types of gazelles, and the West African Giraffe ("Giraffa camelopardalis peralta"). This reserve marks the southern end of the migration path of the last sustainable herd of West African Giraffe, who travel north to the region around Kouré (some 80 km southeast of Niamey) in the rainy season. The tiger bush uplands around Kouré are not within a formal park, but are a center for tourism and Giraffe conservation, and the herds have protected status in Niger. The Dosso reserve provides forage and homes for the Giraffe in the dry season, and the area has restrictions on woodcutting and habitat damage which would affect Giraffe sustainability. NGOs near Kouré promoted woodcutting businesses in the late 1990s which have profoundly altered the habitat, and driven some Giraffe to raid local gardens for food, making the protections offered by the Dosso reserve crucial.

</doc>
<doc id="19176084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176084" title="Ulrichshorn">
Ulrichshorn

The Ulrichshorn (3,925 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Saas-Fee in the canton of Valais. It is located north of the Nadelhorn, in the Mischabel range, which lies between the Mattertal and the Saastal.

</doc>
<doc id="19176100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176100" title="Løvstakksiden">
Løvstakksiden

Løvstakksiden, commonly shortened to Løvstakken or simply Stakken, is a neighbourhood in the city of Bergen, Norway. Currently it is part of the borough of Årstad but until 2000 it was part of a borough called "Løvstakken" which covered the eastern and western sides of the mountain Løvstakken, consisting of Fyllingsdalen in the west and Løvstakksiden in the east.
Although the neighbourhood has no official boundaries, it can be said to cover the urban area to the north-east of the mountain Løvstakken, or parts of western Årstad. Løvstakksiden is not considered a "traditional" neighbourhood of Bergen, because it is located outside the core borough of Bergenhus. However it remains inside Bergen's urban area, in the borough of Årstad. 
Løvstakksiden is also a local parish in Bergen with two churches, Solheim Kirke and St. Markus Kirke.
History.
In the early 20th century Løvstakksiden was predominantly a traditional working class neighbourhood. However, in the 1970s many industrial work places closed down, and so the character of the neighbourhood changed. With many smaller apartments in the area, it became more attractive for senior citizens and low-income families, and other young single people.
Until recently housing was inexpensive. However with the northern parts being close to the university and other schools, a number of students have moved into the area, thus increasing the rental prices. Løvstakksiden has a large amount of housing projects, with one third of buildings in the area being owned by the municipality, the highest concentration in all of Bergen. When working-class families started moving out of these, the municipality placed more needy individuals in them, many with drug-related problems.
In the local newspaper "BA" in the 1990s, the leader of the child protection services was quoted as saying that children should not live in the neighborhood. He meant there was too much drug abuse, violence and police action there. Local residents protested at this, saying the whole neighbourhood was being stigmatized, when only part of it had such problems.
In recent years, the neighbourhood has received a number of immigrants. The proportion of immigrants increased from 4.1% in 1990 to 11.7% in 2000. In 1990 the largest immigrant group came from Chile; in 2000 the majority came from Bosnia-Herzegovina and Iraq.
Demographics.
The population of the neighbourhood was claimed to be about 3,435 in 2000, although this figure depends on how the neighbourhood is defined. Løvstakksiden is an unofficial area, and is often considered to extend somewhat further south than in this example. In the Municipality Living Standards Report of 2008 the areas named "Solheim nord" and "Solheim sør" (identified as roughly corresponding to Løvstakksiden) had a combined population of 7965 (5422 and 2543 respectively).
It is also the neighbourhood in Bergen which has the largest immigrant population. In 2000 one third of all arriving refugees to Bergen were placed in the neighbourhood.
Buekorps.
Løvstakkens Jægerkorps is the local buekorps of Løvstakksiden, founded in 1903. Krohnvikens Bataljon, a now defunct buekorps probably founded before 1854, was a predecessor of Løvstakkens Jægerkorps.
Education.
The main school of Løvstakksiden is the combined elementary and lower secondary school, Ny Krohnborg skole. Because of the relatively large immigrant population of Løvstakksiden, Ny Krohnborg is home to a large diversity of pupils. In 1998 the proportion of pupils from minority backgrounds was 34%. In 2005, about 75% of the pupils in the first grade were from a minority background.
Economy.
The average income of the inhabitants of Løvstakksiden was 138,526 NOK in 1999, which was clearly lower than for the city of Bergen as a whole at that time. In the Municipality Living Standards Report of 2008 the area Solheim nord had an average income of 194,800 NOK, while Solheim sør had an average income of 220,100 NOK. These areas had practically the lowest average incomes for the whole city.
Crime.
Løvstakksiden is also home to "Løvstakken Nærpoliti", which is a local police force, the only one in Bergen other than the main police force. This was moved from Landås to Løvstakksiden in 1999 due to the higher crime rates in the area. For two years this was a very effective move which helped reduce the crime rates, however after 2001 crime again started to increase. Most criminal activity is in the areas of drugs, robbery and violence.
In Culture.
Stig Holmås' Norwegian novel "Regn" published in 2008 (ISBN 978-82-05-39515-2) is set in Løvstakksiden during the 1950s. The shipyard BMV, Kronsminde sports stadium and Ny Krohnborg school and are all important locations in the story. The buekorps is mentioned as well as several streets and Solheim kirke.

</doc>
<doc id="19176112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176112" title="Campbell W. Adams">
Campbell W. Adams

Campbell W. Adams (December 9, 1852 Utica, Oneida County, New York – November 1930) was an American civil engineer, surveyor and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1894 to 1898.
Life.
He was educated at the Utica Free Academy. In 1872, he became an assistant to William H. Christian, City Surveyor of Utica, and in the following year when Christian's term expired, they formed a partnership and carried on a general surveying business. In 1872 and 1874 Mr. Adams had charge of building the Savage Reservoir at the end of Pleasant Street, Utica, for the Utica Water Works. From 1875 to 1880, he was a traveling salesman for the firm of Adams Bros., rope manufacturers.
From 1880 to 1885, he was City Surveyor of Utica. Afterwards he was Constructing Engineer for the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company, on the Albany and Susquehanna division, but a year later returned to Utica and served as Assistant City Surveyor during Mayor Kinney's administration. In 1887, he was employed as Resident Engineer for the Rome, Watertown and Ogdensburg Railroad, supervising the construction of the branch from Rochester, New York to Windsor Beach on Lake Ontario, of a viaduct at Harpursville, and of a bridge over the Genesee River. He was again appointed Assistant City Surveyor of Utica in 1888, and in 1891 was one of the engineering corps on the Adirondack and St. Lawrence Railroad. In 1892 and 1893, he was again City Surveyor of Utica.
He was State Engineer and Surveyor from 1894 to 1898, elected in 1893 and 1895 on the Republican ticket. From 1901 to 1903, he was engaged in building a railway and harbor for the Dunderland Iron Co., Ltd., of London, England, on the west coast of Norway, near the Arctic Circle. Until 1905, he remained as Superintendent of this work, during which time the plant has been completed for mining, concentrating and briquetting about twenty-five hundred tons daily of iron ore for shipment to England. In December 1905, he was made General Manager of the entire works.
He died on November 7, 1930 in Belleville, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19176113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176113" title="Bright Eyes vs Her Space Holiday">
Bright Eyes vs Her Space Holiday

Bright Eyes vs Her Space Holiday is an EP by Bright Eyes and Her Space Holiday. It was released in 2000 on the Wichita Recordings label.
The EP contained recordings by Conor Oberst of "The Calendar Hung Itself...", a song from his 2000 album "Fevers and Mirrors", and "Doctor and the DJ" by Marc Bianchi of Her Space Holiday, from his album "Home Is Where You Hang Yourself". Two remixes by Bianchi follow, one of his own song "Famous to Me (Hurtful Kid)" and a remix of Oberst's "Contrast and Compare".
The album was released on both vinyl (7") and CD.
Background.
In 2000 Her Space Holiday made a licensing deal with Wichita Recordings to release their work in Europe. Bright Eyes was also on the label at the time. The deal with Wichita led to Her Space Holiday touring with Bright Eyes, amongst other bands. Her Space Holiday had previously featured Bright Eyes remixes on the remix disk of "Home Is Where You Hang Yourself".
Music.
"The Calendar Hung Itself" featured 'jagged' vocals, repetitive guitar and synthesizers. Marc Bianchi's remix of "Contrast and Compare" made "major changes", including slurred vocals, keyboard 'drones' and a flute solo. A review in "NME" called Bright Eyes the 'angrier' of the two, whereas Her Space Holiday was 'languid atmospheric'.

</doc>
<doc id="19176118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176118" title="Egginer">
Egginer

The Egginer is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Saas-Fee in the canton of Valais. 

</doc>
<doc id="19176124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176124" title="Indonesia–Singapore border">
Indonesia–Singapore border

The Indonesia–Singapore border is a maritime boundary in the Straits of Singapore between Indonesia's Riau Islands which lie to the south of the border, and the islands of Singapore which lie to the north. The Straits of Singapore is one of the region's busiest waterways as it is the main channel for Singapore's ports.
Only a portion of the maritime border between the two countries has been determined. The remaining parts, especially those lying to the east of the delimited boundary, may require the involvement of Malaysia as the country also possesses territorial waters in the area.
The border.
Agreements.
The Agreement Stipulating the Territorial Sea Boundary Lines between Indonesia and the Republic of Singapore in the Strait of Singapore signed by Indonesia and Singapore on 25 May 1973 determines the common territorial sea border as a series of straight lines connecting six coordinate points located in the Straits of Singapore. Indonesia ratified the agreement on 3 December 1973 while Singapore ratified the agreement on 29 August 1974.
The distance of the border is . Three of the six coordinates lie equidistant from Indonesian and Singaporean shores while the remaining are negotiated points with two lying closer to the Indonesian shores. Point 2 lies towards the landward side of Indonesia's baseline.
On 10 March 2009, Indonesia and Singapore signed the Treaty between the Republic of Indonesia and the Republic of Singapore Relating to the Delimitation of the Territorial Seas of the Two Countries in the Western Part of the Strait of Singapore 2009 in Jakarta. The treaty, signed by their respective Foreign Ministers at that time, namely Hassan Wirajuda and George Yeo, extended the delimitation of their common maritime boundary by a further 12.1 km westwards from Point 1 determined in the 1973 agreement, to Point 1C. The treaty came into force upon ratification through an exchange of Instruments of Ratification on 31 August 2010 in Singapore by then Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa and his Singaporean counterpart George Yeo.
The new western end-point Point 1C is deemed to be located near but is not the tri-point for Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore and tri-lateral negotiations will be further needed to determine where the maritime boundaries of the three countries meet.
The 2009 extension uses the basepoints of Pulau Nipah in Indonesia and Singapore's Sultan Shoal, which has virtually been surrounded by reclaimed land. This is significant in legal terms as it indicated that Singapore was willing to not assert the use of the shores of reclaimed land as its baseline. Also significant for Indonesia is that its basepoints, of which Pulau Nipah is one, together with the baselines which were drawn according to the archipelagic baseline principle, were recognised by Singapore.
The three coordinates under the 2009 treaty are based on the World Geodetic System 1984 (WGS'84). 
Undefined border.
With the signing of the 2009 maritime boundary agreement, the delimitation of the "western segment" of the Indonesia-Singapore boundary was deemed completed, save for the gap between the new western end point and the eventual western tri-point of the boundaries of Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. This final gap will require trilateral negotiations among the three countries which are not expected to take place soon as it is dependent on the delimitation of the Indonesia-Malaysia maritime boundary in the southern portion of the Straits of Malacca, as well as the delimitation of the remaining portion of the Malaysia-Singapore border in the western part of the Straits of Singapore.
The remaining portion of the undefined boundary is called the "eastern segment" as it lies to the east of the boundary delimited by the 1973 agreement, in the eastern portion of the Straits of Singapore between Singapore and Indonesia's Riau Islands. Singapore has indicated that this segment would be made up of two portions. The first, between Singapore island off the Changi Coast and Indonesia's Batam island, will run from the eastern terminus determined in the 1973 agreement to an Indonesia-Malaysia-Singapore tri-point. Another portion will be located further east between Pedra Branca, which the International Court of Justice awarded to Singapore in 2008 in a dispute with Malaysia, and Indonesia's Bintan island. A stretch of the Indonesia-Malaysia border will lie in between the two portions. Tri-lateral negotiations among Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore would be needed to determine the three tri-points.
The signing of the 2009 treaty has given momentum for talks to determine the eastern segment to begin. During a press conference after the exchange of the Instruments of Ratification for the 2009 treaty, Singaporean Foreign Minister George Yeo said Indonesia and Singapore were going to begin the process of demarcating the portion of their common border between Singapore and Batam.
The solving of the sovereignty dispute between Malaysia and Singapore over Pedra Branca, Middle Rocks and South Ledge has also resulted in Malaysia and Singapore starting technical negotiations to determine their common border, which is necessary before the tripoints can be determined.
History.
The Indonesia–Singapore border came into being as part of the imaginary line created by the 1824 treaty between Great Britain and the Netherlands which divided up the Malay archipelago into spheres of influence between the two colonial powers. The current border in the Straits of Singapore is based on this line whereby territories north of the line were placed under British influence (and ultimately colonisation) while those south of the line were under Dutch influence. Singapore was already a British settlement at that time and was allowed to remain so.
The line became the boundary between British Malaya and the Dutch East Indies, and later between the colony of Singapore and independent Indonesia, the successor state of the Dutch East Indies.
Between 16 September 1963 and 4 August 1965, the border became part of the maritime frontier between Indonesia and Malaysia when Singapore joined the Federation of Malaysia as a constituent state. In then became independent on 9 August 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19176125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176125" title="Termit Massif Reserve">
Termit Massif Reserve

The Termit Massif Total Reserve is a nature reserve in the southeast of the African nation of Niger which was established in January 1962. In March 2012, a national nature and cultural reserve was established covering an area of , including the entire area of the Termit Massif and Tin Toumma desert, making it the largest single protected area in Africa. The area provides habitat for many critically endangered species. Prominent among them is the addax antelope, which is categorized under the IUCN Red List as one of the rarest and most endangered species in the world; about 300 of them are reported in the reserve. A conservation effort has been launched by the Government of Niger in collaboration with many international conservation agencies. The reserve has also been declared an UNESCO World Heritage Site for the biodiversity value of the Termit Massif and surrounding Sahara Desert and for the cultural value of its archaeological sites.
The reserve has 30 species of mammals, several species of reptiles and more than 150 species of birds; among the bird species recorded is the threatened Lappet-faced Vulture which breeds in small pockets in several areas of the reserve.
History.
The earliest reported exploration of the Termit Massif reserve area was by Saharan explorers Dixon Denham and Hugh Clapperton, Heinrich Barth, Gustav Nachtigal, Vischer and Buchanan who recorded the enormous amount of game found in the reserve. In recent years the decline in the wildlife of the region has also been noted, and some of the species have been photographed by renowned wildlife photographer Alain Dragesco-Joffé. This led to initiation of action to preserve the wildlife in the area through suitable legislation passed by the Government of Niger on 1 January 1952, covering an area of . This has been further enlarged recently to cover an area of .
Awareness of the unique wildlife of the reserve has been facilitated by the Sahara Conservation Fund since 2001. The proposal to declare this reserve as UNESCO World Heritage Site was submitted in 26 May 2006 under Criteria of Natural vii, on account of its biodiversity values and its cultural importance.
Geography.
The reserve is a Total Faunal Reserve IUCN type IV, established 1 January 1962, covering over 700,000 hectares of the Termit Massif, which includes the "Termit Massif Faunal Reserve Buffer Zone", forming a half ring around the southern border of the larger Termit Massif Reserve. The rocky Sahel highlands on the southern edge of the Sahara desert are known for their endangered antelope populations. Termit has both desert and mountain terrain.
WWF has classified this reserve as part of the larger ecoregion of the South Saharan Steppe and Woodlands ecoregion that includes a strip of desert land which extends from central Mauritania, Mali, southwestern Algeria, Niger, Chad, and across Sudan to the Red Sea, and borders southern fringes of the Sahara Desert. In the highly arid climatic conditions, precipitation is very scanty varying in the range of 100–200 mm, (highly temporal with spatial variation) which is generally during July and August. The ecoregion has two seasons - the dry season from November to May and the rainy season lasting from June to September. The highest temperature reported is 38 °C in May, whereas the lowest recorded is 23 °C in June at Gouré. People's sustenance in the region is largely dependent on pastoralism, rainfed agriculture, irrigation near oases and cattle grazing.
Termit Massif is the central core of the reserve. The topography of the massif's southern part includes long eroded slopes of black sandstone formations which have valley formations, gullies and hillocks of conical shape. The northern part, called the Gossololom region, has rock outcrops rising out of the sand. The masiff is surrounded by a landscape of black rocks and ochre coloured sand. The peak elevation of the massif is 710m.
The massif is home for human settlements of tribes of Toubou people whose basic vocation is farming (livestock and agriculture) with rearing of camels, goats and a limited number of sheep. The Gossololom region has notable archaeological finds from the Paleolithic and post-Neolithic periods. The tools found are Acheulean stone tools: microliths, bifaced tools, chopping tools, axe heads, and remnants of pots. Many carvings on stones of giraffes and cattle have also been found.
The soil formations recorded in the reserve in the sequence of from south to north are; the ancient dunes of the Quaternary age consisting of soil and clay; sand dunes running longitudinally; the newly deposited layers of sand dunes; a mixture of old and new dunes in the north; formations of clayey sandstone as bedrock; and the sandy alluvium of the Quaternary age in the dry valley of Dillia.
In the dry valley of Dillia, and in basins and valleys cutting the massif, there are only eight temporal ponds which are filled for 3 months of the year. In the foothills of the massif, deep wells of 16 to 40 m depth are the only other source of water.
Wildlife.
The reserve is a faunal reserve and hence all emphasis is on its fauna. Its flora consists mainly of Sahelian savanna of small, twisted trees, and trees with thorn and bushes.
Fauna.
The reserve habitat is isolated, conditions which have helped create the rich congregation of desert fauna. Many IUCN Red Listed endangered species such as addax, dama and dorcas gazelles, cheetah, Barbary sheep and striped hyena survive in large numbers. Bustards, of both the Nubian and Sudan species, and also tortoise (desert-adopted spurr type) are also found in large numbers; vultures, small carnivorans, including canids (such as fennec, pale fox, Rüppell's fox and golden jackal) and small cat species (sand cat and African wild cat), are also reported in the reserve.
While details are difficult to establish, some researchers believe Termit may be home to the last self-sustaining population of the critically endangered addax, which at one time made regular migrations from what is now the Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary on the edge of the Ténéré desert. Several hundred dama gazelle are noted here. Though the slender-horned gazelle had previously been reported here, it was unknown by 1999 if it was still found in the area. The Saharan cheetah is reported to be very few in number, about 10. They have adopted to the searing heat of the Saharan Desert and can survive without a perennial source of water.
Air Barbary sheep are also found here.
Flora.
The reserve's vegetation consists of steppe of "Acacia-Panicum" species on the western and southern sides of the massif. Grassy steppe species "Panicum turgidum", "Indigofera sessiliflora" or "Danthonia forskalii" dominate the eastern part of the reserve. Other specific floral species recorded include: "Acacia Radiana" and "Panicum turgidum" in the western and southern valleys, "Acacia raddiana Maema", "Crassifolia", "Salvadora persca", "Panicum turgidum", "Chenbergiana" and "Leptadenia pyrotechnica".
Conservation.
The faunal reserve has been subject to intense hunting of endangered species.
The addax species remaining in the Termit region is considered the only place in the world with sustainable numbers. Hence, its conservation has received the active support of the Termit regional programme jointly funded by the Government of Niger, the Convention on Migratory Species (CMS), the Fonds Français pour l’Environnement Mondial (FFEM), the Association Française des Volontaires du Progrès (AFVP) and the Sahara Conservation Fund (SCF). This project is integral to The Sahelo-Saharan Antelopes (SSA) initiative undertaken by the “CMS Concerted Action for Sahelo-Saharan Antelopes” launched in 1998, which is called a "flagship project"

</doc>
<doc id="19176136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176136" title="Reading Room West">
Reading Room West

The purpose of the reading room is:
Target group:
The reference collection in Reading Room West consists of 2 levels with a combined capacity of 65.000 volumes. It covers several of the subject areas of The Royal Library, but there is an emphasis on the humanities and theology. 

</doc>
<doc id="19176141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176141" title="Adlerhorn">
Adlerhorn

The Adlerhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located east of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Strahlhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19176144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176144" title="List of rulers of Remo">
List of rulers of Remo

The western half of the Ijebu Kingdom in Nigeria is known as Remo. It was initially settled roughly around the second half of the 15th century and was consolidated into a major sector of the kingdom with its own dominant ruling family around the early 16th century. This is a list of the Akarigbo's of Remo, who in many present day sources can also be referred to as the Oba or King of Sagamu (pronounced Shagamu).

</doc>
<doc id="19176162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176162" title="Agriculture in Georgia (country)">
Agriculture in Georgia (country)

Georgia’s climate and soil have made agriculture one of its most productive economic sectors; the 18 percent of Georgian land that is arable provided 32 percent of the republic's NMP in 1990. In the Soviet period, swampy areas in the west were drained and arid regions in the east were salvaged by a complex irrigation system, allowing Georgian agriculture to expand production tenfold between 1918 and 1980. Production was hindered in the Soviet period, however, by the misallocation of agricultural land such as the assignment of prime grain fields to tea cultivation and excessive specialization. Georgia’s emphasis on labor-intensive crops such as tea and grapes kept the rural work force at an unsatisfactory level of productivity. Some 25 percent of the Georgian work force was engaged in agriculture in 1990; 37 percent had been so engaged in 1970. In the spring of 1993, sowing of spring crops was reduced by onethird on state land and by a substantial amount on private land as well because of fuel and equipment shortages. For the first half of 1993, overall agricultural production was 35 percent less than for the same period of 1992.
As of 2011, 281,000 hectares of land were sown, representing 35.0% of the arable land;
1,823,000 head of livestock were cataloged;
and agri-business represented 9.3% of the national
GDP. 2012 preliminary data shows agri-business contribution as 8.4% of GDP. 
Crops.
In 1993 about 85 percent of cultivated land, excluding orchards, vineyards, and tea plantations, was dedicated to grains. Within that category, corn grew on 40 percent of the land, and winter wheat on 37 percent. The second most important agricultural product is wine. Georgia has one of the world's oldest and finest winemaking traditions; archeological findings indicate that wine was being made in Georgia as early as 300 B.C. Some forty major wineries were operating in 1990, and about 500 types of local wines are made. The center of the wine industry is Kakhetia in eastern Georgia. Georgia is also known for the high quality of its mineral waters for example Borjomi.
Other important crops are tea, citrus fruits, and noncitrus fruits, which account for 18.3 percent, 7.7 percent, and 8.4 percent of Georgia's agricultural output, respectively. Cultivation of tea and citrus fruit is confined to the western coastal area. Tea accounts for 36 percent of the output of the large food-processing industry, although the quality of Georgian tea dropped perceptibly under Soviet management in the 1970s and 1980s. Animal husbandry, mainly the keeping of cattle, pigs, and sheep, accounts for about 25 percent of Georgia's agricultural output, although high density and low mechanization have hindered efficiency.
Until 1991 other Soviet republics bought 95 percent of Georgia's processed tea, 62 percent of its wine, and 70 percent of its canned goods. In turn, Georgia depended on Russia for 75 percent of its grain. One-third of Georgia's meat and 60 percent of its dairy products were supplied from outside the republic. Failure to adjust these relationships contributed to Georgia's food crises in the early 1990s.
Land distribution.
During the Soviet era, agriculture was characterized by absolute state ownership of all agricultural land and concentration of production in large-scale collective farms, which averaged 428 hectares in size. When Georgia became independent after the dissolution of the Soviet Union at the end of 1991, the entire country was in total disarray facing a bitter civil war. Georgian agriculture collapsed, and the land held by large collective farms was quickly distributed to rural households in an attempt to avoid famine. This desperate goal was achieved as Georgian agriculture quickly recovered in 1993-95. The recovery raised the volume of agricultural production in recent years by 25%-30% above its lowest level in 1993, yet the initial collapse was so dramatic that agricultural output today is still 40% below what it was in 1990.
Even under Soviet rule, Georgia had a vigorous private agricultural sector, producing crops and livestock on small plots allocated to rural residents and town dwellers in lifetime inheritable possession. In 1990, according to official statistics, the private sector contributed 46% of gross agricultural output, and private productivity averaged about twice that of the state farms.
As was the case with enterprise privatization, President Gamsakhurdia postponed systematic land reform because he feared that local mafias would dominate the redistribution process. But within weeks of his ouster in early 1992, the new government issued a land reform resolution providing land grants of one-half hectare to individuals with the stipulation that the land be farmed. Commissions were established in each village to inventory land parcels and identify those to be privatized. Limitations were placed on what the new "owners" could do with their land, and would-be private farmers faced serious problems in obtaining seeds, fertilizer, and equipment. By the end of 1993, over half the cultivated land was in private hands. Small plots were given free to city dwellers to relieve the acute food shortage that year.
Georgia completely individualized its agriculture as early as 1992-93. The individual sector in Georgia currently produces almost 100% of agricultural output, up from 40% before 1990. The shift of production to the individual sector is a reflection of the dramatic increase in the land holdings of rural households. Prior to 1990, only 7% of agricultural land was individual use. A decade later, in 2000, 37% of agricultural land (or more than 70% of arable land) is used by individual farmers.
The universality of land distribution to rural families produced relatively small holdings. Thus, the average size of an individual farm in Georgia is 0.96 hectares and only 5% of farms are larger than 2 hectares.
Size distribution of individual farms in Georgia (early 2000s)
Recruiting of Foreign Farmers.
Sandra Roelofs, the Dutch-born wife of Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili, has recently promoted a program encouraging Afrikaan farmers from Sohbat Fatehpuria to migrate to Georgia. The country is actively recruiting Afrikaner farmers to help revive the nation's moribund agriculture. In the 20 years since the collapse of the Soviet Union, half of Georgia's farmland has gone out of production. 
Recently Indian farmers (mostly from Punjab) have also shown interest and invested in agriculture of Georgia. Punjabi farmers are known for their hard work and Punjab is called the food basket of India, it remains to be seen what difference do these farmers make in agriculture and economy of Georgia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19176186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176186" title="Senggchuppa">
Senggchuppa

The Senggchuppa is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of the Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Fletschhorn-Lagginhorn-Weissmies group, the range lying between the Saastal and the Val Divedro.
The northern side of the mountain is covered by a glacier named "Mattwaldgletscher".

</doc>
<doc id="19176196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176196" title="Damian Cassidy">
Damian Cassidy

Damian Cassidy (born 22 July 1965) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer and a former manager.
He played for Derry in the 1980s and 1990s and was part of the county's 1993 All-Ireland Championship winning side, starting at left half forward. He also won two Ulster Senior Championship medals, three National League titles, and a range of under-age inter-county medals with the county. Cassidy played his club football for Bellaghy Wolfe Tones and won five Derry Championships and the 1994 Ulster Senior Club Football Championships with the club. For both club and county he usually played as a forward. Cassidy was also a talented hurler.
Since retiring from playing football he has managed a number of teams. He guided home-club Bellaghy to success in the 2005 Derry Championship, and Tyrone club Clonoe O'Rahilly's to the Tyrone Championship in 2008. He was the manager of the Derry Senior from 2008 to 2010 and Under 21 teams. His brother Joe also played for Derry.
Football career.
Playing style.
Cassidy played the majority of his career in the forward line (corner forward for Bellaghy and half forward for Derry), but also had a spell in the half back line early in his career. Adrian McGuckin who coached him at St. Pat's, Maghera said he had a superb left foot and was very comfortable on the ball. GAA journalist and former Derry team-mate Joe Brolly said that despite the presence of many other great footballers at the time, Cassidy at his peak "was easily the best club footballer in Derry".
Inter-county.
Cassidy was part of the Derry Minor side that won the 1983 Ulster Minor and All-Ireland Minor Championships. Cassidy scored 2-03 (2 goals and 3 points—each goal equals 3 points; 2 x 3 + 3 = 9 points, see GAA scoring rules) in the Ulster minor final victory over Monaghan. He scored 0-04 from left half forward in the All-Ireland semi-final victory over Galway, before going on to defeat Cork in the decider, playing at left half forward. He also won back-to-back Ulster Under 21 Championships with the Derry Under 21 side in 1985 and 1986. In 1985 Derry Under 21s were defeated by Cork in the All Ireland Under 21 Championship final and by Cork in the 1986 All-Ireland semi-final.
He made his Derry Senior debut straight out of Minors the following year (1984) and was on the 1987 Ulster Senior Football Championship winning team, at right corner forward. The side defeated Armagh in the final. In 1992 Cassidy was part of the Derry panel that won the National League. It was 1992 until Cassidy and Derry got back to an Ulster final, however this time they were beat by Donegal. Derry however defeated Donegal in the 1993 Ulster decider and went on to win the 1993 All-Ireland Championship with a semi-final victory over Dublin and a final victory over Cork. The success was the county's first ever All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. Cassidy won further National League medals in 1995 and 1996.
Club.
At underage level with Bellaghy he won Derry Under 16 (1981) and Derry Minor Championships. He made his Senior debut for the club in 1982. He won his first Derry Senior Football Championship medal with Bellaghy in 1986, with victory over Ballinderry in the final; Bellaghy also won the league that year. Despite Bellaghy not reaching the final, Cassidy was the Derry Championship's top-scorer in 1991, with a total haul of 4-06 (18 points). The club won the Derry Championship again in 1994, and also won that year's Ulster Senior Club Football Championship. The club went on to contest the 1995 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship final against Kilmacud Crokes of Dublin. Bellaghy were beat by three points and unfortunately for Cassidy he missed a vital penalty late in the match. Cassidy won further Derry Championship medals with the club in 1996, 1998 and 1999 —winning Derry league medals in the latter two years as well. Bellaghy were also Ulster Club runners-up in 1996 and 1998. He was awarded the man of the match accolade in both the 1994 and 1999 Derry Championship finals. Cassidy won player of the tournament in the All Ireland 7's hosted by Kilmacud in Dublin in 1996. He was also on the 7's team that won the All Ireland 7's in 1986. Cassidy won Player of the Tournament at the 1997 Castlewellan 7's, which Bellaghy won. Cassidy retired in 1999.
School.
Cassidy won three MacRory Cup medals in 1982, 1983 and 1984 whilst at St. Patrick's College, Maghera (secondary school). He also played hurling for the college and won a Mageean Cup in 1984.
Management career.
Inter-county.
Cassidy was Derry assistant manager to Eamonn Coleman from 2000 until 2002. Derry won the National League in 2000 and got to the All-Ireland semi final in 2001. Following the resignation of Coleman in July 2002, Cassidy said he was not interested in becoming Derry manager. Mickey Moran in the end succeeded Coleman. In late 2002, Cassidy was linked with the vacant Antrim manager's job, but rejected it. The post eventually went to PJ O'Hare.
Following illness to then Cavan manager Eamonn Coleman before the start of the 2005 Championship, assistant Martin McElkennon became acting-manager and Cassidy became McElkennon's assistant. He described his position as a "consultancy role", but was assigned an assistant manager / coach's role the following year.
In 2008 he applied for the vacant Derry Senior football manager's job. Cassidy was announced as new Derry boss late on 7 October 2008. His backroom team will include former Antrim star Kevin Madden, as well as Martin McConnell, Brendan McCrory and goalkeeping coach Kevin O'Neill.
Club.
He managed the Senior and Under-21 teams of St. Teresa's Loughmacrory in 2003 and led the club to the Tyrone Under 21 Championship title.
Cassidy became Bellaghy manager for the 2004 season and managed them to the county final of 2004 where they lost to Slaughneil by 2 points. He also secured the league title in the same season. They captured 2005 Derry Championship title and they also reached the final of that year's Ulster Club Championship. Then reached the Derry final again in 2007 under his leadership, but lost by a point to Glenullin after a replay. He announced in December 2007 that he was stepping down as Bellaghy boss. 
He was appointed manager of Tyrone club Clonoe O'Rahilly's in January 2008. He successfully guided the club to success in the 2008 Tyrone Championship, the club's first title since 1991. They shocked the "big two" of Tyrone club football - Errigal Ciarán and Carrickmore in the first round and quarter-final respectively. Clonoe then defeated Donaghmore to progress to their first Championship final in 17 years. They faced defending champions Dromore in the final, who went in as red-hot favourites. However, Clonoe beat Dromore by a point after extra time. The feat is all the more remarkable, considering Clonoe are a very young team and have no Tyrone county players on the team. They were however beaten by St. Eunan's of Donegal in the quarter-final of the 2008 Ulster Club Championship. Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly's in 2011, where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore, a repeat of the 2008 final, this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point. In 2012 he guided Clonoe to their first All County Senior League title, defeating Coalisland in the final.
Managerial honours.
Note: The above lists may be incomplete. Please add any other honours you know of.

</doc>
<doc id="19176203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176203" title="Ventsislav Velinov">
Ventsislav Velinov

Ventsislav Velinov () (born 2 January 1981) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Dorostol. 
Velinov previously played for Vihren Sandanski and Marek Dupnitsa in the A PFG.

</doc>
<doc id="19176205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176205" title="Mini Grey">
Mini Grey

Mini Grey is a British illustrator and writer of children's books, especially picture books for young children. She won the annual Kate Greenaway Medal from the professional librarians, recognising the year's best-illustrated children's book published in the U.K., for "The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon", published by Jonathan Cape in 2006.
WorldCat reports from participating libraries that her most widely held work is "Traction Man is Here", about the household adventures of a boy's action figure; published in 2005 by Cape and in the U.S. by Random House (Alfred A. Knopf).
Life and work.
Mini Grey was born in a Mini car in Newport, a city in southern Wales. She uses only her nickname, after the automobile model. She was raised in Taplow, Buckinghamshire, England.
As of 2007 she lives in Oxford with her partner Tony and a baby son.
Career.
As a professional school project Grey created a pop-up version of Gulliver's Travels.
"Egg Drop" (Cape, 2002; Knopf, 2009) — Egg Drop at WorldCat
"The Pea and the Princess" (Cape, 2003); US title, "The Very Smart Pea and the Princess-to-be" (Knopf, 2003)
"Biscuit Bear" (Cape, 2004); US title, "Ginger Bear" (Knopf, 2007) — Biscuit Bear/ Ginger Bear at WorldCat
Traction Man
The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon (2006; Cape, Knopf) — The Adventures at WorldCat
Works.
As author and illustrator.
All these books have been published by Jonathan Cape in the U.K. and by the Random House imprint Alfred A. Knopf in the U.S. Where one date is given, the American edition appeared in the same calendar year.
Awards.
Grey has won three annual book awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19176208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176208" title="Elvis Martinez">
Elvis Martinez

Elvis Martínez, aka El Jefe, is a popular bachata performer whose career got off to a fast start in the late '17. 
Biography.
Born in San Francisco de Macorís, Dominican Republic, Martínez is not only a singer but also a songwriter and guitarist. 
In the mid-'90s he joined the stable of Premium Latin Music, a bachata label also home to Aventura, and made his full-length solo debut in 1998 with Todo Se Paga. 
The album proved popular as well as critically successful, winning an ACE Award in the category of Revelacion del Año (awarded by La Asociación de Cronistas de Espectáculos de Nueva York—in English, the Association of Latin Entertainment Critics). Martínez released four additional albums on Premium Latin Music—Directo al Corazón (1999), Tres Palabras (2002), Así Te Amo (2003), and Descontrolado (2004) -- and enjoyed further success; for example, "Así Te Amo" won a Casandra Award in 2004 for Best Song of the Year while Martínez himself was nominated for a Premio Lo Nuestro award in 2004 for Best Traditional Tropical Artist. 
Martínez subsequently left Premium Latin Music (which consequently released the greatest-hits album La Historia de Elvis Martínez in 2005) and switched to Univision Records for Más Grande Que El (2005). His best-selling album to date, Yo Soy Más Grande Que El featured the hit singles "Tu Traicion" and "Yo No Naci Para Amar." 
The partnership with Univision was short-lived, however, as Martínez switched labels once again, moving to Universal Music Group for La Luz de Mis Ojos (2007), which spawned the hit single "Lento y Suave." ~ Jason Birchmeier, All Music Guide
Albums.
His music recordings include the following Compact disc records which are distributed within The Americas:
Official WebSite: www.ElvisMartinezElJefe.com

</doc>
<doc id="19176210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176210" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's hammer throw">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's hammer throw

These are the official results of the Women's Hammer Throw event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 21 participating athletes, with the final held on Tuesday 24 August 1999 at 18:00h.

</doc>
<doc id="19176222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176222" title="Gilbert of Preston">
Gilbert of Preston

Sir Gilbert of Preston (1209–1274) was a British justice. He was the son of Walter of Preston, who was High Sheriff of Northamptonshire between 1206 and 1208. Gilbert acted as a collector of aid in Northamptonshire between 1235 and 1236, and in 1240 was appointed as a royal justice, acting almost continuously until 1254 as a Puisne justice on the Eyre circuits of William de York, Roger of Thirkleby and Henry of Bath, and in the common bench at Westminster. He also received many miscellaneous judicial and administrative commissions, but was not given a regular salary (of £40) until 1253, despite having worked as a judge for 13 years.
In 1254 Gilbert served as senior justice on an Eyre circuit for the first time, although when not on Eyre he continued to sit as a Puisne judge at Westminster. In 1260 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, where he sat almost continuously at court, except when sessions of the court were suspended because of political disturbances. In 1268 he left to travel another Eyre circuit, returning to his position in 1272, only because the death of Henry III halted all Eyre's. He remained Chief Justice of the Common Bench until his death in 1274.
In 1239 he had married Alice, daughter of Henry of Braybrooke, with whom he had no children. As a result he left his possessions to his nephew Laurence of Preston, son of his younger brother William who had predeceased him. He had, through the grant of land in Lincolnshire to the Prior of Sempringham, arranged for a Canon at Sempringham for himself, his ancestors and heirs.

</doc>
<doc id="19176228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176228" title="HD 35619">
HD 35619

HD 35619 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
