<doc id="19375754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375754" title="Craigslist">
Craigslist

Craigslist (styled craigslist) is a classified advertisements website with sections devoted to jobs, housing, personals, for sale, items wanted, services, community, gigs, résumés, and discussion forums.
Craig Newmark began the service in 1995 as an email distribution list to friends, featuring local events in the San Francisco Bay Area, before becoming a web-based service in 1996 and expanding into other classified categories. It started expanding to other U.S. cities in 2000, and currently covers 50 countries. Craigslist has a current market valuation of $2 billion and an estimated revenue of $166M in 2012. It is considered one of the most successful startups of all time by market valuation, growth, revenue and cultural impact. 
History.
Having observed people helping one another in friendly, social, and trusting communal ways on the Internet via the WELL, MindVox and Usenet, and feeling isolated as a relative newcomer to San Francisco, Craigslist founder Craig Newmark decided to create something similar for local events. In early 1995, he began an email distribution list to friends. Most of the early postings were submitted by Newmark and were notices of social events of interest to software and Internet developers living and working in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Soon, word of mouth led to rapid growth. The number of subscribers and postings grew rapidly. There was no moderation and Newmark was surprised when people started using the mailing list for non-event postings. People trying to get technical positions filled found that the list was a good way to reach people with the skills they were looking for. This led to the addition of a category for "jobs". User demand for more categories caused the list of categories to grow. The initial technology encountered some limits, so by majordomo had been installed and the mailing list "Craigslist" resumed operations. Community members started asking for a web interface. Craig registered "craigslist.org", and the website went live in 1996.
By early 1998, Newmark still thought his career was as a software engineer ("hardcore java programmer") and that Craigslist was a cool hobby that was getting him invited to the best parties for geeks and nerds. In the fall of 1998, the name "List Foundation" was introduced and Craigslist started transitioning to the use of this name. In , when Newmark learned of other organizations called "List Foundation", the use of this name was dropped. Craigslist incorporated as a private for-profit company in 1999. Around the time of these events, Newmark realized that the site was growing so fast that he could stop working as a software engineer and work full-time running Craigslist. By , there were nine employees working out of Newmark's apartment in San Francisco.
In January 2000, current CEO Jim Buckmaster joined the company as lead programmer and CTO. Buckmaster contributed the site's multi-city architecture, search engine, discussion forums, flagging system, self-posting process, homepage design, personals categories, and best-of-Craigslist feature. He was promoted to CEO in .
The web site expanded into nine more U.S. cities in 2000, four in 2001 and 2002 each, and 14 in 2003. On August 1, 2004, Craigslist began charging $25 to post job openings on the New York and Los Angeles pages. On the same day, a new section called "Gigs" was added, where low-cost and unpaid jobs and internships can be posted free.
Expansion to more cities.
As of August 9, 2012, over 700 "cities" in 70 countries have Craigslist sites. Some Craigslist sites cover large regions instead of individual metropolitan areas—for example, the U.S. states of Delaware and Wyoming, the Colorado Western Slope, the California Gold Country, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan are among the locations with their own Craigslist sites.
Operations.
The site serves over 20 billion page views per month, putting it in 37th place overall among web sites worldwide and 10th place overall among web sites in the United States (per Alexa.com on , 2011), with over unique monthly visitors in the United States alone (per Compete.com on , 2010). With over new classified advertisements each month, Craigslist is the leading classifieds service in any medium. The site receives over new job listings each month, making it one of the top job boards in the world. The 23 largest U.S. cities listed on the Craigslist home page collectively receive more than 300,000 postings per day just in the "for sale" and "housing" sections as of October 2011. The classified advertisements range from traditional buy/sell ads and community announcements to personal ads.
In 2009, Craigslist operated with a staff of 28 people.
Financials and ownership.
In December 2006, at the UBS Global Media Conference in New York, Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told Wall Street analysts that Craigslist has little interest in maximizing profit, instead it prefers to help users find cars, apartments, jobs, and dates.
Craigslist's main source of revenue is paid job ads in select cities—$75 per ad for the San Francisco Bay Area; $25 per ad for New York City, Los Angeles, San Diego, Boston, Seattle, Washington, D.C., Chicago, Philadelphia, Orange County (California) and Portland, Oregon—and paid broker apartment listings in New York City ($10 per ad).
The company does not formally disclose financial or ownership information. Analysts and commentators have reported varying figures for its annual revenue, ranging from $10 million in 2004, $20 million in 2005, and in 2006 to possibly in 2007.
On August 13, 2004, Newmark announced on his blog that auction giant eBay had purchased a 25% stake in the company from a former employee. Some fans of Craigslist expressed concern that this development would affect the site's longtime non-commercial nature. , there have been no substantive changes to the usefulness or non-advertising nature of the site—no banner ads, charges for a few services provided to businesses.
The company is believed to be owned principally by Newmark, Buckmaster, and eBay (the three board members). eBay owns approximately 25%, and Newmark is believed to own the largest stake.
In April 2008, eBay announced that it was suing Craigslist to "safeguard its four-year financial investment". eBay claimed in that Craigslist executives took actions that "unfairly diluted eBay's economic interest by more than 10%". In response, Craigslist filed a counter-suit against eBay in to "remedy the substantial and ongoing harm to fair competition" that Craigslist claims is constituted by eBay's actions as Craigslist shareholders.
Content policies.
As of 2012, mashup sites such as padmapper.com and housingmaps.com were overlaying Craigslist data with Google Maps and adding their own search filters to improve usability. In June 2012, Craigslist changed its terms of service to disallow the practice. In July 2012, Craigslist filed a lawsuit against padmapper.com.
Site characteristics.
The site is notable for having undergone only minor design changes since its inception; even by 1996 standards, the design is very simple. Since 2001, the site design has remained virtually unchanged and uses only minimal CSS and JavaScript, a design philosophy common in the late 1990s but almost unheard of today for a major website.
Newmark says that Craigslist works because it gives people a voice, a sense of community trust and even intimacy. Other factors he cites are consistency of down-to-earth values, customer service and simplicity. Newmark was approached with an offer for running banner ads on Craigslist, but he decided to decline. In 2002, Craigslist staff posted mock-banner ads throughout the site as an April Fools' Day joke.
Languages.
In March 2008, Spanish, French, Italian, German, and Portuguese became the first non-English languages supported.
Flagging.
Craigslist has a user flagging system to quickly identify illegal and inappropriate postings. Users may flag postings they believe to be in violation of Craigslist guidelines. Flagging does not require account login or registration and can be made anonymously by anyone. Ads sufficiently flagged are subject to automated removal when a certain number of users flag a posting. The number of flaggings required for a posting's removal is variable and remains unknown to all but craigslist.org. Items are flagged for three categories: miscategorized, prohibited, or spam/overpost. Users are given a short description of each category. Flagging also occurs as acts of vandalism by groups of individuals at different ISPs to trigger the automated removal process of postings.
Personals.
Over the years Craigslist has become a very popular online destination for arranging for dates, and sex. The personals section allows for postings that are for "strictly platonic", "dating/romance", and "casual encounters".
The site has been found to be particularly appealing to help connect lesbians, and gay men with one another because of its free and open nature in addition to it being hard to find gay people in one's area for some.
In 2005, San Francisco Craigslist's men seeking men section was attributed to facilitating sexual encounters and was the second most common correlation to syphilis infections. The company has been pressured by San Francisco Department of Public Health officials, leading Jim Buckmaster to state that the site has a very small staff and that the public must police themselves. They have however added links to San Francisco City Clinic and STD forums.
Adult services controversies and closure.
Advertisements for "adult" (previously "erotic") services were initially given special treatment, then closed entirely on , 2010, following a controversy over claims by state attorneys general that the advertisements promoted prostitution.
In 2002, a disclaimer was put on the "men seeking men", "casual encounters", "erotic services", and "rants and raves" boards to ensure that those who clicked on these sections were over the age of 18, but no disclaimer was put on the "men seeking women", "women seeking men" or "women seeking women" boards. As a response to charges of discrimination and negative stereotyping, Buckmaster explained that the company's policy is a response to user feedback requesting the warning on the more sexually explicit sections, including "men seeking men". Today, all of the above listed boards (as well as some others) have a disclaimer.
On May 13, 2009, Craigslist announced that it would close the "erotic services" section, replacing it with an "adult services" section to be reviewed by Craigslist employees. This decision came after allegations by several U.S. states that the erotic services ads were being used for prostitution. Postings to the new category cost $10 and could be renewed for $5.
On September 4, 2010, Craigslist closed the adult services section of its website in the United States. The site initially replaced the adult services page link with the word "censored" in white-on-black text. The site received criticism and complaints from attorneys general that the section's ads were facilitating prostitution and child sex trafficking.
The adult services section link was still active in countries outside of the U.S. Matt Zimmerman, senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said, "Craigslist isn't legally culpable for these posts, but the public pressure has increased and Craigslist is a small company." Brian Carver, attorney and assistant professor at UC Berkeley, said that legal threats could have a chilling effect on online expression. "If you impose liability on Craigslist, YouTube and Facebook for anything their users do, then they're not going to take chances. It would likely result in the takedown of what might otherwise be perfectly legitimate free expression."
On , 2010, the "censored" label and its dead link to adult services were completely removed.
Craigslist announced on September 15, 2010, that it had closed its adult services in the United States for good. However, it defended its right to carry such ads and its efforts to fight prostitution and sex trafficking. Free speech and some sex crime victim advocates criticized the removal of the section, saying that it threatened free speech and that it diminished law enforcement's ability to track criminals. However, the removal was applauded by many state attorneys general and some other groups fighting sex crimes. Craigslist said that there is some indication that those who posted ads in the adult services section are posting elsewhere. Sex ads cost $10 initially and it was estimated they would have brought in $44 million this year had they continued. In the four months following the closure, monthly revenue from sex ads on six other sites (primarily Backpage) increased from $2.1 to $3.1 million, partly due to price increases.
On , 2010, after pressure from Ottawa and several provinces, Craigslist closed 'Erotic Services' and 'Adult Gigs' from its Canadian website, even though prostitution is not itself illegal in Canada.
Criticism.
In July 2005, the "San Francisco Chronicle" criticized Craigslist for allowing ads from dog breeders, and thereby allegedly encouraging the over breeding and irresponsible selling of pit bulls in the Bay Area.
In January 2006, the "San Francisco Bay Guardian" published an editorial criticizing Craigslist for moving into local communities and "threatening to eviscerate" local alternative newspapers. Craigslist has been compared to Walmart, a multinational corporation that some feel crushes small local businesses when they move into towns and offer a huge assortment of goods at lower prices.
L. Gordon Crovitz, writing for "The Wall Street Journal", criticized the company for using lawsuits "to prevent anyone from doing to it what it did to newspapers", contrary to the spirit of the website, which bills itself in a "noncommercial nature, public service mission, and noncorporate culture".
In 2012, Cragslist sued PadMapper, a site that hoped to improve the user interface for browsing housing ads, and 3Taps, a company that helped PadMapper obtain data from Cragslist, in "Craigslist v. 3Taps". This led users to criticize Craigslist for trying to shut down a service that was useful to users.
Nonprofit foundation.
In 2001, the company started the Craigslist Foundation, a § 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that offers free and low cost events and online resources to promote community building at all levels. It accepts charitable donations, and rather than directly funding organizations, it produces "face-to-face events and offers online resources to help grassroots organizations get off the ground and contribute real value to the community".
Since 2004, the Craigslist Foundation has hosted eight annual conferences called Boot Camp, an in-person event that focuses on skills for connecting, motivating and inspiring greater community involvement and impact. Boot Camp has drawn more than 10,000 people since its inception. The latest Boot Camp event was held on June 2, 2011, 8 am–5:30 pm.
The Craigslist Foundation is also the fiscal sponsor for Our Good Works, the organization that manages AllforGood.org, an application that distributes volunteer opportunities across the web and helps people get involved in their communities.
As of summer 2013, the Craigslist Foundation's functions are mostly moved to LikeMinded.org and the CraigsListFoundation.org is no longer updated.

</doc>
<doc id="19375757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375757" title="Jung Jin-Sun">
Jung Jin-Sun

Jung Jin-Sun (Hangul: 정진선, Hanja: 鄭鎭善) (born January 24, 1984) is a South Korean épée fencer.
Jung won gold in team épée at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar. 
Jung participated in the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He was one of the top seeds for the individual épée competition, but lost to eventual silver medalist Fabrice Jeannet of France 15-11 in the quarterfinals
He also participated in the 2012 London Olympics, 4 years later. Despite narrowly losing to eventual silver medalist Bartosz Piasecki of Norway, he captured bronze medal after defeating American fencer Weston Kelsey in the bronze medal match.

</doc>
<doc id="19375758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375758" title="Diana Merriweather Ashby">
Diana Merriweather Ashby

Diana Christine Merriweather Ashby (March 22, 1963 – May 2, 1997) was an American cancer activist and founder of the Melanoma Research Foundation. Diana Ashby died on May 2, 1997. She was married to NASA Astronaut Jeffrey S. Ashby (Captain, USN, Ret.), sister of American painter Allison Lee Merriweather, and great granddaughter of American Painter, Florence Cornish (1899–1983).

</doc>
<doc id="19375760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375760" title="Richard Lloyd Anderson">
Richard Lloyd Anderson

Richard Lloyd Anderson (born 1926) is an emeritus professor of Church history and doctrine at Brigham Young University (BYU). His book "Investigating the Book of Mormon Witnesses" is widely considered the definitive LDS ('Mormon') work on this subject. Anderson is the brother of Karl Ricks Anderson.
Biography.
Anderson was born in Salt Lake City to Lloyd Anderson and his wife Agnes Ricks. His father was an advertising executive with local newspapers. His family moved in later years so he attended high school in Provo, Ogden and Pocatello.
Anderson served in the United States Naval Air Corps during World War II. He was a radio-man because of an overbite that disqualified him from being a pilot. He took a correspondence course from BYU on the New Testament while in the Navy. He also asked LDS missionaries about their teaching methods and went to teaching appointments with them, which was the beginnings of his later standardized gospel-teaching plan.
Anderson became known in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) when he created the "Anderson Plan," one of the earliest organized systems for Mormon missionaries to teach lessons to non-members. This was developed with the encouragement of his mission president, Joel Richards (brother of LeGrand Richards). Anderson developed this plan while serving as a missionary in the church's Northwestern States Mission, from 1946 to 1949. This plan helped his mission be the first to baptize 1,000 converts in a year. By 1951, 11,000 copies of the plan were published and circulated to missions throughout the world, and helped to increase the overall number of converts per missionary. This contributed to the church publishing its own plan in 1952, "A Systematic Program for Teaching the Gospel." After his mission Anderson was consulted by Gordon B. Hinckley as he was developing a standardized missionary teaching plan for the use of all missionaries.
In 1949 Anderson began his college studies at Weber College (now Weber State University) in the Spring. Hugh Nibley and Sidney B. Sperry both specifically wrote to Anderson to urge him to come to BYU. He did so, where he studied Early Christian history and Greek under Nibley and Latin under J. Reuben Clark III and M. Carl Gibson. 
While studying at BYU, Anderson married Carma Rose de Jong (born 1930), daughter of Gerrit de Jong Jr., the founding dean of BYU's College of Fine Arts. Carma's own historical interests led to a Ph.D. in historic clothing, and work for the church's Historical Department and Museum of Church History and Art. For nine years Carma taught an early Mormon clothing class at BYU. She also wrote a book "The Cultural Arts of Nauvoo".
In 1951 not long after his marriage to Carma, Anderson set out to Harvard where he earned a J.D. from Harvard Law School. He also did studies in Greek while at Harvard and was admitted into their program of Ancient History. However his financial situation was looking down so he took the opportunity to go to Ceder City, Utah and teach for the Church Educational System there. After this Anderson earned an M.A. in Greek from BYU while working full-time as a religion instructor there starting in 1955. Anderson left BYU in 1957 to study for his Ph.D. He received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley. He returned to Utah and became a professor at BYU in 1964, teaching church history and doctrine, ancient scripture, and some courses in Greek.
One of the books Anderson wrote was "Joseph Smith's New England Heritage". Anderson has also written many articles on issues relating to early Latter-day Saint history. He was a contributor to both the "Encyclopedia of Mormonism" and the "Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History". 
Anderson not only studied the early history of the LDS Church, he also studied the New Testament and the early history of the Christian Church. Anderson has also written about early Christianity. Among his works on this subject is "Understanding Paul" (Salt Lake City: Deseret Book, 1983). He also wrote an article on crucifixion.
He also has written studies on various spurious accounts of the life of Christ, including an essay that demonstrated how 3 Nephi in the Book of Mormon did not fit the general pattern common to such modern forgeries, lending support to it as an authentic historical record.
In 2006 Anderson was given the Junius F. Wells Award by the Mormon Historic Sites Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19375764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375764" title="Business transaction management">
Business transaction management

Business transaction management (BTM), also known as business transaction monitoring, application transaction profiling or user defined transaction profiling, is the practice of managing information technology (IT) from a business transaction perspective. It provides a tool for tracking the flow of transactions across IT infrastructure, in addition to detection, alerting, and correction of unexpected changes in business or technical conditions. BTM provides visibility into the flow of transactions across infrastructure tiers, including a dynamic mapping of the application topology.
Using BTM, application support teams are able to search for transactions based on message context and content – for instance, time of arrival or message type – providing a way to isolate causes for common issues such as application exceptions, stalled transactions, and lower-level issues such as incorrect data values.
The ultimate goal of BTM is to improve service quality for users conducting business transactions while improving the effectiveness of the IT applications and infrastructure across which those transactions execute. The main benefit of BTM is its capacity to identify precisely where transactions are delayed within the IT infrastructure. BTM also aims to provide proactive problem prevention and the generation of business service intelligence for optimization of resource provisioning and virtualization.
A number of factors have led to the demand for the development of BTM software:
Applications.
BTM solutions capture all of the transaction instances in the production environment and as such can be used for monitoring as well as for analysis and planning. Some applications include:
Transaction discovery methods.
BTM systems track each of the hops in the transaction path using a variety of data collection methods including OS-level sockets, network packet sniffing, log parsing, agent-based middleware protocol sniffing, and others.
Relationship to application performance management.
BTM is sometimes categorized as a form of application performance management (APM) or monitoring. It works alongside other IT monitoring systems including End-User Experience Monitoring, Synthetic Transaction Monitoring, Deep-Dive Monitoring and Business Activity Monitoring (BAM) solutions. According to Gartner, BTM and deep dive monitoring are “fundamentally distinct and their associated processes are typically carried out by different communities with different skill sets. The buyer should still implement multiple products, even if it means greater architectural complexity and apparent functional overlap.” As the technologies mature APM is now being viewed as a complete solution set. Maximum productivity can be achieved more efficiently through event correlation, system automation and predictive analysis which is now all part of APM.
Relationship to virtualization and cloud computing.
BTM dynamically maps the execution of a user transaction as it traverses the data center. In both virtualized and cloud environments, the relationship between the application and infrastructure is to some degree dynamically allocated or defined. BTM discovers the infrastructure currently executing each transaction instance for purposes of problem identification, resolution, and infrastructure tuning. In public and hybrid cloud architectures, BTM has the ability to profile transactions from the datacenter, to the cloud provider, and back.

</doc>
<doc id="19375784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375784" title="André du Pisani">
André du Pisani

André du Pisani (born 15 January 1949 in Windhoek) is a Namibian political scientist. Du Pisani has been a professor at the University of Namibia since 1998. Pisani is a Namibian academic, writer, poet and artist with 40 years of teaching and research experience at Tertiary Education level. He has visited more than 70 countries and has published widely in his areas of academic interest. Pisani has managed the Southern African Defence and Security Management Network ( SADSEM) (Namibia) for the past decade and is the country coordinator of the Volkswagen Foundation multinational research project on reconciliation, post-conflict reconstruction and peace in Southern Africa for the past 3 years. He serves on the editorial board of the Journal of Namibian Studies and is a trustee of the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR), the Tulipamwe Arts Trust and the John Maufangeyo Art Centre, and a member of the Executive Committee of the National Council for Higher Education (NCHE). 
Education.
The Windhoek native earned his bachelor's degree from Stellenbosch University in South Africa in 1971 and an honours in politics from Stellenbosch in 1972. He later earned a master's degree in politics from Stellenbosch in 1975. From 1975-76, du Pisani was a research student at the London School of Economics. In 1988, he earned his Ph.D. in politics from the University of Cape Town. From 1995-96, he did post-doctoral research through the Global Security Fellows Initiative at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19375786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375786" title="Yang Cheng">
Yang Cheng

Yang Cheng (; born 11 October 1985 in Tianjin) is a Chinese football goalkeeper who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Originally starting his career with the Tianjin Locomotive youth team Yang Cheng would move to the Shandong Luneng youth team in 2000 where he would graduate through the various youth squads. He would eventually graduate to the senior team and for several seasons was used as an understudy and would later make his league debut on April 2, 2005 against Inter Shanghai in a 2-1 win. Despite being a promising young player head coach Ljubiša Tumbaković surprised many when he persisted in making Yang Cheng his first choice goalkeeper throughout the season and while Shandong finished the season in third Li Leilei was brought into the squad at the beginning of the 2006 league season to add more experience towards the team.
International career.
Under head coach Eckhard Krautzun Yang Cheng would be the first choice goalkeeper for the U-20 Chinese football team in the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship held in the Netherlands. While he would aid China to the knock out stages of the competition Yang Cheng would find himself at fault for China's defeat to Germany when he conceded a penalty that saw Germany win 3-2.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="19375790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375790" title="Lewis Sayre">
Lewis Sayre

Lewis Albert Sayre (February 29, 1820 – September 21, 1900) was a leading American orthopedic surgeon of the 19th century. He performed the first operation to cure the hip-joint ankylosis (stiffness) and introduced the method of suspending the patient followed by wrapping the body to correct spine distortions. He was also noted for improving the sanitary conditions in New York and stopping the spread of cholera from the incoming ships. Sayre was a principal founder of the Bellevue Hospital Medical College and of the American Medical Association, to which he was elected vice-president in 1866 and president in 1880.
Biography.
Sayre was born in Bottle Hill (now Madison), in Morris County, New Jersey in a prosperous farmer family. His father died when Lewis was only 10, and the boy was raised by his uncle, a banker in Lexington, Kentucky. Sayre graduated from the Transylvania University in Lexington in 1839 and then studied medicine at the College of Physicians and Surgeons (now part of Columbia University). He graduated in 1842-3 and was at once hired as a surgeon by the College of Physicians and Surgeons. In 1853 he was appointed surgeon to the Bellevue Hospital, and in 1859 surgeon to the Charity Hospital on Blackwells Island. Of the latter institution he became consulting surgeon in 1873.
Sayre was mainly specializing in injuries and defects in bones and joints. In 1861 he was foremost among the organizers of the Bellevue Hospital Medical College and in the same year became professor of orthopedic surgery, fractures and dislocations at the newly established medical school of the Hospital. He afterward became also professor of clinical surgery, and continued to hold both of those chairs down to 1898, when the college became united with the New York University and he was made emeritus professor of orthopedic and clinical surgery in the consolidated institution. He was among the founders of the New York Academy of Medicine, the American Medical Association, and the New York Pathological Society. He was elected vice-president of the American Medical Association in 1866, and its president in 1880. He also helped establish its journal in 1882. 
In parallel, between 1860 and 1866, Sayre acted as the health officer for New York City, and in that capacity was well respected by the community. In particular, he improved sanitary conditions in New York and secured compulsory vaccinations. He also understood the mechanisms by which cholera was brought by sailors from the incoming ships and stopped it spreading to the city by implementing quarantine. His methods were not widely accepted and for a long time New York was the only harbor to enforce quarantine regulations. 
In 1854, Sayre performed his first operation for the cure of hip ankylosis, which involved removal of part of the femur (at its head) to facilitate movements of the hindered joint. It was the first successful operation of the kind in the US. In 1871 he made a tour in Europe, and by invitation gave demonstrations of his method before numerous medical societies. Five years later he was a delegate to the International Medical Congress at Philadelphia, and performed before that body an operation for hip disease. Joseph Lister, the founder of antiseptic surgery, was quoted saying, "I feel that this demonstration would of itself have been a sufficient reward for my voyage across the Atlantic." The next year, 1877, he was sent by the American Medical Association to the meeting of the British Medical Association at Manchester, where he demonstrated his new treatment of diseases and deformities of the spine by suspension and the application of plaster-of-Paris bandages, which demonstrations were then repeated, by request, in the principal hospitals throughout England.
Dr. Sayre has been a voluminous writer, chiefly on topics related to surgery. He has invented many instruments for use in operations and for the relief of deformities. Sayre was consulting surgeon to St. Elizabeth's Hospital, the Northwestern Dispensary, and the Home for Incurables in New York. He was an honorary member of several leading American and European societies. In recognition for his work, the King of Sweden made him a Knight of the Order of Vasa in 1872.
Criticism.
While mostly hailed, the methods introduced by Sayre were also criticized by colleagues. The hip-joint operation introduced by Sayre proved to be technically challenging. In the first few decades after its introduction, about half of the patients died after the operation and only part of those who recovered regained flexibility. Therefore, it was often avoided in favor of non-surgical treatment. Some doctors (e.g. Newton Melman Shaffer) criticized the advocated by Sayre use of plaster of Paris and found it unsuitable for treating the Pott disease.
Family.
In 1849, Sayre married Eliza Ann Hall (January 19, 1822 – January 7, 1894), a painter from a family of artists. They had three sons and a daughter. All three sons became doctors, working with their father, but two of them died in their middle age: Charles Henry Hall Sayre (1850–1880) from a fall and Lewis Hall Sayre (1851–1890) from a heart disease. The daughter, Mary Jane, never married and lived with the family, helping her father with his publications. Reginald Hall Sayre (October 15, 1859 – May 29, 1929) became a prominent orthopedic surgeon and Olympic sport shooter.

</doc>
<doc id="19375794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375794" title="Archie Baird">
Archie Baird

Archie Baird (8 May 1919 – 3 November 2009) was a Scottish association football player who played for Aberdeen and St. Johnstone. He was also capped once by the Scotland national football team. Baird was born in Rutherglen.
Baird signed for Aberdeen before the Second World War, but the war started before he had made the first team. He joined the British Army, but was captured and held as a prisoner of war. He escaped and lived with an Italian family as their "son". In 1989 he published an autobiography, "Family of Four", which described these experiences.
Baird returned to Aberdeen before the end of the war. His good form in this period earned him selection for Scotland in a friendly match against Belgium in early 1946. Baird was one of nine Scotland players making their international debut in the match, with only Jimmy Delaney having significant experience. Of those nine debutants, five players did not make another international appearance, including Baird.
Baird helped Aberdeen win the Southern League Cup (a forerunner of the Scottish League Cup) in 1946 and the 1947 Scottish Cup, but his appearances were restricted by injuries. In all he made 104 league appearances for Aberdeen, scoring 26 goals in those matches. He was transferred in 1953 to St. Johnstone, where he played for three seasons before retiring in 1956.
After retiring as a player, Baird worked as a teacher and a sports journalist.
Baird celebrated his 90th birthday in May 2009, and died quietly in his sleep on 3 November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19375797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375797" title="Danieska Carrión">
Danieska Carrión

Danieska Carrión (born June 9, 1980) is a female judoka from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the women's extra lightweight division (– 48 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She twice claimed the bronze medal at the World Judo Championships: in 2001 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19375801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375801" title="Like the Wind">
Like the Wind

"Like the Wind" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by Vanessa Chinitor. This was only the second time that Belgium had entered a song entirely in English, the first being Dream Express' "A Million in One, Two, Three" back in 1977. 
The song was performed second on the night (following Lithuania's Aistė with Strazdas and preceding Spain's Lydia with "No quiero escuchar"). At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.
The song features Chinitor explaining that she needs to be "like the wind", in the sense that it is eternal and doesn't care about what happens to be in its way. For her Eurovision appearance, Vanessa wore a red dress which left her shoulders bare, whilst her female backing singers (including 1981 Dutch representative Linda Williams) appeared in black. She was also accompanied by a man in a grey suit, who, Terry Wogan commented, appeared to be playing a "Mongolian nose flute" (it was actually an ocarina).
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 2000 Contest by Nathalie Sorce with "Envie de vivre".

</doc>
<doc id="19375807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375807" title="Hariharpur, Nepal">
Hariharpur, Nepal

Hariharpur, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19375808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375808" title="Westwood Cemetery">
Westwood Cemetery

Westwood Cemetery can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19375810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375810" title="Caspar Hennenberger">
Caspar Hennenberger

Caspar Hennenberger (also Kaspar, Henneberger, Hennenberg, or Henneberg) (1529 – 29 February 1600) was a German Lutheran pastor, historian and cartographer.
Hennenberger was born in a Franconian place given as Erlich (Erlichhausen, or Ehrlichen in Thüringen ) and started to study Lutheran divinity at the University of Königsberg in 1550. In 1554 he began to work at the congregation of Georgenau and in Domnau. Probably in 1561 he moved to Mühlhausen, where he worked as a Lutheran Pastor for the next 29 years.
With the patronage of Duke Albert of Prussia, and support by Prussian mathematicians like Nicolaus Neodomus, Hennenberger published the first detailed map of Prussia in 1576, the book ""Kurze und wahrhaftige Beschreibung des Landes zu Preussen"" (short and truthful description of the land Prussia) in 1584 and ""Erklärung der preußischen größeren Landtafeln oder Mappen"" (explanation of the larger Prussian maps) in 1594.
In 1590 Hennenberger became the Pastor of the Large Hospital at Königsberg-Löbenicht, where he died in 1600. He was buried in the Hospital's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19375814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375814" title="Odbrana">
Odbrana

Odbrana may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19375824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375824" title="The Happy Isles of Oceania">
The Happy Isles of Oceania

The Happy Isles of Oceania is a travel book written by writer Paul Theroux and published in 1992. It is an account of a trip taken through the Pacific Islands shortly after the break-up of his first marriage. Starting in New Zealand, he travels to Papua New Guinea and then follows the clusters of islands throughout the Pacific Ocean, passing through Easter Island and finishing his trip in Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="19375825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375825" title="Henry William Massingham">
Henry William Massingham

Henry William Massingham (25 May 1860 - 27 August 1924) was an English journalist, editor of "The Nation" from 1907 to 1923. In his time it was considered the leading British Radical weekly.
Life.
He became editor of London paper "The Star" in 1890, though being replaced by Ernest Parke in 1891. In 1888 as deputy editor to T. P. O'Connor he had given George Bernard Shaw his break in journalism, appointing him deputy drama critic to Belfort Bax.
He edited the "Daily Chronicle" 1897-9, but in November 1899 was forced out because his editorial line on the Second Boer War was hostile to the government.
His departure from "The Nation" was a matter of party politics: he had broken from the Liberals under David Lloyd George, in favour of the Labour Party. A change of ownership was putting control in the hands of John Maynard Keynes, a Liberal. Massingham during the short remainder of his life was a columnist, in the "Christian Science Monitor" and "The Spectator".
Family.
Massingham married two sisters, Emma Jane Snowdon by whom he had his family. After her death he married her sister Ellen Snowdon. They were two of the daughters of Henry Snowdon of St. Leonards Priory in Norwich.
Massingham was also the father of Dr. Richard Massingham who became well known for his direction of public information films at about the time of World War II. The writer Harold J. Massingham was another son, and the playwright and actress Dorothy Massingham was his daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19375839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375839" title="Augustus Nuwagaba">
Augustus Nuwagaba

Augustus Nuwagaba PhD is Ugandan Social Worker and academic. Currently, he serves as an Associate Professor of Social Works/Population and Poverty in the "Department of Social Work & Social Administration", at Makerere University, the oldest university in Uganda. Dr. Augustus Nuwagaba also works as the Managing Consultant at REEV Consult International Limited, a private consultancy firm, incorporated in Uganda, with headquarters at Wandegeya, a northern township, within the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.
Background.
He was born in 1964 in Kabale District, Western Uganda.
BSWASA( Makerere University)
MSc. Population and Developmemt(LSE)
Education.
He attended "Kigezi High School" from 1979 to 1985, serving as "Head Prefect", during his stay. In 1986 he entered Makerere University, graduating in 1989 with the degree of BSWSA( Makerere) Later he graduated from the London School of Economics with the degree of Master of Science in Population and Development (MSc). From there, he returned to Makerere University and pursued studies leading to the award of the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (PhD). His field of specialization for his doctorate degree was "Poverty Eradication".
Work experiences.
Augustus Nuwagaba has been a member of the teaching staff at Makerere University, since he returned from his Master's degree studies in London in the early 2000s (decade). He serves as the Chairperson of "Makerere University Academic Staff Association (MUASA)".
He aslso serves as the Managing Consultant at REEV Consult International Limited, a private consultancy firm, incorporated in Uganda in 2000. REEV Consult offeres consultancy services in the areas of impact assessments, planning, social policy analysis, management services and institutional development services. The overall objective of the company is to achieve capacity development and poverty reduction in the geographical areas that they serve. Over the years, REEV Consult has provided consultancy services to International organizations imcluding the World Bank, DFID, UNDP, UNFPA, DANIDA; USAID, the Government of Uganda, community-based organisations and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs).
Personal details.
Dr. Augustus Nuwagaba is married to Lillian Nuwagaba since 1997. Together they are the parents of three (3) children. He is of the Christian faith.

</doc>
<doc id="19375840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375840" title="Paterwa">
Paterwa

Paterwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19375858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375858" title="Limb restraint">
Limb restraint

Limb restraints are physical restraints that are applied to a person's arms or legs. The application of limb restraints on both arms and legs at once is sometimes known as a four-point restraint. 
As a medical restraint, limb restraints are soft, padded cuffs which are applied to a patient to prevent the patient from causing harm to him/herself or to others. The device consists of cuffs which are wrapped around the patient's wrists or ankles, and straps that are attached to the frame of their bed or chair.
Limb restraints are often used on a combative or disoriented patient who is using his/her arms or legs to strike at staff or others, to pull important medical apparatus, such as an IV tube or catheter, out of their body, or to otherwise interfere with their care. Arm restraints also become necessary when a patient must lie on his/her back at all times.
Patients who may come in need of limb restraints include those who have suffered a head injury, those recovering from seizures (usually multiple ones), have been under anesthesia for a long period of time, or those suffering from mental illness, dementia, or side effects from their treatment.
Four-point restraints heavily restrict the movement of a patient, and may render the patient helpless when s/he needs to move in an emergency. Many facilities will hire a companion to watch a patient who is placed under four-point restraint.
Most patients who find themselves restrained naturally think they can free themselves by pulling hard at the restraints. But the restraints are made out of plastic mesh, which cannot be broken by being pulled with human strength. Other patients attempt to unfasten the restraints around the wrist, but find they cannot reach the fastener unless they have abnormally flexible joints. Some do manage to slip their hands through the cuff, though competent workers prevent this from happening.
The easiest way to free oneself from restraints is to reach with one hand to the side of the bed, which is possible. There, the restraint is tied and can be easily untied. After freeing one arm, it is easy to use it to free the other. The patients who seem to know this the most are those who have previously worked in acute health care settings.
Types of limb restraints.
Limb restraints can be fabric, leather or metal. The most commonly used type of limb restraints are fabric restraints. If fabric restraints are inadequate to restrain a patient, leather or metal restraints can be used. In most places, legal restrictions apply to the use of restraints in clinical settings.
Leather restraints.
Leather restraints are used for strong patients for whom soft restraints fail to prevent escape. They can be applied around the waist, or to individual limbs.
All restraints require a physician's order to be applied. While fabric restraints can be applied by a nurse temporarily while awaiting for a physician's order in an acute care setting, leather restraints can only be applied if pre-authorized by a physician.
Metal restraints.
Metal restraints are usually made of stainless steel. They are used for patients for whom fabric and leather restraints fail to prevent escape. But legally, they can only be used with a court order and with a member of law enforcement present within 500 feet without the use of an elevator or more than one flight of steps up or two down.
Metal restraints are only permitted to be used on patients who are in legal custody or whose behavior in the health care setting is of a criminal nature (e. g. assaulting or making verbal threats of assault toward health care worker). Most jurisdictions have judges on call 24 hours who can issue court orders promptly when necessary.
Other uses.
Limb restraints are a sexual fetish for some people, and are used in some BDSM activities, such as in Spreadeagle bondage .

</doc>
<doc id="19375863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375863" title="Wang Shouxin">
Wang Shouxin

Wang Shouxin(王守信) - a middle-level cadre of the Chinese Communist Party (female) who became known for the biggest corruption scandal of PRC ever known as of 1979.
Working in Heilongjiang province, she embezzled at least 536 000 yuan of state property. Her case was investigated by Liu Binyan (刘宾雁) and published in an expose article titled "People or Monsters "(《人妖之间》), published in "People's Literature" in September 1979.
A series of photos of the execution of Wang Shouxin accompany an account of the case in The Chinese Century: A Photographic History of the Last Hundred Years.)

</doc>
<doc id="19375882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375882" title="Ratnapuri">
Ratnapuri

Ratnapuri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19375886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375886" title="2008–09 WHL season">
2008–09 WHL season

The 2008–09 WHL season was the 43rd season of the Western Hockey League (WHL). The regular season began on September 18, 2008, and ended on March 15, 2009. The WHL Playoffs commenced on March 20, 2009, and the 2008 ADT Canada Russia Challenge series, featuring "Team WHL" versus the "Russian Selects", took place from November 26–27, 2008. The Kelowna Rockets won the Ed Chynoweth Cup as WHL champions.
WHL Commissioner, Ron Robison, dedicated the 2008–09 season to Ed Chynoweth.
2008–09: Ed Chynoweth's season.
The Commissioner of the Western Hockey League, Ron Robison, dedicated the 2008–09 season to Ed Chynoweth, who died on April 22, 2008. His death occurred just over a year after the WHL Championship trophy was changed in his honour. Ed Chynoweth was the principle builder of Major Junior hockey in Canada as President of the WHL and CHL over the past four decades. Throughout the entire 2008–09 season, the helmets of all the players and officials will display an "EC" decal, representing Ed’s initials.
Regular season.
The Western Hockey League opened its 43rd regular season on September 18, 2008 in Cranbrook, British Columbia between defending Memorial Cup Champions, Spokane Chiefs and the Kootenay Ice. This season, the WHL is planning to have 30 of its regular season games broadcast on Shaw TV, as well as complete coverage of the 2009 WHL Playoffs. The broadcast schedule begun on September 18 with a special half-hour "preview show" followed by the 2008–09 WHL season opener.
The 2008–09 WHL season will also be highlighted with the Canada Russia Challenge, an annual CHL showcase event. The 2008 ADT Canada Russia Challenge, featured a two game series between "Team WHL" versus the "Russian Selects", on November 26, 2008 in Swift Current, Saskatchewan, and the second game took place on November 27, 2008 in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.
Standings.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts. = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltending leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; SOL = Shootout Losses; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average; Sv% = Save percentage "
Players.
2008 NHL Entry Draft.
In total, 37 WHL players were selected at the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. This was more than any other hockey league in the world.
Canada Russia Challenge.
The ADT Canada Russia Challenge is a six game series featuring four teams: three from the Canadian Hockey League (CHL) versus Russia's National Junior hockey team. Within the Canadian Hockey League umbrella, one team from each of its three leagues — the Ontario Hockey League, Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, and Western Hockey League — compete in two games against the Russian junior team.
The 2008 ADT Canada Russia Challenge was held in six cities across Canada, with two cities for each league within the Canadian Hockey League. The series begun on November 17, 2008, and concluded on November 27, 2008. Both Western Hockey League games were held in the province of Saskatchewan. Former Prince Albert Raider forward Dan Hodgson was Honorary Captain for the final game in the series, held in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan on November 27, 2008.
All six games were televised nationwide on Rogers Sportsnet, along with RDS broadcasting both games from the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
Results.
In the first game of the two part series between Team QMJHL and the Russian Selects, Team QMJHL scored five goals en route to a 5–3 win in front of 4,378 fans at Centre 200 in Sydney, Nova Scotia. Kmitri Kugryshev of the Russian Selects and goaltender Olivier Roy of Team QMJHL, were named the ADT Players of the Game for their respective teams. The Russian Selects evened the ADT Canada Russia Challenge, winning the second game after having registered four goals in a 4–3 victory in front of a sellout crowd of 6,451 assembled at Harbour Station in Saint John, New Brunswick.
Memorial Cup.
The 91st MasterCard Memorial Cup was held in Rimouski, Quebec.
WHL awards.
All-Star Teams.
Eastern Conference.
† "Unanimous selection"

</doc>
<doc id="19375887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375887" title="Mark Cairns">
Mark Cairns

Mark Cairns may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19375893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375893" title="Sapahi">
Sapahi

Sapahi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19375908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375908" title="Newport Civil Service F.C.">
Newport Civil Service F.C.

Newport Civil Service F.C. is a football club based in the Bettws area of the City of Newport, South Wales. The team currently play in the Welsh Football League Division Three.
History.
Newport Civil Service were founded in 1963. Initially they worked their way through the Newport and District League system before achieving Gwent County League status. They made an impact at that level in the 1980s, winning Division 3 in 1987–88 and Division 2 the following season. In Civil's first season in Division 1 (1989–90) they swept to 2nd in the League and captured the Gwent Challenge Cup for the first time. After coming 3rd in the 1990–91 season they spent several years in mid-table,(though winning the Gwent Amateur Cup in 1995) and even ended in last position in the 1996–97 season, escaping relegation due to Chepstow Town's promotion to the Welsh League. This escape must have come as a warning, for Civil got things together again in the 1997–98 season to finish 4th.
In the 1998–99 season Civil were on for the treble, until disaster struck with the loss of 9 points for unknowingly fielding a player suspended in Sunday Football. They then lost Gwent Amateur Cup Final to local rivals Newport Corinthians and at the end only had the Gwent Challenge Cup to show for a season that promised so much – Civil attaining a 1–0 win over Pill, another Newport side. In the next couples of seasons Civil finished mid-table.
In the 2001–02 season Civil Service struggled for quality players all year round which ended in relegation to the Gwent County Second Division. With a new Manager in place they finished 4th in their first season in the Second Division then 3rd in theseasons 2003–04 and 2004–05, just missing promotion on the last few matches.
Things Changed once again for Civil when in the 2005–06 Season Civil finished in 2nd position to Monmouth Town, with both teams being promoted.
Once again Civil's management team changed for the new season in the first Division but they won the first Division. However, they failed to be promoted to the Welsh league due to the Civil Service Sports club being taken over by Play football(Football complex). Hence Monmouth Town, who had finished second behind Civil were promoted to the Welsh League.
Civil finally attained promotion to the Welsh Football League in the 2007–08 season. Newport Civil Service had a fantastic season, and were unbeaten for nearly a whole season, although local Malpas Rivals Albion Rovers beat them first game of the season, but it was Cwmffrwdoer Sports who put a stop to the unbeaten run. Civil applied again to be promoted to Welsh league only to be rejected twice by the Welsh League. After a lot more hard work Civil applied one last time and were accepted.
Recent history.
On Tuesday The 7 April 2009, Newport Civil Service faced cross-city rivals, , in the Gwent FA Senior Cup Semi Final. The task at hand was great enough for the Civil, and they also managed to attract an attendance of 263 to the game at Shannon Close, which is the club's highest-ever attendance. Daniel Bailey was unlucky for the Civil when his shot cannoned off the bar as County keeper Keiron Blackburn slipped, but seconds later Blackburn rushed from his area but missed the ball and Bailey was able to cross to present a simple chance for Mark Millinship to score the only goal of the game in the 44th minute. Newport Civil Service controlled the game, although County side gave them a few scares. Civil adapted better to the boggy surface as they made sure that every tackle counted. Newport Civil Service took joy in victory and marched on towards their first-ever Gwent FA Senior Cup Final.
Recently, after a dismal year in the league and cup, Civil Service were granted the opportunity to represent the United Kingdom at the London 2012 Olympics due to them being easily the best team in the UK.
They played a warm up game against a strong Bayern Munich team featuring stars such as : Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and Toni Kroos.
The game started at a fast pace and Bayern munich were instantly put under pressure due to Civils quick passing tactics and Daniel Bonds dexterity in and out of the box. It wasn't long before the Civil went ahead thanks to a superb solo effort from the team star Daniel Bond, he gathered the ball in his own box and quickly strides forward, he took it past Kroos and then nut-megged Van Buyten before getting a lucky ladies number on the sidelines and setting himself up for a bicycle kick which Neuer had no chance of reaching. The game carried on at the same pace but Civil were unable to capitalize on having 100% possession, the game ended 1-0.
After the game a few of the Bayern Munich players went to the garage for a pack of quarter backs, this is when Ribery noticed the shut down Merry Miller. He instantly felt an attraction to the beautiful establishment and took over as the new land lord putting his football career behind him. he still resides there to this day with his 16 year old prostitute wife. Due to him seeing the potential of the place and the opportunity to re-open Dinos which boasted the best kebab in Bettws he now plans to buy the Nightingale and convert it to an escort agency. The Civil recently celebrated the signing of Jamaican football icon Josh Griffiths on a free transfer from WeDon'tPlayWhiteMen FC in his native Kingston. When asked about signing for the Newport side he answered "I am by far the best player in the set up and the hardest because you know, I'm black, its a great signing for the civil and I cant wait to play with the boys in the shower." it is said that the civil celebrated the signing of the Jamaican international by cooking rice and peas and chicken and dumpling and yam. He also smells like a rugby players jock strap and has held the World Record for most flies on a human face and darkest human simultaneously recording a 9.9 on the WOG scale. 

</doc>
<doc id="19375914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375914" title="Oscar Bony">
Oscar Bony

Oscar Bony (Argentina 1941-2002) was an avant-garde artist known for his innovative and daring work. Born in Posadas, in the northern province of Misiones, he trained at Buenos Aires's prestigious Instituto Torcuato di Tella in the 1960s. Bony moved to Milan after Argentina's military coup in 1976, returning to Argentina only after the end of the dictatorship, in 1988. His work ranged from painting to live installations to video, finally focusing primarily on photography towards the end of his life.
His most famous work is "La familia obrera" ("Blue-collar family", 1968), an installation which consisted of an actual working-class family seated on a pedestal. Considered subversive, it was closed down by the police. The work was recreated in a 2004 exhibit at the Houston Museum of Modern Art.
Bony's work was the subject of a retrospective, "Oscar Bony: el Mago," at the Museo de Arte Latinoamericano de Buenos Aires, from November 2007 to February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19375925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375925" title="Andrija Gerić">
Andrija Gerić

Andrija Gerić ( ; born January 24, 1977 in Novi Sad, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian volleyball player (middle blocker, 203 cm). He started playing volleyball in OK Vojvodina club. He plays for Fenerbahçe Istanbul from Turkey. He signed two years contract on 6 September 2010.
He played in the national team of FR Yugoslavia for the first time 7 July 1995 in Greece (Greece-Yugoslavia 0-3). In 2000 in Sydney the Yugoslav national team (members of which were also Vladimir Grbić, Nikola Grbić, Goran Vujević, Ivan Miljković) won the Olympic gold medal. Both in the club and in the national team he wears number 12.
He also played for OK Vojvodina, Bossini Montichiari‚ Lube Banca Marche Macerata‚ Icom Latina from Italy and Panathinaikos VC from Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19375927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375927" title="Namibia Agricultural Union">
Namibia Agricultural Union

The Namibia Agricultural Union is a union of farmers in Namibia which represents commercial or non-subsistence farmers. The leader of the NAU since 2004 is Raimar von Hase who replaced Jan de Wet. and it is part of the International Federation of Agricultural Producers, a global organization which advocates for farmers.
Paul Smit, a farmer from Otjozondjupa Region, played a prominent role in the Union from 1987-1997, holding the presidency of the Union from 1993-1997. He has since entered politics and, while officially "apolitical", serves as the Deputy Minister of Agriculture in the SWAPO government.

</doc>
<doc id="19375941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375941" title="Silvio Martínez">
Silvio Martínez

Silvio Ramón Martínez Cabrera is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Martínez pitched all or part of five seasons in the majors, from until , for the Chicago White Sox and St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19375947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375947" title="Triumph Thruxton 900">
Triumph Thruxton 900

The Triumph Thruxton 900 is a British motorcycle made by Triumph Motorcycles. Launched in 2004, it was named after Thruxton racing circuit where Triumph won the first three places in the Thruxton 500 mile endurance race in 1969, establishing the "café racer" era where standard production motorcycles were modified to improve racing performance. 
Development.
Triumph's designers had developed the successful Triumph Bonneville, adding clip-on handlebars and rear set controls, with a small fly-screen, a cowl for the rear seat and 'Megaphone' silencers. Instruments were faced in white and a chequered stripe completed the "café racer" look. Beginning in 2007 a new solid colour stripe was used, featuring a broad centre stripe flanked by two thin stripes.
The engine was also upgraded with new cams and pistons increased by 90 mm, taking capacity to 865 cc and power up to . 
Unlike the original Thruxton the new version is based on, which boasted top speeds over , the new Thruxton tops out at .
The frame is a tubular steel cradle with a twin-sided swingarm and traditional spoked wheels, 36-spoke (18 x 2.5 inch) front and 40-spoke (17 x 3.5 inch) rear. Front suspension has 41 mm forks with adjustable pre-loading and rear has chrome spring twin shock absorbers with adjustable pre-load. Front brakes are a single 320 mm floating disc and rear a smaller 255 mm disc, both with twin piston callipers.
Triumph Thruxton Cup Challenge.
In 2005, Triumph Motorcycles (America) Ltd. and the American Historic Racing Motorcycle Association (AHRMA) developed the Triumph Thruxton Cup Challenge at Pueblo Motorsports Park in Colorado as a “spec” class race limited to the Triumph Thruxton 900. Ted “Cannonball” Cobb, won the inaugural cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19375959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375959" title="Emory University Orthopaedics and Spine Hospital">
Emory University Orthopaedics and Spine Hospital

The Emory University Orthopaedics & Spine Hospital is the newest addition to the Emory Healthcare system. The Hospital is situated in a six-story building at the intersection of I-285 and Lawrenceville Highway in Tucker, Georgia, and is staffed by full-time Emory physicians. The hospital, which does not have an emergency room, specializes in inpatient orthopedics and spine operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19375963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375963" title="Andrew E. Unsworth">
Andrew E. Unsworth

Andrew E. Unsworth has been an organist for the Mormon Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, including the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, since 2007.
Unsworth is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He served a mission in the church's England London Mission. He holds a degree in organ performance and pedagogy from Brigham Young University. He then earned master's and doctorate degrees from Duke University. From 2001 to 2006 he was the organist for the Cathedral of the Madeline in Salt Lake City.
Unsworth is married to the former Alison Giauque and they are the parents of five children.
Prior to becoming a Tabernacle Organist, Unsworth was an assistant professor of music history and organ at Stephen F. Austin State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19375964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375964" title="6 Nimmt!">
6 Nimmt!

6 Nimmt! / Take 5! is a counting card game designed by Wolfgang Kramer in 1994 and published by Amigo Spiele. The French version is distributed by Gigamic. This game allows 2-10 players who start with ten randomly numbered cards. These are played in turns onto four card stacks with the goal of getting rid all of one's cards. Each player attempts to play their cards without laying their 6th card on a stack, as this results in a penalty of collecting all cards in the stack. Each card indicates penalty points with the number of bull heads on top of the card. After ten rounds the player with the least penalty points wins.
The game is sometimes called 6 who loses!, Take 6!, Category 5, or the original German name. The game can take from 2 to 10 players. The game's suggested minimum age is 10 years, and lasts on average about 45 minutes. The game consists of multiple rounds (typically 3-4) with cumulative scoring, each taking 10-15 minutes. It is possible to just play a single round as self-contained game.
Rules.
The goal is to be the player with the least amount of points. To do this, you should not collect cards, especially the ones with more cattle heads.
"6 Nimmt!" is played using a special card deck that in the original version has a cattle head in the center of the card and a variable number of small cattle heads on the top. The cards are numbered 1 to 104, each giving 1, 2, 3, 5 or 7 points (i.e. cattle heads) to the person who picks it up.
In the deck there are:
Preparation.
Ten cards are dealt to each player.
Four uncovered cards are arranged on the table to form a vertical line.
Gameplay.
At each turn, all the players select a card to play, and put the card face down on the table. When all the players have selected a card, the cards are uncovered.
Starting with the lowest valued card, and continuing in increasing order, each player must put his/her card at the end of one of the four rows on the table, following these rules:
The cards of all the players are played following these rules, from the lowest player card to the highest one.
At the end of the turn, the players select a new card to play, this is repeated for 10 turns until all the card in the hand are played.
End of the game.
After the 10 turns, each player count the cattle heads on the cards gathered from the table during the round. The score of each player is collected on the paper and a new hand starts.
The game ends when a player collects a total of 66 or more cattle heads. The winner is the player that has collected the fewest cattle heads.
Variations.
1. The number of cards depends on the number of players.
To make the game more complex, if there are fewer than 10 players, before starting, remove from the deck the cards higher than 10n + 4 (where n is the number of players). E.g. with 5 player you will use only the cards from 1 to 54, excluding the cards from 55 to 104, with 7 player only the cards from 1 to 74 are used. The other rules are unchanged.
This variation is clearly more strategic than the basic rules since it's possible to know which cards has been already played and which one are available to other players.
2. Each player chooses his cards.
All cards are placed facing upwards on the table. Starting from a randomly selected player and continuing clockwise each player chooses a card. This continues until each player holds 10 cards. The remaining 4 cards are arranged on the table to form a vertical line. The other rules are unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="19375975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375975" title="Diana Chalá">
Diana Chalá

Diana Chalá Zamora (born May 20, 1982) is a female judoka from Ecuador, who won the bronze medal in the women's middleweight division (– 70 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, alongside Dulce Piña of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19375985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375985" title="Great (1975 film)">
Great (1975 film)

Great is a 25-minute animated film released in 1975, telling a humorous version of the life of Isambard Kingdom Brunel. It was directed by Bob Godfrey, produced by Grantstern Films and distributed by British Lion.
"Great" won the Academy Award for Animated Short Film at the 48th Academy Awards in March 1976. "Great" was the first British animated film to win an Academy Award, and also won the BAFTA award for Best Animated Film in 1976.
Background.
The film recounts the life and works of the 19th century British civil engineer and architect Isambard Kingdom Brunel in a way that is affectionate while often tongue-in-cheek. The narrator, voiced by Harry Fowler, explains the triumphs and setbacks of Brunel's career, comparing him to Archimedes, Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein. Richard Briers provides the voice of Brunel. There are numerous songs in the film, including "Get a big top hat if you want to get ahead". "Great" is primarily an animated film, although it is mixed media, combining some live action sequences with the animation.
In an interview with "The Guardian" in April 2001, Bob Godfrey explained how the film came about:I'd been reading a book about Brunel so I asked British Lion, who backed "Kama Sutra" ["Kama Sutra Rides Again", his Academy Award nominated 1971 animated short], if I could have some money to make a half-hour cartoon about a Victorian engineer. Yes, they said, here's £20,000. They thought the sun shone out of my arse at the time. They'd have given me money to animate a toilet if I'd asked them."
"Great" is not available on DVD or Blu-ray. The official website of Bob Godfrey states on its FAQ page: "This is due to the film’s complex copyright status. If this ever changes, it will be made available."

</doc>
<doc id="19375988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375988" title="Moon shoes">
Moon shoes

Moon shoes were shoes for children fitted with trampoline-like springs. They were billed as "mini-trampolines for your feet". They were part of a merchandising effort by Nickelodeon. 
The original moon shoes were introduced in the 1970s and were metal in construction. They were made to fit over the wearer's regular shoes much in the same way as clamp on roller skates. The Nickelodeon product featured closed sides, plastic construction and bungee style springs which can be considered a safety improvement.

</doc>
<doc id="19375989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375989" title="Stefan Reisch">
Stefan Reisch

Stefan Reisch (born 29 November 1941 in Németkér, Hungary) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1960s and 1970s.
Childhood life.
As did most of the Danube Swabians after World War II, the Reisch family left their native Hungary. They had lived in a small village called Németkér, which means something like "German village". They were taken up in the town of Herrieden in the district of Ansbach. Reisch started his youth football in the local club TSV Herrieden. He later played for TSV Moorenbrunn and TSV Altenfurt before moving to the youth team of 1. FC Nuremberg.
Career.
Reisch began playing professionally in 1960 for the 1. FC Nuremberg. He played for the club for seven years and made over 150 appearances before joining Switzerland's Neuchâtel Xamax in 1967. In 1968, he signed for Belgian side Club Brugge K.V. where he played for two years before returning to Switzerland with Helmut Benthaus' successful FC Basel team. Soon after joining the club, he scored a goal in the 1970 Uhrencup Final, which Basel won 8–7 after penalties after a 5–5 at full time. He ended his professional career after the 1971–72 Nationalliga A season as Basel won the Swiss League Championship.
Summer 1972 saw him take up a player-manager's role at Kickers Würzburg, but he lasted just one season in charge. He was later player manager for ASV Neumarkt, SSV Jahn Regensburg and for SpVgg Büchenbach and manager for various amateur teams such as SpVgg Ansbach und FC Amberg.
National career.
He was capped nine time for the West German national team between 1962 and 1964. He made his debut on 30 September 1962, in a 3–2 win over Yugoslavia in Zagreb and played his last game in a 2–2 draw with Scotland in Hanover, on 12 May 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19375990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375990" title="History of Sparta">
History of Sparta

The History of Sparta describes the destiny of the ancient Dorian Greek state known as Sparta from its beginning in the legendary period to its incorporation into the Achaean League under the late Roman Republic, as Allied State, in 146 BC, a period of roughly 1000 years. Since the Dorians were not the first to settle the valley of the Eurotas River in the Peloponnesus of Greece, the preceding Mycenaean and Stone Age periods are described as well. Sparta went on to become a district of modern Greece. Brief mention is made of events in the post-classical periods.
Dorian Sparta rose to dominance in the 6th century BC. At the time of the Persian Wars, it was the recognized leader by assent of the Greek city-states. It subsequently lost that assent through suspicion that the Athenians were plotting to break up the Spartan state after an earthquake destroyed Sparta. When Sparta defeated Athens in the Peloponnesian War, it secured an unrivaled hegemony over southern Greece. Sparta's supremacy was broken following the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC. It was never able to regain its military supremacy and was finally absorbed by the Achaean League in the 2nd century BC.
Prehistoric period.
Stone age in Sparta.
The earliest certain evidence of human settlement in the region of Sparta, consists of pottery dating from the Middle Neolithic period found in the vicinity of Kouphovouno some two kilometres southwest of Sparta.
Legendary period.
Dorian invasion.
This civilization seems to have fallen into decline by the late Bronze Age, when, according to Herodotus, Macedonian tribes from the north marched into Peloponnese, where they were called Dorians and subjugating the local tribes, settled there. 
Tradition describes how, some sixty years after the Trojan War, a Dorian migration from the north took place and eventually led to the rise of classical Sparta. This tradition is, however, contradictory and was written down at a time long after the events they supposedly describe. Hence skeptics like Karl Julius Beloch have denied that any such event occurred. Chadwick has argued, on the basis of slight regional variations that he detected in Linear B, that the Dorians had previously lived in the Dorian regions as an oppressed majority, speaking the regional dialect, and emerged when they overthrew their masters.
Dark age in Sparta.
Archeologically, Sparta itself begins to show signs of settlement only around 1000 BC, some 200 years after the collapse of Mycenaean civilization. Of the four villages that made up the Spartan Polis, Forrest suggests that the two closest to the Acropolis were the originals, and the two more far flung settlements were of later foundation. The dual kingship may originate in the fusion of the first two villages. One of the effects of the Mycenaean collapse had been a sharp drop in population. Following that, there was a significant recovery, and this growth in population is likely to have been more marked in Sparta, as it was situated in the most fertile part of the plain.
Between the 8th and 7th centuries BC the Spartans experienced a period of lawlessness and civil strife, later testified by both Herodotus and Thucydides. As a result they carried out a series of political and social reforms of their own society which they later attributed to a semi-mythical lawgiver, Lycurgus. These reforms mark the beginning of the history of Classical Sparta.
Proto-historic period.
The reforms of Lycurgus.
It is during the reign of King Charillos, that most ancient sources place the life of Lycurgus. Indeed, the Spartans ascribed their subsequent success to Lycurgus, who instituted his reforms at a time when Sparta was weakened by internal dissent and lacked the stability of a united and well-organized community. There are reasons to doubt whether he ever existed, as his name derives from the word for "wolf" which was associated with Apollo, hence Lycurgus could be simply a personification of the god.
J. F. Lazenby suggests, that the dual monarchy may date from this period as a result of a fusion of the four villages of Sparta which had, up until then, formed two factions of the villages of Pitana-Mesoa against the villages of Limnai-Konoura. According to this view, the Kings, who tradition says ruled before this time, were either totally mythical or at best factional chieftains. Lazenby further hypothesizes that other reforms such as the introduction of the Ephors were later innovations that were attributed to Lycurgus.
Expansion of Sparta in the Peloponnesus.
The Dorians seem to have set about expanding the frontiers of Spartan territory almost before they had established their own state. They fought against the Argive Dorians to the east and southeast, and also the Arcadian Achaeans to the northwest. The evidence suggests that Sparta, relatively inaccessible because of the topography of the plain of Sparta, was secure from early on: it was never fortified.
Sparta shared the plain with Amyklai which lay to the south and was one of the few places to survive from Mycaenean times and was likely to be its most formidable neighbor. Hence the tradition that Sparta, under its kings Archelaos and Charillos moved north to secure the upper Eurotas valley is plausible. Pharis and Geronthrae were then taken and, though the traditions are a little contradictory, also Amyclae which probably fell in about 750 BC
. It is probable that the inhabitants of Geronthrae were driven out while those of Amyclae were simply subjugated to Sparta. Pausanias portrays this as a "Dorian versus Achaean" conflict. The Dark age was a horrific time in Sparta where thousands died. However, whilst the archaeological record throws doubt on this, such a cultural distinction is invisible in the archeology.
7th century BC.
Tyrtaeus tells that the war to conquer the Messenians, their neighbors on the west, led by Theopompus, lasted 19 years and was fought in the time of "the fathers of our fathers". If this phrase is to be taken literally, it would mean that the war occurred around the end of the 8th century BC or the beginning of the 7th. The historicity of the Second Messenian War was long doubted, as neither Herodotus or Thucydides mentions a second war. However, in the opinion of Kennell, a fragment of Tyrtaeus (published in 1990) gives us some confidence that it really occurred (probably in the later 7th century). It was as a result of this second war, according to fairly late sources, that the Messenians were reduced to the semi slave status of helots.
According to Herodotus the Argives' territory once included the whole of Cynuria, the east coast of the Peloponnese, and the island of Cythera Kennell finds this a little extreme but the low population of Cynuria that is apparent from archeology, does suggest that it was a contested zone.
In the Second Messenian War, Sparta established itself as a local power in Peloponnesus and the rest of Greece. During the following centuries, Sparta's reputation as a land-fighting force was unequaled.
6th century BC.
Peloponnesian League.
Early in the 6th century BC, the Spartan kings Leon and Agasicles made a vigorous attack on Tegea, the most powerful of the Arcadian cities. For some time Sparta had no success against Tegea and suffered a notable defeat at the Battle of the Fetters - the name reflected Spartan intentions to reduce the Tegea recognise it as hegemon. For Forrest this marked a change in Spartan policy, from enslavement to a policy of building an alliance that led to the creation of the Peloponesian League. Forrest, hesitantly attributes this change to Ephor Chilon. In building its alliance, Sparta gained two ends, protection of its conquest of Mesene and a free hand against Argos. The Battle of the Champions won about 546 BC (that is at the time that the Lydian Empire fell before Cyrus of Persia) made the Spartans masters of the Cynuria, the borderland between Laconia and Argolis.
In 494 BC, King Cleomenes I, launched what was intended to be a final settling of accounts with the city of Argos - an invasion, with the capture of the city itself, as the objective. Argos did not fall but her losses in the Battle of Sepeia would cripple Argos militarily, and lead to deep civil strife for some time to come. Sparta had come to be acknowledged as the leading state of Hellas and the champion of Hellenism. Croesus of Lydia had formed an alliance with it. Scythian envoys sought its aid to stem the invasion of Darius; to Sparta, the Greeks of Asia Minor appealed to withstand the Persian advance and to aid the Ionian Revolt; Plataea asked for Sparta's protection; Megara acknowledged their supremacy; and at the time of the Persian invasion under Xerxes no state questioned Sparta's right to lead the Greek forces on land or at sea.
Expeditions outside Peloponnesus.
In the opinion of the 1911 Britannica, Sparta soon showed itself "wholly unworthy" of such a role. In support of this contention, the 1911 Britannica article cited its narrow Peloponnesian outlook - it was not a colonizing state, though the inhabitants of Tarentum (Greek Taras; modern Taranto in southern Italy), and of Lyttus, in Crete, claimed it as their mother-city. Furthermore, though it had the reputation of hating tyrants and putting them down where possible, it was only to put in place oligarchies rather than democracies.
At the end of the 6th century BC, Sparta made its first intervention north of the Isthmus when it got involved in Athenian politics by overthrowing Hippias in 510 BC. Dissension in Athens followed with conflict between Kleisthenes and Isagoras. King Cleomenes turned up in Attica with a small body of troops to back the more conservative Isagoras. Initially he succeeded but then the Athenians tired of this treatment and Cleomenes found himself holed up on the Acropolis. That was not the end for an expedition of the whole Peloponnesian League. The expedition was to be led by Kleomenes along with his co-King Demaratos. The specific aims of the expedition were kept secret. The secrecy proved disastrous and as dissension broke out the real aims became clearer. First the Corinthians departed. Then a row broke out between Cleomenes and Demaratos with Demaratos too, deciding to go home. As a result of this fiasco the Spartans decided in future, not to send out an army with both Kings at its head. It also seems to have changed the nature of the Peloponnesian League. From that time, major decisions were discussed. Sparta was still clearly in charge, but it now had to carry its allies when it wanted something to happen.
5th century BC.
Persian Wars.
Battle of Marathon.
After hearing a plea for help from Athens who were facing the Persians at Marathon in 490 BC, Sparta decided to honor its laws and wait until the moon was full to send an army. As a result, Sparta's army arrived at Marathon after the battle had been won by the Athenians.
Battle of Thermopylae.
In the second campaign, conducted ten years later by Xerxes, Sparta faced the same dilemma. The Persians inconveniently chose to attack during the Olympic truce which the Spartans felt they must honor. Other Greek states which lacked such foibles were making a major effort to assemble a fleet - how could Sparta not contribute on land when others were doing so much on sea? The solution was to provide a small force under Leonidas to defend Thermopylae. However there are indications that Sparta's religious scruples were merely a cover. From this interpretation, Sparta believed that the defense of Thermopylae was hopeless and wished to make a stand at the Isthmus, but they had to go through the motions or Athens might ally itself with Persia. The loss of Athens's fleet would simply be too great a loss to the Greek resistance to be risked. The alternative view is that, on the evidence of the actual fighting, the pass was supremely defensible, and that the Spartans might reasonably have expected that the forces sent, would be adequate. 
In 480 BC, a small force of Spartans, Thespians, and Thebans led by King Leonidas (approximately 300 were full Spartiates, 700 were Thespians, and 400 were Thebans; these numbers do not reflect casualties incurred prior to the final battle), made a legendary last stand at the Battle of Thermopylae against the massive Persian army, inflicting very high casualties on the Persian forces before finally being encircled. From then on Sparta took a more active share and assumed the command of the combined Greek forces by sea and land. The decisive victory of Salamis did not change Sparta's essential dilemma. Ideally, they would wish to fight at the Isthmus where they would avoid the risk of their infantry being caught in the open by the Persian cavalry.
Battle of Plataea.
However, in 479 BC, the remaining Persian forces under Mardonius devastated Attica, Athenian pressure forced Sparta to lead an advance. The outcome was a standoff where both the Persians and the Greeks attempted to fight on favorable terrain, and this was resolved when the Persians attacked during a botched Greek withdrawal. In the resulting Battle of Plataea the Greeks under the generalship of the Spartan Pausanias overthrew the lightly armed Persian infantry, killing Mardonius.
The superior weaponry, strategy, and bronze armour of the Greek hoplites and their phalanx again proved their worth one year later when Sparta assembled at full strength and led a Greek alliance against the Persians at the battle of Plataea. The decisive Greek victory at Plataea put an end to the Greco-Persian War along with Persian ambition of expanding into Europe. Even though this war was won by a pan-Greek army, credit was given to Sparta, who besides being the protagonist at Thermopylae and Plataea, had been the de facto leader of the entire Greek expedition.
Battle of Mycale.
In the same year a united Greek fleet under the Spartan King, Leotychidas, won the Battle of Mycale. When this victory led to a revolt of the Ionian Greeks it was Sparta that rejected their admission to the Hellenic alliance. Sparta proposed that they should abandon their homes in Anatolia and settle in the cities that had supported the Persians. It was Athens who, by offering these cities alliance sowed the seeds of the Delian League. In 478 BC, the Greek fleet led by Pausanias, the victor of Plataea, mounted moves on Cyprus and Byzantium. However, his arrogant behavior forced his recall. Pausanias had so alienated the Ionians that they refused to accept the successor, Dorcis, that Sparta sent to replace him. Instead those newly liberated from Persia turned to Athens. The sources give quite divergent impressions about Spartan reactions to Athens' growing power and this may reflect the divergence of opinion within Sparta. According to this view one Spartan faction was quite content to allow Athens to carry the risk of continuing the war with Persia while an opposing faction deeply resented Athens' challenge to their Greek supremacy.
In later Classical times, Sparta along with Athens, Thebes, and Persia had been the main powers fighting for supremacy against each other. As a result of the Peloponnesian War, Sparta, a traditionally continental culture, became a naval power. At the peak of its power Sparta subdued many of the key Greek states and even managed to overpower the elite Athenian navy. By the end of the 5th century BC, it stood out as a state which had defeated the Athenian Empire and had invaded the Persian provinces in Anatolia, a period which marks the Spartan Hegemony.
Beginning of animosity with Athens.
Sparta's attention was at this time, fully occupied by troubles nearer home; such as the revolt of Tegea (in about 473-471 BC), rendered all the more formidable by the participation of Argos. The most serious, however was the crisis caused by the earthquake which in 464 BC devastated Sparta, costing many lives. In the immediate aftermath, the helots saw an opportunity to rebel. This was followed by the siege of Ithome which the rebel helots had fortified. The pro-Spartan Cimon was successful in getting Athens to send help to put down the rebellion, but this would eventually backfire for the pro-Sparta movement in Athens. The Athenian hoplites that made up the bulk of the force were from the well-to-do section of Athenian society, but were nevertheless openly shocked to discover that the rebels were Greeks like themselves. Sparta began to fear that the Athenian troops might make common cause with the rebels. The Spartans subsequently sent the Athenians home. Providing the official justification that since the initial assault on Ithone had failed, what was now required was a blockade, a task the Spartans did not need Athenian help with. In Athens, this snub resulted in Athens breaking off its alliance with Sparta and allying with its enemy, Argos. Further friction was caused by the consummation of the Attic democracy under Ephialtes and Pericles.
Paul Cartledge hazards that the revolt of helots and perioeci led the Spartans to reorganize their army and integrate the perioeci into the citizen hoplite regiments. Certainly a system where citizens and non citizens fought together in the same regiments was unusual for Greece. Hans van Wees is, however, unconvinced by the "manpower shortage" explanation of the Spartans' use of non citizen hoplites. He agrees that the integration of perioeci and citizens occurred sometime between the Persian and the Peloponnesian Wars but doesn't regard that as a significant stage. The Spartans had been using non-citizens as hoplites well before that and the proportion did not change. He doubts that the Spartans ever subscribed to the citizen only hoplite force ideal, so beloved by writers such as Aristotle.
Peloponnesian Wars.
The Peloponnesian Wars were the protracted armed conflicts, waged on sea and land, of the last half of the 5th century BC between the Delian League controlled by Athens and the Peloponnesian League dominated by Sparta over control of the other Greek states. The Delian League is often called "the Athenian Empire" by scholars. The Peloponnesian League believed it was defending itself against Athenian aggrandizement. 
The war had ethnic overtones that generally but not always applied: the Delian League included populations of Athenians and Ionians while the Peloponnesian League was mainly of Dorians, except that a third power, the Boeotians, had sided tentatively with the Peloponnesian League. They were never fully trusted by the Spartans. Ethnic animosity was fueled by the forced incorporation of small Dorian states into the Delian League, who appealed to Sparta. Motivations, however, were complex, including local politics and considerations of wealth.
In the end Sparta won, but it declined soon enough and was soon embroiled with wars with Boeotia and Persia, until being overcome finally by Macedon.
First Peloponnesian War.
When the First Peloponnesian War broke out, Sparta was still preoccupied suppressing the helot revolt, hence its involvement was somewhat desultory. It amounted to little more than isolated expeditions, the most notable of which involved helping to inflict a defeat on the Athenians at the Battle of Tanagra in 457 BC in Boeotia. However they then returned home giving the Athenians an opportunity to defeat the Boeotians at the battle of Oenophyta and so overthowing Boeotia. When the helot revolt was finally ended, Sparta needed a respite, seeking and gaining a five year truce with Athens. By contrast, however, Sparta sought a thirty year peace with Argos to ensure that they could strike Athens unencumbered. Thus Sparta was fully able to exploit the situation when Megara, Boeotia and Euboea revolted, sending an army into Attica. The war ended with Athens deprived of its mainland possessions but keeping its vast Aegean Empire intact. Both of Sparta's Kings were exiled for permitting Athens to regain Euboea and Sparta agreed to a Thirty Year Peace.But the treaty was broken when Sparta warred with Euboea.
Second Peloponnesian War.
Within six years, Sparta was proposing to its allies to go to war with Athens in support of the rebellion in Samos. On that occasion Corinth successfully opposed Sparta and they were voted down. When the Peloponnesian War, finally broke out in 431 BC the chief public complaint against Athens was its alliance with Corinth's enemy Korkyra and Athenenian treatment of Potidea. However according to Thucydides the real cause of the war was Sparta's fear of the growing power of Athens. The Second Peloponnesian War, fought from 431—404 BC would be the longest and costliest war in Greek history.
Archidamian war.
Sparta entered with the proclaimed goal of the "liberation of the Greeks" — an aim that required a total defeat of Athens. Their method was to invade Attica in the hope of provoking Athens to give battle. Athens, meanwhile, planned a defensive war. The Athenians would remain in their city, behind their impenetrable walls, and use their naval superiority to harass the Spartan coastline. In 425 BC, a body of Spartans surrendered to the Athenians at Pylos, casting doubt onto their ability to win the war. This was ameliorated by the expedition of Brasidas to Thrace, the one area where Athens possessions were accessible by land, which made possible, the compromise of 421 BC known as the Peace of Nicias. The war between 431 and 421 BC is termed the "Archidamian War" after the Spartan king who invaded Attica when it began, Archidamus II.
Syracusian expedition.
The war resumed in 415 BC and lasted until 404 BC. In 415 BC, Athens decided to capture Syracuse, a colony of Dorian Corinth. The arguments advanced in the assembly were that it would be a profitable possession and an enhancement of the empire. They invested a large portion of the state resources in a military expedition, but recalled one of its commanders, Alcibiades, on a trumped-up charge of impiety (some religious statues had been mutilated) for which he faced the death penalty. Escaping in his ship he deserted to Sparta. Having defaulted on the inquiry he was convicted in absentia and sentenced to death.
At first Sparta hesitated to resume military operations. In 414 BC, a combined force of Athenians and Argives raided the Laconian coast, after which Sparta began to take Alcibiades' advice. The success of Sparta and the eventual capture of Athens in 404 BC were aided partly by that advice. He induced Sparta to send Gylippus to conduct the defence of Syracuse, to fortify Decelea in northern Attica, and to adopt a vigorous policy of aiding Athenian allies to revolt. The next year they marched north, fortified Deceleia, cut down all the olive groves, which produced Athens' major cash crop, and denied them the use of the countryside. Athens was now totally dependent on its fleet, then materially superior to the Spartan navy. Spartan generals showed themselves to be not only inexperienced at naval warfare but in the assessment of Forrest, they were often incompetent or brutal or both.
Gylippus did not arrive alone at Syracuse. Collecting a significant force from Sicily and Spartan hoplites serving overseas he took command of the defense. The initial Athenian force under Nicias had sailed boldly into the Great Harbor of Syracuse to set up camp at the foot of the city, which was on a headland. Gylippus collected an international army of pro-Spartan elements from many parts of the eastern Mediterranean on the platform of liberation of Greece from the tyranny of Athens. Ultimately the Athenian force was not large enough to conduct an effective siege. They attempted to wall in the city but were prevented by a counter-wall. A second army under Demosthenes arrived. Finally the Athenian commanders staked everything on a single assault against a weak point on the headland, Epipolae, but were thrown back with great losses. They were about to depart for Athens when an eclipse of the full moon moved the soothsayers to insist they remain for another nine days, just the time needed for the Syracusians to prepare a fleet to block the mouth of the harbor.
Events moved rapidly toward disaster for the Athenians. Attempting to break out of the harbor they were defeated in a naval battle. The admiral, Eurymedon, was killed. Losing confidence in their ability to win, they abandoned the remaining ships and the wounded and attempted to march out by land. The route was blocked at every crossing by Syracusians, who anticipated this move. The Athenian army marched under a rain of missiles. When Nicias inadvertently marched ahead of Demosthenes the Syracusians surrounded the latter and forced a surrender, to which that of Nicias was soon added. Both leaders were executed, despite the protests of Gylippus, who wanted to take them back to Sparta. Several thousand prisoners were penned up in the quarries without the necessities of life or the removal of the dead. After several months the remaining Athenians were ransomed. The failure of the expedition in 413 was a material loss the Athenians could hardly bear, but the war continued for another ten years.
Intervention of the Persians.
Spartan shortcomings at sea were by this time manifest to them, especially under the tuteledge of Alcibiades. The lack of funds which could have proved fatal to Spartan naval warfare, was remedied by the intervention of Persia, which supplied large subsidies. In 412 the agents of Tissaphernes, the Great King's governor of such parts of the coast of Asia Minor as he could control, approached Sparta with a deal. The Great King would supply funds for the Spartan fleet if the Spartans would guarantee to the king his ancestral lands; to wit, the coast of Asia Minor with the Ionian cities (it was not really Persian ancestral land). An agreement was reached. A Spartan fleet and negotiator was sent to Asia Minor. The negotiator was Alcibiades, now persona non grata in Sparta because of his new mistress, the wife of King Agis, then away commanding the garrison at Deceleia. After befriending Tissaphernes Alcibiades was secretly offered an honorable return to Athens if he would influence the latter on their behalf. He was a double agent, 411-407. The Spartans received little money or expert advice.
By 408 the Great King had perceived that the agreement with the Spartans was not being implemented. He sent his brother, Cyrus the younger, to relieve Tissaphernes of his command of Lydia. Tissaphernes was pushed aside to the governorship of Caria. Exposed, Alcibiades departed for Athens in 407. In his place Sparta sent an agent of similar capabilities, a friend of King Agis, Lysander, who as "a diplomat and organizer ... was almost flawless, unless we count arrogance, dishonesty, unscrupulousness and brutality as flaws." He and Cyrus got along well. Upgrade of the Spartan fleet proceeded rapidly. In 406 Alcibiades returned as the commander of an Athenian squadron with the intent of destroying the new Spartan fleet, but it was too late. He was defeated by Lysander at the Battle of Notium. The suspicious Athenian government repudiated its arrangement with Alcibiades. He went into exile a second time, to take up residence in a remote villa in the Aegean, now a man without a country. 
Lysander's term as navarch then came to an end. He was replaced by Callicratidas but Cyrus now stinted his payments for the Spartan fleet. The funds allocated by the Great King had been used up. On Callicratides' defeat and death at the Battle of Arginusae the Spartans offered peace on generous terms. The Delian League would be left in place. Athens would still be allowed to collect tribute for its defense. The war party at Athens, however, mistrusted Sparta. One of its leaders, Cleophon, addressed the assembly wearing his armor, drunk. He demanded the Spartans withdraw from all cites they then held as a precondition of peace. The assembly rejected the Spartan offer. It undertook a new offensive against Spartan allies in the Aegean.
In the winter of 406/405 those allies met with Cyrus at Ephesus. Together they formulated an appeal to Sparta that Lysander be sent out for a second term. Both Spartan political norms and the Spartan constitution should have prevented his second term, but in the wake of the new Spartan defeat a circumvention was found. Lysander would be the secretary of a nominal navarch, Aracus, with the rank of vice-admiral. Lysander was again entrusted with all the resources needed to maintain and operate the Spartan fleet. Cyrus supplied the funds from his own resources. The Great King now recalled Cyrus to answer for the execution of certain members of the royal family. Cyrus appointed Lysander governor in his place, giving him the right to collect taxes. This trust was justified in 404 BC when Lysander destroyed the Athenian fleet at the Battle of Aegospotami. 
Lysander then sailed at his leisure for Athens to impose a blockade. If he encountered a state of the Delian League on his way he gave the Athenian garrison the option of withdrawing to Athens; if they refused, their treatment was harsh. He replaced democracies with pro-Spartan decarchies under a Spartan harmost.
The terms of surrender.
After the Battle of Aegospotami the Spartan navy sailed where it pleased unopposed. A fleet of 150 ships entered the Saronic Gulf to impose a blockade on Piraeus. Athens was cut off. In the winter of 404 the Athenians sent a delegation to King Agis at Deceleia proposing to become a Spartan ally if only they would be allowed to keep the walls intact. He sent them on to Sparta. The delegation was turned back on the road by the ephors. After hearing the terms they suggested the Athenians return with better ones.
The Athenians appointed Theramenes to discuss the matter with Lysander, but the latter had made himself unavailable. Theramenes found him, probably on Samos. After a wait of three months he returned to Athens saying that Lysander had delayed him and that he was to negotiate with Sparta directly. A board of nine delegates was appointed to go with Thermenes to Sparta. This time the delegation was allowed to pass.
The disposition of Athens was then debated in the Spartan assembly, which apparently had the power of debate, of veto and of counterproposition. Moreover, the people in assembly were the final power. Corinth and Thebes proposed that Athens be leveled and the land be turned into a pasture for sheep. Agis supported by Lysander also recommended the destruction of the city. The assembly refused, stating that they would not destroy a city that had served Greece so well in the past, alluding to Athens' contribution to the defeat of the Persians.
Instead the Athenians were offered terms of unconditional surrender: the long walls must be dismantled, Athens must withdraw from all states of the Delian League and Athenian exiles must be allowed to return. The Athenians could keep their own land. The returning delegates found the population of Athens starving to death. The surrender was accepted in assembly in April, 404, 27 years after the start of the war, with little opposition. A few weeks later Lysander arrived with a Spartan garrison. They began to tear down the walls to the tune of pipes played by young female pipers. Lysander reported to the ephors that "Athens is taken." The ephors complained of his wordiness, stating that "taken" would have been sufficient.
Some modern historians have proposed a less altruistic reason for the Spartans' mercy — the need for a counterweight to Thebes — though Anton Powell sees this as an excess of hindsight. It is doubtful that the Spartans could have predicted that it would be Thebes that would someday pose a serious threat, later defeating the Spartans at the Battle of Leuctra. Lysander's political opponents may have defended Athens not out of gratitude, but out of fear of making Lysander too powerful.
The affair of the thirty.
In the spring of 404 BC, the terms of surrender required the Athenians to tear down the long walls between the city and the port of Piraeus. When internal dissent prevented the Athenians from restoring a government Lysander dissolved the democracy and set up a government of 30 oligarchs that would come to be known as the Thirty. These were pro-Spartan men. Originally voted into power by the Assembly with a mandate to codify the laws, they immediately requested the assistance of the Spartan garrison to arrest their enemies. With them they assassinated persons who were pro-democracy and confiscated their property.
The disquiet of Sparta's allies in the Peloponnesian League can be seen in the defiance of Boeotia, Elis and Corinth in offering refuge to those who opposed the rule of the Thirty. Lysander departed Athens to establish decarchies, governing boards of 10 men, elsewhere in the former Athenian Empire, leaving the Spartan garrison under the command of the Thirty. Taking advantage of a general anti-Spartan backlash and a change of regime in Boeotia to an anti-Spartan government, the exiles and non-Athenian supporters (who were promised citizenship) launched an attack from Boeotia on Athens under Thrasybulus and in the Battle of Phyle followed by the Battle of Munichia and the Battle of Piraeus defeated the Athenian supporters of the Thirty with the Spartan garrison regaining partial control of Athens. They set up a decarchy.
Athens was on the brink of civil war. Both sides sent delegates to present their case before King Pausanias. The Thirty were heard first. They complained that Piraeus was being occupied by a Boeotian puppet government. Pausanias immediately appointed Lysander harmost (governor), which required the assent of the ephors, and ordered him to Sparta with his brother, who had been made navarch over 40 ships. They were to put down the rebellion and expel the foreigners.
After the Ten had been fully heard, Pausanias, obtaining the assent of three out of five ephors, went himself to Athens with a force including men from all the allies except the suspect Boeotia and Corinth. He met and superseded Lysander on the road. A battle ensued against Thrasybulus, whose forces killed two Spartan polemarchs but were driven at last into a marsh and trapped there. Pausanias broke off. He set up the board of 15 peace commissioners that had been sent with him by the Spartan assembly and invited both sides to a conference. The final reconciliation restored democracy to Athens. The Thirty held Eleusis, as they had previously massacred the entire population. It was made independent of Athens as a refuge for supporters of the Thirty. A general amnesty was declared. The Spartans ended their occupation. 
The former oligarchs repudiated the peace. After failure to raise assistance for their cause among the other states of Greece, they attempted a coup. Faced with the new Athenian state at overwhelming odds they were lured into a conference, seized and executed. Eleusis reverted to Athens. Sparta refused further involvement. Meanwhile, Lysander, who had been recalled to Sparta after his relief by Pausanias, with the assistance of King Agis (the second king) charged Pausanias with being too lenient with the Athenians. Not only was he acquitted by an overwhelming majority of the jurors (except for the supporters of Agis) including all five ephors, but the Spartan government repudiated all the decarchs that had been established by Lysander in former states of the Athenian Empire and ordered the former governments restored.
4th century BC.
Spartan supremacy.
The two major powers in the eastern Mediterranean in the 5th century BC had been Athens and Sparta. The defeat of Athens by Sparta resulted in Spartan hegemony in the early 4th century BC. The Spartans were great warriors.
Failed intervention in the Persian Empire.
Sparta's close relationship with Cyrus the Younger continued when she gave covert support to his attempt to seize the Persian throne. After Cyrus was killed at the Battle of Cunaxa, Sparta briefly attempted to be conciliatory towards Artaxerxes, the Persian king. In late 401 BC, however, Sparta decided to answer an appeal of several Ionian cities and sent an expedition to Anatolia. Though the war was fought under the banner of Greek liberty, the Spartan defeat at the Battle of Cnidus in 394 BC was widely welcomed by the Greek cities of the region. Though Persian rule meant to the cities of mainland Asia, the payment of tribute, this seems to have been considered a lesser evil than Spartan rule.
The peace of Antalcidas.
At the end of 397 BC, Persia had sent a Rhodian agent with gifts to opponents of Sparta on the mainland of Greece. However, these inducements served mainly as encouragement to those who were already resentful of Sparta. In the event, it was Sparta who made the first aggressive move using, as a pretext, Boeotia's support for her ally Locris against Sparta's ally Phocis. An army under Lysander and Pausanias was despatched. As Pausanias was somewhat lukewarm to the whole enterprise, Lysander went on ahead. Having detached Orchomenos from the Boeotian League, Lysander was killed at the Battle of Haliartus. When Pausanias arrived rather than avenge the defeat he simply sought a truce to bury the bodies. For this Pausanias was prosecuted, this time successfully and went into exile.
At the Battle of Coronea, Agesilaus I, the new king of Sparta, had slightly the better of the Boeotians and at Corinth, the Spartans maintained their position, yet they felt it necessary to rid themselves of Persian hostility and if possible use Persian power to strengthen their own position at home: they therefore concluded with Artaxerxes II the humiliating Peace of Antalcidas in 387 BC, by which they surrendered to the Great King of the Greek cities of the Asia Minor coast and of Cyprus, and stipulated for the autonomy of all other Greek cities. Finally, Sparta and Persia were given the right to make war on those who did not respect the terms of the treaty. It was to be a very one sided interpretation of autonomy, that Sparta enforced. The Boetian League was broken up on the one hand while the Spartan dominated Peloponnesian League was excepted. Further, Sparta did not consider that autonomy included the right of a city to choose democracy over Sparta's preferred form of government. In 383 BC an appeal from two cities of the Chalkidice and of the King of Macedon gave Sparta a pretext to break up the Chalkidian League headed by Olynthus. After several years of fighting Olynthus was defeated and the cities of the Chalkidice were enrolled into the Peloponnesian League. The real beneficiary of this conflict was Macedon, though Paul Cartledge considers it to be indulging in hindsight, to blame Sparta for enabling the rise of Philip II.
A new civil war.
During the Corinthian War Sparta faced a coalition of the leading Greek states: Thebes, Athens, Corinth, and Argos. The alliance was initially backed by Persia, whose lands in Anatolia had been invaded by Sparta and which feared further Spartan expansion into Asia. Sparta achieved a series of land victories, but many of her ships were destroyed at the battle of Cnidus by a Greek-Phoenician mercenary fleet that Persia had provided to Athens. The event severely damaged Sparta's naval power but did not end its aspirations of invading further into Persia, until Conon the Athenian ravaged the Spartan coastline and provoked the old Spartan fear of a helot revolt.
After a few more years of fighting in 387 BC, the Peace of Antalcidas was established, according to which all Greek cities of Ionia would return to Persian control, and Persia's Asian border would be free of the Spartan threat. The effects of the war were to reaffirm Persia's ability to interfere successfully in Greek politics and to affirm Sparta's weakened hegemonic position in the Greek political system. Sparta entered its long-term decline after a severe military defeat to Epaminondas of Thebes at the Battle of Leuctra. This was the first time that a Spartan army lost a land battle at full strength.
In 382 BC, Phoebidas, while leading a Spartan army north against Olynthus made a detour to Thebes and seized the Kadmeia, the citadel of Thebes. The leader of the anti-Spartan faction was executed after a show trial, and a narrow clique of pro-Spartan partisans was placed in power in Thebes, and other Boeotian cities. It was a flagrant breach of the Peace of Antalcidas. It was the seizure of the Kadmeia that led to Theban rebellion and hence to the outbreak of the Boeotian War. Sparta started this war with the strategic initiative, however, Sparta failed to achieve its aims. Early on, a botched attack on Piraeus by the Spartan commander Sphodrias undermined Sparta's position by driving Athens into the arms of Thebes. Sparta then met defeat at sea (the Battle of Naxos) and on land (the Battle of Tegyra) and failed to prevent the re-establishment of the Boeotian League and creation of the Second Athenian Empire.
The peace of Callias.
In 371 BC, a fresh peace congress was summoned at Sparta to ratify the Peace of Callias. Again the Thebans refused to renounce their Boeotian hegemony, and the Spartan's sent a force under King Cleombrotus in an attempt to enforce Theban acceptance. When the Thebans gave battle at Leuctra, it was more out of brave despair than hope. However, it was Sparta that was defeated and this, along with the death of King Cleombrotus dealt a crushing blow to Spartan military prestige. The result of the battle was to transfer supremacy from Sparta to Thebes.
Decline of the population.
As Spartan citizenship was inherited by blood, Sparta now increasingly faced a helot population that vastly outnumbered its citizens. The alarming decline of Spartan citizens was commented on by Aristotle.
Facing the Theban hegemony.
Sparta never fully recovered from the losses that the Spartans suffered at Leuctra in 371 BC and the subsequent helot revolts. Nonetheless, it was able to continue as a regional power for over two centuries. Neither Philip II nor his son Alexander the Great attempted to conquer Sparta itself.
By the winter of late 370 BC, King Agesilaus took the field, not against Thebes, but in an attempt to preserve at least a toehold of influence for Sparta in Arkadia. This backfired when, in response, the Arkadians sent an appeal for help to Boeotia. Boeotia responded by sending a large army, led by Epaminondas, which first marched on Sparta itself and then moved to Messenia where the helots had already rebelled. Epaminondas made that rebellion permanent by fortifying the city of Messene.
The final showdown was in 362 BC, by which time several of Boetia's former allies, such as Mantinea and Elis, had joined Sparta. Athens also fought with Sparta. The resulting Battle of Mantinea was won by Boetia and her allies but in the moment of victory, Epaminondas was killed. In the aftermath of the battle both Sparta's enemies and her allies swore a common peace. Only Sparta itself refused because it would not accept the independence of Messenia.
Facing Macedon.
Sparta had neither the men nor the money to recover her lost position, and the continued existence on her borders of an independent Messenia and Arcadia kept her in constant fear for her own safety. She did, indeed, join with Athens and Achaea in 353 BC to prevent Philip II of Macedon passing Thermopylae and entering Phocis, but beyond this, she took no part in the struggle of Greece with the new power which had sprung up on her northern borders. The final showdown saw Philip fighting Athens and Thebes at Chaeronea. Sparta was pinned down at home by Macedonian allies such as Messene and Argos and took no part.
After the Battle of Chaeronea, Philip II of Macedon entered the Peloponnese. Sparta alone refused to join Philip's "Corinthian League" but Philip engineered the transfer of certain border districts to the neighboring states of Argos, Arcadia and Messenia. 
During Alexander's campaigns in the east, the Spartan king, Agis III sent a force to Crete in 333 BC with the aim of securing the island for Sparta. Agis next took command of allied Greek forces against Macedon, gaining early successes, before laying siege to Megalopolis in 331 BC. A large Macedonian army under general Antipater marched to its relief and defeated the Spartan-led force in a pitched battle. More than 5,300 of the Spartans and their allies were killed in battle, and 3,500 of Antipater's troops. Agis, now wounded and unable to stand, ordered his men to leave him behind to face the advancing Macedonian army so that he could buy them time to retreat. On his knees, the Spartan king slew several enemy soldiers before being finally killed by a javelin. Alexander was merciful, and he only forced the Spartans to join the League of Corinth, which they had previously refused to join.
The memory of this defeat was still fresh in Spartan minds when the general revolt against Macedonian rule known as the Lamian War broke out — hence Sparta stayed neutral.
Even during its decline, Sparta never forgot its claims on being the "defender of Hellenism" and its Laconic wit. An anecdote has it that when Philip II sent a message to Sparta saying "If I enter Laconia, I will raze Sparta", the Spartans responded with the single, terse reply: "If."
When Philip created the league of the Greeks on the pretext of unifying Greece against Persia, the Spartans chose not to join—they had no interest in joining a pan-Greek expedition if it was not under Spartan leadership. Thus, upon the conquest of Persia, Alexander the Great sent to Athens 300 suits of Persian armour with the following inscription ""Alexander, son of Philip, and all the Greeks except the Spartans, give these offerings taken from the foreigners who live in Asia added"".
3rd century BC.
During Demetrius Poliorcetes campaign to conquer the Peloponnese in 294 BC, the Spartans led by Archidamus IV attempted to resist but were defeated in two battles. Had Demetrius not decided to turn his attention to Macedonia the city would have fallen. In 293 BC, a Spartan force, under Cleonymus, inspired Boeotia to defy Demetrius but Cleonymus soon departed leaving Thebes in the lurch. In 280 BC, a Spartan army, led by King Areus, again marched north, this time under the pretext of saving some sacred land near Delphi from the Aetolians. They somewhat pulled the moral high ground from under themselves, by looting the area. It was at this point that the Aetolians caught them and defeated them.
In 272 BC, Cleonymus of Sparta (who had been displaced as King by Areus), persuaded Pyrrhus to invade the Peloponnese. Pyrrhus laid siege to Sparta confident that he could take the city with ease, however, the Spartans, with even the women taking part in the defense, succeeded in beating off Pyrrhus' attacks. At this point Pyrrhus received an appeal from an opposition Argive faction, for backing against the pro-Gonatas ruler of Argos, and he withdrew from Sparta. In 264 BC, Sparta formed an alliance with Athens and Ptolomeic Egypt (along with a number smaller Greek cities) in an attempt to break free of Macedon. During the resulting Chremonidean War the Spartan King Areus led two expeditions to the Isthmus where Corinth was garrisoned by Macedonia, he was killed in the second. When the Achaean League was expecting an attack from Aetolia, Sparta sent an army under Agis to help defend the Isthmus but the Spartans were sent home when it seemed that no attack would materialize. Shortly afterwards, About 244 BC, an Aetolian army raided Laconia, carrying off, (it is said) 50,000 captives, though that is likely to be an exaggeration. Grainger has suggested that this raid was part of Aetolia's project to build a coalition of Peloponnesian cities. Though Aetolia was primarily concerned with confining Achaea, because the cities concerned were hostile to Sparta, Aetolia needed to demonstrate her anti Spartan credentials.
In the middle of the 3rd century BC, a slowly building social crisis came to a head. Wealth had become concentrated into the hands of about 100 wealthy families. By contrast, the number of equals, who had always formed the backbone of the Spartan army had fallen to 700 - less than a tenth of its 9000 strong highpoint in the 7th century BC. Agis IV was the first to attempt reform. His program combined debt cancellation and land reform. Opposition from king Leonidas was removed when he was deposed on somewhat dubious grounds. However, his opponents exploited a period when he was absent from Sparta and, on his return he was subjected to a travesty of a trial.
The next attempt at reform came from the son of Agis's enemy Leonidas - Cleomenes III. In 229 BC, Cleomenes led an attack on Megalopolis - hence provoking war with Achaea. Aratus who led the Achaean League forces, despite having 20,000 to Cleomenes 5000 men adopted a very cautious strategy. Cleomenes was faced with obstruction from the Ephors which probably reflected a general lack of enthusiasm amongst citizens. Nonetheless he succeeded in defeating Aratus. With this success behind him he left the citizen troops in the field and with the mercenaries, marched on Sparta to stage a Coup d'état. The ephorate was abolished - indeed four out of five of them had been killed during Cleomenes' seizure of power. Land was redistributed enabling a widening of the citizen body. Debts were cancelled. The task of restoring the old severe training and simple life, Cleomenes gave to Sphaerus, his stoic advisor. For Historian Peter Green, that a non Spartan should be given such a responsibility is a telling indication of the extent that Sparta had lost her Lycurgian traditions. These reforms excited hostility amongst the wealthy of the Peloponnese who feared social revolution. For others, especially among the poor, Cleomenes inspired hope - a hope that was to be quickly dashed when Cleomenes started taking cities and it became obvious that social reform outside Sparta was the last thing on his mind.
Cleomenes' reforms had as their aim, the restoration of Spartan power. Initially Cleomenes was successful, taking cities that had until then been part of the Achaean League and winning the financial backing of Egypt. However Aratus the leader of the Achaean League decided to ally with Achea's (until then) enemy, Macedonia. With Egypt deciding to cut financial aid Cleomenes decided to risk all, on one battle. In the resulting Battle of Sellasia in 222 BC, Cleomenes was defeated by the Achaeans and Macedonia. Antigonus III Doson, the king of Macedon ceremonially entered Sparta with his army - something Sparta had never endured before. The ephors were restored whilst the kingship was suspended.
At the beginning of the Social War envoys from Achaea unsuccessfully attempted to persuade Sparta to take the field against Aetolia. Aetolian envoys were at first equally unsuccessful but their presence was used as a pretext by Spartan royalists who staged a Coup d'état that restored the dual kingship. Sparta then immediately entered the war on the side of Aetolia.
2nd century BC.
The sources on Nabis, who took power in 207 BC, are so uniformly hostile that it is impossible today to judge the truth of the accusation against him - that his reforms were undertaken only to serve Nabis' interests. Certainly his reforms went far deeper than those of Cleomenes who had liberated 6000 helots merely as an emergency measure. The Encyclopædia Britannica states:
The historian W.G. Forest is willing to take these accusations at face value including that he murdered his ward, and participated in state sponsored piracy and brigandage - but not the self-interested motives ascribed to him. He sees him as a ruthless version of Cleomenes, sincerely attempting to solve Sparta's social crisis. He initiated the building of Sparta's first walls which extended to some 6 miles.
It was this point that Achaea switched her alliance with Macedon to support Rome. As Achaea was Sparta's main rival, Nabis leaned towards Macedonia. It was getting increasingly difficult for Macedonia to hold Argos, so Philip V of Macedon decided to hand Argos to Sparta, so increasing tension with the Achean League. Nonetheless, he was careful not to violate the letter of his alliance with Rome. After the conclusion of thee wars with Philip V, Sparta's control of Argos contradicted the official Roman policy of freedom to the Greeks and Titus Quinctius Flamininus organized a large army with which he invaded Laconia and laid siege to Sparta. Nabis was forced to capitulate, evacuating all his possessions outside Laconia, surrendering the Laconian seaports and his navy, and paying an indemnity of 500 talents, while freed slaves were returned to their former masters. In 192 BC, he succeeded in recovering Gythium but was then defeated by the Achaeans under Philopoemen who then ravaged Laconia for thirty days. The Encyclopædia Britannica states:
During the Punic Wars Sparta had been an ally of the Roman Republic. Spartan political independence was put to an end when it was eventually forced into the Achaean League. In 146 BC, Greece was conquered by the Roman general Lucius Mummius. During the Roman conquest, Spartans continued their way of life, and the city became a tourist attraction for the Roman elite who came to observe exotic Spartan customs. Supposedly, following the disaster that befell the Roman imperial army at the Battle of Adrianople (378 CE), a Spartan militia phalanx met and defeated a force of raiding Visigoths in battle.
After 146 BC, sources for Spartan history are somewhat fragmentary. The city claimed to continue the regime of Lycurgus. Pliny describes its freedom as being empty, though Chrimes argues that whilst this may be true in the area of external relations, Sparta retained a high level of autonomy in internal matters. The one internal matter which the imperial authorities did intervene in, was the matter of the exposure of children. This practice existed throughout the Greek world but the tradition was especially ingrained in Sparta.
According to The Encyclopædia Britannica:
The Romans did on a number of occasions field Spartan troops against the Parthians under the emperors Lucius Verus, Septimius Severus and Caracalla. It is likely that the Romans wished thus, to use the legend of Spartan prowess.
Post-classical periods.
Sparta during the Migration Period.
In 396 CE, Alaric sacked Sparta and, though it was rebuilt, the revived city was much smaller than before. The city was finally abandoned during this period when many of the population centers of the Peloponnese were raided by an Avaro-Slav army. Some settlement by Proto-Slavic tribes occurred around this time. The scale of the Slavic incursions and settlement in the later 6th and especially in the 7th century remain a matter of dispute. The Slavs did occupy most of the Peloponnese, as evidenced by Slavic toponyms, with the exception of the eastern coast, which remained in Byzantine hands. The latter was included in the "thema" of Hellas, established by Justinian II ca. 690.
Under Nikephoros I, following a Slavic revolt and attack on Patras, a determined Hellenization process was carried out. According to the (not always reliable) "Chronicle of Monemvasia", in 805 the Byzantine governor of Corinth went to war with the Slavs, exterminated them, and allowed the original inhabitants to claim their own lands. They regained control of the city of Patras and the peninsula was re-settled with Greeks. Many Slavs were transported to Asia Minor, and many Asian, Sicilian and Calabrian Greeks were resettled in the Peloponnese. The entire peninsula was formed into the new "thema" of Peloponnesos, with its capital at Corinth. There was also continuity of the Peloponnesian Greek population. With re-Hellenization, the Slavs likely became a minority among the Greeks, although the historian J.V.A. Fine considers it is unlikely that a large number of people could have easily been transplanted into Greece in the 9th century; this suggests that many Greeks had remained in the territory and continued to speak Greek throughout the period of Slavic occupation. By the end of the 9th century, the Peloponnese was culturally and administratively Greek again, with the exception of a few small Slavic tribes in the mountains such as the Melingoi and Ezeritai.
According to Byzantine sources, the Mani Peninsula in southern Laconian remained pagan until well into the 10th century. In his "De administrando imperio", Emperor Constantine Porphyrogennetos also claims that the Maniots retained autonomy during the Slavic invasion, and that they descend from the ancient Greeks. Doric-speaking populations survive today in Tsakonia. In the Middle Ages, the political and cultural center of Laconia shifted to the nearby settlement of Mystras.
Sparta of the Late Middle Ages.
On their arrival in the Morea, the Frankish Crusaders found a fortified city named Lacedaemonia (Sparta) occupying part of the site of ancient Sparta, and this continued to exist, though greatly depopulated, even after the Prince of Achaea William II Villehardouin had in 1249 founded the fortress and city of Mistra, on a spur of Taygetus (some 3 miles northwest of Sparta).
This passed shortly afterwards into the hands of the Byzantines and became the centre of the Despotate of the Morea, until the Ottoman Turks under Mehmed II captured it in 1460. In 1687 it came into the possession of the Venetians, from whom it was wrested again in 1715 by the Turks. Thus for nearly six centuries it was Mistra and not Sparta which formed the center and focus of Laconian history. The Mani Peninsula region of Laconia retained some measure of autonomy during the Ottoman period, and played a significant role in the Greek War of Independence.
Modern Sparta.
Until modern times, the site of ancient Sparta was occupied by a small town of a few thousand people who lived amongst the ruins, in the shadow of Mystras, a more important medieval Greek settlement nearby. The Palaiologos family (the last Byzantine Greek imperial dynasty) also lived in Mystras. In 1834, after the Greek War of Independence, King Otto of Greece decreed that the town was to be expanded into a city.
Bibliography.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19375992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375992" title="HD 134064">
HD 134064

HD 134064 or ADS 9505 B is a double or multiple star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19375994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375994" title="Dos Amigos Pumping Plant">
Dos Amigos Pumping Plant

Dos Amigos Pumping Plant is located 10 miles (16 km) south of Los Banos, California, on Interstate 5. The plant is the second pumping plant for the California Aqueduct and the South Bay Aqueduct. It provides the necessary fluid head (potential energy) for the California Aqueduct to flow for approximately 95 miles (153 km) to where the Coastal Branch splits from the "main line" approximately 10 miles (16 km) south-southeast of Kettleman City. After the coastal branch, the line continues by gravity another 66 miles (106 km) to the Buena Vista Pumping Plant. 

</doc>
<doc id="19376002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376002" title="John Matthew Wilson Young">
John Matthew Wilson Young

John Matthew Wilson Young (17 December 1822; Durham – 4 March 1897; Lincoln) was an English organist. He was elder brother to William James Young (1836; Durham - 1913; Lancashire), also a well-known English organist. John M.W. Young was buried in the cemetery at East Gate in Lincoln. He married Augusta Frushard (1820; Lambeth - 1902; Lincoln), youngest daughter of Philip Frushard (13 October 1783 India - 5 July 1837 Durham), the Governor of Durham Gaol, and Anna Maria Pewsey his wife, on 8 July 1851 at St. Paul's Church, Deptford, Kent.
Career.
He was successively:
Publications.
The psalter, as used in Lincoln Cathedral, John Matthew Wilson Young, Henry Wollaston Hutton, George John Bennett, W.K. Morton & Sons, 1912

</doc>
<doc id="19376014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376014" title="Atlantic County Bikeway">
Atlantic County Bikeway

The Atlantic County Bikeway is a rail trail in Atlantic County, New Jersey.
It occupies a abandoned rail corridor of the West Jersey and Atlantic Railroad later the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines in Atlantic County that extends from The Shore Mall in Egg Harbor near Garden State Parkway exit 36 to the Atlantic County Institute of Technology in Hamilton Township.
The trail is wide with shoulders, and an asphalt surface. The bikeway has three trailhead parking areas, located at the Shore Mall, the Atlantic County Vocational-Technical High school and at English Creek Avenue. The bikeway was funded by the Atlantic County Open Space Trust Fund ($463,000) and a Federal Highway (ISTEA) grant ($541,000). The bikeway officially opened May 8, 2003.
Plans call for extending the bikeway to the Cumberland County Line, this section is referred to as bikeway west, and would run between Gaskill Park in Mays Landing and an area near the Buena Vista Campground near Routes 54 and 40 in Buena Vista.
It has been proposed to link the Atlantic County Bikeway with other south Jersey abandoned rail lines to extend the trail network all the way to Vineland.

</doc>
<doc id="19376016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376016" title="Nahr al-Bared, Syria">
Nahr al-Bared, Syria

Nahr al-Bared () is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northwest of Hama. It is situated in the al-Ghab plain in the al-Suqaylabiyah District. Nearby localities include Tell Salhab to the south, al-Asharinah to the east, Hawrat Ammorin and al-Suqaylabiyah to the north and al-Mazhal and Ayn al-Kurum to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Nahr al-Bared had a population of 4,016 in the 2004 census. 
Landscape.
Although the village is considered modern, it still contains a number of ruins. The village is also situated at a big river and during the winter regularly receives snow.
Amenities.
Nahr al-Bared has three hotels, called Sahara Hotel, Abo Allosh and Abo Maher. There are also three mosques in the village called al-Sheikh Abd al-Hadi Haidar, al-Sheikh Soliman Moaala and Ali Naser. The village also has a large restaurant which can be accessed by using a micro bus. Nahr al-Bared also contains a large petrol station.

</doc>
<doc id="19376036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376036" title="Gudrun (disambiguation)">
Gudrun (disambiguation)

Gudrun is the sister of Gunnar in Norse mythology.
Gudrun, also known as Kudrun, is the heroine of a German medieval epic of the same name.
Guðrún Ósvífrsdóttir is the main character of the Laxdœla saga.
Gudrun may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376049" title="Nərimanov raion">
Nərimanov raion

Nərimanov (also, Narimanov) is a settlement and raion in Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 162,500. 

</doc>
<doc id="19376050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376050" title="Ray Wynter">
Ray Wynter

Ray Ricardo Wynter (born 27 November 1955) is a West Indian cricketer who played first-class and one-day cricket for the Jamaican team from 1975 until 1982. A right-hand bat and a "promising" right-arm fast-medium opening bowler, Wynter played 30 matches in all. After seven years at Jamaica, he participated in a rebel tour of South Africa with the West Indies XI and, as a result, he, along with all the other players on the tour, subsequently received a lifetime ban from cricket.
Early career.
A native of Jamaica's capital, Kingston, Ray Wynter played his first major cricket match on 25 February 1975 for Jamaica's Under-19 team against Leeward Islands, scoring nine runs in the second inning and taking 2/34 before the match was drawn. He began playing first-class cricket on 16 January 1976 against a combined Leeward and Windward Islands team. His first season saw him appearing in five first-class matches, scoring only 13 runs at 3.25, however he found success with the ball, taking 10 wickets at 25.50, with a career best of 5/48 which he would not again reach. Wynter played only one List-A match in his first season, with no runs off the bat, but with two wickets with the ball at 13.50.
1976–1981 seasons.
Wynter's second season, over the winter of 1976/77, saw little improvement with the bat, scoring 16 runs from four matches at 4.00, 13 of those in one inning. He also performed poorly with the ball, four wickets at 75.00 with a best of 2/28. His single List-A match of this season also saw a poor batting return of 2 runs, and his bowling returned one wicket at 38.00. The winter of 1977/78 saw Wynter play in only two matches, registering three ducks and a score of five not out to leave him with an average of 5.00 from the bat in first-class matches. His bowling in the same format again featured poor returns, with just a single wicket at 81.00. He was not required to bat in the List-A matches of this season, however his one-day bowling figures improved with four wickets at 14/50 including a career best 3/15.
During the winter of 1978/79, Wynter did not feature in any first-class matches, and he did not bat in his one List-A appearance, though he did take one wicket for 18 runs. The 1979/80 season saw Wynter return for one match, scoring 12 runs and a duck to leave him with a season average of 6.00, a career best thus far. His bowling returned two wickets at 42.00 each in these first-class matches, though he did not play any one-day cricket that season. Wynter's appearances became more sporadic in the 1980/81 season, where he did not make a first-class appearance. In his two first class matches he scored seven runs at 3.50, and found success with the ball, with three wickets at 14.33, his best figures since 1976.
Tour of South Africa.
The 1981/82 season was Wynter's last for Jamaica. He appeared in five first-class matches, scoring 15 runs at a career best 15.00. He also reached career best figures with the ball, taking 14 wickets at 32.85. He also scored 13 runs at 6.50 from five List-A matches, and took four wickets at 46.00. Over the winter of 1982/83, Wynter left Jamaica and controversially toured South Africa with the West Indies XI, drawing heavy criticism due to the tour's breaking a sports ban then in existence against South Africa as punishment for its racial policy of apartheid. Wynters played one first-class match on 28 February 1983, scoring nine runs and a not out duck, which left him with an average of 9.00. He also took two wickets at 29.50, those of Kevin McKenzie and Garth Le Roux, and he also caught Jimmy Cook off the bowling of Franklyn Stephenson.
For taking part in the rebel tour, Wynter received a life ban from professional cricket. He subsequently settled in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19376055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376055" title="Christina Yannetsos">
Christina Yannetsos

Christina Yannetsos (born May 7, 1983) is a female judoka from the United States, who won the silver medal in the women's middleweight division (– 70 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. In the final she was defeated by Cuba's Regla Leyén.

</doc>
<doc id="19376061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376061" title="Glassie">
Glassie

Glassie is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376064" title="Australia–Turkey relations">
Australia–Turkey relations

Australian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Australia and Turkey. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established in 1967. Australia has an embassy in Ankara since 1968, a consulate-general in Istanbul and a consulate in Çanakkale. Turkey has an embassy in Canberra since 1967 and two consulates-general in Melbourne and Sydney. 
The first encounter of Turkey and Australia was on the battlefields of Çanakkale, the scene of a fierce but, at the same time, gentlemanly war. This has created a bond of mutual respect, admiration and friendship. The historical bond between the two countries constitutes a strong foundation to further strengthen and deepen their relations in every fields. The warm sentiments between Turkish and Australian nations were best voiced in the message of the Great Leader Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, which was sent to the Australian and New Zealander mothers in 1934 and is as follows:
""Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives… you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country. Therefore rest in peace. There is no difference between the Johnnies and the Mehmets where they lie side by side here in this country of ours… You the mothers who sent their sons from far away countries, wipe away your tears. Your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace. Having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well.""
The Çanakkale Battles are commemorated every year in Çanakkale on 24–25 April with a wide participation from Australia.
There are no contentious issues between Turkey and Australia. The Turkish community living in Australia constitutes a bridge of friendship between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19376104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376104" title="Jeonju University">
Jeonju University

Jeonju University (JJ) is a private Christian university in South Korea. The campus is located in 1200 Hyoja-dong, Wansan-gu, Jeonju, Jeollabuk-do.
History.
Jeonju University was founded on January 9, 1964 as Jeonju Youngsaeng College (an evening college). In December 1977 the school foundation established a daytime college, and on October 7, 1978 the college was renamed Jeonju College. In February 1981 it moved to present-day Hyoja-dong Campus. It acquired a university status on September 8, 1983 and renamed Jeonju University. In December 1984 Shindonga Group succeeded the school foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19376107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376107" title="Causeway Coast and Glens District Council">
Causeway Coast and Glens District Council

Causeway Coast and Glens District Council is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. It will replace Ballymoney Borough Council, Coleraine Borough Council, Limavady Borough Council and Moyle District Council. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the Causeway Coast and Glens district on 1 April 2015.
The electoral areas will be Ballymoney, Bann, Benbradagh, Causeway, Coleraine, Limavady and The Glens.

</doc>
<doc id="19376110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376110" title="Omid Kamkar Lotfi">
Omid Kamkar Lotfi

Omid Kamkar is a setar, and daf player. He is classical Persian ensemble musicians and he also tours the world with The Kamkars, an Iranian Kurdish group composed of Omid, his six uncles, and his mother. He has also toured with his musician father, Mohammad Reza Lotfi.
In the last 9 years, Omid has increasingly become recognized as a solo performer and the greatest living heir to Iran’s illustrious Setar tradition. Omid’s unprecedented ambidextrous technique and experiments in tuning, combined with his sheer musicality, have allowed him to reinvent the Setar repertoire. His performing is technically flawless, powerful, and strongly emotional. 
Omid was born in the city of Tehran, Iran, he studied music at the early age of five under the supervision of his family The kamkars. His focus at first was on the contemporary Iranian music, but later at the age of 20 he studied the traditional repertoire, the Radif. 
He has also studied with the great master Hossein Alizadeh for few months. Omid was deeply inspired by his uncle Ardavan Kamkar and his father Mohammad Reza Lotfi. Omid started his performing career in 1993 at Vahdat Auditorium of Iran. He has performed regularly in Iran and throughout the world. His performances have brought him universal acclaim and an eminent position among his compatriots.
Besides his musical career, Omid has had a lifelong passion for vipassana meditation. Since 1997, he has practiced vipassana meditation under the instructions of S. N. Goenka.
As a member of The Kamkars, Omid has given numerous concerts in Iran and abroad. His Website : http://omidkamkar.blogspot.com

</doc>
<doc id="19376115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376115" title="Cedric Bucknall">
Cedric Bucknall

Cedric Bucknall, born 2 May 1849 in Bath and died 12 December, 1921, was an English organist.
Life.
He was the son of John Bucknall and Elizabeth Bassett. He married Abbie Cecilia Frye on 27 April 1873 in West Hackney. 
Children:
He was buried in Cranford Cemetery, Westbury on Trym, Bristol.
Career.
He held posts of: 

</doc>
<doc id="19376116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376116" title="Undead (song)">
Undead (song)

"Undead" is a song by American rap rock band Hollywood Undead, the first track and second single from their debut full-length album, "Swan Songs".
Reception.
The song peaked at #10 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, #12 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks, and #4 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100.
"Undead" was released as a 7" single in the United Kingdom on HMV with "Circles" as a second track.
During Super Bowl XLIII, a trailer aired for "" which featured "Undead". The song is also featured in the video game "UFC 2009 Undisputed" from THQ and is part of the soundtrack for "Madden NFL 09".
MMA fighter Josh Neer used this song as his entrance music during "UFC 101".
The song was used in the New York Knicks 2009-2010 intro video.
The song was used in the NBC telecast of WrestleMania XXV, highlighting the match between The Undertaker and Shawn Michaels. Most recently, the song was used in a TV spot trailer for the 2011 remake film "Conan the Barbarian". The song was also used for Shiima Xion during his run in the indy circuit.
For the 2011 - 2012 season, the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League used the song for their pre-game player introductions.
In 2012, Deuce, former frontman of Hollywood Undead, remixed the song under the title "Nine Lives". This version consists of Deuce performing the original chorus, and Deuce yelling "Nine Lives", rather than "Undead". Deuce also sings over Johnny 3 Tears' verse making slight changes to some lines. This track was used for a promotional release for Deuce's debut solo album Nine Lives.
Arrangement.
The main riff of the song is the same as that from "Crazy Train" by Ozzy Osbourne, played on a synthesizer rather than a guitar and transposed into a different key. As with all songs from the band's debut, Deuce sings the chorus. Johnny 3 Tears raps the first verse, Charlie Scene raps the second verse, and J-Dog raps the third. The original version of the song was entitled "Out the Way" and featured additional lyrics during J-Dog's verse. These words were cut out on the final track due to it being a diss towards cross dressing musician Jeffree Star. However these lyrics are performed by the band at live shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19376120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376120" title="Audio (magazine)">
Audio (magazine)

Audio magazine was a periodical published from 1947 to 2000, and was America's longest-running audio magazine. "Audio" published reviews of audio products and audio technology as well as informational articles on topics such as acoustics, psychoacoustics and the art of listening. "Audio" claimed to be the successor of "Radio" magazine which was established in 1917.
History.
"Audio" began life in Mineola, New York in 1947 as "Audio Engineering" for the purpose of publishing new developments in audio engineering. In 1948, the Audio Engineering Society (AES) was established and in 1953 they began publishing their definitive, scholarly periodical, the "Journal of the Audio Engineering Society". "Audio Engineering" magazine dropped the word "engineering" in 1954 and shifted to a more consumer- and hobbyist-oriented focus while retaining a serious scientific viewpoint. In 1966, "Audio"'s headquarters were moved to Philadelphia and the periodical was printed by North American Publishing Company.
In 1979, CBS bought "Audio" from its Philadelphia publisher and moved operations to New York. CBS then bought a group of magazines from Ziff-Davis, including sometime competitor Stereo Review, which soon found itself sharing office space (but not staff) with Audio. In October 1987, Peter Diamandis led a management buyout of the CBS magazine division with 19 magazines with $650 million of financing from Prudential Insurance. Diamandis Communications Inc. soon sold seven magazines for $243 million and in April 1988 sold "Audio" and the rest of the magazines to Hachette Filipacchi Médias for $712 million. Peter Diamandis remained in control of the magazine group and in 1989 bought competing audio magazine "High Fidelity" and merged its subscription and advertiser lists with those of "Stereo Review", firing "High Fidelity"'s staff and shutting down its printing.
"Audio"'s final appearance was the combined February/March issue in 2000. Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. group publisher Tony Catalano told reporters that trouble in the high-performance audio sector led to the cancellation of the magazine. "Sound & Vision", the successor to "Stereo Review", would become the publishing group's sole magazine containing reviews of home audio equipment.
Contributors and content.
Eugene "Gene" Pitts III served for more than 22 years as "Audio"'s editor before being replaced in 1995 by Michael Riggs, executive editor of "Stereo Review" and former editor of "High Fidelity", who was then joined in 1999 by Corey Greenberg in an eleventh-hour attempt to revive sagging advertising revenues. Pitts went on to buy "The Audiophile Voice" in 1995 from The Audiophile Society, a club in the tri-state area around New York City.
"Audio" magazine was known for its equipment reviews, which were unusual for their concentration on objective measurement and specifications rather than subjective opinion. "Audio"'s contributors included respected audio engineers, many active in AES. Harry F. Olson, Howard A. Chinn, John K. Hilliard, Harvey Fletcher and Hermon Hosmer Scott, all AES Gold Medal awardees, were among the pioneering audio experts who took their discoveries to "Audio"'s pages. Richard Heyser, inventor of time delay spectrometry, wrote articles for "Audio" in the 1980s including his column "Audio's Rosetta Stone". He often reviewed loudspeakers during his short tenure. Don Keele followed Heyser, using TEF analysis in his loudspeaker reviews. Don Davis, founder of Syn-Aud-Con, wrote occasional articles and letters to the editor. Ken Pohlmann, digital audio author and educator, and David Clark, founder of the David Clark company and expert in unbiased double-blind test procedures and originator of the ABX test, wrote articles for "Audio".
In 1972, Robert W. "Bob" Carver wrote an article about his 700 watt amplifier design, the Phase Linear PL-700. Thereafter, Carver products were often reviewed in the magazine. Bob Carver wrote an article about his development of sonic holography, an experiment in psychoacoustics as applied to loudspeaker physics.
In 1984, a column called "Auricles" appeared, providing purely subjective equipment reviews that did not include performance measurements or emphasize specifications. New contributors who were not engineers were invited to review audio products. After a decade of "Auricles", at least one observer characterized the change in editorial content as an indulgence in "fantasy".

</doc>
<doc id="19376128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376128" title="Jamil Mardam Bey">
Jamil Mardam Bey

Jamil Mardam Bey (1894–1960),(), was a Syrian politician, Born in Damascus to a prominent aristocratic Sunni Muslim family. He is descended from Ottoman's general, statesman, and Grand Vizier Lala Kara Mustafa Pasha. He studied at the school of Political Science in Paris and was a founder of Al-Fatat, the leading opposition party in Ottoman Syria.
Early life.
Mardam Bey was born in Damascus in 1893 to one of the most prominent Syrian families of Turkish ancestry. 
Al-Fatat was founded by five Arab students living in Paris in 1911. The organization called on Arab and Turkish citizens to remain united within the Ottoman framework, but claimed that the Arabs should have equal rights and obligations as their Ottoman counterparts. In 1913, Al-Fatat moved its offices to Beirut. In 1914, its founders opened an office in Damascus to coordinate nationalist activity.
In the summer of 1913, the Al-Fatat founders called for the Arab Congress of 1913 in Paris to discuss the deteriorating living standards in the Ottoman Empire. Not wishing to create a permanent break up with authorities in Constantinople, the founders did not call for complete Arab liberation, but tried to sort out its relations with the Ottomans. When that failed, they publicly headed the separatist movement demanding a complete break with the Ottomans.
In 1916, Jamil Mardam Bey joined the Arab revolt of Sharif Hussein ibn Ali, a military uprising demanding full independence for the Arab provinces in the Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans sentenced him to death in absentia and he fled to Europe where he coordinated nationalists activity between the politicians in exile and the underground in Syria. His comrades were hanged in public in Damascus and Beirut on May 6, 1916.
Political life.
When the Ottoman Empire was defeated in 1918, Mardam Bey returned to Syria. In 1919, he accompanied King Faisal I to the Paris Peace Conference and became Deputy to the Foreign Minister Abdul Rahman Shahbandar. Mardam Bey took part in the diplomatic talks between Syria and the French aimed at preventing the implementation of the French Mandate in the Middle East. Along with Shahbandar, Mardam Bey met with French General Henri Gouraud and tried to reach a compromise, but the talks ended in failure.
On July 24, 1920, Jamil Mardam Bey was sentenced to death by the French army after they had dethroned King Faisal. Mardam Bey fled to Jerusalem and remained there until the mandate authority issued an amnesty and allowed him back to Damascus in 1921. He became a member in the Iron Hand Society, an underground movement headed by Shahbandar. In May 1922, the French accused both him and Shahbandar of meeting in secret with envoys of the US government and striving to topple the French Mandate in Syria. Mandated authorities sentenced Shahbandar to twenty years in prison and banished Mardam Bey to Europe, where he remained until the French issued another amnesty in 1924.
Upon his return to Damascus, Jamil Mardam Bey joined the People's Party, the first modern party in French Mandate Syria. It was headed by Shahbandar and funded by King Faisal I, who by then had become the King of Iraq. The party worked to terminate the mandate and establish an Arab kingdom headed by a member of the Hashemite family – either Faisal or his brother, King Abdullah of Jordan.
In July 1925, the chieftain, Sultan al-Atrash, launched a military uprising against the French from Arab mountains. Shahbandar served as the revolt's mastermind and delegated Mardam Bey to channel funds from Amman and to recruit members into the rebel army from Damascus. He also smuggled weapons from Palestine and offered sanctuary to the Druze warriors in the Ghouta orchards that surrounded Damascus. Mardam Bey's orchards in Ghouta, known as Hosh al-Maban, became storehouses for arms and ammunition. In 1927, the revolt was crushed by the French Army and its leaders were sentenced to death, but all of them evaded arrest and fled into exile. Atrash and Shahbandar fled to Amman while Mardam Bey went to Jaffa, but he was arrested by British authorities, and extradited to the mandate authority in Syria. For one year, Mardam Bey was imprisoned in Arwad Island on the Syrian coast, but he was released by a general amnesty in 1928.
Mardam Bey then returned to Damascus and helped co-found the National Bloc in October 1927, the leading anti-French movement in Syria. The Bloc was to contest the leadership of Shahbandar and his People's Party in future years. The party was composed of politicians landowners, merchants, and lawyers who wanted to terminate the mandate through diplomatic means rather than armed resistance. Hashim Al-Atassi, a former prime minister under Faisal, became its president and appointed Mardam Bey to a permanent member of its executive council. Mardam Bey nominated himself on a Bloc ticket for parliament in 1928, 1932, 1936, and 1943, winning in every round. In 1932, he became minister of Finance in the cabinet of Prime Minister Haqqi Al-Azm.
In 1936, Jamil Mardam Bey helped orchestrate a sixty-day strike in Syria where the whole of Syrian society closed down in protest to French policies. The strike turned violent, claimed lives on both sides, and forced the French to acknowledge the National Bloc leaders as the true representation of the Syrian people. A senior Bloc delegation was invited to Paris for independence talks in March–September 1936. Mardam Bey accompanied Hashim al-Atassi to France and was the principle architect of an agreement that guaranteed independence for Syria over a twenty-five year period. In exchange for independence, the National Bloc agreed to give France numerous political, economic, and military privileges in Syria and support her in the Middle East if another deadly war were to break out in Europe. The Bloc returned to Syria in triumph and Atassi was elected president of the republic. In turn, Atassi called Jamil Mardam Bey to form a government on December 21, 1936.
The Atassi-Mardam Bey alliance was fraught with problems from the outset. Among other things, they faced disturbances in the Jazeera district of northeast Syria, where locals refused to submit to the new regime and demanded the autonomy that France had granted them in the 1920s. Other problems grew out of domestic opposition to Mardam Bey's former patron, Dr Abdul Rahman Shahbandar.
After spending twelve years in exile, the veteran nationalist Shahbandar returned to Syria in 1937 and expected to receive a government post in the new administration. Fearing that Shahbandar's popularity would sideline him, Mardam Bey refused to give him a position in the government and tried to control the activities of his former patron. When Shahbandar requested permission to open a political party, Mardam Bey also refused. Shahbandar criticized him, claiming that he was leading a dictorship in Syria. Mardam Bey responded by placing Shahbandar under house arrest at his summer resort in Bludan. When a bomb exploded in Mardam Bey's car, he immediately accused Shahbandar of the attempt of assassination, and ordered the arrest of Shahbandar's right hand man, Nasuh Babil, owner and publisher of the Damascus daily "Al-Ayyam".
Adding to Mardam Bey's worries was an evolving crisis with France, where the French reneged on the promised treaty, claiming that if war were to break out in Europe they would need to use their Middle Eastern colonies as strategic out-posts. Shahbandar criticized Mardam Bey's inability to get the French to honor the Treaty of 1936. Unable to implement this promised treaty, and facing mounting pressure from Shahbandar and the public, Jamil Mardam Bey resigned from office on February 23, 1939.
In July 1940, Adbdulrahman Shahbandar was murdered in Damascus, and his family accused Jamil Mardam Bey and the two Bloc leaders, Lutfi al-Haffar and Saadallah al-Jabiri, of the assassination. The accusations were backed by Bahij Bey Al-Khatib, the new head of state. Ex-Prime Minister Mardam Bey fled to Iraq, where Prime Minister Nuri as-Said gave him political asylum. Mardam Bey was tried in absentia, but was declared innocent of the charges and returned to Syria in 1941.
In 1943, Mardam Bey allied himself with the National Bloc leader, Shukri al-Quwatli, and they ran on a joint list for parliament. When Kuwatli was elected president in August 1943, he appointed Mardam Bey as minister of foreign affairs in the National Bloc cabinet of Prime Minister Saadallah al-Jabiri. Kuwatli co-authored the constitution of the Arab League and laid out its infrastructure with the league's secretary-general, Abdulrahman Azzam.
In November 1944, Jamil Mardam Bey became minister of foreign affairs, economy, defense, and deputy to Prime Minister Fares Al-Khoury. Mardam Bey held all four positions until August 1945. He led diplomatic talks with the French and tried to secure a treaty, similar to the one of 1936 that guaranteed independence for Syria. This time, however, he refused to grant any privileges to the French in Syria.
On May 29, 1945, French General Charles de Gaulle ordered an air raid on Damascus and demanded the arrest of President Kuwatli, Acting Prime Minister Jamil Mardam Bey, and Saadallah Al-Jabiri, the speaker of parliament. All three of them were charged with obstructing French interest in the Middle East. In the Damascus air raid, the French destroyed the Syrian parliament and the ministry of defense. French troops raided Mardam Bey's private office, confiscated all official documents, and burned the office down.
When Syria achieved independence on April 17, 1946, Jamil Mardam Bey began grooming himself for the upcoming elections and had his eyes set on the presidency. In a bid at curbing his influence, president Kuwatli appointed him ambassador to Egypt and then Saudi Arabia. In 1947, however, Prime Minister Saadallah Al-Jabiri died and left a vacuum at the premiership. Unable to find a suitable substitute, Kuwatli called on Mardam Bey to form a government on October 5, 1947. Mardam Bey created his second cabinet from former members of the National Bloc who has transformed the Bloc into the National Party. He appointed Munir al-Ajlani Minister of Education. Mardam Bey appointed himself minister of foreign affairs and health. When, on May 26, 1948, Defense Minister Ahmad Al-Sharabati resigned from office, Mardam Bey took over the Ministry of Defense as well.
Arab-Israeli War.
Mardam Bey ruled Syria with President Shukri al-Quwatli during the first Arab-Israeli War of 1948. The war defeat damaged Mardam Bey's credibility among conservatives who accused him of poor leadership at the war front. Accusations were fired at him from different opposition parties, including the Baath Party of Michel Aflaq, which claimed that Mardam Bey had profiteered at the army's expense. Mardam Bey was also accused, along with ex-Defense Minister Ahmad Al-Sharabati and Finance Minister Wehbe al-Harriri, of having purchased arms at inflated prices and then pocketing the difference. Mardam Bey also clashed with the officers, accusing Chief of Staff Husni al-Za'im of inefficiency in battle and calling for his dismissal from office.
When anti-Mardam Bey riots took over Syria, the prime minister responded with force, declaring martial law, appointing himself military governor, and arresting prominent critics like Michel Aflaq. He then ordered the army to keep order on the streets and had many demonstrators arrested in Damascus and Aleppo. Under advice from President Kuwatli, however, Mardam Bey resigned from office on August 22, 1948. He then announced his resignation from political life and warned that ruling Syria would be difficult in the face of the army-civilian divide at home and the Israeli threat on Syria's border.
Later life.
Jamil Mardam Bey spent the remainder of his years between Egypt and Saudi Arabia, living in self-imposed exile. He was an honored guest of the courts of King Farouk and King Abdulaziz. He made friends with the officers who came to power in Cairo in July 1952, as well as senior members of the Saudi Royal family. in 1955, President Gamal Abdel Nasser asked Mardam Bey to run for presidential office in Syria, claiming that Cairo would support his candidacy, but the ex-prime minister declined the offer for health reasons. Jamil Mardam Bey died in Cairo in 1960 and was buried in Damascus.
References.
Sami Moubayed "Steel & Silk: Men and Women Who Shaped Syria 1900-2000" (Cune Press, Seattle, 2005)
Khoury, Philip S. Syria and the French Mandate: The Politics of Arab Nationalism, 1920 - 1945. Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19376132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376132" title="Strike for cause">
Strike for cause

Strike for cause (also referred to as challenge for cause or removal for cause) is a method of eliminating potential members from a jury panel in the United States.
During the jury selection process, after voir dire, opposing attorneys may request removal of any juror who does not appear capable of rendering a fair and impartial verdict, in either determining guilt or innocence and/or a suitable punishment. An example would be a potential juror in a murder case, where the sentencing options include the death penalty and a lesser sentence (such as life without parole), who states that s/he "would sentence a defendant to death if found guilty"; such a statement may indicate the person's unwillingness to fairly consider a life without parole sentence.
Unlike a peremptory challenge (the number of which are limited by the court during voir dire, and unless a Batson challenge is raised the challenge is automatically granted) there is no limit to the number of strikes for cause that attorneys on either side of a case can be granted. However, also unlike a peremptory challenge, a strike for cause must state a specific reason (in the example above, the reason would be the juror's bias against a non-death penalty sentence) and be granted by the trial judge; often both attorneys and sometimes the judge will question the juror being challenged.
If one attorney moves to strike a juror for cause but the judge rejects the motion, the attorney may still use a peremptory challenge (if s/he has any remaining) to strike the juror, and on appeal may raise a claim that the motion should have been granted but, because it was not, the attorney had to either use a peremptory challenge or seat a biased juror.

</doc>
<doc id="19376134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376134" title="2005 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
2005 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 2005 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 33rd edition of the event known that year as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP International Series Gold of the 2005 ATP Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from February 14 through February 20, 2005.
The singles draw was led by World No. 1, reigning Wimbledon, US Open and Tennis Masters Cup champion, Australian Open semifinalist, Doha titlist Roger Federer, French Open runner-up, Umag winner Guillermo Coria, and US Open semifinalist Tim Henman. Also present were Australian Open quarterfinalist David Nalbandian, Adelaide and Marseille champion Joachim Johansson, Nikolay Davydenko, Dominik Hrbatý and Feliciano López.

</doc>
<doc id="19376135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376135" title="The Wind Boy">
The Wind Boy

The Wind Boy is a fantasy book by Ethel Cook Eliot. The book was originally published in 1923, and went out of print. This book was published again in 1945 and 1996. It is recommended for children aged 9–10.
Plot summary.
The novel is about a boy named Kay and a girl named Gentian who are foreign children and somewhat of outcasts in their village. They live with their mother and wait for their father to come to them from their home country. At the beginning of the book, a mysterious girl named Nan appears in their village, responding to a woman's advertisement requesting a "general housework girl". Nan is able to bring the children into the Clear Land, a world that mirrors their own. In the Clear Land, they each purchase a pair of Clear Land sandals and meet The Wind Boy, a handsome boy with purple wings.
They learn that The Wind Boy once owned a horrible mask, but now it's in the hands of someone else. Now that person is going around scaring children. Until The Wind Boy is able to find and destroy the mask, he cannot have shoes of his own and is the outcast of the Clear Land. Only Gentian, who feels sorry for him, is friends with The Wind Boy.
Kay and Gentian's mother Detra is a sculptor who is trying to make a statuette of The Wind Boy. She visits the Clear Land herself without really knowing it, where she is seen through a clear pool of water. While there, she tells The Wind Boy stories, so that he can smile and she can perfect the statuette. After seeing a starry cloak that Nan has, Gentian is allowed to visit the Clear Land to make her own. The children continue visit the Clear Land quite a few times, once during a punishment in school.
The house next door to the children's home belongs to a famous Artist and his granddaughter, Rosemarie. Rosemarie is very pretty and Kay wishes that he could play with her, however Rosemarie is home-schooled and constantly in the charge of a strict governess.
Kay eventually finds out the masked person is actually Rosemarie, who was lonely and used the mask to disguise herself while she explored the village. Kay tells Rosemarie about The Wind Boy and she agrees to leave the mask for him to destroy (Rosemarie had no idea that she had frightened people so much with the mask). Shortly after, a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it. Nan throws the mask into the air where The Wind Boy destroys it. She then visits Rosemarie in the middle of the night and persuades the girl to confess to her grandfather about wearing the mask. Rosemarie does so and her grandfather decides to send her to the village school so that she will have friends.
Rosemarie quickly befriends Kay and Gentian in the school and the children's mother is able to finish The Wind Boy statuette. The Artist likes it so much that he purchases it from her and arranges to have a larger bronze version constructed. Gentian is sad because she is unable to reach The Wind Boy and fears that now that he is no longer an outcast he would not wish to be her friend. She finally realizes that The Wind Boy would never abandon her and finds him again. He tells her that he could not see her when she didn't believe in him as a friend and the two leave to explore the Clear Land.
At the end of the story, Nan announces that she is going to return to her home in the mountains. The children are sad, but Nan explains to them that if she doesn't go home, they can't possibly come to visit her. As Nan leaves, Kay and Gentian's father returns.

</doc>
<doc id="19376139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376139" title="Amarpatti, Bara">
Amarpatti, Bara

Amarpatti is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,201 persons residing in 434 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19376142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376142" title="Gregory and the Hawk">
Gregory and the Hawk

Meredith Godreau is an American singer-songwriter performing under the pseudonym Gregory and the Hawk. Active since 2003, Godreau initially enjoyed independent success with 2 EPs and a full length album selling a total of 15,000 copies.
Early life.
Originally from Medfield, Massachusetts, Godreau moved to Potsdam, New York when she was twelve. This was where she learned a number of instruments, including piano, clarinet, oboe, violin and viola before settling on her "$70 Christmas gift": the guitar.
Career.
Godreau then took on the pseudonym Gregory and the Hawk in 2003 to avoid being pigeonholed as a singer-songwriter, despite citing her influences as Nick Drake, Liz Phair and PJ Harvey. The name was derived from her brother, Gregory, and his imaginary childhood hawk.
Demo EP.
This was when she released her demo EP, including early versions of "Boats and Birds" and "Isabelle". When asked about going by her real name, Godreau responds, "There is no reason for it. But, I’d walk by places and it’d say ‘Playing Tonight – Joe Jones’ and I think that was super-boring and I’d never want to go to that show".
Godreau began playing solo shows in small venues around New England until 2005 when she met Mike McGuire in New York. The two played live shows together for several months before bassist Jeff Ratner and drummer Adam Christgau (both of New York band Paper And Sand) joined the band. The four of them recorded the "Boats and Birds" EP.
"Boats and Birds" EP.
In 2006, Gregory and the Hawk self released the "Boats and Birds" EP as a home-studio project containing the songs "Isabelle" and "Boats and Birds". Both songs received a great amount of attention on social networking website MySpace, increasing Gregory and the Hawk's popularity. Soon after the release, the four friends moved apart, and so Godreau began playing live with just Ratner on upright bass, and herself on acoustic guitar and vocals.
FatCat Records.
"In Your Dreams", Gregory and the Hawk's first full length album, was self released the following year with Mike McGuire and Susan Ambrose as the only other players. The album received many positive reviews but it wasn't until a show in Godreau's native Brooklyn that FatCat Records stumbled across her. Before Gregory and the Hawk was signed, Godreau already sold 15,000 copies of her demos and full length album, had 18 pages of cover versions on YouTube, and had several solo shows. As stated by FatCat Records, " discovered our newest signing, Gregory and the Hawk, entirely by accident, whilst out one night at a bar in Brooklyn. An unknown band came on stage and Meredith Godreau began to sing, instantly stunning everyone in the room". A month later, she was in the studio recording her first FatCat single, "Ghost" and debut album, "Moenie and Kitchi", which were both released in September and October 2008, respectively.
During an interview with AU Magazine, Godreau was asked about her work with FatCat Records and responded, "I wasn’t really aiming to be on a record label, but now that I am, there have been so many great people that I’ve met in the last couple of years because of it that I would never, ever say that I wouldn’t want to have that. I’m very glad about the people I’ve met, and not necessarily the technicalities of being on a label".
"Moenie and Kitchi".
In the recording of "Moenie and Kitchi", many of the instruments were played by the album's producer, Adam Pierce (Mice Parade), with most vocals and guitars recorded simultaneously in just one take. Gregory and the Hawk took a three-continent tour for this album, taking in support slots for múm, The Album Leaf, Mice Parade, Frightened Rabbit, Asian Kung Fu Generation and other bands. "Moenie and Kitchi was not produced by me... and I really like it, but it wasn’t very personal to me. I wrote the songs but I felt like it was not something I could have made on my own," Godreau told AU Magazine. Godreau decided to create her most recent album back in her own garage/studio.
"Leche".
Godreau started working on "Leche" throughout the winter of 2009, writing and self-recording, then taking her music to a team of friends, engineers, and collaborators including Pierce, as well as Jeremy Backofen (Felice Brothers) and Rob Laakso (Amazing Baby, Diamond Nights, Mice Parade, Swirlies). Godreau writes, "it turned out the idea behind the album was about traveling all around - both physically and psychologically - and observing many different places, people, and behaviors but always from a detached perspective, never directly involved. Traveling was a major influence on the album, as was personal change and growth". The album was released in Canada and the United States on November 9, 2010 and in the UK and Europe on November 15, 2010.
"Come, Now".
Godreau's album "Come, Now", was released on June 5, 2012. Prior to release, three songs off her new album were posted on her website. Two of them, "Cause It's Cold" and "Been Too Long" had been posted in January 2012 while "First Flying V" had been posted in November 2011. "First Flying V" is available as a free downloaded and comes with a bonus track.
"Stone" EP.
The "Stone" EP, was released on November 20, 2012. The 6-track album contains heavy use of synthesized sounds, as well as tracks that did not make it on to "Come, Now".

</doc>
<doc id="19376148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376148" title="Stephen Hawking">
Stephen Hawking

Stephen William Hawking (; born 8 January 1942) is an English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, author and Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge. Among his significant scientific works have been a collaboration with Roger Penrose on gravitational singularity theorems in the framework of general relativity, and the theoretical prediction that black holes emit radiation, often called Hawking radiation. Hawking was the first to set forth a cosmology explained by a union of the general theory of relativity and quantum mechanics. He is a vocal supporter of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics.
Hawking is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, a lifetime member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award in the United States. Hawking was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge between 1979 and 2009.
Hawking has achieved success with works of popular science in which he discusses his own theories and cosmology in general; his "A Brief History of Time" stayed on the British "Sunday Times" best-sellers list for a record-breaking 237 weeks. Hawking has a motor neuron disease related to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a condition that has progressed over the years. He is almost entirely paralysed and communicates through a speech generating device. He married twice and has three children.
Early life and education.
Stephen Hawking was born on 8 January 1942 to Frank and Isobel Hawking. Despite their families' financial constraints, both parents attended the University of Oxford, where Frank studied medicine and Isobel, Philosophy, Politics and Economics. The two met shortly after the beginning of the Second World War at a medical research institute where she was working as a secretary and he as a medical researcher. They lived in Highgate, but as London was under attack in those years, his mother went to Oxford to give birth in greater safety. Stephen has two younger sisters, Philippa and Mary, and an adopted brother, Edward. He began his schooling at the Byron House School; he later blamed its "progressive methods" for his failure to learn to read while at the school.
In 1950, when his father became head of the division of parasitology at the National Institute for Medical Research, Hawking and his family moved to St Albans, Hertfordshire. The eight-year-old Hawking attended St Albans High School for Girls for a few months; at that time, younger boys could attend one of the houses. In St Albans, the family were considered highly intelligent and somewhat eccentric; meals were often spent with each person silently reading a book. They lived a frugal existence in a large, cluttered, and poorly maintained house, and travelled in a converted London taxicab. During one of Hawking's father's frequent absences working in Africa, the rest of the family spent four months in Majorca visiting his mother's friend Beryl and her husband, the poet Robert Graves. Politically, Hawking's mother had been "dissatisfied with a Parliamentary Monarchy, exploring alternatives by exposing herself to both fascist and communist ideologies and practices," and "had been a member of the Young Communist League." 
On their return to England, Hawking attended Radlett School for a year and from September 1952, St Albans School. The family placed a high value on education. Hawking's father wanted his son to attend the well-regarded Westminster School, but the 13-year-old Hawking was ill on the day of the scholarship examination. His family could not afford the school fees without the financial aid of a scholarship, so Hawking remained at St Albans. A positive consequence was that Hawking remained with a close group of friends with whom he enjoyed board games, the manufacture of fireworks, model aeroplanes and boats, and long discussions about Christianity and extrasensory perception. From 1958, and with the help of the mathematics teacher Dikran Tahta, they built a computer from clock parts, an old telephone switchboard and other recycled components. Although at school he was known as "Einstein," Hawking was not initially successful academically. With time, he began to show considerable aptitude for scientific subjects, and inspired by Tahta, decided to study mathematics at university. Hawking's father advised him to study medicine, concerned that there were few jobs for mathematics graduates. He wanted Hawking to attend University College, Oxford, his own alma mater. As it was not possible to read mathematics there at the time, Hawking decided to study physics and chemistry. Despite his headmaster's advice to wait until the next year, Hawking was awarded a scholarship after taking the examinations in March 1959.
University.
Hawking went to the University of Oxford in October 1959 at the age of 17. For the first 18 months, he was bored and lonely: he was younger than many other students, and found the academic work "ridiculously easy." His physics tutor Robert Berman later said, "It was only necessary for him to know that something could be done, and he could do it without looking to see how other people did it." A change occurred during his second and third year when, according to Berman, Hawking made more effort "to be one of the boys". He developed into a popular, lively and witty college member, interested in classical music and science fiction. Part of the transformation resulted from his decision to join the college Boat Club, where he coxed a rowing team. The rowing trainer at the time noted that Hawking cultivated a daredevil image, steering his crew on risky courses that led to damaged boats. Hawking has estimated that he studied about 1,000 hours during his three years at Oxford. These unimpressive study habits made sitting his Finals a challenge, and he decided to answer only theoretical physics questions rather than those requiring factual knowledge. A first-class honours degree was a condition of acceptance for his planned graduate study in cosmology at the University of Cambridge. Anxious, he slept poorly the night before the examinations and the final result was on the borderline between first- and second-class honours, making a "viva" necessary. Hawking was concerned that he was viewed as a lazy and difficult student, so when asked at the oral examination to describe his future plans, he said, "If you award me a First, I will go to Cambridge. If I receive a Second, I shall stay in Oxford, so I expect you will give me a First." He was held in higher regard than he believed: as Berman commented, the examiners "were intelligent enough to realise they were talking to someone far cleverer than most of themselves." After receiving a first-class BA (Hons.) degree, and following a trip to Iran with a friend, he began his graduate work at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, in October 1962.
Hawking's first year as a doctoral student was difficult. He was initially disappointed to find that he had been assigned Dennis William Sciama as a supervisor rather than Fred Hoyle, and he found his training in mathematics inadequate for work in general relativity and cosmology. He also struggled with his health. Hawking had experienced increasing clumsiness during his final year at Oxford, including a fall on some stairs and difficulties when rowing. As, "a student of science" he had been "unusually athletic, coxing for the University College’s Boat Club and participating in 'bumps.' Bumps are highly competitive boat rowing races between colleges, which involve bumping the boat ahead, rather than surpassing them, due to the narrowness of the river." Nevertheless, the problems worsened, and his speech became slightly slurred; his family noticed the changes when he returned home for Christmas and medical investigations were begun. The diagnosis of motor neurone disease came when Hawking was 21. At the time, doctors gave him a life expectancy of two years. After his diagnosis, Hawking fell into a depression; though his doctors advised that he continue with his studies, he felt there was little point. At the same time, however, his relationship with Jane Wilde, friend of his sister, and whom he had met shortly before his diagnosis, continued to develop. The couple were engaged in October 1964. Hawking later said that the engagement "gave him something to live for."
Despite the disease's progression—Hawking had difficulty walking without support, and his speech was almost unintelligible—he now returned to his work with enthusiasm. Hawking started developing a reputation for brilliance and brashness when he publicly challenged the work of Fred Hoyle and his student Jayant Narlikar at a lecture in June 1964.
When Hawking began his graduate studies, there was much debate in the physics community about the prevailing theories of the creation of the universe: the Big Bang and the Steady State theories. Inspired by Roger Penrose's theorem of a spacetime singularity in the centre of black holes, Hawking applied the same thinking to the entire universe, and during 1965 wrote up his thesis on this topic. There were other positive developments: Hawking received a research fellowship at Gonville and Caius College, and he and Jane were married on 14 July 1965. He obtained his D.Phil. degree in March 1966, and his essay entitled "Singularities and the Geometry of Space-Time" shared top honours with one by Penrose to win that year's Adams Prize.
Later life and career.
1966–1975.
The first years of marriage were hectic: Jane lived in London during the week as she completed her degree and they travelled to the United States several times for conferences and physics-related visits. The couple had difficulty finding housing that was within Hawking's walking distance to the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP). Jane began a Ph.D. program, and a son, Robert, was born in May 1967. In his work, and in collaboration with Penrose, Hawking extended the singularity theorem concepts first explored in his doctoral thesis. This included not only the existence of singularities but also the theory that the universe might have started as a singularity. Their joint essay was the runner-up in the 1968 Gravity Research Foundation competition. In 1970 they published a proof that if the universe obeys the general theory of relativity and fits any of the models of physical cosmology developed by Alexander Friedmann, then it must have begun as a singularity.
During the late 1960s, Hawking's physical abilities declined once more: he began to use crutches and ceased lecturing regularly. As he slowly lost the ability to write, he developed compensatory visual methods, including seeing equations in terms of geometry. The physicist Werner Israel later compared the achievements to Mozart composing an entire symphony in his head. Hawking was, however, fiercely independent and unwilling to accept help or make concessions for his disabilities. He preferred to be regarded as "a scientist first, popular science writer second, and, in all the ways that matter, a normal human being with the same desires, drives, dreams, and ambitions as the next person." Jane Hawking later noted that "Some people would call it determination, some obstinacy. I've called it both at one time or another." He required much persuasion to accept the use of a wheelchair at the end of the 1960s, but ultimately became notorious for the wildness of his wheelchair driving. Hawking was a popular and witty colleague, but his illness as well as his reputation for brashness and intelligence distanced him from some. In 1969, Hawking accepted a specially created 'Fellowship for Distinction in Science' to remain at Caius.
A daughter, Lucy, was born in 1970. Soon after Hawking discovered what became known as the second law of black hole dynamics, that the event horizon of a black hole can never get smaller. With James M. Bardeen and Brandon Carter, he proposed the four laws of black hole mechanics, drawing an analogy with thermodynamics. To Hawking's irritation, Jacob Bekenstein, a graduate student of John Wheeler, went further—and ultimately correctly—applying thermodynamic concepts literally. In the early 1970s, Hawking's work with Carter, Werner Israel and David C. Robinson strongly supported Wheeler's no-hair theorem that no matter what the original material from which a black hole is created it can be completely described by the properties of mass, electrical charge and rotation. His essay titled "Black Holes" won the Gravity Research Foundation Award in January 1971. Hawking's first book "The Large Scale Structure of Space-Time" written with George Ellis was published in 1973.
Beginning in 1973, Hawking moved into the study of quantum gravity and quantum mechanics. His work in this area was spurred by a visit to Moscow and discussions with Yakov Borisovich Zel'dovich and Alexei Starobinsky, whose work showed that according to the uncertainty principle rotating black holes emit particles. To Hawking's annoyance, his much-checked calculations produced findings that contradicted his second law, which claimed black holes could never get smaller, and supported Bekenstein's reasoning about their entropy. His results, which Hawking presented from 1974, showed that black holes emit radiation, known today as Hawking radiation, which may continue until they exhaust their energy and evaporate. Initially, Hawking radiation was controversial. However by the late 1970s and following the publication of further research, the discovery was widely accepted as a significant breakthrough in theoretical physics.
In March 1974, a few weeks after the announcement of Hawking radiation, Hawking was invested as a Fellow of the Royal Society, one of the youngest scientists to be so honoured.
Hawking rarely discussed his illness and physical challenges, even—in a precedent set during their courtship—with Jane. Hawking's disabilities meant that the responsibilities of home and family rested firmly on his wife's increasingly overwhelmed shoulders, leaving him more time to think about physics. When in 1974 Hawking was appointed to the Sherman Fairchild Distinguished Scholar visiting professorship at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), Jane proposed that a graduate or post-doctoral student live with them and help with his care. Hawking accepted, and Bernard Carr travelled to California with them as the first of many students who fulfilled this role. The family spent a generally happy and stimulating year in Pasadena. Hawking worked with his friend on the faculty, Kip Thorne, and engaged him in a scientific wager about whether the dark star Cygnus X-1 was a black hole. The wager was a surprising "insurance policy" against the proposition that black holes did not exist. Hawking acknowledged that he had lost the bet in 1990, which was the first of several that he was to make with Thorne and others. Hawking has maintained ties to Caltech, spending a month there almost every year since this first visit.
1975–1990.
Hawking returned to Cambridge in 1975 to a new home, a new job—as Reader. Don Page, with whom Hawking had begun a close friendship at Caltech, arrived to work as the live-in graduate student assistant. With Page's help and that of a secretary, Jane's responsibilities were reduced so she could return to her thesis and her new interest in singing.
The mid to late 1970s were a period of growing public interest in black holes and of the physicist who was studying them. Hawking was regularly interviewed for print and television. He also received increasing academic recognition of his work. In 1975 he was awarded both the Eddington Medal and the Pius XI Gold Medal, and in 1976 the Dannie Heineman Prize, the Maxwell Prize and the Hughes Medal. Hawking was appointed a professor with a chair in gravitational physics in 1977. The following year he received the Albert Einstein Medal and an honorary doctorate from the University of Oxford.
Hawking's speech deteriorated, and by the late 1970s he could only be understood by his family and closest friends. To communicate with others, someone who knew him well would translate his speech into intelligible speech. Spurred by a dispute with the university over who would pay for the ramp needed for him to enter his workplace, Hawking and his wife campaigned for improved access and support for those with disabilities in Cambridge, including adapted student housing at the university. In general, however, Hawking had ambivalent feelings about his role as a disability rights champion: while wanting to help others, he sought to detach himself from his illness and its challenges. His lack of engagement led to some criticism. The Hawking family welcomed a third child, Timothy, in April 1979. That autumn Hawking was appointed the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge.
Hawking's inaugural lecture as Lucasian Professor of Mathematics was titled: "Is the end in sight for Theoretical Physics" and proposed N=8 Supergravity as the leading theory to solve many of the outstanding problems physicists were studying. Hawking's promotion coincided with a health crisis which led to Hawking accepting, albeit reluctantly, some nursing services at home. At the same time he was also making a transition in his approach to physics, becoming more intuitive and speculative rather than insisting on mathematical proofs. "I would rather be right than rigorous" he told Kip Thorne. In 1981 he proposed that information in a black hole is irretrievably lost when a black hole evaporates. This information paradox violates the fundamental tenet of quantum mechanics, and was to lead to years of debate, including "the Black Hole War" with Leonard Susskind and Gerard 't Hooft.
In December 1977, Jane had met organist Jonathan Hellyer Jones when singing in a church choir. Hellyer Jones became close to the Hawking family, and by the mid-1980s, he and Jane had developed romantic feelings for each other. According to Jane, her husband was accepting of the situation, stating "he would not object so long as I continued to love him." Jane and Hellyer Jones determined not to break up the family and their relationship remained platonic for a long period.
Cosmological inflation—a theory proposing that following the Big Bang the universe initially expanded incredibly rapidly before settling down to a slower expansion—was proposed by Alan Guth and also developed by Andrei Linde. Following a conference in Moscow in October 1981, Hawking and Gary Gibbons organized a three-week Nuffield Workshop in the summer of 1982 on the Very Early Universe at Cambridge University, which focused mainly on inflation theory. Hawking also began a new line of quantum theory research into the origin of the universe. In 1981 at a Vatican conference he presented work suggesting that there might be no boundary—or beginning or ending—to the universe. He subsequently developed the research in collaboration with Jim Hartle, and in 1983 they published a model, known as the Hartle–Hawking state. It proposed that prior to the Planck epoch, the universe had no boundary in space-time; before the Big Bang, time did not exist and the concept of the beginning of the universe is meaningless. The initial singularity of the classical Big Bang models was replaced with a region akin to the North Pole. One cannot travel north of the North Pole, but there is no boundary there—it is simply the point where all north-running lines meet and end. Initially the no-boundary proposal predicted a closed universe which had implications about the existence of God. As Hawking explained "If the universe has no boundaries but is self-contained... then God would not have had any freedom to choose how the universe began."
Hawking did not rule out the existence of a Creator, asking in "A Brief History of Time" "Is the unified theory so compelling that it brings about its own existence?" In his early work, Hawking spoke of God in a metaphorical sense. In "A Brief History of Time" he wrote: "If we discover a complete theory, it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason—for then we should know the mind of God."
In the same book he suggested the existence of God was unnecessary to explain the origin of the universe. Later discussions with Neil Turok led to the realisation that it is also compatible with an open universe.
Further work by Hawking in the area of arrows of time led to the 1985 publication of a paper theorising that if the no-boundary proposition were correct, then when the universe stopped expanding and eventually collapsed, time would run backwards. A paper by Don Page and Raymond Laflamme led Hawking to withdraw this concept.
Honours continued to be awarded: in 1981 he was awarded the American Franklin Medal, and in 1982 made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). Awards do not pay the bills, however, and motivated by the need to finance the children's education and home expenses, in 1982 Hawking determined to write a popular book about the universe that would be accessible to the general public. Instead of publishing with an academic press, he signed a contract with Bantam Books, a mass market publisher, and received a large advance for his book. A first draft of the book, called "A Brief History of Time", was completed in 1984.
During a visit to CERN in Geneva in the summer of 1985, Hawking contracted pneumonia which in his condition was life-threatening; he was so ill that Jane was asked if life support should be terminated. She refused but the consequence was a tracheotomy, which would require round-the-clock nursing care, and remove what remained of his speech. The National Health Service would pay for a nursing home but Jane was determined that he would live at home. The cost of the care was funded by an American foundation. Nurses were hired for the three shifts required to provide the round-the-clock support he required. One of those employed was Elaine Mason, who was to become Hawking's second wife. For his communication, Hawking initially raised his eyebrows to choose letters on a spelling card. But he then received a computer program called the "Equalizer" from Walt Woltosz. In a method he uses to this day, using a switch he selects phrases, words or letters from a bank of about 2500–3000 that are scanned. The program was originally run on a desktop computer. However, Elaine Mason's husband David, a computer engineer, adapted a small computer and attached it to his wheelchair. Released from the need to use somebody to interpret his speech, Hawking commented that "I can communicate better now than before I lost my voice." The voice he uses has an American accent and is no longer produced. Despite the availability of other voices, Hawking has retained his original voice, saying that he prefers his current voice and identifies with it. At this point, Hawking activated a switch using his hand and could produce up to 15 words a minute. Lectures were prepared in advance, and sent to the speech synthesiser in short sections as they were delivered.
One of the first messages Hawking produced with his speech generating device was a request for his assistant to help him finish writing "A Brief History of Time". Peter Guzzardi, his editor at Bantam, pushed him to explain his ideas clearly in non-technical language, a process that required multiple revisions from an increasingly irritated Hawking. The book was published in April 1988 in the US and in June in the UK, and proved to be an extraordinary success, rising quickly to the top of bestseller lists in both countries and remaining there for weeks and months. The book was translated into multiple languages, and ultimately sold an estimated 9 million copies. Media attention was intense, and Newsweek magazine cover and a television special both described him as "Master of the Universe". Success led to significant financial rewards, but also the challenges of celebrity status. Hawking travelled extensively to promote his work, and enjoyed partying and dancing into the small hours. He had difficulty refusing the invitations and visitors which left limited time for work and his students. Some colleagues were resentful of the attention Hawking received, feeling it was due to his disability. He received further academic recognition, including five further honorary degrees, the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society (1985), the Paul Dirac Medal (1987) and, jointly with Penrose, the prestigious Wolf Prize (1988). In 1989, he was named a Companion of Honour by Queen Elizabeth II.
1990–2000.
Hawking's marriage had been strained for many years. Jane felt overwhelmed by the intrusion into their family life of the required nurses and assistants. The impact of his celebrity was challenging for colleagues and family members, and in one interview Jane described her role as "simply to tell him that he's not God." Hawking's agnostic views of religion also contrasted with her strong Christian faith, and resulted in tension. In the late 1980s Hawking had grown close to one of his nurses, Elaine Mason, to the dismay of some colleagues, caregivers and family members who were disturbed by her strength of personality and protectiveness. Hawking told Jane that he was leaving her for Elaine, and departed the family home in February 1990. Following his divorce from Jane in the spring of 1995, Hawking married Elaine in September, declaring "It's wonderful—I have married the woman I love."
Hawking pursued his work in physics: in 1993 he co-edited a book on Euclidean quantum gravity with Gary Gibbons, and published a collected edition of his own articles on black holes and the Big Bang. In 1994 at Cambridge's Newton Institute, Hawking and Penrose delivered a series of six lectures, which were published in 1996 as "The Nature of Space and Time". In 1997 he conceded a 1991 public scientific wager made with Kip Thorne and John Preskill of Caltech. Hawking had bet that Penrose's proposal of a "cosmic censorship conjecture"—that there could be no "naked singularities" unclothed within a horizon—was correct. After discovering his concession might have been premature, a new, more refined, wager was made. This specified that such singularities would occur without extra conditions. The same year, Thorne, Hawking and Preskill made another bet, this time concerning the black hole information paradox. Thorne and Hawking argued that since general relativity made it impossible for black holes to radiate and lose information, the mass-energy and information carried by Hawking Radiation must be "new", and not from inside the black hole event horizon. Since this contradicted the quantum mechanics of microcausality, quantum mechanics theory would need to be rewritten. Preskill argued the opposite, that since quantum mechanics suggests that the information emitted by a black hole relates to information that fell in at an earlier time, the concept of black holes given by general relativity must be modified in some way.
Hawking also maintained his public profile, including bringing science to a wider audience. In 1992 a film version of "A Brief History of Time"—directed by Errol Morris and produced by Steven Spielberg—was premiered. Hawking had wanted the film to be scientific rather than biographical, but was persuaded otherwise. The film, while a critical success, was however not widely released. A popular-level collection of essays, interviews and talk titled "Black Holes and Baby Universes and Other Essays" was published in 1993 and six-part television series Stephen Hawking's Universe and companion book appeared in 1997. As Hawking insisted, this time the focus was entirely on science. He also made several appearances in popular media. At the release party for the home video version of the "A Brief History of Time", Leonard Nimoy, who had played Spock on "Star Trek", learnt that Hawking was interested in appearing on the show. Nimoy made the necessary contact and Hawking appeared as himself on "" in 1993. The same year, his synthesiser voice was recorded for the Pink Floyd song "Keep Talking", and in 1999 for an appearance on The Simpsons.
In the 1990s, Hawking accepted more openly the mantle of role model for disabled people, including lecturing on the subject and participating in fundraising activities. At the turn of the century, he and eleven other luminaries signed the ""Charter for the Third Millennium on Disability"" which called on governments to prevent disability and protect disabled rights. In 1999 Hawking was awarded the Julius Edgar Lilienfeld Prize of the American Physical Society. The same year, Jane Hawking published a memoir, "Music to Move the Stars", describing her marriage to Hawking and its breakdown. Its revelations caused a sensation in the media, but as was his usual practice regarding his personal life, Hawking made no public comment except to say that he did not read biographies about himself.
2000–present.
Hawking continued his writings for a popular audience, publishing "The Universe in a Nutshell" in 2001, and "A Briefer History of Time" which he wrote in 2005 with Leonard Mlodinow to update his earlier works to make them accessible to a wider audience, and "God Created the Integers", which appeared in 2006.
Along with Thomas Hertog at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) and Jim Hartle, from 2006 on Hawking developed a theory of "top-down cosmology", which says that the universe had not one unique initial state but many different ones, and therefore that it is inappropriate to formulate a theory that predicts the universe's current configuration from one particular initial state. Top-down cosmology posits that the present "selects" the past from a superposition of many possible histories. In doing so, the theory suggests a possible resolution of the fine-tuning question.
In 2006 Hawking and Elaine quietly divorced, following which Hawking resumed closer relationships with Jane, his children and grandchildren. Reflecting this happier period a revised version of Jane's book called "Travelling to Infinity, My Life with Stephen" appeared in 2007. That year Hawking and his daughter Lucy published "George's Secret Key to the Universe", a children's book designed to explain theoretical physics in an accessible fashion and featuring characters similar to those in the Hawking family. The book was followed by sequels in 2009 and 2011.
Hawking continued to feature regularly on the screen: documentaries entitled ""The Real Stephen Hawking"" (2001) and ""Stephen Hawking: Profile"" (2002), a TV film "Hawking" about the period around the onset of Hawking's illness (2004), and a documentary series "Stephen Hawking, Master of the Universe" (2008). Hawking made further appearances in animated form on "The Simpsons", and "Futurama" in which he does his own voice acting, and in person on "The Big Bang Theory".
Hawking continued to travel widely, including trips to Chile, Easter Island, South Africa and Spain (to receive the Fonseca Prize in 2008) Canada and multiple trips to the United States. For practical reasons related to his disability Hawking increasingly travelled by private jet, and by 2011 that had become his only mode of international travel.
Over the years, Hawking maintained his public profile with a series of attention-getting and often controversial statements: he has asserted that computer viruses were a form of life, that humans should use genetic engineering to avoid being outsmarted by computers, and that aliens likely exist and contact with them should be avoided. Hawking has expressed his concerns that life on earth is at risk due to "a sudden nuclear war, a genetically engineered virus or other dangers we have not yet thought of". He views spaceflight and the colonisation of space as necessary for the future of humanity. Motivated by the desire to increase public interest in spaceflight and to show the potential of people with disabilities, in 2007 he participated in zero-gravity flight in a "Vomit Comet", courtesy of Zero Gravity Corporation, during which he experienced weightlessness eight times.
In the area of physics, by 2003, consensus was growing that Hawking was wrong about the loss of information in a black hole. In a 2004 lecture in Dublin, the physicist conceded his 1997 bet with Preskill, but described his own, somewhat controversial solution, to the information paradox problem, involving the possibility that black holes have more than one topology. In the 2005 paper he published on the subject, he argued that the information paradox was explained by examining all the alternative histories of universes, with the information loss in those with black holes being cancelled out by those without. In January 2014 he called this his "biggest blunder." 
As part of another longstanding scientific dispute, Hawking had emphatically argued, and bet, that the Higgs Boson would never be found. The particle, proposed to exist as part of the Higgs Field theory by Peter Higgs in 1964, became discoverable with the advent of the Fermilab near Chicago and the Large Electron Positron and the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. Hawking and Higgs engaged in a heated and public debate over the matter in 2002 and again in 2008, with Higgs criticising Hawking's work and complaining that Hawking's "celebrity status gives him instant credibility that others do not have." The particle was discovered at CERN in July 2012: Hawking quickly conceded that he had lost his bet and said that Higgs should win the Nobel Prize for Physics.
In 2007 he posed this open question on the Internet: “In a world that is in chaos politically, socially and environmentally, how can the human race sustain another 100 years?” A month later he confessed: “I don’t know the answer. That is why I asked the question, to get people to think about it, and to be aware of the dangers we now face.” The Guardian, Britain.
Hawking's disease-related deterioration has continued, and in 2005 he began to control his communication device with movements of his cheek muscles, with a rate of about one word per minute. With this decline there is a risk of him acquiring locked-in syndrome, so Hawking is collaborating with researchers on systems that could translate Hawking's brain patterns or facial expressions into switch activations. By 2009 he could no longer drive his wheelchair independently. He has increased breathing difficulties, requiring a ventilator at times, and has been hospitalized several times.
In 2002, following a UK-wide vote, the BBC included him in their list of the 100 Greatest Britons. Hawking was awarded the Copley Medal from the Royal Society (2006), America's highest civilian honour, the Presidential Medal of Freedom (2009), and the Russian Fundamental Physics Prize (2012).
As required by university regulations, Hawking retired as Lucasian Professor of Mathematics in 2009. Despite suggestions that he might leave the United Kingdom as a protest against public funding cuts to basic scientific research, Hawking has continued to work as director of research at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics, and has indicated no plans to retire.
Hawking has stated that he is "not religious in the normal sense" and he believes that "the universe is governed by the laws of science. The laws may have been decreed by God, but God does not intervene to break the laws." In an interview published in "The Guardian", Hawking regarded the concept of Heaven as a myth, believing that there is "no heaven or afterlife" and that such a notion was a "fairy story for people afraid of the dark."
In 2011, when narrating the first episode of the American television series "Curiosity" on the Discovery Channel, Hawking declared:
At Google's Zeitgeist Conference in 2011, Hawking said that "philosophy is dead." He believes that philosophers "have not kept up with modern developments in science" and that scientists "have become the bearers of the torch of discovery in our quest for knowledge." He said that philosophical problems can be answered by science, particularly new scientific theories which "lead us to a new and very different picture of the universe and our place in it".
In August 2012 Hawking narrated the "Enlightenment" segment of the 2012 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony. In 2013, the biographical documentary film "Hawking", in which Hawking himself is featured, was released. In September 2013, he expressed support for the legalization of assisted suicide for the terminally ill.
Awards and honours.
Hawking has received numerous awards and honours. In 1974 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS). His nomination reads
During his career Hawking has supervised 39 successful PhD students.
Bibliography.
Children's fiction.
Co-written with his daughter Lucy.

</doc>
<doc id="19376150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376150" title="StraightLine HDD">
StraightLine HDD

StraightLine HDD, formerly StraightLine Manufacturing, Inc., is an American corporation which designs and builds tooling and equipment for the Directional Drilling industry. The company's products include directional drills, mud mixing systems, air hammers and a full line of down hole tools, wear parts and accessories for all brands of directional drill rigs.
Established in Wichita, Kansas on January 1, 1984 the company was called "StraightLine Manufacturing, Inc." for its first 19 years.
Today StraightLine HDD has directional drilling equipment, tools and accessories operating in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Malaysia, China, Australia, India, Poland, Ukraine and the Russian Federation.
History.
1984 to 1988: The early years.
StraightLine Manufacturing, Inc. is founded in Wichita, Kansas. During this time the company launches its family of rotary tools and introduces a dry bore solution.
1989 to 2002: Entering the HDD market.
StraightLine entered the HDD market with the introduction of its line of DirectLine drills in 1989. In 1991 the company moved to a . facility in Newton, Kansas, and opened a new engineering/technical support facility on the grounds.
2003 to Present: Acquisition by Finco Inc..
StraightLine was acquired by privately held Finco Inc. d/b/a in 2003. Finco Inc. rebranded the company as StraightLine HDD and relocated the company to a new . manufacturing plant in Hutchinson, Kansas.
Patents.
StraightLine HDD has been awarded four US Patents:

</doc>
<doc id="19376171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376171" title="The Slicing of the Demon">
The Slicing of the Demon

The Slicing of the Demon is a Hong Kong television series produced by TVB. It was released overseas in March 2007.
Synopsis.
During the Ming Dynasty, executioner To Sei-hoi and his god-brother, Shui Yu-chan, a doctor, accidentally enter the town of Cheung Lung. Cheung Lung appears to be a happy and peaceful place. However, underneath the facade, it's hiding a very big secret.
The brothers meet the town's wealthiest man Fok Tin-ming, as well as his stubborn and unreasonable daughter, Fok Sin-yiu. By mistake, Hoi and Yiu get married and become husband and wife. Suddenly, a number of murders happen in the town. While investigating, Hoi discovers that he and Chan are being caught in a trap. It turns out that there's someone behind the scenes pulling the strings. But, who is it? Is it a god? A person? The unknown causes immense fear in people...

</doc>
<doc id="19376187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376187" title="Frank Okell">
Frank Okell

The Rt Rev.Frank Jackson Okell was the inaugural Bishop of Stockport whose 11 month tenure from November 1949, until October 1950, was one of the shortest in the Anglican Communion.
Born on 3 February 1887 he was educated at Rugby School and Trinity College, Oxford. Ordained in 1914 he was a curate at Bolsterstone before wartime service as a temporary chaplain. Following the Armistice he was a "Minor Canon" at Sheffield Cathedral then Rector of Bangor Monachorum. A sideways move to Eccleston, Cheshire led to promotion to be Rural Dean of Malpas and finally, before his elevation to the Episcopate, Archdeacon of Macclesfield. He died on 7 October 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19376201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376201" title="Lakavica">
Lakavica

Lakavica, or Kriva Lakavica (), is a river in the east-central part of the Republic of Macedonia, in Štip municipality. It is a tributary of the Bregalnica River, the second largest river in country. The Lakavica Valley is very fertile and dotted with villages and farms. 
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19376205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376205" title="Yasamal raion">
Yasamal raion

Yasamal is a settlement and raion in Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 233,600.

</doc>
<doc id="19376216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376216" title="Regla Leyén">
Regla Leyén

Regla Leyén Zulueta (born November 3, 1979) is a female judoka from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the women's middleweight division (– 70 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. In the final she defeated USA's Christina Yannetsos.

</doc>
<doc id="19376224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376224" title="Skull-Face">
Skull-Face

Skull-Face is a story written by Robert E. Howard, which appeared as a serial in Weird Tales magazine, beginning in October 1929, and ending in December, 1929. The story stars a character called Steve Costigan but this is not Howard's recurring character, Sailor Steve Costigan.
Plot.
The story begins with Steve Costigan drearily waking in Yu Shantu's Temple of Dreams, a hashish den in the city of London, England. He has been re-occurring dreams of something he calls "Skull Face", and is puzzled about their meanings. He is broke, and in need of more hashish, the drug he is addicted to. When confronted by the doorman, Hassim, Costigan informs him of his lack of funds. Hassim promptly throws him out through the front door to the den. Bruised and bleeding, Costigan is helped to his feet by a young woman, Zulieka.

</doc>
<doc id="19376228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376228" title="Öland Roots">
Öland Roots

Öland Roots is an annual reggae music festival on Öland, Sweden. It has been held since 2004 in June or July with about 2 000 visitors. 
The festival is known to be comparatively calm with little violence, but there are often arrests for drug use.

</doc>
<doc id="19376235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376235" title="Prioritarianism">
Prioritarianism

Prioritarianism or the priority view is a view within ethics and political philosophy that holds that the goodness of an outcome is a function of overall well-being across all individuals "with extra weight given to worse-off individuals". Prioritarianism thus resembles utilitarianism. Indeed, like utilitarianism, prioritarianism is a form of aggregative consequentialism; however, it differs from utilitarianism in that it does not rank outcomes "solely" on the basis of overall well-being. 
The term "prioritarianism" was coined by moral philosopher Larry Temkin in an effort to explicate the theory's non-egalitarian form. Richard Arneson, a proponent of the view, offers the following precise formulation: 
Prioritarianism holds that the moral value of achieving a benefit for an individual (or avoiding a loss) is greater, the greater the size of the benefit as measured by a well-being scale, and greater, the lower the person's level of well-being over the course of her life apart
from receipt of this benefit.
Like utilitarians, prioritarians believe we ought to maximize moral value or goodness, with the proviso that the latter consists in more than just overall well-being. Prioritarianism says that benefits to the worse off matter more than benefits to the better off.
Distinction from utilitarianism.
To further sharpen the difference between utilitarianism and prioritarianism, imagine a two-person society: its only members are Jim and Pam. Jim has an extremely high level of well-being, is rich, and lives a blissed-out existence. Pam, by contrast, has an extremely low
level of well-being, is in extreme poverty, living a hellish existence. Now imagine that we have some free resources (say, $10,000) that we may distribute to the members of this society as we see fit. Under normal circumstances, due to the diminishing marginal utility of money, the $10,000 will generate more well-being for Pam than it will for Jim. 
Thus, under normal circumstances, a utilitarian would recommend giving the resources to Pam. However, imagine that Jim, for whatever reason, although already filthy rich and very well-off, would gain just as much well-being by receiving the $10,000 as would Pam. Now, since it makes no
difference in terms of overall well-being who gets the $10,000, utilitarians would say it makes no difference at all who gets the $10,000. Prioritarians, by contrast, would say that it is better to benefit Pam, the worse off individual.
Advantages of prioritarianism.
Prioritarianism does not merely serve as a "tie-breaker" (as in the case above), but it can go against overall utility. Imagine choosing between two outcomes: In outcome 1, Jim's well-being level is 110 (blissful); Pam's is -73 (hellish); overall well-being is 37. In outcome 2, Jim's well-being level is 23; Pam's well-being level is 13; overall well-being is 36. Prioritarians would say that outcome 2 is better or more desirable than outcome 1 despite being lower than outcome 1 in terms of overall well-being. Bringing Pam up by 86 is weightier than bringing Jim down by 87. If we could move from a society described by outcome 1 to one described by outcome 2, we ought to. Prioritarianism is arguably more consistent with commonsense moral thinking than utilitarianism when it comes to these kinds of cases, especially because of the prioritarian's emphasis on compassion. 
It is also arguably more consistent with common sense than radical forms of egalitarianism that "only" value equality. Such a view might say that if the only way to achieve equality is by bringing Jim down from 110 to -73, then we ought to do this. Prioritarianism does not accord any intrinsic value to equality of well-being across individuals, and would not regard a move toward a more equal distribution of well-being as better if the worse off did not benefit. See Derek Parfit's seminal paper Equality and Priority for further discussion.
In addition to having potential advantages over utilitarianism and radical egalitarianism (as noted above), prioritarianism also avoids some putatively embarrassing implications of a related view, the maximin principle (also note Rawls's difference principle). The maximin principle ranks outcomes solely according to the well-being of the worst-off member of a society. It can thus be viewed as an extreme version of prioritarianism. Imagine choosing between two outcomes: In outcome 1, Jim's well-being level is 1; Pam's well-being level is 100; Dwight's well-being level is 100 (one could add an indefinite number of people with indefinitely high well-being levels). In outcome 2, Jim's well-being level is 2; Pam's well-being level is 3; Dwight's well-being level is 3. Many of us would part ways with the maximin principle and judge that outcome 1 is better than outcome 2, despite the fact that the worst-off member (Jim) has a lower level of well-being in outcome 1. See John Harsanyi's critique of the maximin principle.
Objections to prioritarianism.
Objections to prioritarianism include many of the standard objections that adhere to aggregative consequentialism, for instance, the Repugnant Conclusion and related objections based on the apparent implausibility of certain trade-offs (e.g., there is some very large number of mild headaches such that it would be worse to bring about these mild headaches than the protracted
and intense torture of an innocent person). There are also objections to quantifying, measuring, or making interpersonal comparisons of well-being, that strike against most if not all forms of aggregative consequentialism, including prioritarianism.
Another objection to prioritarianism concerns "how much" weight should be given to the well-being of the worse off. There may be issues of arbitrariness or "sloppy intuitionism" lurking here—prioritarians are faced with the potentially awkward task of balancing overall well-being against priority. But note that any theory that leaves any room for judgment in particular cases is also susceptible to this kind of objection about sloppiness or arbitrariness. A prioritarian might claim that how much weight should be given to the well-being of the worse off is something to be worked out in reflective equilibrium, or that, while we cannot determine weights exactly, there is a range of weights that is acceptable or justifiable.
A utilitarian (or radical egalitarian) might also claim that their theory is more parsimonious than prioritarianism (which values well-being "and" priority). But a prioritarian might, in response, argue that even a putatively genuinely monistic utilitarianism like hedonistic utilitarianism is not fully mechanized (and perhaps not even genuinely monistic) as it still requires judgment, for instance when it comes to balancing various pleasures against various pains.

</doc>
<doc id="19376238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376238" title="Frans Indongo">
Frans Indongo

Frans Aupa Indongo (born 15 January 1936 in Ongwediva, Oshana Region) is a Namibian businessman and former politician. 
Business career.
Indongo opened his first business, which made bricks, in the late 1950s. With the profits from that business, he bought sewing equipment for cloth making, which he sold in Oranjemund. In 1961, he opened a small shop in Omusimboti, Oshana which eventually allowed him to open a chain of supermarkets across the country. Indongo owns a large number of properties across Namibia, including prominent locations in Swakopmund, Tsumeb, Walvis Bay, Otjiwarongo and Windhoek as well as holdings in the sugar and fishing industries.
Political career.
Indongo entered politics in the 1970s as a leading member of the National Democratic Party, which became part of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance following the completion of the Turnhalle Constitutional Conference in 1977. At the Turnhalle Conference, Indongo was an important member of the Ovamboland delegation. He was Minister of Economic Affairs in the Owambo legislative assembly from 1975 and from 1980 a Minister in the Owambo Second Tier Representative Authority. In 1982, he was a founding member of the Christian Democratic Action for Social Justice, led by Peter Kalangula. He resigned from politics in the late 1980s to manage his business affairs. 
Honours.
In 2001, Indongo received an honorary doctorate in business administration from the University of Namibia. In 2003, a street was named after him in downtown Windhoek.
Indongo owns Etango Complex in Oshakati, the highest standard buildings in northern Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="19376241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376241" title="Secretary of State of Alabama">
Secretary of State of Alabama

The Secretary of State of Alabama is one of the constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Alabama. The office actually predates the statehood of Alabama, dating back to the Alabama Territory. From 1819 to 1901, the Secretary of State served a two-year term until the State Constitution was changed to set the term to four years. Up until 1868 the Secretary of State was elected by the Alabama Legislature, but is now popularly elected. The terms and duties of the office are defined by Sections 114, 118, 132, and 134 of the Alabama Constitution.
The secretary of state must be at least 25 years old, a U.S. citizen for at least seven years, an Alabama state resident for at least five years, and a registered voter. The secretary of state and governor are on the same election cycle, and may only serve two consecutive terms; to hold the office for more terms, the office must be vacated for at least one term. The governor may appoint a replacement secretary of state in the case of resignation or death.
Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is organized as follows:
Officeholders.
The current Secretary of State is Republican James R. Bennett. He was appointed in 2013 following the resignation of Beth Chapman, and previously served in that post from 1993 to 2003.
The parties are as follows: (D) and (R), or .
Notes:
1. First native-born Alabamian to serve as Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="19376253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376253" title="Miss Black California USA Pageant">
Miss Black California USA Pageant

The Miss Black California USA titleholder is selected through the national Miss Black USA Scholarship Pageant and was founded in 1986 by Karen Arrington. The Miss Black California USA state pageant is a major source of scholarship funds for African American women living in the state of California. The national pageant was established as a spin off to the Miss Black America Pageant which was created in 1968 and no longer exists, and has become an institution in the African American community affording young women with a national stage to display their talent, beauty, and intellect and win scholarship opportunities. 
Miss Black USA pageant and, over eighty percent of the delegates were pursuing graduate or professional degrees. The 2007 winner was a 1st year medical student at Meharry Medical College. The 2008 winner was a semi finalist on American Idol, the 2009 winner is a teacher in Washington DC and the current titlehold Osas Ighodaro is an American actress that has been featured in several small films on on Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns. The pageant prides itself on celebrating the achievements of young African American women who are often not showcased in the mainstream media. . 
Miss Black California 2012, Brijet Finister is a God fearing young woman with a love for her family and concern for the future of her community. As the reigning Miss Black California, she has the opportunity to educate youth and their families about the importance of having a financial education. Changing the financial future of our communities is at the forefront of her priorities. This is why Brijet has joined the vision of her RVP, Gary Martin, of Primerica Financial Services, and Project Hope to participate in an educational program which teaches financial literacy courses within California Schools. Working one on one within classrooms, Brijet will be given the opportunity to lay down the basics of a financial education for students within a structured classroom. 
California State Pageant.
Each year, the state competition will be held in California. There are also other state pageants in "ArizonaColorado, Florida, "Georgia[http://www.missblackga.org", "Iowa[http://www.missblackiowausa.org]", The Miss Black USA organization licenses out state pageants. In the case where a state pageant is not held, a delegate may apply as a delegate-at-large.

</doc>
<doc id="19376271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376271" title="Elizabeth Hart">
Elizabeth Hart

Elizabeth Hart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376278" title="1994 Formula One cheating controversy">
1994 Formula One cheating controversy

The 1994 Formula One cheating controversy was a series of allegations of cheating during the 1994 Formula One season. The cheating allegation went on several Formula One teams on that time; one of the main allegations surrounded the Benetton team. The team were alleged to have been using illegal software to their advantage in races; however, this could not be sufficiently proven by the FIA. There were also incidents involving other teams within the sport, most notably Ferrari and McLaren.
Allegations of cheating were made throughout the early stages of the 1994 season, with Ayrton Senna suspicious the Benetton was illegal. After the deaths of Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix, several technical changes were made to the cars to make them safer to drive. Cheating allegations reignited in the summer of 1994, after a refuelling fire on Jos Verstappen's Benetton car at the German Grand Prix. After an investigation by Intertechnique at Benetton's team factory, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) revealed that the team had been using an illegal fuel valve, without a fuel filter, that pumped fuel into the car 12.5% faster than a normal, legal fuel valve that had a filter.
Background.
The technical regulations for the 1994 Formula One season were announced at the 1993 Canadian Grand Prix. One of the major announcements was that electronic aids were to be banned from Formula One, which included power brakes and the traction control system. Also banned for the 1994 season was the use of ABS and active suspension. This was done as there were fears that electronic aid systems were levelling the field up, putting more emphasis on the car rather than the driver talent. Some spoke out against traction control, including Senna, who said he preferred to have more control of the car instead of having the computers drive it for him. Max Mosley, the president of Formula One's governing body, the FIA, spoke out in favour of banning traction control, saying that the systems "could be extremely dangerous and unpredictable". Around the same time as the announcement regarding the technical regulations for the 1994 season, many in the sport were questioning the legality of active suspension, which was a key factor for it to be banned for 1994. Some in the paddock regarded the decision as an attempt to restrict Williams, as the team held a strong advantage with its active suspension system and other driver aids. The unraced concept of continuously variable transmission (CVT) was also banned, but it was well known that Williams had spent several years developing and testing such a system, which threatened to further increase its cars' advantage if introduced. Behind the scenes at Williams they considered the timing of the announcement by Technical Delegate Charlie Whiting as "regrettable", with some questioning if Nigel Mansell's 1992 Drivers' Championship victory would still be regarded as valid. Also introduced for the 1994 season was refuelling during races, for the first time since . As a result, all team personnel working on the car during pit stops had to wear fire-protective clothing as a safety precaution. The FIA changed the rules to spice up the sport partially due to declining television ratings from the 1993 season compared to the 1992 season. It was also suggested the rule changes could benefit Ferrari team, as the outfit had struggled with the introduction of its driver aids, and stood to gain from the re-introduction of refuelling due to its V12 engine configuration, which was less fuel-efficient than the V10s and V8s built by its rivals.
Initial allegations.
Cheating allegations were made at the first round of the 1994 season, the Brazilian Grand Prix. On lap 21 of the race, Senna in the Williams who was leading the race, made a pit stop, with Michael Schumacher in the Benetton close behind. The Benetton pitcrew made a very quick stop for Schumacher, getting him out in front of Senna to lead the race. Schumacher went on to win the Grand Prix after Senna spun out of the race. This sparked speculation that Benetton were using a system to make quicker pit stops than their rivals.
During the weekend of the Pacific Grand Prix in April, Ferrari test driver Nicola Larini (who had replaced Jean Alesi for the early part of the season), leaked to the Italian media that he had used traction control during the practice session for the race. Ferrari and Larini later denied the claims to the worldwide press. The "leak" by Larini further raised suspicions about teams using illegal aids to help them in races. Senna retired on the first lap of the race after a collision with McLaren driver Mika Häkkinen. Instead of going back to the Williams pit area, Senna opted to stand and watch the cars complete the race to see if he could hear any noises that suggested traction control was being used illegally in the other cars. Senna returned to the Williams pit area after the race suspicious that the Benetton car was illegal.
Rule changes.
At the San Marino Grand Prix, both Senna and Ratzenberger suffered fatal accidents. After the race weekend, the FIA asked the teams that finished first, second and third in the race (Benetton, Ferrari and McLaren respectively) to provide copies of their engine management system source code to see if an undetected traction control system was stored in there to gain an illegal advantage. Ferrari supplied the code immediately, but McLaren and Benetton only handed over the code after the FIA's deadline, for which they were fined $100,000.
Several technical rule changes were announced by the FIA at the Monaco Grand Prix to help improve the safety of the cars. Downforce on the cars was reduced with the diffuser restricted to help reduce the amount of grip available. In between the Monaco and Spanish Grands Prix, the teams tried out the revised cars in test sessions throughout the week. Several teams experienced problems with their revised cars; Ligier suffered two cracked wing mountings, while Williams noted a cracked mounting during testing at Jerez. The biggest incident to note was that of Pedro Lamy in a Lotus car at the Silverstone Circuit. While approaching the Bridge corner on the circuit, the rear wing on the Lotus detached itself leading to a sudden loss of downforce. The Lotus cartwheeled off the circuit at , flying through a protective fence, landing in a spectator access tunnel. Lamy was hospitalised as a result of the accident. In the week leading up to the Spanish race, Benetton team boss Flavio Briatore criticised the FIA, accusing the president Max Mosley of making "ill-considered, snap decisions" and that some of the components on the Benetton car may not have been subjected to quality control checks. In a letter sent to Mosley on May 25, Briatore also said:
The Benetton team, along with Williams, McLaren, Lotus, Pacific, Simtek, Jordan, Footwork Arrows and Ligier debated the issue in the Williams motorhome to discuss the technical regulations. More changes came into force for the Canadian and German races, with the introductions of "pump fuel" (more closely related to commercially available fuel, slightly reducing horsepower and engine performance) and the "plank" (a piece of wood running along the underside of the chassis that is monitored for excessive wear, increasing ride height and thus decreasing grip).
Renewed allegations.
Allegations of cheating reignited at the French Grand Prix, when, starting from third on the grid Schumacher overtook both of the Williams drivers, Damon Hill and Nigel Mansell, leading into the first corner of the race. This raised suspicions, once again, that Benetton were using traction control. While commentating on the race for Eurosport with John Watson and Allard Kalff, Williams driver David Coulthard, who was replaced by Mansell for the race, stated that Schumacher's start reminded him of the type of starts from the 1993 season when traction control was legal. Hill was on pole position for the British Grand Prix after qualifying fastest. During the parade lap on the way to the starting grid, Schumacher, starting second, illegally overtook Hill. As a result of his illegal maneuver, Schumacher was given a five-second penalty at 14:27 local time, 27 minutes after the original incident. Schumacher never came into the pit lane to serve the penalty when originally given the penalty, and on lap 21, Schumacher was given the black flag. Schumacher stayed out on the circuit while Benetton team boss Briatore, along with Benetton technical director Tom Walkinshaw went to discuss it with Race Director Roland Bruynseraede, arguing that they had not been properly informed of the punishment given. Schumacher eventually served the time penalty on lap 27, finishing the race in second position behind Hill.
After the British Grand Prix, Schumacher and Benetton were fined $25,000 for breaching the sporting regulations, with the FIA choosing to open an investigation surrounding the events at the race. Joan Villadelprat, Benetton's team manager, stated that although they made a mistake at the race, the race stewards also made a mistake as Benetton were not notified within 15 minutes of the offence as specified by the regulations. It took 27 minutes for the decision of the stewards to reach Benetton.
The German Grand Prix brought up more controversy leading to further allegations of cheating by Benetton. During a pit stop, the Benetton car of Jos Verstappen was set on fire during refuelling as the fuel nozzle would not enter the car properly. Verstappen suffered minor burns, with four of the Benetton mechanics also burned. Intertechnique, the company which manufactures the refuelling equipment for all the teams, were delegated by the governing body to examine the Benetton factory shortly after the German race. After Intertechnique examined the factory, a statement was released by the FIA. In the statement, the FIA said that "the [fuel] valve was slow to close because of the presence of a foreign body" and that a filter designed to eliminate any possible risk of fire had been removed. An estimate by an outside party stated that without the filter, fuel flowed into the car at 12.5% faster than usual, saving one second per pit stop. Benetton issued a press release shortly after, announcing that they had contacted an "independent company specialising in accident investigation" to give opinions on the refuelling method. They also announced that a copy of the FIA report had been sent to Mariott Harrison, their legal advisers. The FIA announced, as a result of their findings, that Benetton would be summoned to a World Motor Sport Council meeting on October 19. On August 11, three days before the Hungarian Grand Prix, Intertechnique representatives said that no request had been sent from Benetton to remove the filter from the nozzle and that they would never authorise Benetton to remove the nozzle. Benetton made a press release on August 13, stating that there was a fault in the equipment provided by Intertechnique.
Before Schumacher's appeal from his disqualification at the British Grand Prix, he was disqualified from the Belgian Grand Prix as his Benetton had excessive wear of the plank. The FIA allowed the plank to be ten millimetres deep, with an allowance of one millimetre meaning that the plank must be a minimum of nine millimetres to be deemed legal. A majority of the plank on Schumacher's car measured 7.4 millimetres, 1.6 under the legal tolerance. Benetton, along with Schumacher, claimed that the plank had excessive wear due to a spin by Schumacher during the race. Benetton launched an immediate appeal, with a World Motor Sport Council meeting set for September 5. The allegations of Benetton cheating throughout the summer of 1994 led to rumours of Schumacher quitting the team. The team released a statement denying the rumours, stating that Schumacher would complete the season.
FIA action.
Schumacher and Benetton, along with three other drivers, were summoned to a FIA World Motor Sport Council meeting on July 26 to discuss his black flag at the British Grand Prix. It was announced at the meeting that Schumacher was disqualified from the race, thus losing his six points he earned from finishing second in the race, and in addition he was handed a two race ban. This meant Schumacher would miss his home race, the German Grand Prix, along with the Hungarian Grand Prix, unless he chose to appeal the decision. In addition to the punishment handed to Schumacher, Benetton were fined a total of $600,000—$500,000 for not listening to the Stewards' at the British race, and $100,000 for not sending copies of their engine management system when immediately requested. At the council meeting, the governing body also announced that no evidence had been found to suggest Benetton were using illegal electronic systems, but did say that an illegal system did exist, which could be activated at any time. Benetton and Schumacher appealed the decision made by the FIA, allowing the German to race at his home Grand Prix.
Schumacher's appeal regarding the two race ban was rejected at the FIA International Court of Appeal, with the FIA opting to keep his two race ban intact, meaning he would miss the Italian and Portuguese races. JJ Lehto replaced Schumacher for the two races.
The World Motor Sport Council hearing surrounding Benetton and the fuel fire at Hockenheim was brought forward to September 7, with the disqualification of Schumacher at the Belgian Grand Prix also moved to the same day. The night before the hearing, however, the FIA were informed by Larrousse, one of the other teams competing in the championship, that they were informed by Intertechnique in May to remove the filter from the refuelling rig, a point Flavio Briatore made in prior meetings that all but four teams had removed the filter. The FIA in the hearing judged that Benetton had not tried to cheat by removing the filter from the refuelling rig, but the governing body did say that the team removed it without authorisation from Intertechnique to try to gain an advantage. Thus the team were found guilty of the offence, but escaped punishment due to this valid plea in mitigation. Schumacher's appeal against his disqualification at the Belgian Grand Prix, however, was rejected by the FIA. After the hearing, Benetton released a statement which said:
At the same hearing, the McLaren team was found to be in breach of the technical regulations, specifically over a fully automated gearbox upchange device in the transmission system that was confirmed to have been run in Mika Häkkinen's car during the San Marino Grand Prix. The FIA's discovery of this device occurred when McLaren test driver Philippe Alliot, who had taken a race seat at Larrousse mid-season, commented on the fact that the cars of his new team did not possess such a facility. The system was found to contravene the regulations and was duly banned—as was the potential of an automated downchange facility—but McLaren went unpunished, as the FIA was satisfied that the team believed it to be legal when fitting it to the car under its interpretation of the regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="19376281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376281" title="Point of Inquiry">
Point of Inquiry

Point of Inquiry is the radio show and flagship podcast of the Center for Inquiry, "a think tank promoting science, reason, and secular values in public policy and at the grass roots". Started in 2005, "Point of Inquiry" has consistently been ranked among the best science podcasts available in iTunes. It has been celebrated for its guests and for the quality of its interviews. Former guests include leading scientists, writers and public intellectuals such as Neil DeGrasse Tyson, Paul Krugman, Lisa Randall, Brian Greene, Oliver Sacks, Susan Jacoby, David Brin and Temple Grandin.
Format.
"Point of Inquiry" is recorded at the Center for Inquiry headquarters in Amherst, NY. iTunes features over 200 free episodes of "Point of Inquiry", averaging 30 to 35 minutes in length, with each consisting of a long form interview with a high profile guest from the worlds of scientific skepticism, science, academia, and philosophy. The show focuses on traditional topics in scientific skepticism, such as psychic investigations, alternative medicine, alleged extraterrestrial visitations, ghosts, and cryptozoology. It also covers current events and public policy. The inaugural episode featured an interview with CFI founder Paul Kurtz, who spoke about the incompatibility of science and religion.
In July 2012, "Point of Inquiry" produced their first video episode featuring Michael De Dora, Ed Brayton, Jessica Ahlquist, and Jamie Kilstein.
Previously, Chris Mooney hosted half of the shows with the balance split between the other hosts. However, on June 25, 2013, bloggers such as Rebecca Watson reported that Mooney, along with host Indre Viskontas and producer Adam Isaak resigned from the show following a controversy over statements made by the organization's CEO during opening remarks at the Women in Secularism 2 conference. In a press release, Mooney, Viskontas, and Isaak stated, "The actions of Ron Lindsay and the Board have made it overwhelmingly difficult for us to continue in our goal to provide thoughtful and compelling content, including coverage of feminist issues as in past interviews with guests like Amanda Marcotte, Katha Pollitt, MG Lord, and Carol Tavris."
October 17, 2013 Center for Inquiry announced the “new team who will take "Point of Inquiry" into its next exciting phase”, Lindsay Beyerstein, Josh Zepps and producer Joshua Billingsley.
Center for Inquiry.
"Point of Inquiry" is the premiere podcast production of the Center for Inquiry (CFI), a non-profit educational organization located in the United States. Its primary mission is to encourage evidence-based inquiry into paranormal and fringe science claims, alternative medicine and mental health practices, religion, secular ethics, and society. CFI is dedicated to promoting and defending science, reason, and free inquiry in all aspects of human interest. The CFI also promotes two related podcasts titled "The Human Bible" and "Center Stage."
Popular Science Idol.
Point of inquiry co-sponsored the "Popular Science Idol" contest along with the National Science Foundation Office of Legislative and Public Affairs, Discover Magazine, and Popular Science as a science spoof of the popular reality show American Idol. The event was hosted as a workshop to discover the next great science communicator. The event was hosted by Chris Mooney and Indre Viskontas served as one of the expert judges. The first event was won by Tom Di Loberto for a 3 minute presentation on the difficulties involved in predicting the weather.
Popular Episode Guide.
A full episode list is available on iTunes.
Recognition.
In May 2012, "Point of Inquiry" was named one of the "Top 10 Podcasts to Feed Your Brain" by Business Insider.
The show is consistently one of the top science podcasts on iTunes.
Featured podcast suggestion by the Telegraph Feb 9, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19376282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376282" title="Jackson Island (Nunavut)">
Jackson Island (Nunavut)

Jackson Island is an irregularly-shaped Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. The uninhabited island lies in the Labrador Sea at the mouth of Neptune Bay, off the east coast of Hall Peninsula's Finger Land. Christopher Hall Island is to the southeast, while Moodie Island is to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="19376298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376298" title="Northwest Art and Air Festival">
Northwest Art and Air Festival

The Northwest Art and Air Festival is an annual festival in Albany, Oregon, United States that celebrates local art and aeronautics. The Oregon Festival and Events Association has twice named the festival "best in its budget class" and in recent years the festival has averaged 40,000 visitors during the course of the event. In 2008 festival attendance was described by city officials as "the biggest by far".
The Northwest Art and Air Festival was conceived in August 2000. It is run by Albany Parks & Recreation and the Albany Visitors Association, and is sponsored by a local aerospace alloy manufacturing company, ATI Wah Chang.
Locations include Timber Linn Park and the Albany Municipal Airport.
Art.
Over 70 artists from Oregon showcase their work. Art includes, pottery and ceramics, 
wood furniture and woodworking, jewelry, lotions and soaps, painting, photography, rugs, and toys.
Music.
Music is performed on two stages with notable acts appearing in the Oregon Amphitheater on Saturday night. Past acts have included Joan Baez, Los Lobos, Johnny Rivers, Christopher Cross and, in 2008, Little River Band.
Air.
The Albany Municipal Airport hosts a variety of events including a display from the U.S. Army of a Blackhawk helicopter. Local pilots instruct children from ages 8 through 17 on the basics of flight through a 20-minute instruction session called Young Eagles, which ends in a 20-minute airplane ride over the Willamette Valley. Airplane and helicopter flights are offered. Radio controlled airplanes are put out for display. Ultralights, experimental aircraft and small jet planes are present and flying.
Balloons.
A signature production of the Northwest Art and Air Festival is said to be its "Night Glow" hot air balloon lighting. At dusk in Timber Linn Park, balloons ignite their engines—this illuminates the balloons like giant nightlights. The show is coordinated to music and in 2008 added a laser light show.
In the early morning on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, at least forty balloons are launched. Spectators are allowed to get close to the balloons as they fill and get ready to launch. Rides are available for a fee.

</doc>
<doc id="19376304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376304" title="Asset swap">
Asset swap

In financial accounting, an asset swap is an exchange of tangible assets for intangible assets or vice versa. Since it is a swap of assets, the procedure takes place on the active side of the balance sheet and has no impact on the latter in regards to volume. As an example, a company may sell equity and receive the value in cash, thus increasing liquidity. 
A company often utilizes this method when in need for money to invest (internal financing) or to pay off debts.
In finance, the term asset swap has a particular meaning. When one refers to an asset swap, one has in mind the exchange of the flow of payments from a given security (the asset) for a different set of cash flows. An example of this is where an institution swaps the cash flows on a U.S. Government Bond for LIBOR minus a spread (say 20 basis points). Such swaps usually have stub periods in order to bring the chronology of the cash flows into line with that of the underlying bond.
The asset swap market is over-the-counter (OTC), i.e., not traded on any exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19376350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376350" title="2009 Cleveland Indians season">
2009 Cleveland Indians season

The 2009 Cleveland Indians season marks the 109th season for the franchise, with the Indians attempting (but failing) to improve on their 81-81 record and third place finish in the AL Central in 2008. The team played all of its home games at Progressive Field (formerly known as Jacobs Field).
The season began on April 6 with a 9–1 loss to the Texas Rangers at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington. The Home Opener was on April 10 with the Indians losing 13–7 to the Toronto Blue Jays. The season ended on October 4 against the rival Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park.
2009 is the first year that the Indians held Spring Training in Goodyear, Arizona. Goodyear replaces Winter Haven, Florida after 15 years of Spring Training.
The Indians ended their season at 65-97. For the Indians, this marks their first season since 1987 (the infamous "Indian Uprising" season) that they were below .500 for the entire season.
Regular season.
April.
The Indians struggled at the beginning of the season, losing their first five and seven of their first eight games. They finished with an 8-14 record in April, and were in last place in the AL central for the entire month. One of the few highlights of the month was the Tribe defeating former Indian CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 10-2 in the first game ever at the new Yankee Stadium. Starting pitcher Cliff Lee had his first win of the season in that game. Two days later, the Indians defeated the Yankees 22-4.
May.
The Indians went 14-16 in May, but were in last place in the division throughout the entire month. The Indians struggled on many fronts, including an ineffective bullpen and poor hitting. Several players were sent to the disabled list including Travis Hafner, Grady Sizemore, and Asdrúbal Cabrera. The poor play and injuries allowed many minor league players to come up from AAA Columbus and contribute to the Indians. A turning point came in the season when on May 25, when the Indians defeated the Tampa Bay Rays 11-10 after coming back from a 10-0 deficit. The Indians rallied to win 5 of the final 7 games in the month
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts"

</doc>
<doc id="19376355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376355" title="Ganesha">
Ganesha

Ganesha (IAST: ; ), also spelled Ganesa, also known as Ganapati and Vinayaka is a widely worshipped deity in the Hindu pantheon. His image is found throughout India and Nepal. Hindu sects worship him regardless of affiliations. Devotion to Ganesha is widely diffused and extends to Jains, Buddhists, and beyond India.
Although he is known by many attributes, Ganesha's elephant head makes him easy to identify. Ganesha is widely revered as the remover of obstacles, the patron of arts and sciences and the deva of intellect and wisdom. As the god of beginnings, he is honoured at the start of rituals and ceremonies. Ganesha is also invoked as patron of letters and learning during writing sessions. Several texts relate mythological anecdotes associated with his birth and exploits and explain his distinct iconography.
Ganesha emerged as a distinct deity in the 4th and 5th centuries CE, during the Gupta Period, although he inherited traits from Vedic and pre-Vedic precursors. He was formally included among the five primary deities of Smartism (a Hindu denomination) in the 9th century. A sect of devotees called the "Ganapatya" arose, who identified Ganesha as the supreme deity. The principal scriptures dedicated to Ganesha are the "Ganesha Purana", the "Mudgala Purana", and the "Ganapati Atharvashirsa".
Etymology and other names.
Ganesha has been ascribed many other titles and epithets, including "Ganapati" and "Vighneshvara". The Hindu title of respect "Shri" (Sanskrit: ; IAST: ; also spelled "Sri" or "Shree") is often added before his name. One popular way Ganesha is worshipped is by chanting a "Ganesha Sahasranama", a litany of "a thousand names of Ganesha". Each name in the sahasranama conveys a different meaning and symbolises a different aspect of Ganesha. At least two different versions of the Ganesha Sahasranama exist; one version is drawn from the "Ganesha Purana", a Hindu scripture venerating Ganesha.
The name "Ganesha" is a Sanskrit compound, joining the words "gana" (Sanskrit: ; IAST: ), meaning a group, multitude, or categorical system and "isha" (Sanskrit: ; IAST: ), meaning lord or master. The word "gaņa" when associated with Ganesha is often taken to refer to the gaņas, a troop of semi-divine beings that form part of the retinue of Shiva (IAST: ). The term more generally means a category, class, community, association, or corporation. Some commentators interpret the name "Lord of the " to mean "Lord of Hosts" or "Lord of created categories", such as the elements. "Ganapati" (Sanskrit: ; IAST: ), a synonym for "Ganesha", is a compound composed of ', meaning "group", and ', meaning "ruler" or "lord". The "Amarakosha", an early Sanskrit lexicon, lists eight synonyms of "Ganesha" : "Vinayaka", ' (equivalent to "Vighnesha"), ' (one who has two mothers), ' (equivalent to "Ganapati" and "Ganesha"), "Ekadanta" (one who has one tusk), "Heramba", "Lambodara" (one who has a pot belly, or, literally, one who has a hanging belly), and "Gajanana" (IAST: ); having the face of an elephant).
"Vinayaka" (Sanskrit: ; IAST: ) is a common name for Ganesha that appears in the s and in Buddhist Tantras. This name is reflected in the naming of the eight famous Ganesha temples in Maharashtra known as the "Ashtavinayak" (). The names "Vighnesha" (Sanskrit: ; IAST: ) and "Vighneshvara" (; ) (Lord of Obstacles) refers to his primary function in Hindu theology as the master and remover of obstacles (').
A prominent name for Ganesha in the Tamil language is "Pillai" () or "Pillaiyaar" () (Little Child). A. K. Narain differentiates these terms by saying that "pillai" means a "child" while "pillaiyar" means a "noble child". He adds that the words "pallu", "pella", and "pell" in the Dravidian family of languages signify "tooth or tusk", also "elephant tooth or tusk". Anita Raina Thapan notes that the root word "pille" in the name "Pillaiyar" might have originally meant "the young of the elephant", because the Pali word "pillaka" means "a young elephant".
In the Burmese language, Ganesha is known as "Maha Peinne" (, ), derived from Pali (). The widespread name of Ganesha in Thailand is "Phra Phikhanet" or "Phra Phikhanesuan", both of which are derived from "Vara Vighnesha" and "Vara Vighneshvara" respectively, whereas the name "Khanet" (from "Ganesha") is rather rare.
In Sri Lanka in the North-Central and North Western areas with pre dominantly Buddhist population, Ganesha is known as Aiyanayaka Deviyo while in other Singhala buddhist areas he is known as Gana deviyo.
Iconography.
Ganesha is a popular figure in Indian art. Unlike those of some deities, representations of Ganesha show wide variations and distinct patterns changing over time. He may be portrayed standing, dancing, heroically taking action against demons, playing with his family as a boy, sitting down or on an elevated seat, or engaging in a range of contemporary situations.
Ganesha images were prevalent in many parts of India by the 6th century. The 13th century statue pictured is typical of Ganesha statuary from 900–1200, after Ganesha had been well-established as an independent deity with his own sect. This example features some of Ganesha's common iconographic elements. A virtually identical statue has been dated between 973–1200 by Paul Martin-Dubost, and another similar statue is dated c. 12th century by Pratapaditya Pal. Ganesha has the head of an elephant and a big belly. This statue has four arms, which is common in depictions of Ganesha. He holds his own broken tusk in his lower-right hand and holds a delicacy, which he samples with his trunk, in his lower-left hand. The motif of Ganesha turning his trunk sharply to his left to taste a sweet in his lower-left hand is a particularly archaic feature. A more primitive statue in one of the Ellora Caves with this general form has been dated to the 7th century. Details of the other hands are difficult to make out on the statue shown. In the standard configuration, Ganesha typically holds an axe or a goad in one upper arm and a pasha (noose) in the other upper arm.
The influence of this old constellation of iconographic elements can still be seen in contemporary representations of Ganesha. In one modern form, the only variation from these old elements is that the lower-right hand does not hold the broken tusk but is turned towards the viewer in a gesture of protection or fearlessness (abhaya mudra). The same combination of four arms and attributes occurs in statues of Ganesha dancing, which is a very popular theme.
Common attributes.
Ganesha has been represented with the head of an elephant since the early stages of his appearance in Indian art. Puranic myths provide many explanations for how he got his elephant head. One of his popular forms, "Heramba-Ganapati", has five elephant heads, and other less-common variations in the number of heads are known. While some texts say that Ganesha was born with an elephant head, he acquires the head later in most stories. The most recurrent motif in these stories is that Ganesha was created by Parvati using clay to protect her and Shiva beheaded him when Ganesha came between Shiva and Parvati. Shiva then replaced Ganesha's original head with that of an elephant. Details of the battle and where the replacement head came from vary from source to source. Another story says that Ganesha was created directly by Shiva's laughter. Because Shiva considered Ganesha too alluring, he gave him the head of an elephant and a protruding belly.
Ganesha's earliest name was "Ekadanta" (One Tusked), referring to his single whole tusk, the other being broken. Some of the earliest images of Ganesha show him holding his broken tusk. The importance of this distinctive feature is reflected in the "Mudgala Purana", which states that the name of Ganesha's second incarnation is Ekadanta. Ganesha's protruding belly appears as a distinctive attribute in his earliest statuary, which dates to the Gupta period (4th to 6th centuries). This feature is so important that, according to the "Mudgala Purana", two different incarnations of Ganesha use names based on it: "Lambodara" (Pot Belly, or, literally, Hanging Belly) and "Mahodara" (Great Belly). Both names are Sanskrit compounds describing his belly (IAST: '). The "Brahmanda Purana" says that Ganesha has the name Lambodara because all the universes (i.e., cosmic eggs; IAST: ') of the past, present, and future are present in him. The number of Ganesha's arms varies; his best-known forms have between two and sixteen arms. Many depictions of Ganesha feature four arms, which is mentioned in Puranic sources and codified as a standard form in some iconographic texts. His earliest images had two arms. Forms with 14 and 20 arms appeared in Central India during the 9th and the 10th centuries. The serpent is a common feature in Ganesha iconography and appears in many forms. According to the "Ganesha Purana", Ganesha wrapped the serpent Vasuki around his neck. Other depictions of snakes include use as a sacred thread (IAST: "") wrapped around the stomach as a belt, held in a hand, coiled at the ankles, or as a throne. Upon Ganesha's forehead may be a third eye or the Shaivite sectarian mark (IAST: ), which consists of three horizontal lines. The "Ganesha Purana" prescribes a "tilaka" mark as well as a crescent moon on the forehead. A distinct form of Ganesha called "Bhalachandra" (IAST: ""; "Moon on the Forehead") includes that iconographic element. Ganesha is often described as red in color. Specific colors are associated with certain forms. Many examples of color associations with specific meditation forms are prescribed in the Sritattvanidhi, a treatise on Hindu iconography. For example, white is associated with his representations as "Heramba-Ganapati" and "Rina-Mochana-Ganapati" (Ganapati Who Releases from Bondage). "Ekadanta-Ganapati" is visualized as blue during meditation in that form.
Vahanas.
The earliest Ganesha images are without a vahana (mount/vehicle). Of the eight incarnations of Ganesha described in the "Mudgala Purana", Ganesha uses a mouse (shrew) in five of them, a lion in his incarnation as "Vakratunda", a peacock in his incarnation as "Vikata", and Shesha, the divine serpent, in his incarnation as "Vighnaraja". "Mohotkata" uses a lion, "" uses a peacock, "Dhumraketu" uses a horse, and "Gajanana" uses a mouse, in the four incarnations of Ganesha listed in the "Ganesha Purana". Jain depictions of Ganesha show his vahana variously as a mouse, elephant, tortoise, ram, or peacock.
Ganesha is often shown riding on or attended by a mouse, shrew or rat. Martin-Dubost says that the rat began to appear as the principal vehicle in sculptures of Ganesha in central and western India during the 7th century; the rat was always placed close to his feet. The mouse as a mount first appears in written sources in the "Matsya Purana" and later in the "Brahmananda Purana" and "Ganesha Purana", where Ganesha uses it as his vehicle in his last incarnation. The Ganapati Atharvashirsa includes a meditation verse on Ganesha that describes the mouse appearing on his flag. The names ' (mouse-mount) and ' (rat-banner) appear in the "Ganesha Sahasranama".
The mouse is interpreted in several ways. According to Grimes, "Many, if not most of those who interpret 's mouse, do so negatively; it symbolizes "Tamas (philosophy)" as well as desire". Along these lines, Michael Wilcockson says it symbolizes those who wish to overcome desires and be less selfish. Krishan notes that the rat is destructive and a menace to crops. The Sanskrit word ' (mouse) is derived from the root ' (stealing, robbing). It was essential to subdue the rat as a destructive pest, a type of "vighna" (impediment) that needed to be overcome. According to this theory, showing Ganesha as master of the rat demonstrates his function as "Vigneshvara" (Lord of Obstacles) and gives evidence of his possible role as a folk "grāma-devatā" (village deity) who later rose to greater prominence. Martin-Dubost notes a view that the rat is a symbol suggesting that Ganesha, like the rat, penetrates even the most secret places.
Associations.
Obstacles.
Ganesha is "Vighneshvara" or "Vighnaraja" or "Vighnaharta"(marathi), the Lord of Obstacles, both of a material and spiritual order. He is popularly worshipped as a remover of obstacles, though traditionally he also places obstacles in the path of those who need to be checked. Paul Courtright says that "his task in the divine scheme of things, his "dharma", is to place and remove obstacles. It is his particular territory, the reason for his creation."
Krishan notes that some of Ganesha's names reflect shadings of multiple roles that have evolved over time. Dhavalikar ascribes the quick ascension of Ganesha in the Hindu pantheon, and the emergence of the , to this shift in emphasis from ' (obstacle-creator) to ' (obstacle-averter). However, both functions continue to be vital to his character.
Buddhi (Knowledge).
Ganesha is considered to be the Lord of letters and learning. In Sanskrit, the word "buddhi" is a feminine noun that is variously translated as intelligence, wisdom, or intellect. The concept of buddhi is closely associated with the personality of Ganesha, especially in the Puranic period, when many stories stress his cleverness and love of intelligence. One of Ganesha's names in the "Ganesha Purana" and the "Ganesha Sahasranama" is "Buddhipriya". This name also appears in a list of 21 names at the end of the "Ganesha Sahasranama" that Ganesha says are especially important. The word "priya" can mean "fond of", and in a marital context it can mean "lover" or "husband", so the name may mean either "Fond of Intelligence" or "Buddhi's Husband".
Aum.
Ganesha is identified with the Hindu mantra Aum (Telugu:, Tamil:, Sanskrit:) also spelled "Om"). The term "" (Aum is his form), when identified with Ganesha, refers to the notion that he personifies the primal sound. The "Ganapati Atharvashirsa" attests to this association. Chinmayananda translates the relevant passage as follows:
Some devotees see similarities between the shape of Ganesha's body in iconography and the shape of Aum in the Devanāgarī and Tamil scripts.
First chakra.
According to Kundalini yoga, Ganesha resides in the first chakra, called Muladhara (). "Mula" means "original, main"; "adhara" means "base, foundation". The muladhara chakra is the principle on which the manifestation or outward expansion of primordial Divine Force rests. This association is also attested to in the "Ganapati Atharvashirsa". Courtright translates this passage as follows: "Ganesha, You continually dwell in the sacral plexus at the base of the spine []." Thus, Ganesha has a permanent abode in every being at the Muladhara. Ganesha holds, supports and guides all other chakras, thereby "governing the forces that propel the wheel of life".
Family and consorts.
Though Ganesha is popularly held to be the son of Shiva and Parvati, the Puranic myths give different versions about his birth. He may have been created by Parvati, or by Shiva "and" Parvati, or may have appeared mysteriously and was discovered by Shiva and Parvati.
The family includes his brother the war god Kartikeya, who is also called Subramanya, Skanda, Murugan and other names. Regional differences dictate the order of their births. In northern India, Skanda is generally said to be the elder, while in the south, Ganesha is considered the first born. In northern India, Skanda was an important martial deity from about 500 BCE to about 600 CE, when worship of him declined significantly in northern India. As Skanda fell, Ganesha rose. Several stories tell of sibling rivalry between the brothers and may reflect sectarian tensions.
Ganesha's marital status, the subject of considerable scholarly review, varies widely in mythological stories. One pattern of myths identifies Ganesha as an unmarried "brahmacari". This view is common in southern India and parts of northern India. Another pattern associates him with the concepts of "Buddhi" (intellect), "Siddhi" (spiritual power), and "Riddhi" (prosperity); these qualities are sometimes personified as goddesses, said to be Ganesha's wives. He also may be shown with a single consort or a nameless servant (Sanskrit: '). Another pattern connects Ganesha with the goddess of culture and the arts, Sarasvati or (particularly in Maharashtra). He is also associated with the goddess of luck and prosperity, Lakshmi. Another pattern, mainly prevalent in the Bengal region, links Ganesha with the banana tree, Kala Bo.
The "Shiva Purana" says that Ganesha had begotten two sons: (prosperity) and (profit). In northern Indian variants of this story, the sons are often said to be (auspiciouness) and . The 1975 Hindi film "Jai Santoshi Maa" shows Ganesha married to Riddhi and Siddhi and having a daughter named Santoshi Ma, the goddess of satisfaction. This story has no Puranic basis, but Anita Raina Thapan and Lawrence Cohen cite Santoshi Ma's cult as evidence of Ganesha's continuing evolution as a popular deity.
Worship and festivals.
Ganesha is worshipped on many religious and secular occasions; especially at the beginning of ventures such as buying a vehicle or starting a business. K.N. Somayaji says, "there can hardly be a home [in India which does not house an idol of Ganapati. [..] Ganapati, being the most popular deity in India, is worshipped by almost all castes and in all parts of the country". Devotees believe that if Ganesha is propitiated, he grants success, prosperity and protection against adversity.
Ganesha is a non-sectarian deity, and Hindus of all denominations invoke him at the beginning of prayers, important undertakings, and religious ceremonies. Dancers and musicians, particularly in southern India, begin performances of arts such as the Bharatnatyam dance with a prayer to Ganesha. Mantras such as "Om Shri Namah" (Om, salutation to the Illustrious Ganesha) are often used. One of the most famous mantras associated with Ganesha is "Om Ganapataye Namah" (Om, , Salutation to the Lord of Hosts).
Devotees offer Ganesha sweets such as modaka and small sweet balls (laddus). He is often shown carrying a bowl of sweets, called a "". Because of his identification with the color red, he is often worshipped with red sandalwood paste () or red flowers. grass ("Cynodon dactylon") and other materials are also used in his worship.
Festivals associated with Ganesh are Ganesh Chaturthi or Vināyaka chaturthī in the ' (the fourth day of the waxing moon) in the month of "bhādrapada" (August/September) and the " jayanti" ('s birthday) celebrated on the "cathurthī" of the ' (fourth day of the waxing moon) in the month of "māgha" (January/February)."
Ganesh Chaturthi.
An annual festival honours Ganesha for ten days, starting on Ganesha Chaturthi, which typically falls in late August or early September. The festival begins with people bringing in clay idols of Ganesha, symbolising Ganesha's visit. The festival culminates on the day of Ananta Chaturdashi, when idols ("murtis") of Ganesha are immersed in the most convenient body of water. Some families have a tradition of immersion on the 2nd, 3rd, 5th, or 7th day. In 1893, Lokmanya Tilak transformed this annual Ganesha festival from private family celebrations into a grand public event. He did so "to bridge the gap between the Brahmins and the non-Brahmins and find an appropriate context in which to build a new grassroots unity between them" in his nationalistic strivings against the British in Maharashtra. Because of Ganesha's wide appeal as "the god for Everyman", Tilak chose him as a rallying point for Indian protest against British rule. Tilak was the first to install large public images of Ganesha in pavilions, and he established the practice of submerging all the public images on the tenth day.
Today, Hindus across India celebrate the Ganapati festival with great fervour, though it is most popular in the state of Maharashtra. The festival also assumes huge proportions in Mumbai, Pune, and in the surrounding belt of Ashtavinayaka temples. 
Temples.
In Hindu temples, Ganesha is depicted in various ways: as an acolyte or subordinate deity ('); as a deity related to the principal deity ('); or as the principal deity of the temple (), treated similarly as the highest gods of the Hindu pantheon. As the god of transitions, he is placed at the doorway of many Hindu temples to keep out the unworthy, which is analogous to his role as Parvati’s doorkeeper. In addition, several shrines are dedicated to Ganesha himself, of which the Ashtavinayak (Sanskrit: अष्टविनायक; ; lit. "eight Ganesha (shrines)") in Maharashtra are particularly well known. Located within a 100-kilometer radius of the city of Pune, each of these eight shrines celebrates a particular form of Ganapati, complete with its own lore and legend. The eight shrines are: Morgaon, Siddhatek, Pali, Mahad, Theur, Lenyadri, Ozar and Ranjangaon.
There are many other important Ganesha temples at the following locations: Wai in Maharashtra; Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh; Jodhpur, Nagaur and Raipur (Pali) in Rajasthan; Baidyanath in Bihar; Baroda, Dholaka, and Valsad in Gujarat and Dhundiraj Temple in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
Prominent Ganesha temples in southern India include the following:
Kanipakam in Chittoor; the Jambukeśvara Temple at Tiruchirapalli; at Rameshvaram and Suchindram in Tamil Nadu; at Malliyur, Kottarakara, Pazhavangadi, Kasargod in Kerala, Hampi, and Idagunji in Karnataka; and Bhadrachalam in Andhra Pradesh.
T. A. Gopinatha notes, "Every village however small has its own image of ' (Vigneshvara) with or without a temple to house it in. At entrances of villages and forts, below ' (Sacred fig) trees [...], in a niche [...] in temples of ' (Vishnu) as well as ' (Shiva) and also in separate shrines specially constructed in ' temples [...]; the figure of ' is invariably seen." Ganesha temples have also been built outside of India, including southeast Asia, Nepal (including the four "Vinayaka" shrines in the Kathmandu valley), and in several western countries.
Rise to prominence.
First appearance.
Ganesha appeared in his classic form as a clearly recognizable deity with well-defined iconographic attributes in the early 4th to 5th centuries. Shanti Lal Nagar says that the earliest known iconic image of Ganesha is in the niche of the Shiva temple at Bhumra, which has been dated to the Gupta period. His independent cult appeared by about the 10th century. Narain summarizes the controversy between devotees and academics regarding the development of Ganesha as follows:
Possible influences.
Courtright reviews various speculative theories about the early history of Ganesha, including supposed tribal traditions and animal cults, and dismisses all of them in this way:
Thapan's book on the development of Ganesha devotes a chapter to speculations about the role elephants had in early India but concludes that, "although by the second century CE the elephant-headed "" form exists it cannot be presumed to represent . There is no evidence of a deity by this name having an elephant or elephant-headed form at this early stage. had yet to make his debut."
One theory of the origin of Ganesha is that he gradually came to prominence in connection with the four Vinayakas (). In Hindu mythology, the were a group of four troublesome demons who created obstacles and difficulties but who were easily propitiated. The name Vināyaka is a common name for Ganesha both in the and in Buddhist Tantras. Krishan is one of the academics who accepts this view, stating flatly of Ganesha, "He is a non-vedic god. His origin is to be traced to the four Vināyakas, evil spirits, of the "Mānavagŗhyasūtra" (7th–4th century BCE) who cause various types of evil and suffering". Depictions of elephant-headed human figures, which some identify with Ganesha, appear in Indian art and coinage as early as the 2nd century. According to Ellawala, the elephant-headed Ganesha as lord of the Ganas was known to the people of Sri Lanka in the early pre-Christian era.
A metal plate depiction of Ganesha had been discovered in 1993, in Iran, it dated back to 1,200 BCE. Another one was discovered much before, in Lorestan Province of Iran.
Vedic and epic literature.
The title "Leader of the group" (Sanskrit: ') occurs twice in the "Rig Veda", but in neither case does it refer to the modern Ganesha. The term appears in RV 2.23.1 as a title for Brahmanaspati, according to commentators. While this verse doubtless refers to Brahmanaspati, it was later adopted for worship of Ganesha and is still used today. In rejecting any claim that this passage is evidence of Ganesha in the "Rig Veda", Ludo Rocher says that it "clearly refers to —who is the deity of the hymn—and only". Equally clearly, the second passage (RV 10.112.9) refers to Indra, who is given the epithet ", translated "Lord of the companies (of the "Maruts")." However, Rocher notes that the more recent Ganapatya literature often quotes the Rigvedic verses to give Vedic respectability to Ganesha .
Two verses in texts belonging to Black Yajurveda, ' (2.9.1) and ' (10.1), appeal to a deity as "the tusked one" (), "elephant-faced" (Hastimukha), and "with a curved trunk" (). These names are suggestive of Ganesha, and the 14th century commentator Sayana explicitly establishes this identification. The description of Dantin, possessing a twisted trunk () and holding a corn-sheaf, a sugar cane, and a club, is so characteristic of the Puranic Ganapati that Heras says "we cannot resist to accept his full identification with this Vedic Dantin". However, Krishan considers these hymns to be post-Vedic additions. Thapan reports that these passages are "generally considered to have been interpolated". Dhavalikar says, "the references to the elephant-headed deity in the ' have been proven to be very late interpolations, and thus are not very helpful for determining the early formation of the deity".
Ganesha does not appear in Indian epic literature that is dated to the Vedic period. A late interpolation to the epic poem "Mahabharata" says that the sage Vyasa () asked Ganesha to serve as his scribe to transcribe the poem as he dictated it to him. Ganesha agreed but only on condition that Vyasa recite the poem uninterrupted, that is, without pausing. The sage agreed, but found that to get any rest he needed to recite very complex passages so Ganesha would have to ask for clarifications. The story is not accepted as part of the original text by the editors of the critical edition of the "Mahabharata", in which the twenty-line story is relegated to a footnote in an appendix. The story of Ganesha acting as the scribe occurs in 37 of the 59 manuscripts consulted during preparation of the critical edition. Ganesha's association with mental agility and learning is one reason he is shown as scribe for 's dictation of the "Mahabharata" in this interpolation. Richard L. Brown dates the story to the 8th century, and Moriz Winternitz concludes that it was known as early as c. 900, but it was not added to the "Mahabharata" some 150 years later. Winternitz also notes that a distinctive feature in South Indian manuscripts of the "Mahabharata" is their omission of this Ganesha legend. The term ' is found in some recensions of the ' and ' that are regarded as interpolations. A reference to "" ("Creator of Obstacles") in "Vanaparva" is also believed to be an interpolation and does not appear in the critical edition.
Puranic period.
Stories about Ganesha often occur in the Puranic corpus. Brown notes while the Puranas "defy precise chronological ordering", the more detailed narratives of Ganesha's life are in the late texts, c. 600–1300. Yuvraj Krishan says that the Puranic myths about the birth of Ganesha and how he acquired an elephant's head are in the later Puranas, which were composed from c. 600 onwards. He elaborates on the matter to say that references to Ganesha in the earlier Puranas, such as the Vayu and Brahmanda Puranas, are later interpolations made during the 7th to 10th centuries.
In his survey of Ganesha's rise to prominence in Sanskrit literature, Ludo Rocher notes that:
Ganesha's rise to prominence was codified in the 9th century, when he was formally included as one of the five primary deities of Smartism. The 9th-century philosopher Adi Shankara popularized the "worship of the five forms" (Panchayatana puja) system among orthodox Brahmins of the Smarta tradition. This worship practice invokes the five deities Ganesha, Vishnu, Shiva, Devi, and Surya. instituted the tradition primarily to unite the principal deities of these five major sects on an equal status. This formalized the role of Ganesha as a complementary deity.
Scriptures.
Once Ganesha was accepted as one of the five principal deities of Brahmanism, some Brahmins () chose to worship Ganesha as their principal deity. They developed the Ganapatya tradition, as seen in the "Ganesha Purana" and the "Mudgala Purana".
The date of composition for the "Ganesha Purana" and the "Mudgala Purana"—and their dating relative to one another—has sparked academic debate. Both works were developed over time and contain age-layered strata. Anita Thapan reviews comments about dating and provides her own judgement. "It seems likely that the core of the Ganesha Purana appeared around the twelfth and thirteenth centuries", she says, "but was later interpolated." Lawrence W. Preston considers the most reasonable date for the "Ganesha Purana" to be between 1100 and 1400, which coincides with the apparent age of the sacred sites mentioned by the text.
R.C. Hazra suggests that the "Mudgala Purana" is older than the "Ganesha Purana", which he dates between 1100 and 1400. However, Phyllis Granoff finds problems with this relative dating and concludes that the "Mudgala Purana" was the last of the philosophical texts concerned with Ganesha. She bases her reasoning on the fact that, among other internal evidence, the "Mudgala Purana" specifically mentions the "Ganesha Purana" as one of the four Puranas (the "Brahma", the "Brahmanda", the "Ganesha", and the "Mudgala" Puranas) which deal at length with Ganesha. While the kernel of the text must be old, it was interpolated until the 17th and 18th centuries as the worship of Ganapati became more important in certain regions. Another highly regarded scripture, the Ganapati Atharvashirsa, was probably composed during the 16th or 17th centuries.
Beyond India and Hinduism.
In 1993, a metal plate depiction of Ganesha had been discovered, in Iran, dating back to 1,200 BCE.
Commercial and cultural contacts extended India's influence in western and southeast Asia. Ganesha is one of a number of Hindu deities who reached foreign lands as a result.
Ganesha was particularly worshipped by traders and merchants, who went out of India for commercial ventures. From approximately the 10th century onwards, new networks of exchange developed including the formation of trade guilds and a resurgence of money circulation. During this time, Ganesha became the principal deity associated with traders. The earliest inscription invoking Ganesha before any other deity is associated with the merchant community.
Hindus migrated to Maritime Southeast Asia and took their culture, including Ganesha, with them. Statues of Ganesha are found throughout the region, often beside Shiva sanctuaries. The forms of Ganesha found in Hindu art of Java, Bali, and Borneo show specific regional influences. The spread of Hindu culture to southeast Asia established Ganesha in modified forms in Burma, Cambodia, and Thailand. In Indochina, Hinduism and Buddhism were practiced side by side, and mutual influences can be seen in the iconography of Ganesha in the region. In Thailand, Cambodia, and among the Hindu classes of the Chams in Vietnam, Ganesha was mainly thought of as a remover of obstacles. Today in Buddhist Thailand, Ganesha is regarded as a remover of obstacles, the god of success.
Before the arrival of Islam, Afghanistan had close cultural ties with India, and the adoration of both Hindu and Buddhist deities was practiced. Examples of sculptures from the 5th to the 7th centuries have survived, suggesting that the worship of Ganesha was then in vogue in the region.
Ganesha appears in Mahayana Buddhism, not only in the form of the Buddhist god , but also as a Hindu demon form with the same name. His image appears in Buddhist sculptures during the late Gupta period. As the Buddhist god , he is often shown dancing. This form, called Ganapati, was popular in northern India, later adopted in Nepal, and then in Tibet. In Nepal, the Hindu form of Ganesha, known as Heramba, is popular; he has five heads and rides a lion. Tibetan representations of Ganesha show ambivalent views of him. A Tibetan rendering of Ganapati is "tshogs bdag". In one Tibetan form, he is shown being trodden under foot by Mahakala,(Shiva) a popular Tibetan deity. Other depictions show him as the Destroyer of Obstacles, and sometimes dancing. Ganesha appears in China and Japan in forms that show distinct regional character. In northern China, the earliest known stone statue of Ganesha carries an inscription dated to 531. In Japan, where Ganesha is known as Kangiten, the Ganesha cult was first mentioned in 806.
The canonical literature of Jainism does not mention the worship of Ganesha. However, Ganesha is worshipped by most Jains, for whom he appears to have taken over certain functions of Kubera. Jain connections with the trading community support the idea that Jainism took up Ganesha worship as a result of commercial connections. The earliest known Jain Ganesha statue dates to about the 9th century. A 15th-century Jain text lists procedures for the installation of Ganapati images. Images of Ganesha appear in the Jain temples of Rajasthan and Gujarat.

</doc>
<doc id="19376367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376367" title="Alisha Inacio">
Alisha Inacio

Alisha Inacio (born January 7, 1987) is an American professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Alexxis Nevaeh, who is currently working on the American independent circuit. She previously used the ring names Lexxus and Alexxus in New England Championship Wrestling, Chaotic Wrestling, and World Women's Wrestling. She also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling using the name Mercedes Steele.
Professional wrestling career.
New England Championship Wrestling; World Women's Wrestling.
Lexxus debuted in May 2006, at a joint New England Championship Wrestling (NECW) and World Women's Wrestling (WWW) show on May 7, defeating Mia Love. Over the next few weeks, she lost to Tanya Lee, but defeated Della Morte. This win however, would prove to be her last in 2006, as she lost to Tanya Lee, Kacee Carlisle by disqualification, Portia Perez, and Alicia. On January 27, 2007, at NECW's "SnowBrawl" show, she challenged Tanya Lee for the World Women's Wrestling Championship, but was unsuccessful. She broke her losing streak at the NECW/WWW show, "Pick you Poison", on February 25, when she defeated Portia Perez. At the NECW/WWW "1st Anniversary Spectacular" show on March 25, Lexxus defeated Mistress Belmont, who was accompanied by Della Morte. After the match, Morte attakced Lexxus, and attempted to burn her with a curling iron, but Ariel saved her.
Lexxus then began challenging for the World Women's Wrestling Championship, defeating the championship Tanya Lee on two separate occasions in non-title matches. When she gained an opportunity to win the championship at the "Double Intensity" event, however, she was unsuccessful. On August 12, Lexxus competed in two matches at a NECW/WWW show. In the first, she lost to Tanya Lee by disqualification in a singles match. In the second, however, she won the championship in a four-way match, defeating Tanya Lee, Natalia and Jana on August 12, 2007. She successfully defended the championship against Tanya Lee, Ariel, Mistress Belmont and Sammi Lane. She lost the championship to Ariel on March 9, 2009, after holding it for a year and a half. She regained the title from Ariel after defeating 10 top WWW stars first to get the title shot. She lost it to Mistress Belmont, who lost it back to Alexxis on August 8, 2010 in a steel cage match.
New England Championship Wrestling returned in May 2011 with "A Fight For Alex 2" and in their first show back, Alexxis was successful in defending her World Women's Wrestling Championship against Mistress Belmont. Later in that year, at "The Fight Before Christmas", Alexxis successfully defended her WWW Championship again against Adrianna this time. Alexxis would go on to face Adrianna several more times in 2012, became embroiled in a heated feud with Adrianna that would last a whole year and culminate in a "Taped Fist" match at NECW's December event in 2012, "Unwrapped" in Blackstone, MA. Alexxis defeated Adrianna yet again and would move on to other challenges. 
In 2013 Alexxis had her hands full with longtime rival Mistress Belmont as well as the returning Nikki Valentine to NECW. Alexxis would successfully defeat each over the course of that year. It would either be Alexxis involved in a match with one of them, or her partner and ally Kasey Ray. Often doing so via disqualification after Mistress Belmont or Nikki Valentine would receive a mysterious package at ringside or left under the ring containing various weapons such as a steel chain, whip, or even brass knuckles, and using the various weapons and being disqualified. It wasn't until NECW's 13th anniversary event, "Bash 13" when Miss Sammi Lane mader her return to NECW after a 3 year long hiatus, revealing herself to be the mystery gift giver, alinging with her "sisters" Mistress Belmont and Nikki Valentine during a tag team match with Alexxis and Kasey Ray. With that the numbers battle became too much for Alexxis to cope with. At "Double Intensity" in Beverly, MA on November 9, 2013 with both Nikki Valentine and Miss Sammi Lane in her corner, Mistress Belmont was able to successfully defeat Alexxis for her championship, ending Alexxis' 1,190 day reign as WWW Champion, the longest title reign in company history.
Chaotic Wrestling (2007–present).
Lexxus began competing in Chaotic Wrestling in March 2007, losing matches to Tanya Lee throughout March and April. After a match against Danny E. on May 18, Lexxus then became the third member of The Blowout Boys along with Danny E. and Tommy T., and gained the nickname the "Double X Diva". Her most memorable matches involved feuding with Nikki Roxx.
The Blowout Boys briefly separated in September 2008, and Lexxus remained with Danny while Tommy hired his girlfriend, Adriana, as his new manager. On November 7 at "Night of Chaos", Lexxus defeated Adriana in a match where the Blowout Boys were handcuffed together at ringside. On December 5, Lexxus changed her ring name to Alexxis at the event where Tommy turned on Adriana and rejoined Alexxis and Danny E. The Blowout Boys' first match since they reunited was on February 6, 2009 at "Cold Fury 8: Infinite Possibilities", when they defeated Fred Sampson and Psycho.
On June 3, 2011, Alexxis won the Chaotic Wrestling Women's Championship by defeating Nikki Roxx. After three title defenses over Ivy, Mercedez KV and Nikki Roxx; Alexxis lost the Women's Championship to Mercedez KV in an "I Quit" match on December 2.
Women Superstars Uncensored (2010–present).
Inacio made her debut for Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) on March 6, 2010 under the name Lexxus, teaming up with Amber against Tina San Antonio & Marti Belle, in a winning effort. They later renamed the team to "The Boston Shore". Lexxus was in the winning team on June 26, 2010 in an eight-woman tag team match, defeating Jennifer Cruz, Monique & The Killer Babes.
On May 27, 2011 at a "PWS" event in Queens, New York, The Boston Shore defeated The Belle Saints to win the WSU Tag Team Championship for the first time due to the miscommunication of The Belle Saints and Jazz. On June 25, 2011 at the "Uncensored Rumble", The Boston Shore made their first title defense against The Belle Saints in a rematch, in which The Boston Shore emerged victorious due to the distraction by Amber. However, later in the night Lexxus joined the 4th annual Uncensored Rumble match at #1, and last eliminated Serena to win the match.
Following her win, Lexxus got the right to face Mercedes Martinez for the WSU Championship. She faced Martinez in a record-breaking 73-minute contest, the longest women's wrestling match in history, but was unsuccessful in winning the title. On February 13, Amber decided to quit pro wrestling due personal demons and issues. However, WSU decided to leave Lexxus as the co-champion until she finds herself a new partner. Lexxus would end up losing the tag team titles in March. In April, she entered the J-Cup but went to a double countout with Alicia. On June 16, Lexxus won the Uncensored Rumble for the second consecutive year albeit through controversial means as the referee missed her elimination. On October 13, 2012 at "Full Steam Ahead", Lexxus was granted a WSU Championship opportunity in a Triple Threat match against WSU Champion Jessicka Havok and Alicia. Lexxus was unsuccessful as Havok pinned Alicia to retain her title.

</doc>
<doc id="19376370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376370" title="Child Health Field">
Child Health Field

The Child Health Field (properly termed the Cochrane Child Health Field) is an entity under the broader Cochrane Collaboration. The Cochrane Collaboration is a not-for-profit international organisation devoted to the promotion of evidence concerning health care interventions. This evidence is primarily disseminated through systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials that are published in the Cochrane Library. The role of fields within the collaboration is to facilitate the production of reviews within their areas of focus, to disseminate findings of reviews pertaining to that area of focus, and to liaise between the entities of the Cochrane Collaboration and the "field's specialist area of health care." In this role the Child Health Field is actively involved in the facilitation of systematic reviews, in the dissemination of child health evidence, and acts as an advocate for the concerns of child health in the production of child relevant systematic reviews.
The Child Health Field produces one publication, the journal titled "Evidence-Based Child Health", that is published by John Wiley & Sons. Wiley also publishes the Cochrane Library. This publication is solely concerned with disseminating the evidence of child relevant Cochrane systematic reviews. Each issue contains commentaries and evidence summaries on recently published reviews, a methods column concerning the production of a review, as well as one primary research effort per issue called an overview of reviews.
The Child Health Field also produces a column called "Evidence for Clinicians" that is published in "Paediatrics & Child Health". "Paediatrics & Child Health" is the official journal of the Canadian Paediatric Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19376379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376379" title="Vilovo">
Vilovo

Vilovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376380" title="Olia Berger">
Olia Berger

Olia Berger (born March 3, 1983) is a female judoka from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the women's heavyweight division (+ 78 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, alongside Ecuador's Carmen Chalá.

</doc>
<doc id="19376406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376406" title="Transient astronomical event">
Transient astronomical event

A transient astronomical event, often simply called in context by astronomers a transient, is an astronomical object or phenomenon which can be observed for typically not more than a few days. Singularly, the term is used for violent deep sky events such as supernovae and gamma ray bursts.

</doc>
<doc id="19376422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376422" title="Savage Season">
Savage Season

Savage Season is a crime novel by American writer Joe R. Lansdale, published in 1990. It is the first in a series of books and stories written by Lansdale featuring the characters Hap Collins and Leonard Pine. The novel was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award for Best (Mystery) Novel of 1990.
Plot synopsis.
"Hap and Leonard" are two Texan men who are down on their luck, both working low paying jobs well into their 40's. A former girlfriend of Hap's returns, involving the pair in a scheme to retrieve hundreds of thousands of dollars stolen from a bank and then lost in a creek in the woods in an area which Hap knows quite well. She is involved with a small group of radical leftists who wish to use the money to fund their movement; Hap and Leonard just wish to have enough to retire somewhere pleasant. Her return, as well as her continued involvement with various movement, awakens dormant emotions in Hap, leading him to wonder whether he should have devoted more time to the ideals he felt in the 1960s, and whether he had wasted his time in the interim on low-paying, go nowhere jobs. Once Hap finds the money, the leftists reveal the violent nature of their plans, and kidnap Hap and Leonard rather than pay them. The leftists are quickly betrayed when they attempt to buy guns from a local drug dealer named Soldier, which leads to a violent confrontation over the stolen money. In the end, Hap is left with conflicted emotions about the 1960s and his own part in them, regretting neither his former idealism nor his current cynicism.
Characters.
Hap Collins narrates the novel. He is exactly 40 years of age in this story (shown by twice contrasting Trudy's age with his own, and stated to be four years younger than him), and going through something of a mid-life crisis, wondering how to improve his life, when the former love of his life returns and reminds him of how he used to be. In his early 20s, when he was involved with her, Hap deliberately got drafted so that he could refuse to go and martyr himself for the cause. This led to him spending 18 months in jail and losing his relationship with Trudy. Over time, he grew more cynical about whether such movements could ever accomplish anything positive, though he continues to feel strongly for Trudy, taking her back every time she returns, and crying every time she leaves. Despite seeming to be a typical "redneck", Hap displays progressive stances on race, gender, and sexual orientation. He generally tries to remain non-violent as long as possible, but is quite adept at physical confrontation.
Leonard Pine is Hap's best friend, a gay black man from Texas (later novels explicitly reveal that he is a Republican, which is only hinted at in this novel). His backstory is not touched upon in "Savage Season", except to explain that he was a veteran of the Vietnam War. Later novels explain that he was raised alternately by his grandmother (who taught him various social values) and his uncle (who taught him how to fight and "be a man", and later rejected him for revealing his homosexuality). Leonard has few friends other than Hap because of his violent temper, preferring the company of his many dogs.
Trudy Fawst is Hap's one-time love. She believes in numerous ideals from the 1960s, and frequently attracts men sexually only to recruit them for whatever her latest cause is. Though she shows no scruples regarding her dealings with men, she does passionately believe in the various causes, even being willing to be crucified against a table rather than handing the money over to Soldier.
Howard is Trudy's current lover who, while in prison, found out about the money which was lost following a bank heist.
Chub is a member of their group; though he is consistently mocked throughout the book for being overweight, for being a trust-fund baby who joined the group out of boredom, and for his dedication to psychoanalysis, many characters re-think him following what they view as a noble death.
Paco is another member of their group, later revealed to be Gabriel Lane, a former leader of an extremely radical group of anarchists who was disfigured in an accidental explosion and passed off among various underground leftists groups to care for.
Soldier and Angel are the criminals whom the group attempts to buy guns from. Angel is a female bodybuilder, and Soldier's lover. Though Soldier is the leader, Angel is consistently both smarter and stronger than he is.

</doc>
<doc id="19376438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376438" title="Isabelle Pearson">
Isabelle Pearson

Isabelle Pearson (born March 14, 1981) is a female judoka from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the women's half middleweight division (+ 63 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, alongside Argentina's Daniela Krukower.

</doc>
<doc id="19376444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376444" title="Military Merit Medal">
Military Merit Medal

Military Merit Medal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376449" title="Miriam Batten">
Miriam Batten

Miriam Batten is a British rower. She won silver at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the quadruple scull with her younger sister Guin Batten and gold at the 1998 World Rowing Championships in the double scull with Gillian Lindsay.
On 3rd June, 2012, Miriam was amongst the rowers (with her sister, Guin) on the Gloriana (barge) with the Olympic Torch at the start of the Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant. 
Miriam was a member of the Southampton University Boat Club whilst she studied at the University of Southampton.
She is married to David Luke, who works as a physical education teacher, at Chiltern Edge Secondary School.
She is a Vice President of Thames Rowing Club, the club which she represented during her international competitive career, and a member of Upper Thames Rowing Club. She was appointed Chairman of the Henley Women's Regatta in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="19376450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376450" title="Renovation Nation">
Renovation Nation

'Renovation Nation' was a green home building show starring Steve Thomas, formerly airing on the now-defunct Planet Green channel in the US. Episodes began airing 4 June 2008, and the show produced two seasons, totaling 66 episodes, before cancellation.
Typically, an episode consisted of Thomas visiting homes that featured various types of green building projects, be they in new construction projects or in, as the title suggests, green renovations of older living spaces. Frequently homeowners and residences would be featured across multiple episodes, as each homeowner might have been involved in multiple projects such as alternative energy generation, energy conservation and eco-friendly construction techniques and materials.

</doc>
<doc id="19376459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376459" title="Elizabeth Wilson (disambiguation)">
Elizabeth Wilson (disambiguation)

Elizabeth Wilson (born 1921) is an American actress.
Elizabeth Wilson (or variants) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376497" title="Yorktown High School (New York)">
Yorktown High School (New York)

Yorktown High School is a public high school in Yorktown Heights, New York that serves students in grades 9-12. The school offers academic electives, sports, and student news and literary publications. The school is accredited by the New York State Board of Regents and Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. As of Sept. 2012, the Superintendent is Dr. Ralph Napolitano, who has been serving in the position for several years. The Principal is Joseph DeGennaro and he has been at the post since the Fall of 2008.
Controversies.
The school received local and national media attention after its principal was abruptly fired in February 2008. All of the students walked out to protest the firing and many parents expressed concerns. Despite the opposition, the firing was upheld.

</doc>
<doc id="19376509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376509" title="Henry Bret Ince">
Henry Bret Ince

Henry Bret Ince QC (1830 – 7 May 1889) was a British businessman, writer, and politician.
Ince was the eldest son of Edward Bret Ince, publisher of the "Law Journal". He was trained to the law, and became a barrister of the Inner Temple on 1 November 1852. In 1858, he published a legal commentary, "A systematic treatment of the Trustee Act, 1850, and the Extension Act of 1852". He was admitted to Lincoln's Inn "ad eundem" in 1859.
Ince was also connected with the shipping business, and was a leader writer for the "Daily News". He reported the proceedings in Vice-Chancellor Wood's court for "The Jurist".
On 28 June 1875, Ince took silk, and he was made a bencher of Lincoln's Inn on 4 November 1878. He was elected Liberal Member of Parliament for Hastings in 1883. When that constituency was reduced by a member in 1885, he was returned for Islington East, but was defeated in 1886. He died at Lincoln's Inn in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="19376511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376511" title="Blacklead Island">
Blacklead Island

Blacklead Island is a Baffin Island offshore islet located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Harrison Point and from Niante Harbour.
History.
The island had been used by the Inuit for whaling. Later used by Europeans, it was known as the Blacklead Island Whaling Station, and was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1985. In 1894 the whaling station was purchased by Mr. C. Noble and offered to Edmund Peck as an Anglican mission. Peck made several trips to England and southern Canada over the years but always returned to the mission, until he finally left in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="19376524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376524" title="Gutter Queen">
Gutter Queen

Gutter Queen is an album by Cable, released in 1999 by Hydra Head Records. The album was produced by Jeff Caxide, the group's original bass player.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Cable, except "Planet Caravan", originally written by Black Sabbath.

</doc>
<doc id="19376525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376525" title="Seth Goldman (businessman)">
Seth Goldman (businessman)

Seth Goldman is president and CEO of Honest Tea, which he co-founded in 1998 with his former business school professor, Barry Nalebuff.
Goldman grew up in Massachusetts and lives in Bethesda, Maryland. Before launching Honest Tea, Goldman was Vice President of the Calvert Group, which created the Calvert Social Index. Prior to that he was director of an AmeriCorps demonstration project in Baltimore, MD, and served as deputy press secretary for Senator Lloyd Bentsen of Texas. He worked for a year in China (1987-1988) and a year and a half in the former Soviet Union (1989-1990). He graduated from Harvard University in 1987 with a degree in government, and from the Yale School of Management in 1995. 
Goldman serves on the boards of Bethesda Green, Pennsylvania Certified Organic, Environmental Leadership Program, Happy Baby, and Net Impact. He is also an advisory board member of First Peoples Worldwide. He contributes The Mission-Driven Business blog on Inc.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19376540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376540" title="Kevin Lacroix (racing driver)">
Kevin Lacroix (racing driver)

Kevin Lacroix (born March 14, 1989) is a Canadian racing driver from Saint-Eustache, Quebec.
After karting, Lacroix drove in Formula BMW USA in 2005 and finished second with four wins. In 2006 he competed in the Star Mazda Series for John Walko Racing and finished second in points with five podium finishes but no wins. 2007 saw him compete in eight races in the second half of the Atlantic Championship season for Brooks Associates Racing. He won in his second start at Portland International Raceway. In 2008 he competed in the full Atlantic Championship schedule for Walker Racing. He finished 9th in points with a best finish of second in the season finale at Road Atlanta. He has not participated in a professional race since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19376541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376541" title="Matt Woods">
Matt Woods

Matt Woods (born 1 November 1931 in Skelmersdale, England) is a former professional footballer who played for Everton, Blackburn Rovers, Sydney Hakoah, Luton Town and Stockport County.

</doc>
<doc id="19376559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376559" title="R. Lanier Britsch">
R. Lanier Britsch

Ralph Lanier Britsch (born 1938) was a history professor at Brigham Young University who specialized in the history of missionary work by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), particularly in the Pacific Islands and Asia.
Biography.
Britsch is the son of Ralph A. Britsch, who was a BYU English professor and helped start the Humanities program at Brigham Young University. He served as a missionary for the LDS Church in Hawaii two times, first as a youth, and later as a senior missionary assigned to help document the history of the Polynesian Cultural Center. Britsch received his bachelor's degree and Master's degree from BYU, and his Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate University in 1968.
Among the books Britsch has written or edited are "Nothing More Heroic: The Compelling Story of the First Latter-day Saint missionaries in India"; "From the East: The History of the Latter-day Saints in Asia, 1851-1996"; "Moramona: The Mormons in Hawai'i" and "Unto the Islands of the Sea: A History of the Latter-day Saints in the Pacific". Britsch also wrote "Counseling: A Guide to Helping Others".
For a time, Britsch was the director of BYU's David M. Kennedy Center for International Studies.Britsch was also Vice President for Academics at Brigham Young University Hawaii between 1986 and 1990.
He and his previous wife JoAnn Murphy Britsch are the parents of six children; JoAnn died in 2005. Britsch has since married Shirley McKay in 2007.
Britsch's older brother Todd Britsch was a humanities professor and later Academic Vice President at BYU.
Britsch has served in many positions in the LDS Church, including numerous assignments in bishoprics of BYU student wards and in the leadership of BYU student stakes. He also served in the presidency of the Orem Utah Sharon Stake. He is currently a patriarch in Orem, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="19376582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376582" title="Narahara Shigeru">
Narahara Shigeru

Baron , also known as Narahara Kogorō, was a Japanese politician of the Meiji period who served as the eighth governor of Okinawa Prefecture from 1892 to 1907, and in a number of other posts over the course of his career.
A samurai of Satsuma Domain prior to the Meiji Restoration, he played a role in opposing radical elements among his fellows, though he may also have been responsible for the killing of the Englishman Richardson in the 1862 Namamugi Incident, which led to the bombardment of Kagoshima and proved damaging to the Tokugawa shogunate.
Life and career.
Narahara was born into a samurai family of Satsuma Domain (modern-day Kagoshima Prefecture). When, in 1862, Lord of Satsuma Shimazu Hisamitsu learned that radical elements among the Satsuma samurai were meeting at the Teradaya Inn in Kyoto and plotting against the shogunate, Narahara was among a number of samurai dispatched to put an end to the plots, suppress the radical movement, and bring the rebel samurai home. The ensuing skirmish, in which a number were killed, has come to be known as the Teradaya Incident.
Another major incident involving samurai of Satsuma occurred several months later, at Namamugi, near Yokohama. In the so-called Namamugi Incident, an Englishman named Richardson was killed, and two men accompanying him seriously wounded, when they failed to dismount and step aside for a group of Satsuma samurai coming the other way down the road. Historian George Kerr claims it was Narahara who killed Richardson. However, other sources indicate that the Narahara Kizaemon often named as having been involved in this incident was in fact Shigeru's brother and not Shigeru himself.
Following the 1868 Meiji Restoration, the shogunate fell, the system of "han" (feudal domains) was abolished along with the samurai class, and a new "modern" government was established, heavily influenced by Western systems. Narahara, like many former samurai officials, became a politician in this new system, as the administration of Satsuma Domain was reorganized into that of Kagoshima Prefecture. He now filled the role of chief retainer to former daimyo Shimazu Saburō and manager of his affairs.
In January 1872, Narahara and another Kagoshima official, Ijichi Sadaka, led a mission to Shuri, the capital of the Okinawan kingdom of Ryūkyū. The previous year, there had been an incident in which an Okinawan fishing boat crashed on Taiwan; there was a struggle between the Okinawan fishermen and a group of Taiwanese aborigines, which ended in the death of most of the Okinawans. This developed into an international incident, calling into question Chinese and Japanese claims to both Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands and drawing Tokyo's attention to the threat posed to (the rest of) Japan should China or a Western power seize, colonize, or otherwise exert influence over Ryukyu. Meeting with officials at Shuri, Narahara and Ijichi discussed a number of matters including matters of the kingdom's debts and tax obligations to Kagoshima, exploitation of coal deposits recently discovered on the Yaeyama Islands, and the need for the king of Ryukyu to formally pay his respects to the Emperor of Japan, thus symbolically acknowledging his subordination and that of his kingdom to the Empire of Japan.
Narahara left the Kagoshima administration for Tokyo and entered the Home Ministry in 1878 and, after serving as governor of Shizuoka Prefecture and in other posts for a time, in 1892 he became governor of Okinawa Prefecture.
His term is marked by the end of the "policy of preserving the old customs" (旧慣温存, "kyūkan onzon") in Okinawa, or the "'Do Nothing' Era" as historian George H. Kerr dubs it; up until this point, Tokyo's policies towards Okinawa largely focused on maintaining old customs and administrative forms so as to appease local discontent, encourage pro-Japanese attitudes, and avoid feeding pro-Chinese attitudes. Under Narahara, this era of maintenance of the old ways came to an end, and Westernization and modernization efforts which had already been underway in the rest of Japan for several decades began to be undertaken in Okinawa. These efforts chiefly included land reforms, harbor construction, and the implementation of the national system of public education. Extensive administrative reforms, including the redrawing of districts and reorganization of local assemblies, were undertaken to establish modern administrative methods and systems in Okinawa resembling those now in place in the other Japanese prefectures, and the first steps were taken towards Okinawan representation in the National Diet. The establishment of a Temporary Land Readjustment Bureau in 1898, which aimed to convert roughly three-quarters of the total land area of the prefecture, traditionally communal land, into private land subject to modern administration and individual, rather than communal village-level, taxation, is identified by George Kerr as "one of the great turning points in Okinawan history, and the most significant event to take place between the king's abdication in 1879 and the American invasion of 1945."
Even so, despite extensive reforms and modernization efforts, the prefecture's economic and political situation vis-a-vis Tokyo could be said to have more closely resembled that of a colony than that of an integral part of the home country. Narahara was not popular in Okinawa. He is said to have largely ignored the needs of Okinawan farmers, and to have given preferential treatment to men from his home province of Satsuma (Kagoshima prefecture). A number of movements arose opposing his policies; one was led by prefectural official Jahana Noboru and connected to the Freedom and People's Rights Movement (自由民権運動, "jiyū minken undō") active in other parts of the country. Jahana and his compatriots accused Narahara's administration of unfair policies and unjust treatment; the movement was ultimately suppressed by Narahara. Another group of officials and other prominent Okinawans, called the "Kōdō-kai" (公同会, "Public Unity Association"), sought to reunite the Okinawan people under Okinawan leadership, and called for the replacement of Narahara as governor with the Marquis Shō Tai, who had abdicated as king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom years earlier. Though the "Kōdō-kai" was not calling for Okinawan independence, and supported an Okinawan administration within the Empire of Japan and subordinate to the government at Tokyo, the central government deemed that giving in to their demands could be seen to reflect an acknowledgment of Japanese misrule or Okinawan dissatisfaction, and could contribute to the debate over sovereignty of the islands. Thus, the movement was quickly crushed.
After serving as governor of Okinawa for fifteen years, Narahara was succeeded by his chief assistant, Hibi Kimei, in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19376590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376590" title="Monroe Free Press">
Monroe Free Press

The Monroe Free Press is a weekly newspaper serving the Monroe, Louisiana, El Dorado, Arkansas area. The "Free Press", established in 1969 by Roosevelt Wright, Jrl, is the largest of two weekly newspapers in Monroe serving the African-American community. 

</doc>
<doc id="19376627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376627" title="Gurgen">
Gurgen

Gurgen (, ) is an Armenian and Georgian masculine name of Parthian origin which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376632" title="Sigal Avin">
Sigal Avin

Sigal Avin (born 1974 in Miami, Florida) is an American Israeli screenwriter, playwright and director. 
Her most notable works are the Israeli comedy "Irreversible," and Israeli dramas "The Game of Life", "Michaela", "Telenovella Inc", "The Mythological Ex" and the American drama "The Ex List" on CBS, starring Elizabeth Reaser and Rachel Boston. 
Sigal lives in NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="19376643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376643" title="Carmen Rodríguez">
Carmen Rodríguez

Carmen Rodríguez (born June 19, 1948) is a Chilean-Canadian author, poet, educator, political social activist, and a founding member of "Aquelarre Magazine". Along with her husband and daughters, she fled to Canada after the Chilean Coup of 1973 and where she now resides as a political refugee. Rodríguez is known for her unique approach to writing, publishing most of her work in both Spanish and English. The translations of Rodríguez's work are done by her alone, a trend not commonly followed among other multilingual authors. Rodríguez translates her work until "feels that both tips of tongue and [her two sets of ears were satisfied with the final product.'" Rodríguez's major works are "and a body to remember with", a collection of short stories, and "Guerra Prolongada/Protracted War", a collection of poems in both English and Spanish
Rodríguez's first publication was a short story submitted for an annual literary competition in Chile in 1972, for which she received an honorable mention. In Canada, Rodríguez has had her works published in "Paula" magazine, "Aquelarre" magazine, "Capilano Review", "Fireweed", "Norte-Sur" and "Prison Journal".
Biography.
Chile: 1948–73.
Carmen Rodríguez was born and raised in a lower-middle-class family in Valdivia, Chile, where she lived until she was 25. Both her parents were teachers: her father taught in a school, while her mother home schooled Rodríguez and her two older brothers. Rodríguez's generation was the first in her family to attend a university. While attending the University of Chile, Rodríguez married her first husband at 18. The following year, she had her first daughter, Carmen, at 19, followed by her second, Alejandra, at 20; she raised her daughters while going to university. Later on, Rodríguez taught at the University of Chile in Santiago as a professor of English in the Faculty of Philosophy and Education.
Rodríguez describes Chile prior to the Chilean coup of 1973, as "a place of hope, a place where a peaceful road to socialism could have become a model for social justice around the world. It was not to be. Lost profits and the threat of diminished power spoke loudly and acted relentlessly". At the time of coup, which occurred on September 11, Rodríguez was teaching at the University of Austral in the south of Chile. On that day, the President of the Chilean government was overthrown by the military. Although she did not belong to any official political parties at the time, she did express support for the socialist project, which resulted in the addition of her name to Augusto Pinochet's military blacklist of "people required to turn themselves in". This list contained the names of those who supported ideologies to which the government of Chile was opposed. Consequently, her house was raided and her two young daughters were forced against a wall with guns against their backs (Silvera 210). Some of her friends and neighbors were killed in the ensuing political turmoil. These events led to her decision to leave Chile with her family.
Rodríguez fled Chile on December 15, 1973, with her husband and two daughters, ages six and five. Rodríguez later wrote of the coup: "If justice truly existed, all of those responsible for these crimes against humanity would be tried and prosecuted. But we live in a world where economic interests are valued well above human life, a world where millions starve while a select group prospers". Her experiences of fleeing Chile, being forced into exile, and being torn between two cultures, have played a central role in Rodríguez's writing.
Immigration and revolutionary politics: 1974–84.
Carmen Rodríguez and her family first sought refuge in California, where they boarded with friends, and Rodríguez studied while working on obtaining papers to reside in Canada. The family moved to Vancouver, on August 7, 1974, and lived there for five years. Upon their arrival, Rodríguez enrolled in graduate school at the University of British Columbia in order to study literature. While in Canada, one of Rodríguez's older brothers who was also in exile died. Rodríguez describes her initial experience as an immigrant this way: "Canada: for the first few years I didn't really live here. I lived here, but I was Chilean. I lived in function of my quick return. I lived so that I could tell people here about what had happened there. I lived making sure that my daughters would not forget Chile, would not forget their mother tongue." (Silvera 210).
While living in Canada, Rodríguez became very active in the Chilean resistance to the Pinochet regime. When in Vancouver, Rodríguez had her Chilean passport seized as a result of her outspoken views on crimes against Chilean human rights. Thus, Rodríguez was forbidden to visit countries outside Canada until she obtained her Canadian citizenship in 1979. That year, Rodríguez, along with her daughters and Bob, her Canadian partner, traveled to Argentina and Bolivia to "collaborate with the armed resistances organization, the Movement for the Revolutionary Left (MIR)", a socialist party. Rodríguez has yet to reveal the details of her underground work there.
Canada: 1984–present.
Rodríguez and her family returned to Vancouver in 1984, where they currently reside. She then divorced her husband whom she married in Chile, and started a relationship with a Canadian man named Bob, who is now deceased. She has since remarried, and also has a son. Rodríguez did not return to Chile until 1987, more than 15 years after she left. Commenting on Chile after the coup, she said, "to this day Chileans are suffering from collective amnesia. The country is now a model of how things can change and they don't want to remember how it happened. They don't want any rocking of the boat".
After returning to Canada, Rodríguez became very active in her community. She was the chair of the Writers' Union of Canada's Union Racial Minority Writers Committee and Social Justice Taskforce, as well as being a founding member of the Aquelarre Collective, a feminist group responsible for the production of Aquelarre Magazine. The purpose of this magazine was to provide a voice to the community of exiled Chileans. In 1997, she published the book "and a body to remember with" in Vancouver, and in the same year published in Chile the Spanish version of the book "De Cuerpo Entero". She has continued teaching as she did when she was in Chile, conducting courses at Langara College, the University College of the Fraser Valley, and, beginning in January 2009, as an adjunct professor of Spanish and writer in residence at the University of British Columbia. Recently, she worked at the Department of Education at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, along with being an Adult Literacy Consultant, working with the First Nations people of Canada. Rodríguez has been a correspondent for Radio Canada International since 1990, discussing cultural, social, political and economic news in Canada on a show entitled "Canadá en las Américas".
Influences.
Rodríguez has been most influenced by her political exile from Chile and her transition into life in a foreign country. Her flight caused her to reflect on exile, living in different cultures, and speaking different languages. Her bilingualism, and the translation between two languages, has also been a source of both difficulty and inspiration for Rodríguez. As a result of her experiences and life torn between two nations, Rodríguez does not identify as solely Canadian, nor as solely Chilean (Silvera 209). Rather, she defines herself as Chilean-Canadian (Silvera 209).
Translation.
Rodríguez believes that translation requires "reincarnating the soul of a piece". Often, her works are composed in Spanish, and then reworked in English, or vice versa, "involving a process of back and forth" between the two languages. This can be a slow process, but it reflects her life in both cultures. Rodríguez suggests that this translation enhances her awareness of the nuances between the languages and the "two worlds that lives in". Ultimately, her aim is to create two works that "share the same soul". Her choice to publish her works bilingually was encouraged "by her desire to acknowledge the existence of Canadians in a bilingual world, forced by the hand of the dominance of English".
After experimenting with others translating her work, Rodríguez "began the fascinating process of translating them It only took a few attempts to realize that [she had embarked on something that could no longer be called 'translation.'" As she translates from one language to another, she tries to find the appropriate wording and context in English that would correspond to the Spanish. However, her poems and stories started to have different meanings in their respective languages. She translates her literary work more than once, until "I felt that both tips of my tongue and my two sets of ears were satisfied with the final product...this process mirrors my hyphenated existence. I live and work on a teeter-totter, moving back and forth between two cultures and languages."
Aquelarre magazine.
The Aquelarre magazine, subtitled "a Magazine for Latin American Women/Revista de la Mujer International", was the main project of a group of exiled Chilean feminists in Vancouver who called themselves the Aquelarre Collective. The Collective had a common view of the future with "room for life" and hoped for a future without oppression. Two members, Irene Boisier (Irene Policzer in Canada) and Eugenia Vasquez, both exiled Chileans, were inspired to create the magazine after attending the Fifth Feminist Conference of Latin America and the Caribbean. The common themes of the magazine were "women, feminism and strength" and it was meant to empower women in both Canada and South America. It was produced by volunteers who, like Rodríguez, also often had families and full-time jobs. Much of the time was spent raising funds, in addition to editing and producing content for the magazine. Twenty-one issues of the magazine were produced, with the first in July 1989. Although the numbers of contributors and volunteers varied with each issue, there were "about twelve core members and fifteen volunteers, both men and women" that contributed regularly. Aquelarre eventually gained popularity, achieving an international audience.
Rodríguez was instrumental in the magazine's foundation. She helped organize an art exhibit in Vancouver in 1987, attended by many Chilean women, one of whom stayed with Rodríguez. This woman "suggested that the exiled Chileans create a magazine to share their accomplishments with other women, in and outside of Canada". It was important to Rodríguez that the magazine be bilingual so that it would be accessible to women both in Canada and Latin America.
Major works.
The stories and poems of Carmen Rodríguez "...not only create community out of traumatic memories, but also in solidarity with the persecuted and in the acknowledgment of being a part of a chain of memories and presences." (Montes 75).
"and a body to remember with".
Rodríguez's "and a body to remember with", a collection of short stories, has been described as an exploration of "how hard it can be to re-root oneself" during exile. The Spanish version of the book is entitled "De cuerpo entero" and was, like the English version, also published in 1997, though the works are subtly different; as Rodríguez seeks to evoke feelings in the reader that are relevant to each culture. This text explores life in exile, and how "forgetting tragic event is not an option". It delves into the difficulties an immigrant or displaced person experiences, whether they affect the person directly or indirectly. Rodríguez's book, in both languages, focuses on the experiences of migration and immigration of women, making sure to assess the physical and emotional adjustments that must be made, adding another woman's perspective and experience to the book through each narrative. The book's main characters are all women, and with each story Rodríguez's use of the body, "the fullness of the body, its terrible fragmentation, or the body as a void" is used to express the experiences of the characters. Rodríguez often purposely defragments the voices and bodies of her protagonists to give a sense of urgency.
"Guerra Prolongada/Protracted War".
"Guerra Prolongada/Protracted War" is a collection of poems composed and translated by Carmen Rodríguez which serves as a historical account of the 1973 Chilean coup. Rodríguez's poetry has been praised for "her insistence on conveying real rather than merely imagined experience". The topics cover the "revolution and the murder of Chilean revolutionaries" as well as "her identity as a woman and lover". Her book has a strong feminist component, but Rodríguez also includes other social issues in her writing. Her poetry is drawn from events in her life, such as phone conversations with her dying mother, including aspects of her daily life. Consequently, her style as a poet is consistently concerned with appropriately conveying reality. Moreover, Rodríguez is aware that her audience may not be familiar with Chile. As a result of this, she procures her poems from real experience.

</doc>
<doc id="19376664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376664" title="Rhydymwyn">
Rhydymwyn

Rhydymwyn (the word in Welsh means 'Ford of the Ore' and takes its placename from the ford across the River Alyn now replaced by a small iron bridge) is a village in Flintshire, Wales, located in the upper Alyn valley. Once a district of Mold, it was recognised as a separate parish from 1865. It is now part of the community of Cilcain.
Geography.
The geology of the area consists of a layer of extremely pure, and hence structurally sound, thick layer of limestone at depths ranging from surface to . The limestone holds other minerals, including copper, nickel and copper deposits, making it an ideal site for mining.
History.
Due to the industrialisation of nearby Northwest England, and its needs for mineral supplies, the mineral deposits in the Alyn valley created a population explosion in various villages, including Rhydymwyn. From the mid-18th century, Rhydymwyn was the site for a range of industries, which included foundries, waterwheels as well as mine workings.
The new parish of Rhydymwyn was created on 31 March 1865, comprising: parts of the townships of Gwysaney and Gwernaffield, formerly in the parish of Mold; parts of the townships of Cefn and Glust (or Llysdianhunedd), and the whole of the township of Mechlas, formerly in the parish of Cilcain; and part of the township of Caerfallwch, formerly in the parish of Northop. The foundation stone of the new parish church, dedicated to St. John the Evangelist, was laid on 1 August 1861, and the church was consecrated on 17 September 1864. It has been designated a grade II* listed building.
The Denbigh and Mold Junction Railway had a Rhydymwyn station on the south side of A541, which opened on 6 September 1869. With the closure of the line under the Beeching Axe, the station closed to passengers on 30 April 1962 and completely from 4 May 1964. The former station building is now a private house.
Ffynnon leinw.
Approximately from Rhydymwyn is the small hamlet of Hendre. Along the main road from the old Sardis Chapel, and only a few feet from the edge of the A541 there is an ancient well - Ffynnon leinw - (leinw comes from the Welsh word "llanw" meaning tide as it is reported that the water in the well rose and ebbed with the tides of the Dee Estuary). The well has been listed as one of the holy wells of Wales on a par with the more famous St Winefride's Well in Holywell. The well in Hendre is mentioned by Thomas Pennant in his 'A Tour in Wales' - written between 1778–1783 and also by Giraldus Cambrensis or Gerald of Wales in his 'Journey through Wales' written in 1188 - an itinerary of his journeys as he accompanied Archbishop Baldwin of Exeter to enlist support for the Third Crusade.
Mendelssohn and Charles Kingsley.
The famous German composer Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy composed The Rivulet in 1829 while visiting his father's friend, John Taylor, (himself a famous mining engineer and entrepreneur) and his family in 1829 who rented Coed Du. This work was inspired by the beauty of the countryside. During the same visit, Mendelssohn composed his operetta "Son and Stranger".
Charles Kingsley, author of "The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby" also came and walked the Leete and both his and Mendelssohn's visits are commemorated by a plaque in Nant Alyn Road, Rhydymwyn.
Recent times.
In the autumn of 2000, local rainfall was exceptional in terms of intensity and duration. Between 28 October and 6 November, 68 homes and 8 businesses flooded in Rhydymwyn because of overflow from the River Alyn. In 2002 and 2003, DEFRA's internal team in two phases created a flood alarm and protection scheme to protect the whole village and Valley Works, with a level of protection in excess of a flood with a 1% chance of occurring in any one year. The total cost for the scheme was £88,000.
Valley Works.
The Rhydymwyn Valley Site has an important history. During the early 19th century the site included an important iron foundry. Copper mining, iron working and agriculture have all added to the varied history of the area. The Rhydymwyn Valley Site was renamed in 1939 and became M.S.Factory Valley and was involved in the manufacture, assembly and storage of chemical weapons from 1940–1959 and later became a bulk storage depot for emergency supplies. The site of the Valley Works has now been returned to nature, attracts a wide variety of wildlife and is now designated as a nature reserve as outlined on a plaque [http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/99055] at the entrance gates.
The Rhydymwyn Valley Nature Reserve.
Valley has not been used since the mid-1990s. In the preceding postwar period many of the buildings were still in use, mainly as a buffer storage depot, but some were demolished because they were considered dangerous. The site has become a Nature Reserve and a Visitor Centre was built on the site of the old gatehouse.
The site covers to the south of the village in a U shaped valley. The site was once the home to ancient copper mines and a 19th-century metal foundry. The western side of the site is semi-ancient deciduous woodland with an understorey of wild garlic, snowdrops, bluebells and orchids. The River Alyn flows in from the north west corner of the site and follows the western side of the valley. The river originally meandered through the centre of the valley but it was diverted as part of the early construction works. The river was canalised and given steep concrete sides and a concrete base. The middle section of the river is culverted underground for two sections. The site is now home to 7 herptile species, 8 species of fish, 17 species of butterfly/moth and 8 species of bat. 67 bird species have nested or been observed on the site.
The site is guarded by Carillion Facilities Management (CFM) who have provided these services to the Rhydymwym site since 1992. [http://www.carillionplc.com/sustainability/case_studies/case_studies_biodiversity_defra.asp] but managed access is encouraged and it is now extensively used by visiting parties. North East Wales Wildlife are contracted to manage the nature reserve and welcome visitors from school age upwards. Friends of Rhydymwyn Valley is a community group with an interest in the protection and encouragement of the flora and fauna within the Rhydymwyn Nature reserve and in the history of the Rhydymwyn Valley, and its members have access to the Reserve and welcome visitors. The Valley History Society also regularly arrange guided tours including access to the tunnel complex. Visits to the site can be arranged through the Visitor Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19376667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376667" title="FOS Open Scouting">
FOS Open Scouting

FOS Open Scouting or FOS is a pluralistic, internationally oriented, coeducational, Flemish Scout and Guide organisation in Belgium and is a member of the Guidisme et Scoutisme en Belgique/Gidsen- en Scoutsbeweging in België (GSB, Guides and Scouts Movement of Belgium). FOS is a federation of 58 Scout Groups. 
History.
The first pluralistic Boy Scouts organisation in Belgium was the "Boy-Scouts de Belgique" (B.S.B.) founded in 1910. 1913 was the "Sea Scouts of Belgium" (S.S.B) and in 1914 "Eclaireurs de Belgique" (E.B.) founded. In 1916 the S.S.B and the E.B. merged with the B.S.B.. In the same year was the "Girl-Guides van België" (G.G.B.) founded, the first pluralistic Girl Guide organisation. 1945 the B.S.B. and the G.G.B. merged to form the Boy-Scouts en Girl-Guides van België (B.S.B.-G.G.B.). 1966 the B.S.B.-G.G.B. split in a Flemish organisation, "Federatie voor Open Scoutisme" (F.O.S.) and a Walloon organisation, "Fédération des Eclaireuses et Eclaireurs" (F.E.E.), later renamed to Scouts et Guides Pluralistes de Belgique (S.G.P.). In 1999 dropped F.O.S. the dots and renamed to "FOS Open Scouting".
Sections.
VG = Verkenner-Gids
Foundations.
FOS is more traditional than the Scouts en Gidsen Vlaanderen and actively uses Class badges.
Active pluralism.
All children and young people from 6 years are welcome in FOS. Race, social origin, nationality, sexual orientation, physical or cultural differences is never a basis for refusal. Also are people with any philosophical, religious or political conviction welcome as long as these principles are compatible with the vision of Open Scouting. FOS believes that a conviction is never finished, that you have to accept that a different view can and may have consequences and that you basically always have to be willing to review your vision and possibly amend it. FOS encourages a respectful dialogue about the various forms of spirituality in society. This confrontation of ideas is believed to enrich the spiritual choices of the members. 
The promise of the FOS makes no reference to a god or a religion only to a higher ideal.
<poem>I promise, on my honour, to try:
To be loyal to a higher ideal, our group and democracy
To obey the guides/scouts law 
To help where possible</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="19376679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376679" title="Colorado Amendment 59">
Colorado Amendment 59

Initiative 126 or the Savings Account for Education Initiative will appear on the ballot as Amendment 59. The measure would create a savings account within the State Education Fund, to be funded from 10% of the monies deposited into the State Education Fund, including revenue that would otherwise be rebated under the TABOR (Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights) rules, which the measure calls for diverting to the State Education Fund.
Beginning in 2011, Amendment 59 repeals the constitutional requirement to increase annual spending on schools by an amount equal to inflation and student enrolment growth – the permanent demand of Amendment 23. The other major part of that constitutional amendment, requiring annual 1% increases in school spending, expires automatically in 2010.
This measure is a citizen-initiated constitutional amendment.
Details of the proposal.
Specifically, this measure would:
The official ballot title reads:
An amendment to the Colorado constitution concerning the manner in which the state funds public education from preschool through the twelfth grade, and, in connection therewith, requiring that any revenue that the state would otherwise be required to refund pursuant to the constitutional limit on state fiscal year spending (Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights) be transferred instead to the state education fund; eliminating the requirement that, for the 2011-12 state fiscal year and each state fiscal year thereafter, the statewide base per pupil funding for public education from preschool through the twelfth grade and the total state funding for all categorical programs increase annually by at least the rate of inflation; for the 2010-11 state fiscal year and each state fiscal year thereafter, creating a state education fund savings account in the state education fund; requiring that a portion of the state income tax revenue that is deposited in the state education fund be credited to the savings account in certain circumstances; requiring a bill to be passed by either a two-thirds majority vote of each house of the general assembly or, in any state fiscal year in which Colorado personal income grows less than six percent between the two previous calendar years, by a simple majority vote of the general assembly to use the moneys in the savings account; establishing the purposes for which moneys in the savings account may be spent; establishing a maximum amount that may be in the savings account in any state fiscal year; and allowing the general assembly to transfer moneys from the general fund to the state education fund, notwithstanding any limitations on annual general fund appropriations, so long as certain obligations for transportation funding are met.
Supporters.
House Speaker Andrew Romanoff is the leading proponent of this measure, as well as the very similar Initiative 125, in order to fix problems and conflicts he sees in the state Constitution, between the Taxpayer Bill of Rights (TABOR) spending requirements and Amendment 23, which protects and boosts education spending. Both initiatives would eliminate the tax refunds from TABOR and would put the money into a state education fund to be used for specific education purposes.
Romanoff and State Sen. Steve Johnson introduced the so-called Savings Account For Education (SAFE) measure in the Legislature, where it died. Supporters hope to get a better outcome by taking the issue to the voters.
The group spearheading the effort is called Colorado SAFE: Savings Accounts for Education.
Also supporting the measure are State Sen. Ken Gordon, the Colorado Children's Campaign, AARP in Colorado, the Colorado Association of School Boards, and Republican state Attorney General John Suthers.
Supporters say this measure will protect public education funding by dedicating a permanent source of funding, thus untangling what they see as a "fiscal knot" in Colorado's constitution. At the same time, the measure preserves the right of citizens to vote on taxes, one of the main features of TABOR.
Trustees of Metropolitan State College of Denver endorsed the ballot measure on Sept. 4, 2008.
Romanoff said it is important that the state set aside money, as this measure would do, during good economic times in preparation for the inevitable bad times. "If times are good," he said, "we don't need to spend every dime we're taking in."
Romanoff said the State Education Fund is like a "bucket" of money for public education, but the bucket is getting emptied out faster than it can be refilled. "It doesn't do any good to have the State Education Fund if there's no money in it," he said. This measure would eliminate the requirement that state education spending increase at a set rate.
Opponents.
Numerous Republican lawmakers have expressed opposition to the measure, including Douglas Bruce, who helped write TABOR. Bruce said the measure "would mean unlimited state funding forever." Bruce says the main objective of the measure is to get rid of TABOR and make unfettered spending easier.
"If he couldn't convince his Democratic colleagues and the governor of doing this through the (legislative-referred) referendum process, the question is how is he going to convince the rest of Colorado to give up their tax refunds," said Jon Caldera, executive director of the Independence Institute. "I'm not going to worry about it until he gets on the ballot."
Financial backing.
Colorado Safe raised more than $500,000 in the first two weeks of September, according to campaign finance reports. Donors included the National Education Association ($250,000), the Denver Foundation ($225,000). The committee's total donations as of Sept. 15, 2008, was $1.3 million. The group had $374,000 on hand.

</doc>
<doc id="19376683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376683" title="513th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
513th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 513th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 86th Air Division, based at Phalsbourg-Bourscheid Air Base, France. It was inactivated on 8 January 1961.
History.
World War II.
Established as a dive-bomber attack squadron at Key Field, Mississippi on 1 March 1943, Trained with numerous attack aircraft both at Key Field and at Congree Army Airfield, South Carolina until May 1944. Converted to a Fighter-Bomber squadron and deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO) in March 1944. Assigned to IX Fighter Command.
Entered combat with P-47 Thunderbolts in May when the Allies were preparing for the invasion of the Continent. Provided area cover during the landings in Jun, and afterward flew armed-reconnaissance and dive-bombing missions against the enemy, attacking such targets as motor transports, gun emplacements, ammunition dumps, rail lines, marshalling yards, and bridges during the campaign in Normandy. Helped prepare the way for the Allied breakthrough at St Lo on 25 July
Moved to the Continent early in August 1944 and continued to provide tactical air support for ground forces. Aided the Allied drive across France, operated closely with ground forces and flew interdiction missions during the drive to the Moselle-Saar region.
Shifted operations from the Saar basin to the Ardennes and assisted the beleaguered garrison at Bastogne after the Germans had launched the counteroffensive that precipitated the Battle of the Bulge. Operated almost exclusively within a ten-mile radius of Bastogne from 23–27 December 1944, attacking tanks, vehicles, defended buildings, and gun positions. Flew escort, interdiction, and close-support missions in the Ruhr Valley early in 1945 and thus assisted Allied ground forces in their drive to and across the Rhine.
Remained in Europe after V-E Day, being assigned to United States Air Forces in Europe for duty in Bremen, Germany (AAF Station Nordholz) with the army of occupation. Inactivated on 20 August 1946, personnel and equipment being assigned to 86th Fighter Group keeping with Air Force policy of having low-numbered units active as much as possible.
Cold War.
Reactivated in England as an air defense interceptor squadron in July 1952 and assigned to the United States Air Forces in Europe Third Air Force, initially equipped with F-84G Thunderjets. Tasked with both fighter-bomber and air defense roles in the United Kingdom. In the fall of 1953, the squadron was re-equipped with F-86F Sabres which were returned from action in Korea. In 1956, the unit was upgraded to the F-86D Sabre interceptor version and the squadron's mission was changed to assist RAF Fighter Command with air defense of the United Kingdom.
Host 406th FIW was inactivated in March 1958. Reassigned to the 86th Fighter-Bomber Wing at Ramstein AB, West Germany, however stationed at Phalsbourg-Bourscheid AB, France, in a detached status. Operated from Phalsbourg until January 1961 when the F-86s were withdrawn from Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19376687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376687" title="Five Medals">
Five Medals

Five Medals (also recorded as Wonongaseah or Wannangsea, from the Potawatomi "Wa-nyano-zhoneya", "Five-coin" or "Five-medal") first appeared in eastern records after the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He was a leader of the Elkhart River Potawatomi. He disappears from the records shortly after the end of the War of 1812. Five Medals led his people in defense of their homelands and then led his people into the new world of agriculture.
Peace on the Frontier.
In November 1794, long after the Battle of Fallen Timbers (August 18, 1794), the Potawatomi turned to the Americans for an end to the War. Five Medals led a delegation to Fort Wayne and arranged to discuss peace at Greenville the following January. The armistice was concluded in January and a June peace council was arranged, also at Greenville. In 1796, the Americans were concerned over the continued contact between the Potawatomi along the St. Joseph River. To enhance their position, the American Indian Agents arranged to send a delegation of Potawatomi, Shawnee, Miami, Odawa (Ottawa) and Chippewa (Ojibwa), from Wabash to Philadelphia, the nation’s capital. Five Medals was one of the two Potawatomi chiefs to go. Sailing from Detroit, they arrived in Philadelphia, where President Washington honored them with a banquet. Washington extolled the chiefs to honor the Greenville Treaty, which had been the result of a terrible war. He also called for all the tribes to take up agriculture. By 1800 Five Medals convinced Topinabee that the poor winter hunts since 1796 could only be corrected if the tribe adopted agricultural methods. Topinabee asked the Americans for assistance.
In December 1801, another delegation went east, this time to Washington, the new Capital. This delegation was led by Little Turtle of the Miami. Stopping in Baltimore, Five Medals addressed a convention of Quakers, asking for assistance in agriculture and in stopping the flow of whiskey. In Washington, Five Medals supported Little Turtle's call for annuity distribution at Fort Wayne instead of Detroit, which was more convenient to both nations. The villages further west than St. Joseph received little if any of the payment. Both leaders also joined Little Turtle’s call for the suppression of the liquor trade. Whiskey was reaching the Potawatomi from the Wabash River trade. Governor Harrison moved to have the annuities paid at Fort Wayne, then called for a land cession council at Vincennes.
Land Cessions.
Topinabee, Five Medals, Magaago, and Keesass came for the Potawatomi. The land in question was well south of Keesass’ town, which was the furthest south of the Potawatomi villages. When the treaty was completed in June 1803, the Potawatomi agreed to it. In 1807, William Kirk, a Quaker missionary, and Five Medals met to arrange for an agricultural mission to his village. It never materialized. That year and the next four years, he, Winamac, and Topinabee continued to ask the American Government for agricultural help. The equipment that was sent was never used. William Kirk had been sent for the purpose of assisting the Indian people in learning to use these tools, but conflict with Little Turtle's son-in-law, William Wells, led Kirk to move to Wapakoneta, Ohio to assist the Shawnees. Eventually, Thomas Jefferson withdrew his support for the Quaker project. In September 1809, Governor Harrison met in council at Fort Wayne with the Winamac, Five Medals, and Keesass of the Potawatomi and the Miami chiefs. When the Miami refused to negotiate land cessions, the Potawatomi held firm to the Miami as allies, even as Winamac worked to convince the Miami to sell their land. Because of the proximity of American forts to Five Medals' village, he remained friendly with the Americans, as did Keesass. He was concerned with Tecumseh because of the trouble that would follow. In spite of repeated entreaties, Five Medals refused to listen to Tecumseh.
War of 1812.
Through the winter of 1811–1812, Potawatomi raids were launched against settlements in southern Indiana and Illinois. To end the destruction, councils were called by the Americans to take place at Cahokia and Vincennes. Winamac and Five Medals assured the agents that the few anti-American warriors were not representative of the Potawatomi. Because of the influence of the pro-British chiefs, Winamac and Five Medals refused a trip to Washington. Tecumseh the Shawnee spoke at the council blaming Winamac and Five Medals for not controlling their warriors. In May, Tecumseh called an all-Indian council at Mississinewa. Here Five Medals realized that he no longer had control of his warriors. He hurried to Fort Wayne to warn the commander there. Here he learned that a family from his village had been attacked on their return from a trade visit to Kentucky. While the government obtained the family members taken prisoner and made presents for the two warriors killed, this only increased the hostility of the warriors against Five Medals. When Tecumseh and the Prophet moved to Prophetstown on the Tippecanoe, many of the Potawatomi warriors moved with them.
In August 1812, the Potawatomi supported the British at the siege of Detroit, which resulted in the surrender of the Post to the British. Immediately, the Potawatomi laid siege to Fort Wayne. Five Medals was forced to support. Governor Harrison started troops up the Wabash River to relieve the siege, which was accomplished on September 12. In retaliation for the siege, Harrison sent two detachments to raid the Potawatomi villages in northern Indiana while his troops continued to Detroit. Major Samuel Wells led one detachment to the Elkhart where Five Medals' villages were located; because they were vacant only the crops and buildings were destroyed. After the destruction of the village on the Elkhart River, Five Medals' people moved nearer to Detroit on the Huron River.
Many Potawatomi continued with Tecumseh in support of the British and were defeated at the Battle of the Thames (October 5, 1813). When the American Brigadier General Duncan McArthur extended a truce to the nations of the lower lakes, Governor Harrison at first refused to let the Potawatomi join. He relented to insure peace on the frontier and Topinabee, Five Medals and Main Poc signed for the Potawatomi. It was Topinabee, Five Medals, and Metea, who attended the Greenville council in July 1814, which sought to end the hostilities. The other chiefs stayed away. On August 12, 1815, a treaty of peace was signed between the Americans and Topinabee, Chebass, Five Medals, Metea, and Mad Sturgeon. In 1815, with the treaty ending the war, Shabbona and Senachewine were supported by the Indian Agent at Peoria as the tribal leaders against the Fort Wayne Agents selection of Five Medals and Metea and the Chicago Indian Agents support of Topinabee and Chebass. The confusion caused by these separate designations of tribal leaders began confusion among the Americans who sought to designate a single chief.
In 1818 the Treaty of St. Mary's ceded of Potawatomi land in western Indiana (Wabash River west) and in eastern Illinois. Many individual bribes were given to the chiefs of all the participating nations. Topinabee, Five Medals, Chebass, Moran, and Mad Sturgeon all signed the treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="19376704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376704" title="Hugo Siles-Alvarado">
Hugo Siles-Alvarado

E. Hugo Siles-Alvarado, was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Bolivia from July 2007 - February 2009. He is married and the father of three children.
Education.
Siles-Alvarado attended the University of Uppsala, Sweden, where he received a Master of Science degree in 1975. His undergraduate work was performed at the University of San Andrés in La Paz; Macalester College, Minnesota and the University of Minnesota in the United States.
Career.
Prior to his appointment, Siles-Alvarado worked with Varian Medical Systems from 2004 to 2005. During the same period, he was with the Las Vegas Education Department, Las Vegas, Nevada in the United States, as a physics instructor. For several months in 2004, he was a professor of basic science with the Catholic University in Cochabamba, Bolivia. Before his work as a professor of basic science, he worked in the field of medical physics in Bolivia, Ecuador and the United States, dealing with radiation therapy and radiological protection. In 1973 he began a teaching career, which encompassed physics and numerical analysis, at several Bolivian universities. His first teaching position was with the University of San Andres in La Paz.

</doc>
<doc id="19376709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376709" title="All Is Fair in Love and War">
All Is Fair in Love and War

All Is Fair in Love and War is the debut album by the metal band Blessed by a Broken Heart.

</doc>
<doc id="19376714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376714" title="Xenopeltis hainanensis">
Xenopeltis hainanensis

Xenopeltis hainanensis is a non-venomous sunbeam snake species found in China and Vietnam. This is a primitive snake known for its highly iridescent scales. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
This snake grows to an average of about .5 to 1 m. A fossorial species, the head is wedge-shaped and narrow with little neck delineation, which makes it easy to push through the soil. Its most defining characteristic is its iridescent, highly polished scales that give this snake its common name (sunbeam snake). The dorsal scales a layer of dark (indigo-brown) pigmentation just below the surface on each scale that enhances the iridescence. The ventral scales are greyish-white. 
This species differs from its sister taxon Xenopeltis unicolor in several ways. It has a singular postocular scale rather than two, fewer ventral, supralabial, and infralabial scales, a shorter tail, and fewer maxillary teeth. 
The holotype of the species is Chengdu Institute of Biology specimen CIB 64III6016, a male collected in 1964. The paratype, CIB 64III6650, is a female collected the same year. 
Both species together form the family Xenopeltidae, a primitive group of snakes with both boid and python characteristics.
Geographic range.
Xenopeltis hainanensis is found in "isolated pockets" of southeastern China (from Guangxi east to Zhejiang and south to Hainan) and northern Vietnam. The type locality given is Dali village, Diaoluo Shan (Mount Diaoluo) on Hainan island, China. 
Habitat.
This snake tends to live on forest slopes, at heights between 900 and 1100 metres above sea level.
Behavior.
These snakes are not venomous, but are constrictors, killing their prey by suffocation in their muscular coils. They are fossorial and spend most of their time below ground.
Feeding.
The diet is varied, consisting primarily of frogs, reptiles, including other snakes, and small mammals. The young look very similar to the adults, except that they have a strong white "collar" of scales evident just below the head. This coloration fades within the first year.
Reproduction.
This species of snake is ovoviviparous, with females laying up to 10 eggs at a time.

</doc>
<doc id="19376719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376719" title="Nuvujen Island">
Nuvujen Island

Nuvujen Island is an uninhbited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago ("the capes") in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies on the western shore of Cumberland Sound, between Irvine Inlet to the northwest and Robert Peel Inlet to the southeast.
History.
In the mid 19th century, approximately 100 Inuit lived on the island according to the journal kept by Mrs. Margaret Penny while she voyaged with her husband, Captain William Penny and explorer William Gillies Ross, aboard the whaler "Lady Franklin" in this region in 1857/58. The island became an established whaling base at the time. According to Hodge, the Talirpingmiut population dropped to 26 by 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="19376722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376722" title="Adam Rothenberg">
Adam Rothenberg

Adam Rothenberg is an American film and television actor.
Early life.
Adam Rothenberg was born to Gillian and Kenneth Rothenberg in Tenafly, New Jersey on June 20, 1975. He is of Jewish ancestry on his father's side and has six siblings.
In a 2008 interview with "People Magazine", Rothenberg discussed his work before turning to acting: "I was a garbage man and was a fact-checker for "Mademoiselle". The worst was as a security guard: gruesome 12-hour shifts in front of an elevator."
According to TV Guide's 'Fast Facts', Rothenberg trained at The Acting Studio, Inc. - New York in New York City where he performed numerous roles with Chelsea Repertory Company & LAB, and served in the Army for two years (1996–97) in Germany. The "Chicago Tribune" also discussed Rothenberg's army experience, describing him as "a college dropout who enlisted in the Army and served with an anti-aircraft unit in Germany", pointing out how this equipped him to deal with the role of Stanley in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (2004).
Career.
Rothenberg's acting performances have been varied, with a mix of TV and Film and theatre work.
In New York, Rothenberg has starred in many off-broadway shows. These include the lead in Second Stage's revival of "Danny and the Deep Blue Sea" (2004), as well as his critically acclaimed role in The Women's Project's "Birdy" (2003). In 2006, Rothenberg played the Scottish storyteller "Chimney Bosch" in the MCC Theater's "The Wooden Breeks", directed by Trip Cullman. Outside of New York, Rothenberg starred opposite Patricia Clarkson as 'Stanley Kowalski' in "A Streetcar Named Desire" at the Kennedy Center's Tennessee Williams Festival (2004) . At the Williamstown Theatre Festival he has starred as 'Lord Darlington' in "Lady Windermere's Fan", directed by Moises Kaufman (2005), as 'Doug' in Alexandra Gersten-Vassilaros's "Mother of Invention", directed by Nicholas Martin (2003), and, more recently, as Krogstad in "A Doll's House" (2011). Rothenberg starred in The Mark Taper Forum's 2011 production of "Burn This". Other theatre performances include: "Finder’s Fee" (Edinburgh Fringe Festival), "A Steady Rain, The Center of Gravity, Mad Forest, I’m Really Here" and "Almost Like Being".
In his screen work, Adam Rothenberg filmed one of the lead roles in Fox's television unaired pilot "Damages" and he was also one of the leads in the half-hour comedy "Misconceptions", which too did not air. He appeared in a recurring role in the television series "The Ex List" (2008, 13 episodes). His other screen appearances include:

</doc>
<doc id="19376734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376734" title="National Collegiate Table Tennis Association">
National Collegiate Table Tennis Association

The National Collegiate Table Tennis Association (NCTTA) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting competitive table tennis at the collegiate level in the United States and Canada. As of 2012, 155 universities competed in 28 geographical divisions, organized into 6 different regions throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico.
Co-ed's Teams Contest.
The co-ed's team contest consists of at least 4 and a maximum of 8 male or female players from a university competing against another school.
Women's teams contest.
The women's teams contest consists of at least 4 and a maximum of 8 female players from a university competing against another school.
Divisional Competition.
Throughout an NCTTA season, each division holds several competitions for its member schools during the Fall and Spring. All the member schools in a division play each other at least twice during a season. The champion from each division advances to the National Championship along with several wild card (at-large) selections based on team performance. NCTTA divisions include: 
National Championship.
Around April of each year, the divisional champions from the divisional tournaments compete with each other for the National Championships. This event is held in conjunction to the National Collegiate Singles, and doubles event sponsored by ACUI (as of the 2012 National Championships, this is no longer true). The eight events include Men's Team, Women's Team, Men's Singles, Women's Singles, Paralympic (Disabled) Singles, Men's Doubles, Women's Doubles, and Mixed Doubles (cancelled for 2012).
Media.
The NCTTA has a bimonthly article published in the USATT magazine. The National Collegiate Championships and NCTTA membered schools have been featured on ESPN, Sports Illustrated. 
Previous national Champions include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19376742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376742" title="Bruce Jakosky">
Bruce Jakosky

Bruce Martin Jakosky (born December 9, 1955) has been involved with the Viking, Solar Mesosphere Explorer, Clementine, Mars Observer, Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Odyssey, Mars Science Laboratory and MAVEN spacecraft missions, and is involved in planning future spacecraft missions.
Biography.
Career.
Jakosky heads up the University of Colorado at Boulder team within the NASA Astrobiology Institute. He serves on numerous national advisory committees. He serves as Associate Director for Science in the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado at Boulder. He is an expert in Earth and planetary geology and extraterrestrial life, including both the science and the societal and philosophical issues relating to the science. His research interests are in the geology of planetary surfaces, specifically the geology of Mars, the evolution of the martian atmosphere and climate, atmospheric chemistry, the potential for life on Mars and elsewhere, and the philosophical and societal issues in astrobiology.
In September 2008, the MAVEN project, a Mars orbiter, was chosen as an upcoming NASA exploration mission. The probe is due to launch in 2013. Jakosky is serving as the MAVEN's principal investigator. The $485 million program represents the largest research contract ever awarded to the University of Colorado at Boulder.

</doc>
<doc id="19376753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376753" title="Helmet discography">
Helmet discography

The discography of Helmet, a New York-based alternative metal band formed in 1989, consists of seven full-length studio albums, two compilation albums, fifteen singles, and fourteen music videos. This list does not include material performed by members or former members of Helmet that was recorded with Adair, Anthrax, Band of Susans, Biohazard, The Cult, Disturbing the Peace, Exodus, Norma Jean, Testament, Tomahawk and White Zombie.
Biography.
Helmet appeared on the New York underground scene in 1989 after vocalist/guitarist Page Hamilton had left Band of Susans. They were spotted by Tom Hazelmyer and signed to his Amphetamine Reptile Records label, releasing their debut 7 inch single, "Born Annoying", later that year. The label then released their first album, "Strap It On", in 1990. After touring in support of that album, Helmet signed to Interscope Records in 1991 and started recording their second album, "Meantime", which was released a year later. "Meantime" was far more successful, peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart, and in 68th position on "Billboard 200". The critically acclaimed album also provided their first ever charting single "Unsung", which remains one of Helmet's live staples the album has sold over 2 million copies worldwide, and later became the band's only album to achieve Gold status in the United States.
After the release of "Meantime", original guitarist Peter Mengede left Helmet on bad terms and was replaced by Rob Echeverria. The band returned to the studio with co-producer T-Ray in the fall of 1993, to record their third album. "Betty", released in June 1994, earned the band its highest chart position, debuting at #45 on the "Billboard 200" chart, with "Milquetoast", "Biscuits for Smut" and "Wilma's Rainbow" in particular becoming major rock radio hits at the time. Despite this, the album was not as successful as "Meantime", and Echeverria soon left Helmet to join Biohazard. The band continued as a three-piece while recording their next album, "Aftertaste", which was released in 1997. After recording was complete, guitarist Chris Traynor (formerly of Orange 9mm) was recruited for the supporting tour. Although "Exactly What You Wanted" became a moderate radio hit, the album spent only a few weeks on the "Billboard 200" chart. In 1998, Helmet decided to break up after "9 years, 1600 shows" and 5 albums.
A long period of inactivity ended in early 2004 when Hamilton decided to resurrect Helmet, with a new lineup of John Tempesta on drums and Chris Traynor (guitarist on the "Aftertaste" tour) on bass. This lineup recorded the band's first post-reunion album "Size Matters", which was released in September 2004. After recording was done, bassist Frank Bello was brought in so Traynor could return to guitar. However, Bello left before its conclusion to reunite with Anthrax, who was then reuniting with the "classic" "Among the Living" lineup. Jeremy Chatelain replaced Bello for the duration of the tour. Tempesta also left band in early 2006 to join the reunited Cult.
In late 2005, Helmet abandoned their fourteen-year relationship with Interscope and signed with Warcon Enterprises. The band had also announced that a new album was in the works for an early summer 2006 release. Helmet performed at the 2006 South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas, with a temporary lineup consisting of Charlie Walker on drums, Chris Traynor on bass, and Anthony Truglio (formerly of Gandhi) on guitar. The new album, "Monochrome", released in July 2006, was recorded and co-produced by Wharton Tiers, who recorded Helmet's first two albums. For the album, Hamilton and Traynor returned to the studio with newly recruited drummer, Mike Jost (formerly of Adair). Helmet headlined the 2006 Warped Tour in support of "Monochrome", with Jeremy Chatelain reprising his role from the 2005 "Size Matters" tour.
Helmet's latest album, "Seeing Eye Dog", was released on September 7, 2010 via Work Song, the label imprint shared by singer/songwriter Joe Henry and Helmet mainman Page Hamilton's manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19376768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376768" title="Napoletano">
Napoletano

Napoletano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376777" title="Amir Talai">
Amir Talai

Amir Talai (born June 24, 1977) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is the voice of Master Crane and other characters in "".
Early life.
Talai was born in San Francisco, California on June 24, 1977, of Iranian descent.
Career.
Talai made appearances in "MADtv", "Adventures in Homeschooling", "Nip/Tuck", "Cold Case", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Gilmore Girls", and "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip". He also played Raza in "Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay". He played Wendell in "Best Player".
Talai is now the new voice of Master Crane in "", replacing David Cross (as well, Talai also voices many other characters); Talai also voiced Crane in the "Kung Fu Panda 2" video game, taking over from Drew Massey (who voiced Crane in the first "Kung Fu Panda" video game).

</doc>
<doc id="19376802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376802" title="Pierre Lambert de la Motte">
Pierre Lambert de la Motte

Pierre Lambert de la Motte (16 January 1624 – 15 January 1679) was a French bishop. He was a founding member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society and became a missionary in Asia.
Life.
Born in La Boissière, Calvados, Lambert de la Motte was recruited by Alexander de Rhodes as a secular clergy volunteer to become a missionary in Asia, together with François Pallu and Ignace Cotolendi. They were sent to the Far East as Apostolic vicars. 
In 1658 Pierre Lambert de la Motte was nominated Bishop of Beirut, Vicar Apostolic of Cochinchina. The three bishops left France (1660–62) to go to their respective missions, and crossed Persia and India on foot, since Portugal would have refused to take non-Padroado missionaries by ship, and the Dutch and the English refused to take Catholic missionaries. 
Mgr Lambert left Marseilles on 26 November 1660 accompanied by Fathers De Bourges and Deydier, and reached Mergui in Siam 18 months later. Mgr Pallu joined Mgr Lambert in the capital of Siam, Ayutthaya, after 24 months overland, and Mgr Cotolendi died upon arrival in India on 6 August 1662. Siam thus became the first country to receive the evangelization efforts of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, to be followed by new missions 40 years later in Cochinchina, Tonkin and parts of China.
Mgr Lampert together with Pallu founded in 1665-66 the general seminary in Ayutthaya, Siam (the "Seminary of Saint Joseph" then "Seminary of the Holy Angels", at the origin of the College General now in Penang, Malaysia).
In 1670, Mgr Lampert went to Tonkin together with the secular priests Jacques de Bourges and Gabriel Bouchard to establish a church there, and created the congregation of Amantes de la Croix de Jésus-Christ.
On 23 July 1677, after 12 years in Siam, Mgr Lampert went to Cohinchina to take up his see.
He soon returned to Siam, where he died in 1679, in the capital Ayutthaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19376824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376824" title="Uncompressed video">
Uncompressed video

Uncompressed video, also called Clean HDMI, is digital video information that has not been compressed, or was not processed with compression on it when the video was captured directly via video capture (e.g. from a digital camera). It stands for the related data stream or the file format used in the video capture process. The purpose is significantly higher quality compared to lossy compression, allowing even resolution upscaling.
This article over focuses on HDMI, the reality is uncompressed video can be cared over several data paths including SDI and other standards. The HDMI specification specifies several modes of uncompressed digital video. Although often HD video capable cameras include a HDMI interface for playback or even live preview, the image processor and the video processor of cameras usable for uncompressed video must be able to deliver the full image resolution at the specified frame rate in realtime without any missing frames causing judder. Therefore usable uncompressed video out of HDMI is often called "Clean HDMI".
Currently "uncompressed video" is supported by Nikon DSLRs with the Expeed 3 (FR) and Expeed 4 image/video processor (currently Nikon D4, D4S, D800/D800E, D600, D610, D7100, D5200 and D5300), the Canon EOS-1D C, the Canon 5D Mark III with firmware 1.2.1 and professional video cameras (see list of video cameras supporting a raw format), which use proprietary raw video formats like CinemaDNG (open format) or ArriRaw with similarities to the raw image format.
Characteristics.
Due to the high video compression in MPEG encoding, the video quality of "uncompressed video" delivers even more image resolution and sharpness than the related Raw image format.
It has the further advantage of higher quality due to no motion blur (no motion compensation) and no compression artifacts.
Currently there is no standardized "uncompressed video" file format except for HDMI, which uses the YCbCr and RGB formats listed below. This makes it necessary to store it best with a related description file about the used resolution and video mode. These files can be combined with lossless compression with the use of file archivers.
Lossless video compression.
Lossless video compression can be delivered with a variety of video codecs. In test some codecs performed an average compression of over factor 3.
Uncompressed video recording.
Setting up the camera is often new especially for DSLR users. The built in video interface in cameras is mostly an HDMI or, in professional cameras, a Serial digital interface (SDI or HD-SDI); converters between both are available.
Uncompressed video recorder.
Portable recorders are an easy, reliable and complete solution for receiving and storing uncompressed video. Partly they receive uncompressed video, but only record lossy compressed video, often in the lossy Apple ProRes 422 or DNxHD codecs. Professional recorders support multiple channels of uncompressed HDMI, DVI or (HD-)SDI recording, but are limited by the total data rate.
Recording to a computer.
Recording to a computer enables low-cost to highest performance solutions for laptop or desktop computers, but the computer should be prepared as it must act like a real-time operating system (RTOS). Any other significant program activity including background processes - for example not needed Windows startup processes (use for example Autoruns) or Windows services (use Service Control Manager), including automatic updates or virus scanners - may disrupt, distort or stop the video recording. Disconnection of not needed computer networks and increasing the process priority of the recording realtime process often helps to use most of the computer speed. Hard disk drives have to be fast solid-state drives (SSDs) and/or RAID to be capable of the data-rate of HD videos and/or multiple channels.
Video capture interface.
HDMI, DVI and HD-SDI inputs are available as PCI Express (partly multi-channel) or ExpressCard, USB 3.0 and Thunderbolt interface also for 2160p (4K resolution).
Wireless video interface.
Wireless interfaces like Wireless LAN (WLAN, Wi-Fi) are only usable for Full HD with highest speed (IEEE 802.11n-2009). Alternatives are (partly future) interfaces like WirelessHD, WiDi, Wireless Home Digital Interface (WHDI), Wireless HDMI and Wireless Gigabit Alliance. A disadvantage is that any - even shorttime - disruption or bandwidth decrease of the wireless connection will disrupt, distort or stop the video recording.
Uncompressed video recording software.
Software for "uncompressed video" is often supplied with suitable hardware or available for free: Ingex (open source).
Storage and Data Rates for Uncompressed Video.
Constant bitrate formula: Uncompressed data rate = color depths * vertical resolution * horizontal resolution * refresh frequency
24bit @ 1080i @ 30fps :24*1920*1080*30=1.49 Gbps.
24bit @ 1080p @ 60fps :24*1920*1080*60=2.98 Gbit/s.
The storage and data rates for the widely used YCbCr 4:2:2 chroma subsampling uncompressed video are listed below:
8 bit @ 720 x 486 @ 29.97fps = 20 MB per/sec, or 70 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 720 x 486 @ 29.97fps = 27 MB per/sec, or 94 GB per/hr.
8 bit @ 720 x 576 @ 25fps = 20 MB per/sec, or 70 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 720 x 576 @ 25fps = 26 MB per/sec, or 93 GB per/hr.
8 bit @ 1280 x 720 @ 59.94fps = 105 MB per/sec, or 370 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1280 x 720 @ 59.94fps = 140 MB per/sec, or 494 GB per/hr.
8 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 24fps = 95 MB per/sec, or 334 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 24fps = 127 MB per/sec, or 445 GB per/hr.
8 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 25fps = 99 MB per/sec, or 348 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 25fps = 132 MB per/sec, or 463 GB per/hr.
8 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 29.97fps = 119 MB per/sec, or 417 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 29.97fps = 158 MB per/sec, or 556 GB per/hr.
1080i and 1080p HDTV RGB (4:4:4) uncompressed
10 bit @ 1280 x 720p @ 60fps = 211 MB per/sec, or 742 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 24fps = 190 MB per/sec, or 667 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 50i = 198 MB per/sec, or 695 GB per/hr.
10 bit @ 1920 x 1080 @ 60i = 237 MB per/sec, or 834 GB per/hr.
HDMI 1.3a Specifications.
According to HDMI 1.3a Spec.
Detailed timing is found in CEA-861-D or a later version of CEA-861 for the following video format timings.
Cameras mostly use the progressive segmented frame format: for example a 25p/30p progressive scan is transported in a 50i/60i interlaced format respectively, but with identical information: No deinterlacing should be used.
• 640x480p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 1280x720p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 1920x1080i @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 720x480p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 720(1440)x480i @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 1280x720p @ 50 Hz
• 1920x1080i @ 50 Hz
• 720x576p @ 50 Hz
• 720(1440)x576i @ 50 Hz
• 720(1440)x240p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 2880x480i @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 2880x240p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 1440x480p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 1920x1080p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 720(1440)x288p @ 50 Hz
• 2880x576i @ 50 Hz
• 2880x288p @ 50 Hz
• 1440x576p @ 50 Hz
• 1920x1080p @ 50 Hz
• 1920x1080p @ 23.98/24 Hz
• 1920x1080p @ 25 Hz
• 1920x1080p @ 29.97/30 Hz
• 2880x480p @ 59.94/60 Hz
• 2880x576p @ 50 Hz
• 1920x1080i (1250 total) @ 50 Hz
• 720(1440)x480i @ 119.88/120 Hz
• 720x480p @ 119.88/120 Hz
• 1920x1080i @ 119.88/120 Hz
• 1280x720p @ 119.88/120 Hz
• 720(1440)x480i @ 239.76/240 Hz
• 720x480p @ 239.76/240 Hz
• 720(1440)x576i @ 100 Hz
• 720x576p @ 100 Hz
• 1920x1080i @ 100 Hz
• 1280x720p @ 100 Hz
• 720(1440)x576i @ 200 Hz
• 720X576p @ 200 Hz
There are three different pixel encodings that may be sent across an HDMI cable: YCbCr 4:4:4 (chroma subsampling), YCbCr 4:2:2 and RGB 4:4:4. 
There are four color depths supported: 24-, 30-, 36- and 48-bits per pixel.

</doc>
<doc id="19376832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376832" title="Sahil">
Sahil

Sahil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376846" title="Borshchevo">
Borshchevo

Borshchevo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376855" title="University at Buffalo's Accounting Association">
University at Buffalo's Accounting Association

The University at Buffalo Accounting Association (UBAA) is a student organization that is available to any accounting student in the School of Management at the University at Buffalo in Buffalo, New York, USA. UBAA is a student-run organization that assists accounting students in learning the profession and networking with accounting professionals.
Membership requirements.
Each semester potential members and current members must reach certain requirements in order to earn/retain their membership status.
Spring semester.
Each member is required to attend one of each of the following events per semester
Committees.
In addition to completing the semester requirements for membership, each potential and current member must serve on a committee.
Community service.
BAA organizes volunteers for events around the area. Some ideas from past semesters have been participating in Buffalo News Kid's Day, Habitat for Humanity, Clothing drives, Food Drives, UB's Open House, and Heart Ball.
Fundraising.
BAA organizes fundraising events throughout the year, such as selling discount cards sponsored by local merchants, selling UBAA shirts, raising funds with participating restaurants, and selling raffle tickets.
Social.
Events have been bowling, movie nights, rock climbing, and sporting events.
Tutoring.
BAA reaches out to local high-school students to help them progress their accounting skills and answer questions regarding the industry.
VITA.
BAA serves the community by preparing tax-returns with user-friendly software for low-income citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19376894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376894" title="Actuarial Society of Turkey">
Actuarial Society of Turkey

The Actuarial Society of Turkey () is the association of actuaries in Turkey. It is a professional organisation whose purpose is the advancement of actuarial science applied to life, health, property, casualty, pension and similar risk exposures.
The Society was founded in 1951 under the name "Türkiye Aktüerler Cemiyeti" and from initial twelve members it has grown to more than 119. The Society is an associate member of the International Actuarial Association. Current chairman of the Society is Orhun Emre Çelik.
Members.
In 1951, there were twelve founding members of the Society:
Board.
Current Board of Directors (2012-2014)

</doc>
<doc id="19376907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376907" title="Puls">
Puls

Puls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19376911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376911" title="The Best of The Everly Brothers">
The Best of The Everly Brothers

The Best of the Everly Brothers is the first compilation album by the rock and roll duo The Everly Brothers, released in 1959. It was released by their first record company, Cadence Records, and contains both sides of their first six singles for the label in chronological order.
Allmusic states in their review "this original Cadence compilation still holds up nicely after almost half-a-century."

</doc>
<doc id="19376937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376937" title="Todd Britsch">
Todd Britsch

Todd A. Britsch (born 1938) is an emeritus professor of humanities and a former academic vice president at Brigham Young University (BYU).
Biography.
Britsch was born in 1937, the year before his father Ralph Britsch joined the faculty at BYU in Provo, Utah. After serving a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Switzerland and Austria, Todd Britsch graduated from BYU in 1962. 
While at BYU, Britsch met his wife, Dorothy Crofts, and they are the parents of two children. They were married in the Bern Switzerland Temple. Dorothy Britsch died in 2003. 
After undergraduate work, Britsch did a Ph.D. in General Humanities at Florida State University. Via ambition and labor, this did not take long; only four years after leaving as an undergraduate, Britsch was back as a member of the faculty at BYU in 1966. 
By the mid-1970s he was Director of the Department of Humanities within the College of Humanities where he taught the historical and artistic features of the Western Tradition from ancient Greece down to the 20th-century. His personal-professional style was characterized by discipline, clear insight, dry humor, and a flexible approach to problem-solving. His father held a faculty teaching position under him. During his time as Director a course in Asian humanities was added to broaden offerings beyond traditional western culture studies. 
From 1992 to 1996 Britsch served as BYU's academic vice president.
A poem by Britsch was published in the "Ensign".

</doc>
<doc id="19376941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376941" title="Aupaluktut Island">
Aupaluktut Island

Aupaluktut Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound and is approximately above sea level. Robert Peel Inlet is approximately away.

</doc>
<doc id="19376964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376964" title="Thankful (Aaron Pritchett album)">
Thankful (Aaron Pritchett album)

Thankful is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music singer Aaron Pritchett. It was released on September 9, 2008 by 604 Records. The album's first three singles charted on the Canadian Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19376970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376970" title="Judo at the 2002 South American Games">
Judo at the 2002 South American Games

This page shows the results of the Judo Competition for men and women at the 2002 South American Games, with the finals held on Sunday August 4, 2002 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19376986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376986" title="Blue Feather">
Blue Feather

"This article is about the song, for the Dutch group see Blue Feather (band)"
"Blue Feather" is a popular song written in 1909 with music by Theodore F. Morse and lyrics by Jack Mahoney. In the song the singer is expressing his love for sweet Blue Feather. The chorus is:

</doc>
<doc id="19376988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19376988" title="Danish National Cycle Routes">
Danish National Cycle Routes

The Danish National Cycle Routes (Danish: "Danmarks nationale cykelruter") together form the national cycling route network of Denmark. There are currently 11 such long-distance cycling routes across Denmark largely established mainly to promote bicycle tourism. There are over of marked bicycle routes in Denmark.
Routes.
There are 11 National Cycle Routes in Denmark. (Note that there is no 11th route, but there is a 12th!)

</doc>
<doc id="19377001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377001" title="Leslee Bender">
Leslee Bender

Leslee Bender is an American fitness educator.
Bender has been involved in the fitness industry since the early 1980s. She is certified by the American College of Sports Medicine and the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Bender trains fitness professionals internationally and educates the general public. She speaks at fitness conferences around the world and has produced several workout videos designed for home use. Hundreds of fitness clubs have implemented her system of Pilates training.
Leslee Bender developed the Bender Ball, a small, pliant stability ball. She integrates the Bender Ball and her trademarked method of Selective Stabilization to improve the efficacy and safety of abdominal workouts.
Bender founded and operates her own fitness facility, The Pilates Coach, in Reno, NV.
Consumer Complaints.
Many consumers have complained that Savvier Fitness, the marketing company behind the Bender Ball, charges credit cards without authorization after initial purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="19377005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377005" title="Amlekhganj">
Amlekhganj

Amlekhganj ("also" Amlekhgunj) (Nepali:अमलेखगंज) is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,006 persons living in 742 individual households. At one time it was famed as the starting point of the Nepal Government Railway (NGR) which connected it with Raxaul in India.
Transport.
The town is served by a branch railway from Raxaul, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19377011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377011" title="Amritganj">
Amritganj

Amritganj is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,502 persons living in 907 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377012" title="Minuma Tsūsen-bori">
Minuma Tsūsen-bori

The lock was constructed for the purpose of transporting rice from the surrounding region to Edo. Ships that leave Minuma were to first enter the Shiba River, then travel to the Arakawa River, and eventually to the Sumida River, which runs through the former city of Edo. Since the level of the Minuma Irrigation Canal is three meters higher than that of the Shiba River, the lock was constructed under the command of in 1731.
Of the four separate gates which were originally built, three were reconstructed between 1994 and 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19377013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377013" title="Nitro High School">
Nitro High School

Nitro High School is a public high school in the city of Nitro in Kanawha County, West Virginia. It is one of eight public high schools in the Kanawha County School District. The school was founded in 1917. It has a student enrollment of about 750 students in grades 9-12.

</doc>
<doc id="19377014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377014" title="Rama">
Rama

SriRama or SriRam (राम) (రామ) or sriRaamar (Tamil) is the seventh avatar of the God Vishnu in Hinduism, and a king of Ayodhya in Hindu scriptures. Along with Krishna, the eighth avatar of Vishnu, SriRama is considered to be the most important avatar of Vishnu. He is also one of the most popular gods in Hinduism and is widely worshipped throughout Nepal and India. In a few SriRama-centric sects, SriRama is considered the Supreme Being, rather than an avatar of Vishnu. SriRama was born in Suryavansha (Ikshvaku Vansham) later known as Raghuvansha after king Raghu. When depicted with his brother Lakshman and consort Sita, with Hanuman kneeling in a state of prayer, this form is called Ram Parivar, and is the typical fixture depicting SriRama in Hindu temples. The Hindi word parivar translates as "family." 
SriRama is one of the many popular figures and deities in Hinduism, specifically Vaishnavism and Vaishnava religious scriptures in South and Southeast Asia. In Ayodhya, the Indian city believed to be the birthplace of SriRama, he is also worshipped as an infant or SriRama Lalla. Most of the details of SriRama's life come from the Ramayana, one of the two great epics of India.
Born as the eldest son of Kausalya and Dasharatha, king of Ayodhya, SriRama is referred to within Hinduism as "Maryada Purushottama", literally "the Perfect Man" or "Lord of Self-Control" or "Lord of Virtue". SriRama is the husband of Sita, whom Hindus consider to be an Avatar of Lakshmi and the embodiment of perfect womanhood.
SriRama's life and journey is one of perfect adherence to dharma despite harsh tests of life and time. He is pictured as the ideal man and the perfect human. For the sake of his father's honour, SriRama abandons his claim to Kosala's throne to serve an exile of fourteen years in the forest. His wife Sita and brother Lakshmana, unable to live without SriRama, decide to join him, and all three spend the fourteen years in exile together. While in exile, Sita is kidnapped by Ravana, the Rakshasa monarch of Lanka. After a long and arduous search that tests his personal strength and virtue, SriRama fights a colossal war against Ravana's armies. In a war of powerful and magical beings, greatly destructive weaponry and battles, SriRama slays Ravana in battle and liberates his wife. Having completed his exile, SriRama returns to be crowned king in Ayodhya (the capital of his kingdom) and eventually becomes emperor, rules with happiness, peace, prosperity and justice—a period known as "SriRama Rajya".
SriRama's courage in searching for Sita and fighting a terrible war to rescue his wife and their honour is complemented by Sita's absolute devotion to her husband's love, and perfect chastity despite being Ravana's captive. SriRama's younger brothers, namely Lakshmana, Shatrughna and Bharata strongly complement his piety, virtue and strength, and they are believed by many to belong to the "Maryada Purushottama" and the Seventh Avatara, mainly embodied by SriRama. SriRama's piety and virtue attract powerful and devoted allies such as Hanuman and the Vanaras of Kishkindha, with whose help he rescues Sita. The legend of SriRama is deeply influential and popular in the societies of the Indian subcontinent and across South East Asia. SriRama is revered for his unending compassion, courage and devotion to religious values and duty.
Etymology.
As a personal name it appears in RV 10.93.14:
The feminine form of the adjective, ' is an epithet of the night (Ratri), as is ', the feminine of "Krishna", viz. "the dark one; the black one". Two Ramas are mentioned in the Vedas, with the patronymics "Mārgaveya" and "Aupatasvini"; another SriRama with the patronymic "Jāmadagnya" is the supposed author of a Rigvedic hymn. Three Ramas were celebrated in post-Vedic times,
In the Vishnu sahasranama, SriRama is the 394th name of Vishnu. In the interpretation of Adi Shankara's commentary, translated by Swami Tapasyananda of the Ramakrishna Mission, SriRama has two meanings: the supreme Brahman who is the eternally blissful spiritual Self in whom yogis delight, or the One (i.e., Vishnu) who out of His own will assumed the(the universe) enchanting form of SriRama, the son of Dasaratha.
Other names of SriRama include Ramavijaya (Javanese), Phreah Ream (Khmer), Phra Ram (Lao and Thai), Megat Seri SriRama (Malay), Raja Bantugan (Maranao) and Ramar (Tamil).
Literary sources.
The primary source of the life and journey of SriRama is the epic Ramayana as composed by the Rishi Valmiki. The Vishnu Purana also recounts SriRama as Vishnu's seventh avatar, and in the Bhagavata Purana, ninth skandha, adhyayas 10 & 11, the story of the Ramayana is again recounted in brief up to and including the slaying of Ravana and Prince SriRama's return to Ayodhya. Additionally, the tales of SriRama are reverently spoken of in the "Mahabharata".
The epic had many versions across India's regions. However, other scriptures in Sanskrit also reflect the life of Ramayana. The followers of Madhvacharya believe that an older version of the Ramayana, the mula-Ramayana, previously existed. They consider it to have been more authoritative than the version by Valmiki. Another important shortened version of the epic in Sanskrit is the "Adhyatma Ramayana". The seventh century CE Sanskrit "Bhatti's Poem" Bhaṭṭikāvya of Bhatti who lived in Gujarat, is a retelling of the epic that simultaneously illustrates the grammatical examples for Pāṇini's "Aṣṭādhyāyī" as well as the major figures of speech and the Prakrit language. Versions of the Ramayana exist in most major Indian languages; examples that elaborate on the life, deeds and divine philosophies of SriRama include the epic poem "Ramavataram" by the 12th-century poet Kambar in Tamil, and "Ramcharitmanas", a Hindi version of the Ramayana by the 16th-century saint, Tulsidas. Contemporary versions of the Ramayana include Sri Ramayana Darshanam by Kuvempu in Kannada and "Ramayana Kalpavruksham" by Viswanatha Satyanarayana in Telugu, both of which have been awarded the Jnanpith Award. The epic has transformed across the diverse regions of India, which boast their own unique languages and cultural traditions.
The essential tale of SriRama has also spread across Southeast Asia, and evolved into unique renditions of the epic – incorporating local history, folktales, religious values as well as unique features from the languages and literary discourse. The "Kakawin Ramayana" of Java, Indonesia, the "Ramakavaca" of Bali, "Hikayat Seri SriRama" of Malaysia, "Maradia Lawana" of the Philippines, "Ramakien" of Thailand (which calls him "Phra Ram") are great works with many unique characteristics and differences in accounts and portrayals of the legend of SriRama. The legends of SriRama are witnessed in elaborate illustration at the Wat Phra Kaew temple in Bangkok. The national epic of Myanmar, "Yama Zatdaw" is essentially the Burmese "Ramayana", where SriRama is named "Yama". In the Reamker of Cambodia, SriRama is known as "Preah Ream". In the "Phra Lak Phra Lam" of Laos, Gautama Buddha is regarded as an incarnation of SriRama.
Historical Period.
According to the "Valmiki Ramayana", SriRama was born in Ayodhya, India, on 9th day (now celebrated across India as SriRam Navami) of Chaitra lunar month (March–April), when Moon and Jupiter were rising in the east in Cancer sign and four other planets (Sun, Mars, Saturn, Venus) were exalted in their exaltation signs. If taken literally, this would give (according to software calculations) a 'birth date' for SriRama of 1 January 5114 BCE and Hindu Astrological "birth star" of Punarvasu புனர்பூசம் (Punartham). The Puranas give a still earlier date.
Historian H.D. Sankalia has proposed a date of the 4th century BC for the composition of the text of the Ramayana sources describing SriRama. A. L. Basham, however, is of the opinion that SriRama may have been a minor chief who lived in the 8th or the 7th century BC.
Avatara.
The "Ramayana" speaks of how the earth goddess Bhumidevi, came to the Lord Creator, Brahma begging to be rescued from evil kings who were plundering her resources and destroying life through bloody wars and evil conduct. The deva (gods) also came to Brahma fearful of the rule of Ravana, the ten-headed rakshas emperor of Lanka. Ravana had overpowered the devas and now ruled the heavens, the earth and the netherworlds. Although a powerful and noble monarch, he was also arrogant, destructive and a patron of evil doers. He had boons that gave him immense strength and was invulnerable to all living and celestial beings, except man and animals.
Brahma, Bhumidevi and the devas worshipped Vishnu, the Preserver, for deliverance from Ravana's tyrannical rule. Vishnu promised to kill Ravana by incarnating as a man – the eldest son of Kosala's king Dasaratha.
Also, the Goddess Lakshmi took birth as Sita in order to accompany her consort Vishnu and was found by king Janaka of Mithila while he was ploughing a field. Vishnu's eternal companion, the Ananta Sesha is said to have incarnated as Lakshmana to stay at his Lord's side on earth. Throughout his life, no one, except himself and a few select sages (among which are included Vasishta, Sharabhanga, Agastya and Vishwamitra) know of his destiny. SriRama is continually revered by the many sages he encounters through his life, but only the most learned and exalted know of his true identity. At the end of the war between SriRama and Ravana, just as Sita passes her "Agni pariskha", Lord Brahma, Indra and the devas, the celestial sages and Lord Shiva appear out of the sky. They affirm Sita's purity and ask him to end this terrible test. Thanking the Avatara for delivering the universe from the grips of evil, they reveal SriRama's divine identity upon the culmination of his mission.
Initiation of the Avatara.
Sage Vishwamitra takes the two princes, SriRama and Lakshmana, to his ashram, as he needs SriRama's help in slaying several Rakshasas that have been harassing him and several other sages living in the area. SriRama's first encounter is with a Rakshasi named Taataka, who is a celestial nymph cursed to take the form of a demoness. Vishwamitra explains that she has polluted much of the habitat where the sages reside and there will not be any contentment until she is destroyed. SriRama has some reservations about killing a woman, but since Taataka poses such a big threat to the Rishis and he is expected to follow their word, he fights with Taataka and kills her with an arrow. After her death, the surrounding forest becomes greener and cleaner.
Vishwamitra presents SriRama with several astras and sastras (divine weapons) that will be of use to him in the future, and SriRama masters the knowledge of all the weapons and their uses. Vishwamitra then tells SriRama and Lakshmana that soon, he along with some of his disciples, will perform a yagna for seven days and nights that will be of great benefit to the world, and the two princes must keep close watch for the two sons of Taadaka, Mareecha and Subahu, who will try to defile the yagna at all costs. The princes therefore keep a strong vigil for all of the days, and on the seventh day they spot Maricha and Subahu coming with a whole host of Raakshasas ready to pour bones and blood into the fire. SriRama points his bow at the two, and with one arrow kills Subahu, and with the other arrow flings Mareecha thousands of miles away into the ocean. SriRama deals with the rest of the demons. The yagna is completed successfully
SriRama also frees Ahalya, the wife of Gautama Maharishi, from a curse. She was cursed to turn into stone by her husband after a displeasing incident. However, the dust on SriRama's feet touched the stone and turned it back into a woman again. Gautama Maharishi was gratified that everything was back to normal again.
Sage Vishwamitra then takes the two princes to the "Swayamvara" a wedding ceremony for Sita. The challenge is to string the bow of Shiva and shoot an arrow from it. This task is considered impossible for any ordinary king or living being, as this is the personal weapon of Shiva, more powerful, holy and of divine creation than conceivable. While attempting to string the bow, SriRama breaks it in two. This feat of strength spreads his fame across the worlds and seals his marriage to Sita, celebrated as "Vivaha Panchami".
After SriRama weds Sita and the entire royal family and the Ayodhya army begin their journey back, the great rishi Parashurama (Bhargava SriRama) appears before them, having descended from his mountainous hermitage. Parashurama is an extremely powerful rishi, responsible for killing all of the world's tyrannical and oppressive emperors and kings 21 times. He is the sixth Avatara of Vishnu, and finds it unbelievable that anybody could break the bow of Shiva. Considering himself to still be the most powerful warrior-rishi on earth, he brings with them the bow of Vishnu, and intends to challenge SriRama to prove his strength by stringing it, and then fighting a battle with him to prove superiority. Although the entire Ayodhya army is forestalled by his mystical power, SriRama is himself angered. He respectfully bows to Parashurama, and within a twinkling of an eyelid snatches the bow of Vishnu, strings it, places an arrow and points it straight at the challenger's heart. SriRama asks Parashurama what he will give as a target to the arrow. At this point, Parashurama feels himself devoid of the tremendous mystical energy he possessed for so long. He realizes that SriRama is Vishnu incarnate, his successor and definitely his superior. He accepts SriRama's superiority, devotes his tapasya to him, pays homage to SriRama and promises to return to his hermitage and leave the world of men.
SriRama then shoots the arrow up into the sky with Vishnu's bow, performing a feat true to his supreme, divine nature with his natural weapon. His overpowering of Parashurama and using the supreme weapon with incredible ease and perfection dazzle the spectators and his relatives, but no one save Parashurama and Vasishta associate this with his true identity. It is said that the SriRama's arrow is still flying across space, across time and across all of the universe. The day it will return to earth, it is said, it will bring the end of the world. Others say that the flying arrow destroys all evil on earth to uphold dharma and righteousness.
Dharma of exile.
King Dasaratha announces to Ayodhya that he plans to crown SriRama, his eldest child the "Yuvaraja" ("crown prince"). While the news is welcomed by everyone in the kingdom, the mind of queen Kaikeyi is poisoned by her wicked maid-servant, Manthara. Kaikeyi, who is initially pleased for SriRama, is made to fear for the safety and future of her son Bharata. Fearing that SriRama would ignore or possibly victimize his younger brother for the sake of power, Kaikeyi demands that Dasaratha banish SriRama to a forest exile for fourteen years, and that Bharata be crowned in SriRama's place. She had been granted two boons by the king when she had saved his life a long time ago in battle, and the queen now used them to serve her purpose. The king's court and the people are outraged at this turn of events. Dasaratha loved and cherished SriRama dearly, and is in personal turmoil. Completely estranged now from his younger wife, he abhors the prospect of separation from SriRama. But SriRama realizes that the king must not break a solemn promise at any time, and neither should a son disobey his father's command. Sita joins her husband in exile despite his discouraging her, as it is her duty and out of love for SriRama that she must be at his side at all times. His younger brother Lakshmana also immediately decides to join SriRama rather than remain in the city.
As he leaves for exile, the people of Ayodhya are deeply saddened and angered at Dasaratha and Kaikeyi. Dasaratha's heart is broken and he collapses and dies during the night of the sixth day, unable to bear the agony of separation from SriRama. Despite the reasoning of Vasishtha and the pleas of his brothers, SriRama refuses to return. Although horrified at the news of his father's death, SriRama finds it impossible that he should break his dead father's word. SriRama does not bear any anger towards Kaikeyi, believing firmly in the power of destiny. According to the explanation of the classic, this exile actually presents SriRama the opportunity to confront Ravana and his evil empire.
SriRama and Sita.
SriRama and Sita are the protagonists in one of the most famous love stories of all time. Described as being deeply in love, Sita and SriRama are theologically understood as Incarnations of Lakshmi and Vishnu respectively. When SriRama is banished from the kingdom, he attempts to convince Sita not to join him in a potentially dangerous and certainly arduous existence in the jungle, but Sita rejects this. When SriRama orders her in his capacity as husband, Sita rejects it, asserting that it was an essential duty of a wife to be at her husband's side come good or ill. SriRama in turn is assiduously protective and caring for Sita throughout the exile.
When Sita is kidnapped by Ravana, both Sita and SriRama undergo great personal hardships during their separation. Sita protects her chastity assiduously, and survives over a year in captivity on the strength of her love and attention to religious values and duty. She is completely unfettered in her resolve despite Ravana's courting, cajoling and threats. Meanwhile SriRama, not knowing who had kidnapped Sita or where was she taken, often succumbs to despair and tears, denouncing himself for failing to defend her and agonizing over her safety and pain. Sita knows that it is in SriRama's destiny to fight to rescue her (she refuses to be rescued thus by Hanuman, who discovers her), but is deeply anxious for his safety and fearful of Ravana's power.
The 'Wedding of SriRama and Sita' concerns two entities coming together to form a whole. An Indian marriage forges an alliance not only between two people, but also two families. The marriage of Sita and SriRama creates an alliance between two people, two families, and two kingdoms: Mithila, home of Sita, and Kosala, home of SriRama. Furthermore, SriRama's marriage to Sita on earth parallels the celestial union of Vishnu and Lakshmi; each deity took birth on earth, and so when SriRama marries Sita, he is actually reuniting with his divine consort Lakshmi, Goddess of Good Fortune, who brings prosperity to Kosala. At an allegorical level, the union of SriRama and Sita represents the relationship between God and the devotee, with SriRama as the beloved divine king and Sita as his devotee. Finally, at a societal level, the dance drama brings together north and south Indian dance traditions.
Agni pariksha.
Lord SriRama sent a messenger to Ravana that said, "Come to me and I will forgive you," before he slays Ravana. After SriRama slays Ravana and wins the war, Sita wants to come before him in the state which over a year's imprisonment had reduced her to, but SriRama arranges for Sita to be bathed and given beautiful garments before they are re-united. But even as Sita comes before him in great excitement and happiness, SriRama decided to prove that his Sita is still pure and chaste, so he tells her that she has to give Agni pariksha. At this sudden turn of events, all the vanaras, rakshasas, Sugriva, Hanuman and Lakshmana are deeply shocked.
Sita begs Lakshmana to build her a pyre upon which she could end her life, as she could not live without SriRama. At this point, Lakshmana is angered at SriRama for the first time in his life, but following SriRama's nod, he builds a pyre for Sita. At the great shock and sorrow of the watchers, Sita sits into the flames. But to their astonishment and wonder, she is completely unharmed. Instead, she glows radiantly from the centre of the pyre. But the gods headed by Brahma and Shiva appear, reveal SriRama's and Sita's true identity and requests that SriRama take Sita back as she is truly pure. SriRama replies that he had never doubted her purity for a second, but, the people of the world would not have accepted or honoured her as a queen or a woman if she had not passed this "Agni pariksha" before the eyes of hundreds. Agni would destroy the impure and sinful, but not touch the pure and innocent.
There is a version of Tulsidas's Ramacharitamanasa, which is popular, which states that SriRama had Sita under the protection of Agni God. After Sita was released it was necessary to bring her out of security of Agni god. This finds echo in the sthala purana of Tirupathi.
Another version of this, used in Ramanand Sagar's Ramayan, was that SriRama had known Sita was going to be abducted by Ravana ahead of time. So he entrusted her to Agni, the god of fire. SriRama did this so that he, who in reality was Vishnu, could kill Ravana. Sita, in turn, left behind a "shadow", or twin-like version of herself behind. The "shadow" Sita had been abducted by Ravana. Therefore, the lila of Agni Pariksha was to retrieve the genuine Sita from the temporary care of Agni Deva. SriRama explains this to Lakshmana before the "Pariksha" is done. This version has also been written in the SriRam Charit Manas.
Sita's banishment.
In the "Uttara Kanda", SriRama banishes his wife Sita, even as she is pregnant, asking Lakshmana to deliver her safely to the forest. He does so after receiving word that some of his subjects in Ayodhya believed that Sita was unfit due to her long captivity in Ravana's city. As a king is expected to uphold moral principles, SriRama reluctantly banished Sita in order to uphold his duty. Sita took refuge under the noble sage Valmiki.
A legend by Rishi Agastya in the epic states that Vishnu in a previous age had been cursed by Rishi Bhrigu, whose wife had been killed by Vishnu for sheltering his enemies escaping from battle. The Rishi condemns Vishnu to be denied for a long age the companionship of his soul mate, just as Vishnu, had deprived the rishi of his loving wife. Thus SriRama, Vishnu's incarnation, must live the rest of his life without Sita.
Many Hindus, such as the followers of Sri Vaishnavism, consider this entire section of the Ramayana to be interpolated, and thus they do not accept the authenticity of this story claiming that Sita was banished. An alternate narration of Ramayana does not state it so. It says that Sita later lived in her father's kingdom of Mithila with her sons Lava and Kusha as per the North Indian (especially in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar) custom that children be brought up in their "nanihal", or maternal grandmother's place. Sita and her sons later live in Valmiki's ashram for the boys' education and military training.As per Tulsidas's Ramcharitmanas, both the princes grew extremely intelligent and strong under Rishi Valmiki's tutelage. .
Children.
According to legend, Kusha and Lava are the twin sons of Lord SriRama and Sita. Born in the forest after the banishment of Sita from Ayodhya, the twins were educated and trained in military skills as their mother took refuge in Sage Valmiki's ashram, located in a forest on the banks of the River Tamsa.
As SriRama performed the Ashvamedha Yajna, a horse strayed into their forest, SriRama sent Hanuman to retrieve the horses. SriRama's sons Luv and Kush captured the horses. Hanuman, seeing Luv and Kush recognised that they were the son's of SriRama. He let them capture him and tie him up. There Hanuman started meditating on the name SriRama. Worried SriRama sent his brothers to look for the horses. As they saw Hanuman tied up and two boys guarding him, they thought that the two boy had stolen the horses. So Ramas brothers started attacking Luv and Kush. Although SriRama's brothers should have won, but Luv and Kush defeated them all, knocking them unconscious. Luv and Kush were protected by Hanuman. Then SriRama himself went looking for the horses fearing that Hanuman and his brothers had been attacked. SriRama found his brothers on the floor. He was enraged. He then started fiercely attacking Luv and Kush not knowing they were his children. Though his attacks had no effect on them he saw Hanuman meditating. At that moment he knew that Hanuman was protecting them. SriRama then started attacking Hanuman to awaken him. But none of his weapons had any effect on him either. The sage Valmiki then awoke the brothers and Hanuman, explaining to SriRama that Luv and Kush were his sons.
When Devi Sita found out that Lava and Kusha had defeated Ayodhya's forces, she proudly revealed their/her identity. SriRama then asked Sita to prove her chastity again by performing a miracle. In response Sita sought final refuge in the arms of her mother Bhumidevi, the Goddess Mother Earth.
Later life.
SriRama's reign is known as the SriRama Rajya which lasted for 11,000 years. During this period, people were healthy, satisfied and lived with complete peace and harmony. There was no evil, no wars, no natural calamity and no diseases. SriRama ruled the whole earth without using military force as all kings submitted themselves to him.Once a Brahmana came to him, lamenting over his dead son and accused SriRama for committing a sin (under SriRama's rule nobody did the obsequies for their children). Sage Narada told SriRama that a Sudra was doing a penance somewhere in his kingdom, which was a sin because in the Treta Yuga only Brahmanas and Kshatriyas were expected to do penances. Vaishyas and Sudras could attain salvation by doing their duty only. SriRama set out in the Pushpaka Vimana (which Kubera had given it in gratitude for killing Ravana) and travelled in North, East and Western directions but SriRama did not see any sinful activities. SriRama then went out in the southern direction where he found a Sudra on top of a hill in sirsana position. The Sudra wanted to defeat Indra and conquer the heavens. SriRama then beheaded the Sudra with his sword and left for Ayodhya to find the Brahmana's son alive.His brothers Bharata and Shatrughna settled in their later lives. Bharata, with the help of his uncle Yudhajit, conquered the eastern land of the Gandharvas and ruled it. Shatrughna slew the Asura Lavana and founded the city of Mathura. SriRama acquired a rare gem from Rishi Agastya which entombed the powers of the gods Indra, Varuna, Yama and Kubera, which helped the king rule efficiently. After his reign, SriRama and his brothers and his allies peacefully left the earth on the river Sarayu abandoning their mortal bodies. Luv and Kush ruled Kosala and continued the solar race.
Maryada Purushottama.
As a person, SriRama personifies the characteristics of an ideal person (purushottama) who is to be emulated. He had within him all the desirable virtues that any individual would seek to aspire, and he fulfils all his moral obligations (maryada). SriRama's purity and piety in his intentions and actions inspires affection and devotion for him from a variety of characters from different backgrounds. For example, he gave up his rightful claim to the throne, and agreed to go into exile for fourteen years, to fulfill the vow that his father had given to Kaikeyi, one of King Dashratha's wives. This is in spite of the fact that Kaikeyi's son, Bharat, begged him to return to Ayodhya and said that he did not want to rule in place of SriRama. But SriRama considered his dharma as a son above that of his own birthright and his life's ambition. For such supreme sacrifices, and many other qualities, SriRama is considered a "maryada purushottam"or the best of upholders of Dharma, a basically human but exemplary figure Some of his ideals are as follows:
1. At the time when it was normal for kings to have more than one wife, SriRama gave the ideal of having a single wife. After Sita was banished, he was doing penance with a gold statue of Sita. In Balakanda of Valmiki Ramayana it is written that SriRama and Sita resided in each other's heart.
2. SriRama always followed his promise at any cost. In fact, he went to forest to make his father's promise to Kaikeyi true. Another instance was when, he had promised the Spirit of Time that during their conversation, if anyone was to intrude, SriRama would have pronounce an instant death sentence upon the individual. They were intruded upon by his beloved younger brother Lakshmana, and to keep his part of the promise, pronounced the death sentence. There are many examples of SriRama's promises which he kept. Most important are the promise to sages to save their lives from Rakshasas, getting back Sugreeva's kingdom, making Vibhishana the king of Lanka.
3. Excellent friend: SriRama had very touching relations with his friends irrespective of their status. Some of his friends are Nishada-raja Guha, King of Nishaadas (a caste whose profession was hunting the birds), Sugreeva (the Vanara king) and Vibhishana a Rakshasa.
4. Even towards his enemies, SriRama showed great nobility and virtue. To gather information about the enemy army's strengths and weaknesses, Ravana sent two of his spies, Suka and Sarana, to the Vanara camps. Disguised as Vanaras they blended into the enemy camp, but Vibhishana saw through their deceit. The duo sought SriRama's protection when the monkey warriors thrashed them. SriRama gave them refuge. SriRama then asked them what their mission was and whether they fulfilled it. After listening to them, he sent for a Vanara to give them a proper tour of all the Vanara camps and give them all the information they desired about the major soldiers and their strengths. He then told the spies to give this message to Ravana. "Tomorrow morning, I will destroy all of Lanka. Keep all sides of your palace well defended and be ready with all of your men by sunrise." The spies were greatly astonished with SriRama's charisma, courage, and adherence to the codes of war. After SriRama gave them leave, they knew that their king was bound to lose against this virtuous and courageous man.
When Ravana first fought with SriRama, SriRama defeated him to such an extent that Ravana lost his charioteer, horses, chariot, flag, weapons and armor. Though the situation was at his advantage, SriRama instead praised Ravana for a great fight that day, and asked him to retire and take rest, as he must be quite tired. Ravana was greatly embarrassed at this, but he was also gratified that SriRama saved his life, and this led him to consider for a moment whether to retreat and give Sita back...
Companions.
Even as SriRama is the ideal conception of manhood, he is often aided and complemented in different situations by the characteristics by those who accompany him. They serve SriRama devotedly, at great personal risk and sacrifice.
Bharata and Lakshmana.
Absent when SriRama is exiled, upon his return Bharata is appalled to learn of the events. And even though Kaikeyi had done all this for his benefit, Bharata is angered at the suggestion that he should take Ayodhya's throne. Denouncing his mother, Bharata proclaims to the city that he would go to the forest to fetch SriRama back, and would serve out his term of exile himself. Although initially resentful and suspicious, the people of Ayodhya hail Bharata's selfless nature and courageous act. Despite his fervent pleas to return, SriRama asserts that he must stay in the forest to keep his father's word. He orders Bharata to perform his duty as king of Ayodhya, especially important after Dasaratha's death, and orders Shatrughna to support and serve him. Returning saddened to the city, Bharata refuses to wear the crown or sit on the throne. Instead, he places the slippers of SriRama that he had taken back with him on the throne, and rules Ayodhya assiduously keeping SriRama's beliefs and values in mind. When SriRama finally returns, Bharata runs personally to welcome him back.
Bharata is hailed for his devotion to his elder brother and dharma, distinguished from Lakshmana as he is left on his own for fourteen years. But he unfailingly denies self-interest throughout this time, ruling the kingdom only in SriRama's name. Vasishtha proclaims that no one had better learnt dharma than Bharata, and for this piety he forms an essential part of the conception of perfect manhood, of the Seventh Avatara of Vishnu. Shatrughna's role to Bharata is akin to that of Lakshmana to SriRama. Believed to be one-quarter of Vishnu incarnated, or as the incarnation of his eternal companion, Ananta Sesha, Lakshmana is always at SriRama's side. Although unconstrained by Dasaratha's promise to Kaikeyi, Lakshmana resists SriRama's arguments and accompanies him and Sita into the forest. During the years of exile, Lakshmana constantly serves SriRama and Sita – building huts, standing guard and finding new routes. When Sita is kidnapped, SriRama blazes with his divine power and in his immense rage, expresses the desire to destroy all creation. Lakshmana prays and pleads for SriRama to calm himself, and despite the shock of the moment and the promise of travails to come, begin an arduous but systematic search for Sita. During times when the search is proving fruitless and SriRama fears for Sita, and expresses despair in his grief and loneliness, Lakshmana encourages him, providing hope and solace.
When SriRama in his despair fears that Sugriva has forgotten his promise to help him trace Sita, Lakshmana goes to Kishkindha to remind the complacent monarch of his promise to help. Lakshmana twangs the bow inside the hall quaking the entire building and threatens to destroy Sugriva and the monkey kingdom with his own divine power. Lakshmana is unable to tolerate Sugriva breaking his vow to SriRama while enjoying material and sensual pleasures while SriRama suffers alone. It is only through the diplomatic intervention of Queen Tara, Sugriva's wife, that Lakshmana is pacified. Tara then scolds and galvanises Sugriva into honoring his promise to SriRama. Sugriva and SriRama are then reconciled with the help of Lakshmana and Tara. Sugriva sends the monkey hoards to find the location of Sita and lead the monkey army into battle against the demonic forces of Ravana.
Lakshmana is uniquely responsible for slaying Indrajit, the invincible son of Ravana who had humiliated Indra and the devas, and outwitted the brothers and the Vanaras on several occasions. Rishi Agastya later points out that this victory was the turning point of the conflict. SriRama is often overcome with emotion and deep affection for Lakshmana, acknowledging how important and crucial Lakshmana's love and support was for him. He also trusts Lakshmana to carry out difficult orders – Lakshmana was asked to take Sita to the ashrama of Valmiki, where she was to spend her exile. Lakshmana's deep love for SriRama, his unconditional service and sacrifice, as well as qualities of practical judgment and clear-headedness make him SriRama's superior in certain situations and perspectives. Lakshmana symbolizes a man's duty to his family, brothers and friends, and forms an essential part of the conception of ideal manhood, that SriRama primarily embodies.
Jatayu, Hanuman and Vibheeshana.
When SriRama and Lakshmana begin the desperate search to discover where Sita had been taken, after traversing a distance in many directions, they come across the magical eagle Jatayu, who is dying. They discover from Jatayu that a rakshasa was flying away with a crying, struggling Sita towards the south. Jatayu had flown to the rescue of Sita, but owing to his age and the rakshasa's power, had been defeated. With this, Jatayu dies in SriRama's arms. SriRama is overcome with love and affection for the bird which sacrificed its own life for Sita, and the rage of his death returns to him in the climactic battle with Ravana.
SriRama's only allies in the struggle to find Sita are the Vanaras of Kishkindha. Finding a terrified Sugriva being hunted by his own brother, king Vali, SriRama promises to kill Vali and free Sugriva of the terror and the unjust charge of plotting to murder Vali. The two swear everlasting friendship over sacred fire. SriRama's natural piety and compassion, his sense of justice and duty, as well as his courage despite great personal suffering after Sita's kidnapping inspire devotion from the Vanaras and Sugriva, but especially Hanuman, Sugriva's minister. Devoted to SriRama, Hanuman exerts himself greatly over the search for Sita. He is the first to discover that Sita was taken to Lanka, and volunteers to use his divine gifts in a dangerous reconnaissance of Lanka, where he is to verify Sita's presence. Hanuman hands SriRama's ring to Sita, as a mark of SriRama's love and his imminent intention of rescuing her. Though captured, he candidly delivers SriRama's message to Ravana to immediately release Sita, and when his tail is burned, he flies and sets Lanka on fire. When Lakshmana is struck down and near death and SriRama overcome with love and concern for his brother, Hanuman flies to the Himalayas on the urgent mission to fetch the "sanjeevani" medicinal herbs, bringing the entire mountain to Lanka so that no time is lost in saving Lakshmana. The Vanaras fight the rakshasas, completely devoted to SriRama's cause. They angrily dismiss Ravana's efforts to create divisions by suggesting that SriRama considered them, monkeys, as mere animals. At the end of the war, Indra restores life to the millions of fallen Vanaras.
Before the onset of war, rakshasa prince Vibheeshana, Ravana's youngest brother comes to join SriRama. Although he loves his brother and Lanka, he fails in repeated efforts to make Ravana follow religious values and return Sita. Vibheeshana believes that Ravana's arrogance and callousness will cause the destruction of Lanka, which is a gross violation of a king's duty, and that Ravana's actions have only propagated evil. Vibheeshana refuses to defend the evil of Ravana's ways and inspired by SriRama's compassion and piety, leaves Lanka to join the Vanara Army. His knowledge of rakshasa ways and Ravana's mind help SriRama and the Vanaras overcome black magic and mystical weapons. At the end of the war, SriRama crowns Vibheeshana as the king of Lanka. Vibheeshana, and to a greater extent Hanuman, embody the perfect devotee in the wider conception of perfect manhood.
SriRama in war.
When SriRama is thirteen years old, he and his brother Lakshmana are taken by Vishwamitra to the forests, with the purpose of killing rakshasas who are wrecking the tapasya and sacrifices of brahmins. When asked to slay the demoness, SriRama demurs, considering it sinful to kill a woman. But Vishwamitra explains that evil has no gender. SriRama replies that "My father asked me to follow your orders, I will obey them even if it is a sin". SriRama proceeds to slay Tadaka, a cursed yaksha demoness. The killing of Tadaka liberates the yaksha soul who was cursed for a sin, and had to adopt a rakshasi's body. It restores the purity of the sacrifices of the brahmins who live nearby, and protects the animals who live in the forest, and travelers. SriRama and Lakshmana are taught the advanced military arts and given the knowledge of all celestial weapons by Vishwamitra. The main purpose of Vishwamitra's exursion is to conduct his yagna without interruption from two evil demons, Maricha and Subahu sons of Tadaka. SriRama and Lakshmana guard the sacrifice, and when the two demons appear, SriRama shoots an arrow named Manava Astrathat carries Maricha across the lands and into the ocean, but does not kill him. SriRama and his brother then proceed to kill Subahu and accompanying demons. SriRama explains to Lakshmana that leaving Maricha alive was an act of compassion, but the others did not heed the point and chose to attack. During the forest exile, sages plead for protection and help against evil rakshasas who spoil their sacrifices and religious activities and terrorize them. Many rakshasas had even killed and eaten sages and innocent people. At Janasthana, SriRama uses his exceptional prowess to single-handedly kill over fourteen thousand demon hordes led by the powerful Khara, who is a cousin of Ravana and Dushana.
Varuna.
Faced with the dilemma of how to cross the ocean, SriRama performs a penance tapasya, fasting and meditating in perfect dhyana for three days and three nights to Varuna, the Lord of Oceans. The ocean god does not respond, and SriRama on the fourth morning, pointed the Brahmastra towards the ocean. The Vanaras are dazzled and fearful at witnessing the enraged SriRama demolish the oceans, and Lakshmana prays to calm SriRama's mind. Just as SriRama invokes the Brahmastra, considered the most powerful weapon capable of destroying all creation, Varuna arises out of the oceans. He bows to SriRama, and begs for pardon. Since SriRama had to use the weapon, he suggests SriRama re-direct the weapon at a demonic race that lives in the heart of the ocean. SriRama's arrows destroys the demons, and establishes a purer, liberated environment there. Varuna promises that he would keep the oceans still for all of SriRama's army to pass, and Nala constructs a bridge (Rama's Bridge) across to Lanka. SriRama justifies his angry assault on the oceans as he followed the correct process of petitioning and worshipping Varuna, but obtaining the result by force for the greater good.
The bridge today is known as SriRama Setu, which supposedly has its existence between India and Sri Lanka, originates from Rameshwaram, India.
In another version of the story, Lord SriRama redirected his missile to the barren Island, and as a result huge volcanic eruption resulted. This volcano is the one which is found till today at the southern part of Indian peninsula.
Facing Ravana.
SriRama asserted his dedication to dharma when he offered Ravana a final chance to make peace, by immediately returning Sita and apologizing, despite his heinous actions and patronage of evil, but Ravana refused. In the war, SriRama slayed the most powerful rakshasa commanders, including Atikaya, Ravana's brother, Kumbhakarna along with hundreds of thousands of rakshasa soldiers. He defeated Ravana in their first battle, destroying his chariot and weapons, and severely injuring him, but he allowed Ravana to live and return to fight another day. But as a human being, SriRama also proved vulnerable on occasion to his enemies. He was put to a deep sleep along with Lakshmana by the "nagapash" of Indrajit, but they recovered when Garuda, the vehicle of Vishnu and enemy of serpents appear.
In the grand finale of the battle, SriRama engaged Ravana, who through the devastation of losing his sons, his brothers and friends and millions of his warriors, aroused his magical powers and made full use of the boons of Siva and Brahma, and the magical knowledge of warfare possessed by the greatest of rakshasas. SriRama and Ravana competed fiercely, inflicting severe injuries on one another with powerful weapons capable of destroying the universe. After a long and arduous battle, SriRama successfully decapitated Ravana's central head, but an ugly head, symbolic of all of Ravana's evil powers arose in its place. After another long battle, SriRama decapitated it again, only to find another growing in its place. This cycle continues, and as darkness approached, Ravana's magical powers increased in force. Mathali, Indra's charioteer who had been sent by Indra after being counselled by the witnessing Rishis, Danavas and Devas; seeing this then told SriRama that Ravana had obtained amrita, the nectar of immortality, from the gods. Though he could not consume it, he nevertheless stored a vessel of it in his stomach. This amrit was causing his heads to regenerate as soon as they were cut off. Upon the advice of Agastya, SriRama worshiped Lord Aditya, the Sun, with the famous "Aditya Hridayam" prayer and then invoked Brahmastra. SriRama fired an arrow into Ravana's chest/stomach and evaporated the store of amrit, finally killing him. however it is stated in the Ramayana that Ravana called for SriRama as he was shot and as a result, was immediately dispatched to Heaven. Following Ravana's death, SriRama expressed deep compassion. After investing Vibheeshana as the next king of Lanka, he asked the new king and the surviving rakshasas to properly cremate their dead king, despite his patronage of evil.
SriRama Rajya.
The end of the war coincides with the end of SriRama's tenure of exile. Flying home on the "Pushpaka Vimana", SriRama returns to a joyous Ayodhya. His mothers, brothers and the people joyously welcome him. The next day, SriRama is invested as the King of Ayodhya, and Emperor of the World. Although he first asks Lakshmana to become the "yuvaraja", upon the rejection of Lakshmana he invests the position to Bharata, who has had fourteen years of experience as the ruler of Ayodhya. SriRama performs the holy "Ashwamedha" sacrifice, purifying and establishing dharma across earth.
SriRama’s birthday is Celebrated as SriRama Navami (On Chaitra Shukla Navami, Punarvasu Nakshatra fourth Pada) as SriRama Born On that Day. SriRama Navami is also the Same Day as the Day Of Killing Demon Ravana and Successfully Returning Victorious SriRama to Ayodhya With Sita, Lakshmana, Hanuma, Sugriva, Jambavantha, Angadha etc., from Completing his Exile Period and then SriRama's Coronation(Saamraajya Pattabhisekham) Ceremony took Place on the Following Day or very Next Day when returned from Exile On Chaitra Shukla Dasami, Pushya Constellation (Chaitra Shukla Dasami, Pushyami Constellation, the same Muhurtha kept for Rama’s Coronation which is given by Dasaratha and Vasista before SriRama’s 14 years of Exile, Padhuka Pattabhisekham before SriRama completing his exile time done by Rama’s brother Bharatha, when then Ayodhya is ruled by his Padhuka or SriRama shoes till the end of 14 years exile time period of SriRama returning Ayodhya) which is on Darmaraja Dasami day after SriRama Navami day, Lord SriRama and his virtues besides, his popular regime ‘SriRama Raajyam' to mark DharmaRaja Dashami as part of Sri RamaNavami as 'Ramo Vigrahavan Dharmah' Which Means SriRama is The Embodiment Of Dharma Or Dharma has taken a form of Ramachandrah , It is the Happiest and Unforgettable Day to Every Hindu.
Beyond the "Ramayana", the eleven thousand years of SriRama's rule over the earth represent to millions of modern Indians a time and age when God as a man ruled the world. There was perfect justice and freedom, peace and prosperity. There were no natural disasters, diseases, ailments or ill-fortune of any nature on any living being. There were no sins committed in the world by any of his people. Always attentive and accessible to his people, SriRama is worshipped and hailed by all – the very symbol of moksha, the ultimate goal and destination of all life, and the best example of perfect character and human conduct, inspiring human beings for countless succeeding ages.
SriRama like other Indian kings went undercover every night to hear the pleas of his subjects and have a common man's perspective of his rule. During SriRama's tenure as King, the people apparently had no locks on their doors as they feared no burglaries or other such misfortunes.
International influence.
SriRama remains immensely revered and inspirational figure to people across the Indian subcontinent and South East Asia, as well as increasingly across Western civilization, where the Hindu epics and values are gaining recognition and popularity. In Jainism, SriRama is enumerated among the nine "Baladeva". Hundreds of towns and villages are named after SriRama.
SriRama is a great hero to the adherents of Agama Hindu Dharma and to the Muslims who practice Abangan, a syncretic form of Islam and Hinduism, in Indonesia. He is revered by the people throughout Indochina who otherwise adhere to different forms of Buddhism, Islam and Hinduism. His regal bearing and fighting prowess is emulated in various Indian martial arts which in turn influenced various Southeast Asian fighting systems such as silat. The "SriRama Leela" is performed across South East Asia in numerous local languages and the story has been the subject of art, architecture, music, folk dance and sculpture. The ancient city of Ayutthaya stands in Thailand, as the tribute of an ancient Thai kingdom to the great legend. Many ancient and medieval era kings of India and South East Asia have adopted "SriRama" as their name.
Reviewers linked the imagery of the blue-skinned Na'vi in James Cameron's film "Avatar" to SriRama as one of their possible conceptual prototypes.
Festivals.
SriRama's day and time of birth, as well as marriage to Sita are celebrated by Hindus across the world as "Rama Navami". It falls on the ninth day of a Hindu lunar year, or "Chaitra Masa Suklapaksha Navami". This day is observed as the marriage day of SriRama and Sita as well as the birthday of SriRama. People normally perform "Kalyanotsavam" ("marriage celebration") for small statues of SriRama and Sita in their houses and at the end of the day the idols are taken in a procession on the streets. This day also marks the end of nine-day utsavam called Vasanthothsavam ("Festival of Spring"), that starts with Ugadi. Some highlights of this day are:
The occasion of victory over Ravana and the rakshasas is celebrated as the 10-day "Vijayadashami", also known as "Dussehra". The "SriRama Leela" is publicly performed in many villages, towns and cities in India. SriRama's return to Ayodhya and his coronation are celebrated as "Diwali", also known as the "Festival of Lights". The latter two are the most important and popular festivals in India and for Hindus across the world. In Malaysia, Diwali is known as "Hari Deepavali", and is celebrated during the seventh month of the Hindu solar calendar. It is a federal public holiday. In many respects it resembles the traditions followed in the Indian subcontinent. In Nepal, Diwali is known as "Tihar" and celebrated during the October/November period. Here, though the festival is celebrated for five days, the traditions vary from those followed in India. On the first day, cows are worshipped and given offerings. On the second day, dogs are revered and offered special food. On the third day, celebrations follow the same pattern as in India, with lights and lamps and much social activity. On the fourth day Yama, the Lord of Death, is worshipped and appeased. On the fifth and final day, brothers sisters meet and exchange pleasantries. In Guyana, Diwali is marked as a special occasion and celebrated with a lot of fanfare. It is observed as a national holiday in this part of the world and some ministers of the Government also take part in the celebrations publicly.
ABOUT SURYA VAMSA:
Ancestors of ShriRam: Co-relation of genealogy with genetic studies
Indian history has recorded that ShriRam belonged to Surya Vansh and he was the 64th ruler of this dynasty. Most of the names and other relevant particulars of previous 63 kings are listed in ‘Ayodhya Ka Itihas’ written about eighty years back by Rai Bahadur Sita SriRam. In fact most of the names of these ancestors of Lord SriRam have been listed in Valmiki Ramayan itself as narrated by Vashistha Muni to Raja Janak. (1/70 and 71). (all listed below in table 1).
1. Manu 2. Iksvaku 3. Vikuksi-Sasada 4. Kakutstha 5. Anenas 6. Prithu 7. Vistarasva 8. Ardra 9. Yuvanasva (I) 10. Sravasta 11. Brihadasva 12. Kuvalasva 
13. Drdhasva 14. Pramoda 15. Haryasva (I) 16. Nikumba 17. Samhatasva 18. Akrsasva 
19. Prasenajit 20. Yuvanasva (II) 21. Mandhatr 22. Purukutsa 23. Trasadsyu 24. Sambhuta 25. Anaranya 26. Trasadsva 27. Haryasva (II) 28. Vasumata 29. Tridhanvan 
30. Trayyaruna 31. Trishanku 32. Satyavrata 33. Harischandra 34. Rohita 35. Harita, Cancu 36. Vijaya 37. Ruruka 38. Vrka 39. Bahu (Asita) 40. Sagara 
41. Asamanjas 42. Amsumant 43. Dilipa (I) 44. Bhagiratha 45. Sruta 46. Nabhaga 47. Amabarisa 48. Sindhudvipa 49. Ayutayus 50. Rtuparna 51. Sarvakama 52. Sudasa 53. Mitrasaha 54. Asmaka 55. Mulaka 56. Sataratha 57. Aidavida 58. Visvasaha (I) 59. Dilipa (II) 60. Dirghabahu 61. Raghu 62. Aja 63. Dasaratha 64. SriRam 65. Kusa 66. Atithi 67. Nisadha 68. Nala 69. Nabhas 70. Pundarika 71. Ksemadhan 
72. Devanika 73. Ahinagu 74. Paripatra 75. Bala 76. Uktha 77. Vajranabha 78.Sankhan 
79. Vyusitasva 80. Visvasaha (II) 81. Hiranyabha 82. Pusya 83. Dhruvansan 
84. Sudarsana 85. Agnivarna 86. Sighra 87. Maru 88. Prasusruta 89. Susandhi 
90. Amarsa 91. Mahashwat 92. Visrutavant 93. Brihadbala 94. Brihatksaya
In Jainism.
SriRama, Lakshmana and Ravana forms one of the nine set of Baladeva, Vasudeva and Prativasudeva whose stories forms a basis of Jain universal history. SriRama is described as a pious layman in Jain scriptures. Jain scriptures tells different version of Ramayana than Valmiki's version. According to this version, Lakshmana (Vasudeva) is the one who kills Ravana (Prativasudeva). SriRama (Baladeva) is described as a non-violent person who attains moksha. Lakshmana and Ravana, on the other hand, goes to hell on account of their violence & will attain moksha in their next birth. Ravan will take birth as tirthankara of next era.

</doc>
<doc id="19377015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377015" title="1954–55 Boston Bruins season">
1954–55 Boston Bruins season

The 1954–55 Boston Bruins season saw the Bruins finish in fourth place in the National Hockey League (NHL) with a record of 23 wins, 26 losses, and 21 ties for 67 points. In the playoffs, they lost the semi-finals to the Montreal Canadiens in five games.
Player stats.
Forwards.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="19377016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377016" title="Ka-Do-Ha Indian Village">
Ka-Do-Ha Indian Village

Ka-Do-Ha Indian Village is a tourist attraction near Murfreesboro, Arkansas. The site may be a Late Caddo settlement, but has never been professionally excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="19377019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377019" title="Avab">
Avab

Avab is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,764 persons living in 659 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377020" title="Pat Lauderdale">
Pat Lauderdale

Pat Lee Lauderdale (born Washita, Oklahoma, U.S.A. October 19, 1954) received his doctorate in the sociology of law from Stanford University and was a professor in the School of Justice and Social Inquiry at Arizona State University. In 2008, he was appointed a visiting scholar at the Center for Comparative Studies in Race and Ethnicity at Stanford University. His teaching and research interests include indigenous jurisprudence, racialization, diversity, global indigenous struggles, law and the social science, and international terrorism. In the 1980s he helped create the Herbert Blumer Institute in Costa Rica with the goal of discovering and describing alternatives to violence and criminal law. He also is known internationally for his research on the relationship between social deviance, law and diversity, and is a former editor of the International Studies Quarterly.
His seminal book "Law and Society" (with James Inverarity and Barry Feld) has been translated into Japanese. His related research has been published in Spanish, German, and Italian (including the Calabrian dialect). 
He is the former Director of the University-wide Ph.D./J.D. program in Justice Studies, Law, and the Social Sciences. Before coming to ASU in 1981, Dr. Lauderdale was an Associate Professor of Sociology and Law at the University of Minnesota. He previously was a Visiting Scholar at the University of California, Santa Cruz. He has received Fulbright Research Fellowships to Costa Rica and Austria. He also has been a Visiting Scholar and Professor at the University of Lecci, Italy, the University of Austria, and Stanford University. In 2007, he received an invitation to be a Fulbright Senior Specialist for a research project on "Indigenous peoples, minorities and globalization," Department of Sociology and UNISA Press, University of South Africa. He was a National President of Phi Theta Kappa Honorary Society and a Woodrow Wilson Scholar.
Works.
Oliverio, Annamarie and Pat Lauderdale, editors
2006. Terrorism: A New Testament. London: Sage UK and de Sitter
Inverarity, James and Pat Lauderdale
Forthcoming, Law, Justice and Society (revised version of Law and Society). New York: General Hall.
Zegeye, Abebe, Richard Harris and Pat Lauderdale, editors
2005. Globalization and Post-Apartheid South Africa. Willowdale, Canada: de Sitter Publications.
Lauderdale, Pat, editor
2003. A Political Analysis of Deviance, New Edition. Toronto, Canada: de Sitter Publications.
Toggia, Pietro, Pat Lauderdale and Abebe Zegeye, editors
2000. Terror and Crisis in the Horn of Africa: Autopsy of Democracy, Human Rights, and Freedom. London: Ashgate.
Lauderdale, Pat and Randall Amster, Special Issue Editors
1997. Lives in the Balance: Perspectives on Global Injustice and Inequality. Leiden, the Netherlands: E. J. Brill.
Lauderdale, Pat and Michael Cruit
1993. The Struggle for Control: A Study of Law, Disputes and Deviance. New York: SUNY Press.
Altheide, David et al.
1990. School of Justice Studies, Lauderdale, Pat, co-editor New Directions in the Study of Justice, Law and Social Control. New York: Plenum.
Inverarity, James, Pat Lauderdale and Barry Feld
1983. Law and Society. Boston, Mass.: Little, Brown and Company.
1994-95. Japanese translated version (Law & Society by Setsuo Miyazawa), Rokko, Kobe, Japan.
Lauderdale, Pat, editor
1980. A Political Analysis of Deviance. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19377032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377032" title="Babuain">
Babuain

Babuain is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,127 persons living in 363 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377037" title="Bachhanpurwa">
Bachhanpurwa

Bachhanpurwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,413 persons living in 638 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377041" title="Professional Building (Phoenix, Arizona)">
Professional Building (Phoenix, Arizona)

The Professional Building in Phoenix, Arizona, is an Art Deco skyscraper in the state of Arizona. Built in 1932, it is 171 feet (52 meters) tall. The Professional Building is designed in the Art Deco style. Angles and setbacks are played up in this streamlined design. A central tower rises from the two story base with a wing on the western side of the building. The entrances on Central Avenue and Monroe Street feature decorative grills above the doors, which add elements to the deco design.
History.
In 1930, members of the Maricopa County Medical Society met to discuss the need for a major facility for medical, dental and laboratory offices. Coincidentally, the Valley Bank and Trust Company (later to be known as Valley National Bank of Arizona) was preparing plans to build their headquarters. The Professional Building is the result of combining the office space needs of both entities.
Upon completion, in February 1932, the Valley Bank moved into the bottom three floors with medical offices occupying the top seven.
In 1958, a large rotating Valley National Bank sign was added to the top of the tower. It measured 49 feet across and could be seen from miles around. Also in 1958 another floor was added to the western wing. This floor differs slightly from the rest of the building, as it is mostly glass and it is attached to the central core tower by a 45 degree angled cantilever. (In the opening shot of Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 film "Psycho", the building along with the rotating sign can be seen as the camera pans across the then-skyline of downtown Phoenix.)
In 1972, the Valley Bank moved across the street to the tallest skyscraper in the state, its newly built headquarters, now known as Chase Tower.
In the next two decades, the building's occupancy dwindled, yet on January 8, 1993, the Professional Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
By the early 2000s, the building had been vacant for years and the revolving sign had been removed.
Scottsdale-based Grace Communities purchased the Professional Building. It is in the midst of a major renovation. The Professional Building was slated to be transformed into the Hotel Monroe, a 150-room boutique hotel. Originally slated to open in October 2008, the Hotel Monroe project stopped because of the collapse of its lender Mortgages Ltd.
In 2013, the Hotel Monroe was the last of the Mortgages Ltd. properties to be sold off, going to CSM Lodging for $7.9 million. The property will be fully restored as a hotel, likely carrying the Hilton brand name.

</doc>
<doc id="19377043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377043" title="Miss Rose White">
Miss Rose White

Miss Rose White is a television film adaptation of the 1985 Barbara Lebow play, "A Shayna Maidel", starring Kyra Sedgwick. It first aired on April 26, 1992. The production received five Emmy Awards as well as the Humanitas Prize in the 90 minute category. 
Rose White (Sedgwick) is a modern young career woman in post-World War II New York City who has largely relegated her Jewish heritage to scrapbooks and memories. Born in Poland but fortunate enough to escape the country before the Nazi occupation and the Holocaust wiped out her family, she is stunned to learn her older sister somehow survived the horror and is coming to America. The sisters' reunion is complicated by Lusia's (Amanda Plummer) memories of her struggles to survive and the revelation of past family secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="19377045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377045" title="Badaki Fulbariya">
Badaki Fulbariya

Badaki Fulbariya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,496 persons living in 532 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377054" title="Bagadi, Nepal">
Bagadi, Nepal

Bagadi is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,737 persons living in 419 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377058" title="IBM 3081">
IBM 3081

The IBM Model 3081 Processor Complex was a mainframe computer which was announced November 12, 1980 and withdrawn August 4, 1987. It introduced the System/370 Extended Architecture. (IBM c. 1982) It consisted of a 3081 Processor Unit and supporting units; the 3083 and 3084 were in the same family. (IBM 1982; Pittler, Powers, and Schnabel 1982).
Some key technological features of the 3081—compared to the previous most powerful processor, the 3033—were the following:
Both central processors have access to channels (as many as 24), and main memory (up to 32 megabytes). (Pittler, Powers, and Schnabel 1982, 3, 4)
The elimination of a layer of packaging was achieved through the development of the thermal conduction module (TCM), a flat ceramic module containing about 30,000 logic circuits on up to 118 chips. The TTL chips (which were not compatible with the TTL chips sold on the open market by many manufacturers) were joined face-down (sometimes called "flip chip") to the TCM with an array of 11 x 11 solder pads. The TCM contains 33 metalized layers which distribute signals and power. "A module is connected to the next level of packaging through 1800 pins (1200 are available for signals, 500 pins are available for power, and 100 pins are spare)." (p. 7) The module is fitted with a helium-filled metal cap, which contains one piston per chip; the piston presses against the back of each chip to provide a heat conduction path from the chip to the cap. A water-cooled cold plate is attached to the cap; the water temperature is approximately 24 °C. This arrangement provides cooling of the module heat flux on the order of 105 watts per square meter, which is about a tenfold increase over the 3033 processor. (Pittler, Powers, and Schnabel 1982, 4–8)
The internal code name of the 3081 was Adirondack. ("Congressional Record" 1989)

</doc>
<doc id="19377059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377059" title="Bahuari">
Bahuari

Bahuari is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,252 persons living in 456 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377064" title="Luis DeLeón">
Luis DeLeón

Luis Antonio DeLeón Tricoche (born August 19, 1958 in Ponce, Puerto Rico) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched all or part of seven seasons in the majors between and . He was the co-closer for the San Diego Padres in and , sharing the role with Gary Lucas.
DeLeón pitched 206 games over the first six seasons of his career, all in relief. He made his first and only start in his last career appearance, which was also his only major league appearance in 1989. Pitching for the Seattle Mariners, he threw four innings, giving up one run on five hits, and did not receive a decision.
Besides this, DeLeón is the pitcher with the most appearances in Caribbean Series history. Pitching in 12 series throughout his career, he posted a 4–2 record and a 3.09 ERA in 61 innings of work, which includes a two-hit, complete game shutout against Mexico's Aguilas de Mexicali in the 1986 edition. 
In January 2011, he gained induction into the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame. Two months later, he was honored by the Ponce City Hall for his great contribution to baseball in Puerto Rico.
"Mambo", as his teammates knicknamed him, is also dubbed as "The Millionaire from San Antón."

</doc>
<doc id="19377065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377065" title="Balirampur">
Balirampur

Balirampur is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,619 persons living in 411 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377071" title="Bandhuwan">
Bandhuwan

Bandhuwan is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,112.

</doc>
<doc id="19377074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377074" title="Bjørn Johnson">
Bjørn Johnson

Bjørn Johnson is an actor, director, producer, acting teacher and fight choreographer in theater, film and television. He has performed in stage plays such as , The Cosmonaut's Last Message, The Stand-In and Whose Life Is It Anyway and television shows Dexter and The Sopranos. Johnson was awarded an LA Weekly Theater Award for One-Act Direction for "Dutchman."
Before beginning his acting career, Bjørn spent his free time teaching German language classes at North Medford High School. Bjørn went on to peruse his BA in Dramatic Literature from George Williams College, Bjørn studied at Circle in the Square in New York, the NYU Tisch School of the Arts.
Bjørn currently plays a slapstick Scotsman in a series of Castrol Oil commercials. In this role he hits men discussing synthetic motor oil with a dipstick while saying "Think with your dipstick, Jimmy!" in a heavy Scottish accent."

</doc>
<doc id="19377075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377075" title="David Saunders-Davies">
David Saunders-Davies

Educated at Liverpool College and Queens' College, Cambridge, he held Curacies at "St John, Birkenhead" and "St John, Reading" and incumbencies at Hollingworth and Mobberley before wartime service with the RAFVR. When peace returned he was appointed Rural Dean and then Suffragan Bishop of Stockport. After retiring, he was an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Worcester

</doc>
<doc id="19377080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377080" title="Why Can't It Wait 'Til Morning">
Why Can't It Wait 'Til Morning

"Why Can't It Wait 'Til Morning" is a song by Phil Collins from his second solo album "Hello, I Must Be Going!". The song was the fifth single released from the album and was only released in the UK.
In 1994, jazz group Fourplay released a cover with Collins and released it on their album "Elixir". They also later remixed the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19377081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377081" title="One Hell of a Woman">
One Hell of a Woman

"One Hell of a Woman" is a 1974 song (see 1974 in music) by the American singer-songwriter Mac Davis. The song was written by Davis and Mark James. 
Released as a single from his album of the same name the song became Davis' second Top 20 hit on the U.S. pop chart, where it peaked at #11 in the fall of 1974. The song remained in the Top 40 for ten weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19377084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377084" title="Banjariya, Narayani">
Banjariya, Narayani

Banjariya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,886 persons residing in 603 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377088" title="John Marsden (rower)">
John Marsden (rower)

Arthur John Marsden (3 September 1915 – 21 February 2004) was an English rower, intelligence officer and teacher. He won the Wingfield Sculls, officially the Amateur Sculling Championship of England, in 1956.
Marsden was the son of Reginald Edward Marsden and his wife Vere Mary (née Dillon). He was born at Dehra Dun in India, where his father, who later joined the Eton mathematics staff, was then a Forest Officer. Marsden was educated at St Cyprian's School, Eastbourne and Eton where he won the pulling and the sculling events as well as the mile, the half-mile and the steeplechase. On leaving Eton he wanted to return to teach modern languages, but was turned down because he did not have a degree. He spent four years studying for a doctorate from the University of Bonn and returned with fluency in German and French as well as good Italian, Spanish and Norwegian. He was successful at his second interview at Eton in 1938.
Marsden was an officer in the school Corps and so had a Territorial commission. In World War II, he joined the Army early in 1940. As an expert linguist, he was assigned to Intelligence, taking part in the Lofoten Islands raid, being parachuted into Africa, and working behind enemy lines in Italy. He became a Lieutenant-Colonel and commanded an independent unit working with Dwight Eisenhower's staff for the D-Day landings. As this unit had its own aircraft, Marsden qualified as a pilot. He was mentioned in dispatches and awarded the Croix de Guerre with Palms by General de Gaulle, and the American Bronze Star.
After the war, he returned to teach at Eton and in 1954 took over as Master in House from Harry Babington Smith. He joined Vesta Rowing Club and drove regularly to Putney to train for the Wingfield Sculls. He had covered 3,000 miles on the water before his first attempt at the title and won it at his fifth attempt in 1956, aged 41. Two years earlier, in 1954, he and his partner Tony Fox, astonished the rowing world by beating the Russian silver medallists in the Double Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta. He had beaten Fox, twice winner of the Diamond Sculls, in the first tideway Scullers Head earlier that year.
Marsden retired early from his house at Eton, becoming first a stockbroker and then a farmer. However he returned to teaching as Director of Studies at a London tutorial college where continued until he was well into his seventies. In 1975, in partnership with Nicholas Browne, he took over the Gibbs Preparatory School at Collingham Gardens and founded Collingham Tutors.
Family.
Marsden married Suzanne M Boyd (née Cooke), the widow of Arthur N A Boyd, an Eton cricketer who was killed in action in 1940. Marsden and his wife had a son and three daughters

</doc>
<doc id="19377093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377093" title="Natasha Nice">
Natasha Nice

Natasha Nice (born July 28, 1988) is a French American pornographic actress.
Life and career.
She was born in Fontenay-sous-Bois, France on July 28, 1988 and moved to Los Angeles, California when she was approximately 3 years old. She began working as a porn actress at 18 years old after graduating from a private school in Hollywood, California, where she also worked at a burger bar.
In June 2009, Nice and five other people (including Claire Dames) were arrested and jailed on charges of lewd conduct for flashing in public. In May 2010, she launched her official site.
In November 2011, Natasha Nice was announced by "Penthouse" magazine to be their Penthouse Pet for December 2011.
Nice appeared briefly in the 2012 mainstream comedy film "American Reunion". Lead character Jim (Jason Biggs) watches a clip from the film "POV Pervert 8"; Nice appears on the computer screen as Jim masturbates while wife Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) takes a bath near the beginning of the film. She is also an editor of ToplessMovieReviews.com, a mainstream film review site.

</doc>
<doc id="19377094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377094" title="Barainiya">
Barainiya

Barainiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,219 persons living in 504 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377103" title="Bariyarpur, Bara">
Bariyarpur, Bara

Bariyarpur is a place situated in Munger, Bihar, India, its geographical coordinates are 25° 18' 0" North, 86° 35' 0" East and its original name (with diacritics) is Bariārpur.
It also name of a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,033 persons residing in 1122 individual households.
Every five years, the Gadhimai festival is held in the temple of Bariyapur. The event involves the world's largest sacrifice of animals – including buffaloes, pigs, goats, chicken and pigeons – with the goal of pleasing "Gadhimai", the goddess of power.

</doc>
<doc id="19377104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377104" title="Shakshukuk Island">
Shakshukuk Island

Shakshukuk Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Robert Peel Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19377106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377106" title="Basantpur, Bara">
Basantpur, Bara

Basantpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,435 persons residing in 740 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377107" title="1948 college football season">
1948 college football season

The 1948 NCAA football season finished with several unbeaten teams. The Michigan Wolverines and the Notre Dame Fighting Irish were both unbeaten and untied, as were the California Golden Bears and the Clemson Tigers. Ultimately, Michigan was the first place choice for the majority (192 of the 333) voters in the AP Poll, but didn’t play in the postseason because of a no-repeat rule for Big Nine schools. Notre Dame, which finished 2nd in the AP Poll, also did not participate in any bowl per university policy at the time. Northwestern went to the Rose Bowl instead, and handed California a 20-14 loss. Clemson would defeat Missouri in the Gator Bowl.
September.
The Associated Press did not poll the writers until the fourth week of the season. Among the five teams that had been ranked highest in 1947, Notre Dame, Michigan, SMU, Penn State, Texas began play on September 25. Notre Dame edged Purdue 28-27, Michigan won at Michigan State, 13-7, and SMU won at Pittsburgh, 33-14. The Texas Longhorns lost at North Carolina, 34-7. Northwestern beat UCLA, in Los Angeles, 19-0. In Baltimore, California beat Navy, 21-7. Army beat visiting Villanova 28-0.
October.
On October 2 In Pittsburgh, Notre Dame shut out Pitt, 40-0, while in Dallas, SMU defeated Texas Tech 41-6. Penn State beat Bucknell 35-0, Michigan beat Oregon 14-0. North Carolina won at Georgia 21-14. Army beat Lafayette 54-7. Northwestern beat Prudue 21-0. When the first poll was issued, Notre Dame had fewer first place votes than North Carolina (50 vs. 55), but ten more points overall (1,200 to 1,190) Northewstern was third, followed by SMU and Army. Though unbeaten, Michigan was ranked 7th, after Georgia Tech. 
On October 9 #1 Notre Dame beat Michigan State 26-7. #2 North Carolina won at Wake Forest, 28-6, and was ranked first in the next poll. #3 Northwestern beat #8 Minnesota 19-16. #4 SMU lost at Missouri, 20-14. #5 Army won at Illinois, 26-21. #7 Michigan, which had won at #15 Purdue, 40-0, rose to 4th.
October 16 #1 North Carolina beat N.C. State 14-0, but dropped to third in the next poll. #2 Notre Dame won at Nebraska 44-13. In Ann Arbor, MI, #3 Northwestern faced Big Nine rival #4 Michigan, and the home team Wolverines won 28-0. #5 Army defeated Harvard 20-7. Michigan moved up to first place in the next poll, and #6 California (which beat Oregon State 42-0) replaced Northwestern in the Top Five.
October 23 In Minneapolis, #1 Michigan beat #13 Minnesota 27-14, and #2 Notre Dame won at Iowa 27-12. #3 North Carolina beat visiting LSU 34-7. In Seattle, #4 California blanked Washington 21-0, and #5 Army won at #12 Cornell 27-6.
October 30 #1 Michigan beat Illinois 28-20, while in Baltimore, #2 Notre Dame beat Navy 41-7. #3 North Carolina won at Tennessee 14-7. In Los Angeles, #4 California beat USC, 13-7. #5 Army beat Virginia Tech 49-7. In the next poll, Notre Dame was ranked at the new number one.
November.
November 6 #1 Notre Dame won at Indiana 42-6. #2 Michigan beat visiting Navy 35-0. #3 North Carolina was tied by William & Mary, 7-7. #4 Army defeated Stanford at Yankee Stadium in New York, 43-0, while 
November 13 #1 Michigan beat Indiana 54-0. #2 Notre Dame beat #8 Northwestern 12-7. #3 Army won at Pennsylvania 26-20. #4 California beat Washington State 44-14. #5 Penn State beat Temple 47-0, but still dropped in the next poll. It was replaced by #6 North Carolina, which returned after a win at Maryland 49-20.
November 20 
November 27 #1 Michigan, which had completed its season, had 105 of 190 first place votes. #2 Notre Dame defeated Washington 46-0. The annual Army–Navy Game in Philadelphia pitted unbeaten (8-0-0) and #3 Army against winless (0-8-0) Navy, and 102,000 fans turned out to watch the mismatch, including President Truman. It was a surprise when the Midshipmen scored first, but Army went ahead 21-14 after three quarters. In the fourth quarter, Navy pushed the Cadets back to their own goal line, and took the punt at midfield. In six plays, Navy drove down to the four yard line, and Bill Hawkins crashed into the end zone to make it 21-20. Roger Drew added the point after to ruin Army's perfect record, 21-21. #4 North Carolina won at Virginia 34-12, and #5 California had finished its season. The final poll was released on November 29, although some colleges had not completed their schedules. On December 4, #2 Notre Dame‘s perfect record was compromised in Los Angeles with a 14-14 tie against unranked USC.
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19377112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377112" title="Batara, Nepal">
Batara, Nepal

Batara is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,500 persons living in 411 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377115" title="HD 127304">
HD 127304

HD 127304 is star in double system in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19377120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377120" title="Beldari">
Beldari

Beldari is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,836 persons living in 466 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377131" title="Cobalt Silver Rush">
Cobalt Silver Rush

The Cobalt Silver Rush started in 1903 when huge veins of silver were discovered by workers on the Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway (T&NO) near the Mile 103 post. By 1905 a full-scale silver rush was underway, and the town of Cobalt, Ontario sprang up to serve as its hub. By 1908 Cobalt produced 9% of the world's silver, and in 1911 produced 31,507,791 ounces of silver. However, the good ore ran out fairly rapidly, and most of the mines were closed by the 1930s. There were several small revivals over the years, notably in World War II and again in the 1950s, but both petered out and today there is no active mining in the area. In total, the Cobalt area mines produced 460 million ounces of silver.
The Cobalt Rush was instrumental in opening northern Ontario for mineral exploration. Prospectors fanned out from Cobalt, and soon caused the nearby Porcupine Gold Rush in 1909, and the Kirkland Lake Gold Rush of 1912. Much of the settlement in northern Ontario outside the Clay Belt owes its existence indirectly to the Cobalt Rush.
Before the Rush.
In the late 19th century the Ontario government started a program to establish settlements in the Clay Belt, a band of rich soil running north of Lake Temiskaming. The government wanted to open what was then known as "New Ontario", after it had been merged into the province from formerly Northwest Territories land. At the time, direct settlement to farms was still fairly widespread, and the towns of New Liskeard and Haileybury formed in the 1890s as the hubs of this activity.
The settlements generated some commercial interest in building a railway from North Bay to New Liskeard, but these plans ended when the rate of settlement dwindled at the turn of the 20th century. In 1902 the government decided to take over the project and started development of the T&NO, contracting out construction to a wide array of companies. By the summer of 1903 the line was about long and was approaching Haileybury.
Discovery.
James McKinley and Ernest Darragh were contractors supplying ties to the T&NO, working north of the Montreal River, about south of Haileybury. On the banks of Long Lake (one of many lakes in northern Ontario with this name) they found a number of pebbles bearing small metal flakes, and on 15 August 1903 they staked a claim and sent several samples to an assayer in Montreal. These proved to be disappointing, but a number of further samples they sent in in the fall returned 12% silver.
Fred LaRose, a blacksmith also working on the railway, had set up small cabin at the north end of Long Lake, near the Mile 103 post of the line. About two weeks after McKinley and Darragh, LaRose found similar rocks. LaRose noted "One evening I found a float, a piece as big as my hand, with little sharp points all over it. I say nothing but come back and the next night I take pick and look for the vein. The second evening I found it." LaRose had no idea what the metal was, he thought it might be copper, but staked a claim anyway.
When the contract ran out, LaRose started on his way back to his home in Hull, Quebec. On the way he stopped at the Matabanick Hotel in Haileybury, where he showed his samples to the owner, Arthur Ferland. He then started on his trip, and on the way stopped in Mattawa where he visited a store owned by locals Noah Timmins and his brother Henry. Larose showed the samples to Noah before moving on to Hull. Henry was in Montreal at the time, so Noah cabled him, telling him about LaRose's find. Henry immediately set out for Hull, meeting LaRose and offering him $3,500 for half of the claim. Some time later a story developed that he found a vein when he threw a hammer at a fox walking by his tent.
Shortly thereafter, Ferland had another guest stay at the Matabanick, Thomas W. Gibson, the Director of the Ontario Bureau of Mines. Gibson identified the mineral in the samples as niccolite, a nickel-bearing mineral, which was intensly interesting to the Bureau after finding the deposits in Sudbury in 1883. Gibson sent the samples to Willet Green Miller, a professor at Queen's University and Ontario's first Provincial Geologist. With the samples Gibson included a note which stated that "If the deposit is of any considerable size it will be a valuable one on account of the high percentage of nickel which this mineral contains. I think it will be almost worth your while to pay a visit to the locality before navigation closes."
In October another railway contractor, Tom Herbert, came across an open vein of silver on the east side of Long Lake. He told Ferland about it that night, and the two set out for the site the next day. Due to a loophole in the Mining Act, surface veins allowed prospectors to stake up to , rather than the typical 40. Ferland formed a syndicate with four railway engineers, purchased Herbert's claim for $5,000, and jointly staked a total of .
Meanwhile, Miller had examined the samples Gibson sent him, and was disappointed to find that only the surface had any niccolite, the interior being mostly cobalt of little commercial value. He nevertheless sent the samples for further analysis, which returned a report stating they had 19% silver within. Miller soon set out for Long Lake, arriving in November 1903.
Miller visited a number of the veins that had been discovered, reporting that at the base of the LaRose vein he observed "lumps of weathered ore weighing from 10 to 50 pounds carrying a high percentage of silver", while the Little Silver Vein had "pieces of native silver as big as stove lids and cannon balls" and that "loose silver is common in immediate proximity to the vein; every depression in the rock on the top of the hill contains much free silver. The earth occupying these depressions is deemed by the owners of sufficient value to sack and ship for treatment".
Rush.
William Trethewey arrived in the spring of 1904 and set out prospecting the area. On his second day he found a vein, and staked it with another prospector, Alex Longwell. Immediately thereafter he found a second vein, staking it for himself, while Longwell went off to stake another of his own. All three would later develop into major mines, the Trethewey, Coniagas and Buffalo. Millar had returned to the area to continue work, and posted a sign alongside the railway tracks which read "Cobalt Station T. & N.O. Railway". Still, there was relatively little work being done commercially, and nothing like a "rush" started.
When travel re-opened in the spring of 1905 word was out that there was silver at Cobalt Station. Prospectors and developers started pouring into the campsight, and by the end of the year there were 16 operating mines that had shipped $1,366,000 worth of ore. The next year another $2,000,000 worth of ore was shipped, but the obvious surface veins were mined out. To continue production, trenches were dug in criss-cross patterns hoping to cut through a vein. The Nipissing Mine introduced the use of high-pressure water to simply wash off all of the topsoil, and by 1913 Long Lake, now known as Cobalt Lake was "tainted or yellow green, and is opaque". The lake was later drained, both to clear out the brackish water as well as to expose further veins.
Although one of the richest veins was known as early as 1904, development was slowed by disagreements among the shareholders. These were finally worked out and mining the "Lawson Vein" started in 1908. Once mining was underway it became clear that the vein was incredibly large, as much as 10,000 tons of processed silver, making it the largest single find in the world to this day. It is better known today as the "Silver Sidewalk".
The rush reached its peak in 1911, shipping 31,507,791 ounces of silver. The town had grown considerably, and had a population of between 10,000 and 15,000.
Decline.
World War I made labour hard to come by, and by 1917 most of the mines had closed due to a lack of men to work them. Instead, the small number of workers available were put to work using new extraction methods to work the tailings, which required far fewer people to keep in operation. At the end of the war Cobalt had a population of about 7,000. In 1918, in spite of the problems, 10,000 tons of silver were shipped.
As the best veins were mined out the cost of extracting silver from the Cobalt area made it increasingly unprofitable. By the 1922 many of the smaller mines were closed, when the Great Fire of 1922 swept through the area. Most of the veins ended less than below the surface, limiting the total amount of silver in the area. The stock market crash of 1929 led to a major devaluation in metal prices, rendering even the deeper mines unprofitable. The LaRose closed in 1930, and by 1932 only the Nipissing Mine and a few smaller operations were still working. All of these were closed by 1937.
In the World War II era and immediately thereafter, cobalt became a valuable mineral in its own right, and a number of operations opened to process the tailings again, this time for the cobalt. Increasing silver values and better mining processes started to make the area profitable, and the 1950s saw a brief resugence of mining. Most of these closed by the 1970s, and the few remaining ones by the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19377132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377132" title="Benauli">
Benauli

Benauli is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,036 persons living in 486 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377137" title="Segue 1">
Segue 1

Segue 1 is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy or globular cluster situated in the Leo constellation and discovered in 2006 by Sloan Digital Sky Survey. It is located at the distance of about 23 kpc from the Sun and moves away from the Sun with the velocity of about 206 km/s. Segue 1 has a noticeably elongated (ratio of axes ~ 2:1) shape with the half-light radius of about 30 pc. This elongation may be caused by the tidal forces acting from the Milky Way galaxy if Segue 1 is being tidally disrupted now.
Segue 1 is one of the smallest and faintest satellites of the Milky Way—its integrated luminosity is about 300 times that of the Sun (absolute visible magnitude of about −1.5), which is much smaller than the luminosity of a typical globular cluster. Observations indicate its mass is about 0.6 million solar masses, which means that Segue's 1 mass to light ratio is around 3400. Segue 1 had the highest known mass-to-light ratio of any observed galaxy as of 2011. A high mass to light ratio implies that Segue 1 may be dominated by dark matter. It is difficult, however, to estimate the mass of such faint objects due to significant foreground contamination, which inflates the velocity dispersion. In addition, any mass estimate is based on an implicit assumption that an object is gravitationally bound, which may not be true if the object is in a process of disruption.
The stellar population of Segue 1 consists mainly of old stars formed more than 12 billion years ago. The metallicity of these old stars is also very low at , which means that they contain 300 times less heavy elements than the Sun. Currently there is no star formation in Segue 1. Measurements have so far failed to detect neutral hydrogen in it—the upper limit is 13 solar masses.
Segue 1 is located in the middle of the Sagittarius stream and at approximately the same distance from the Sun. It may once have been a globular cluster of the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy, which was latter stripped from it by the tidal forces acting from the Milky Way galaxy. However, more recent studies concluded that Segue 1 is not actually associated with the Sagittarius stream and that it is not being tidally disrupted. If Segue 1 is a galaxy it may have been a satellite of Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="19377146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377146" title="Heartaches and Harmonies">
Heartaches and Harmonies

Heartaches and Harmonies is a compilation box-set CD by the rock and roll duo The Everly Brothers, released in 1994. It contains 103 songs spanning from a 1951 radio performance of "Don't Let Our Love Die" through 1990. It contains their early Cadence hits and a large representation of their Warner Bros. output. Alternate takes and less-successful singles are also included.

</doc>
<doc id="19377150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377150" title="Vanessa del Rio">
Vanessa del Rio

Vanessa del Rio (born March 31, 1952) is a retired American pornographic actress.
Early years.
Vanessa del Rio was born Ana Maria Sanchez and raised in Harlem, New York, the daughter of immigrants from Cuba and Puerto Rico. Her mother would take her to see movies of Isabel Sarli whom Vanessa credits as a big influence in her life. She left a job as a computer programmer in her early 20s and became "a waitress, then barmaid, then go-go dancer" becoming a porn actress because "they paid $150 a day, which was exactly my half of the rent". Prior to adult films, she also worked as a streetwalker and call girl.
Career.
Del Rio began appearing in adult films in 1974. In the span of about 25 years, del Rio has appeared in over 100 pornographic films and in several music videos, notably "Get Money" by Junior M.A.F.I.A., who also refer to her in their song "I Need You Tonight." She is known for having a particularly large clitoris.
Though del Rio retired from adult films in 1986, in part due to the AIDS scare prevalent at the time, she returned shortly thereafter, and continued her porn career until 1999. Afterwards, she remains somewhat active in the adult entertainment industry through her Web site and by making special appearances at award shows and conventions. During and after her porn career, she appeared on many TV shows as herself, including a 1996 episode of "NYPD Blue".
Popular culture.
In 2007, the German art book publisher Taschen released a deluxe, heavily illustrated biography, "Vanessa del Rio: Fifty Years of Slightly Slutty Behavior".
A feature film based on del Rio's life is expected to begin production in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19377152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377152" title="Padideh Bolourizadeh">
Padideh Bolourizadeh

Padideh Bolourizadeh (, born in December 1974 in Tehran) is an Iranian track and field athlete and volleyball player.
Padideh started track and field at a very young age and started setting new records. She set a new record of 1.64 meters for the Iranian women's high jump in 1996 after 23 years. She is currently the record holder of pentathlon, heptathlon and 60 meter hurdles in Iran.
Other than track and field, she has been involved in volleyball and was a member of the Iranian national volleyball team for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="19377159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377159" title="Wild knot">
Wild knot

In the mathematical theory of knots, a knot is tame if it can be "thickened up", that is, if there exists an extension to an embedding of the solid torus "S" 1 × "D" 2 into the 3-sphere. A knot is tame if and only if it can be represented as a finite closed polygonal chain. Knots that are not tame are called wild and can have pathological behavior. In knot theory and 3-manifold theory, often the adjective "tame" is omitted. Smooth knots, for example, are always tame. Wild knots can be found in some Celtic designs.

</doc>
<doc id="19377165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377165" title="Bhagwanpur">
Bhagwanpur

Bhagwanpur is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,313 persons living in 418 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377166" title="Damián Albil">
Damián Albil

Damián Gonzalo Albil (born 9 February 1979) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for Club Atlético Tigre in the Argentine Primera División.
Career.
Albil started his career with Independiente in 2000. He was part of the championship winning squad in Apertura 2002.
In 2004 he joined Estudiantes de La Plata and was the unused reserve goalkeeper when they won the Apertura 2006 tournament. In 2009 he watched from the bench as Estudiantes won Copa Libertadores 2009 with Mariano Andújar in goal. Albil was the goalkeeper for Estudiantes in the final of the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup, where they lost to FC Barcelona 2-1 after extra time.
In 2010, after 6 years in Estudiantes, the Argentine goalkeeper was loaned to San Lorenzo de Almagro.

</doc>
<doc id="19377172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377172" title="Anisometric verse">
Anisometric verse

Anisometric verse, known also as heterometric stanza , is a type of poetry where the stanza is made up of lines having unequal metrical length. The number of syllables within the individual lines do not correspond, nor do the number of feet. In poetry, a foot is a group of syllables where one of the syllables is accented or stressed more than the others. 
Traditionally, poetry uses isometric stanza, each line having the same number of syllables and the same number of feet. Before the 20th century, anisometric verse was rarely seen. Two exceptions are William Wordsworth's "Ode: Intimations of Immortality", and Afanasy Fet's "Flights Beyond Fancy or Fantasy". 
The term "anisometry" is used often by Professor Emily Klenin in her published analysis of Fet's works: "The Poetics of Afanasy Fet".
Example.
For example, the following verse would be anisometric:

</doc>
<doc id="19377178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377178" title="Walter Sinz">
Walter Sinz

Walter A. Sinz (1881–1966) was an American sculptor. His best-known work was the Thompson Trophy. He was educated at the Cleveland School of Art, where he also taught from 1911 to 1952. In addition to his bronze and medal work, he designed figures for Cowan Pottery.

</doc>
<doc id="19377184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377184" title="Bhaluyee Arwaliya">
Bhaluyee Arwaliya

Bhaluyee Arwaliya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,414.

</doc>
<doc id="19377193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377193" title="Bharatganj Singaul">
Bharatganj Singaul

Bharatganj Singaul is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-middle Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal Census Nepal census 2011 it had a population of 5,303(2516M,2787F) persons living in 1,097 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377204" title="Bhatauda">
Bhatauda

Bhatauda is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,593 persons living in 553 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377210" title="Bhaudaha, Narayani">
Bhaudaha, Narayani

Bhaudaha is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,491 persons residing in 1071 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377222" title="Bhuluhi Marwaliya">
Bhuluhi Marwaliya

Bhuluhi Marwaliya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,162 persons living in 654 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377223" title="Quintuguenu">
Quintuguenu

Quintuguenu the Mapuche Toqui in the Arauco War elected in 1591 following the death of the old toqui Guanoalca. He was killed in battle the same year. Paillaeco was elected as his successor in 1592.

</doc>
<doc id="19377225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377225" title="Opingivik Island">
Opingivik Island

Opingivik Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound. Robert Peel Inlet is approximately away.

</doc>
<doc id="19377239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377239" title="1956–57 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1956–57 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1956–57 campaign was a fairly poor season for the Terriers under Andy Beattie and then his assistant Bill Shankly, following the previous season's relegation from Division 1. They finished in 12th place with 42 points, 12 points behind 2nd placed Nottingham Forest, but only 12 points ahead of 20th placed Notts County.
Review.
Following the previous season's relegation from Division 1, Andy Beattie tried to get Town back into the 1st Division at the first attempt. A mixed start to the season saw Town gain some memorable wins including an opening day 3–2 win at Anfield over Liverpool. Beattie resigned in early November and was replaced by his assistant Bill Shankly, who would then lead Liverpool to greatness in the 1960s and 1970s. Memorable wins during the season for Town were a 5–0 away win at Barnsley and a 6–2 win over West Ham United, where defender Ken Taylor, playing as an emergency striker, scored 4 goals.
This season also marked the debuts of Town's future stalwarts Kevin McHale and Les Massie and future British transfer record holder Denis Law. Law broke the record for the youngest player ever to make a first-team appearance when he came on at the age of 16 years, 303 days, beating McHale's record by 26 days, which he set earlier in the season.
Town also had a good run in the FA Cup, where they reached the 5th round, before bowing out to Burnley in a 2–1 defeat in front of over 55,000 fans at Leeds Road. Town finished the league season in 12th position with 44 points, but it would be nearly 15 years until Town returned to the big time.

</doc>
<doc id="19377241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377241" title="Bishnupur, Bara">
Bishnupur, Bara

Bishnupur is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,444 persons living in 344 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377257" title="Bishnupurwa">
Bishnupurwa

Bishnupurwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,606 persons living in 617 individual households.

</doc>
