<doc id="19237328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237328" title="Romania and weapons of mass destruction">
Romania and weapons of mass destruction

In the 1980s, during the rule of Nicolae Ceauşescu, Romania had a secret program intended to develop nuclear weapons, violating its ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty from 1970. The program was dismantled after the 1989 Romanian Revolution and currently, Romania is considered free of weapons of mass destruction, using nuclear power just for civilian purposes.
Nuclear program.
While Romania had a nuclear research program since 1949, for the first decades, it focused on the usage of radioactive isotopes in medicine and industry. The military program was started in 1978, together with the program for the first power plant. The WMD research program ("Programul Dunărea" - Danube Program) was conducted at the Măgurele Nuclear Research Institute, under the strict supervision of the Securitate.
According to Mihai Bălănescu, the former director of the research institute, the program had three departments: one which dealt with the development of nuclear weapons, one for the development of medium-range missiles and a third which dealt with chemical and biological weapons.
The defection of Securitate general Ion Mihai Pacepa was, according to Lucia Hossu Longin, at least in part related to the order given to him by Ceauşescu, to obtain the technology for a certain element needed in the development of nuclear weapons.
In July 1989, the Hungarian Foreign Minister Gyula Horn accused Romania of posing "military threats" to Hungary, through its nuclear program and a medium-range missiles development program. Horn claimed that high-level Romanian officials announced that Romania is capable of building such weapons, but the Romanian Government denied such claims.
Anti-nuclear rallies.
Despite of this secret program, Ceauşescu's government did organize massive rallies against nuclear proliferation. For instance, at one such rally in December 1981, he addressed a crowd of 300,000 arguing that people in both East and West should "stop those who are preparing atomic war." He also urged the US and USSR to end the arms race which led to the placement of medium-range nuclear missiles in Europe, arguing that only by stopping this race could "humanity ... be saved from a catastrophe".
In 1989, Ceauşescu claimed that Romania had the technology to build nuclear weapons, but that he remained "firmly resolved to fight against nuclear weapons".
Deals with other countries.
Romania was also involved on the black market of nuclear technology and materials: after 1989, it was revealed that in 1986, the Ceauşescu Government improperly diverted a supply of 14 tonnes of heavy water originating in Norway to India. Heavy water is an important ingredient in the creation of nuclear weapons and the shipment to India was another violation of the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
After the 1989 Revolution.
After the 1989 Romanian Revolution, Romania announced the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that it had 100 mg of plutonium separated in 1985 at the Piteşti Nuclear Research Institute and it allowed the IAEA full access to its facilities for inspection and monitoring of other violations of the Non-Proliferation Treaty. According to a 1992 article in Nucleonics Week, the plutonium was made using a TRIGA research reactor, given to Romania by the United States in the 1970s.
In 2003, Romania handed over to the IAEA 15 kg of highly enriched uranium fuel for the research reactor.

</doc>
<doc id="19237330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237330" title="Canesta">
Canesta

Canesta is a fabless semiconductor company founded in April 1999 by Cyrus Bamji, Abbas Rafii, and Nazim Kareemi. The company manufactures CMOS-based single chip 3D sensors, which can be used as part of input systems for electronic devices. On October 29, 2010, Canesta announced that it would be acquired by Microsoft for an undisclosed amount. Canasco was formed as an asset holding company of Canesta to transition and wind down Canesta.
History.
The company launched publicly at PC Forum in 2002, announcing its CMOS-based single chip 3D image sensing technology. Described as “electronic perception technology”, the company promotes its technology as enabling everyday machines and digital devices with the ability to “see.”
In 2002, at Demo Mobile the company announced its first application, a projection keyboard for mobile devices. In this application, a keyboard made of light is projected onto a flat surface, the user types on the flat surface, and Canesta’s electronic perception technology translates finger movements into keystrokes in the device. The company subsequently licensed the technology to Celluon of Korea.
The company later focused on the automotive applications of its technology, securing investment from Honda, and promoting its technology at public automotive industry forums such as Convergence 2006. Interior occupant sensing for advanced airbag deployment and rear obstacle detection are two example applications.
The company recently turned its attention to the video game space where its technology forms the basis of a unique input mechanism that enables new immersive game experiences.
On October 29, 2010, it was announced that Microsoft would acquire Canesta for an undisclosed amount, stating that their partnership would assist in the development of natural user interfaces and spread the adoption of their technology into a wider array of products. Microsoft had developed a similar motion controller for its Xbox 360 game console.
Finances.
The company has raised $70 Million to date in subsequent rounds of investment.
The company’s investors include The Carlyle Group, Venrock Associates, KGIF, Hotung Capital, Honda Motor Company, Ltd., Optex, Ltd., Quanta Computer Inc. (2382.TW), and SMSC (NASDAQ: SMSC).
Products.
Canesta provides its electronic perception technology in the form of CMOS 3D image sensors to multiple OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) markets, including consumer electronics, video gaming, automotive, security, and industrial.
As of Q3 2010, the latest generation of Canesta sensor was the 'Cobra' 3D ToF CMOS sensor. This sensor uses a standard CMOS image sensor process and has a ToF pixel array with XY resolution of 320x200. The range accuracy is characterized by the noise around the correct range data, and in this 'Cobra' device, this noise is around the single digit millimeter.
The company also provides reference designs, functioning sensor modules, and developer’s toolkits.
Technology.
Canesta’s time-of-flight technology consists of an array of pixels where every pixel can independently determine the distance to the object it sees. This array is in effect a massively parallel LIDAR on a single CMOS chip. At the heart of the technology is a proprietary silicon photo collection structure in each pixel that allows accurate measurement of the arrival time of the collected photons. This photo collection structure is substantially immune to CMOS surface defects that ordinarily adversely affect time of flight operation. This enables time of flight ranging using a low cost CMOS process.
Using Canesta technology a 3D time-of-flight camera can be constructed from a Canesta CMOS time of flight sensor, an imaging lens to focus the light from the scene onto the sensor and an LED or laser diode based light source controlled by the sensor to illuminate the scene with near infrared light.

</doc>
<doc id="19237333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237333" title="HM Prison Blundeston">
HM Prison Blundeston

HM Prison Blundeston is a Category C men's prison, located in the Village of Blundeston in Suffolk, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is due to close by March 2014.
History.
Opened in 1963 with four wings, Blundeston Prison was expanded in 1975 with two additional wings. 
In 1996 the prison came under intense criticism after six inmates escaped whist being transferred to other jails. The escapers had allegedly been running their own 'criminal empire' at Blundeston before their transfer. Further controversy hit the prison in 2003 when a prison officer was "sacked for making an insulting remark about...Osama bin Laden." This followed reports that inmates at Blundeston had seen their fruit quota cut after some had been accused of fermenting it to make alcohol.
The prison today.
Accommodation at the prison includes 4 wings of single cells and 2 wings of 2 or 4 man cells. The therepeutic wing has single cell accommodation. As none of the cells are located on the ground floor of the prison (And there is no accessible lift system) Blundeston cannot accept disabled prisoners.
HMP Blundeston provides workshops, training courses, a Listener Scheme and a full-time Resettlement Officer. Blundeston's visitor centre is staffed and managed by the Ormiston Children and Families Trust with facilities including a refreshments area, toilets, public pay phone and play facilities for children. There is also a supervised small playroom for children between the ages of 2–8 years.
On 4 September 2013, the Ministry of Justice announced that it intends to close Blundeston Prison by March 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19237340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237340" title="West Coast of Vancouver Island Aquatic Management Board">
West Coast of Vancouver Island Aquatic Management Board

The West Coast Vancouver Island Aquatic Management Board is one of Canada’s only co-management bodies for aquatic ecosystems. During the 1980s and 1990s, the federal government and coastal communities came to agree that a gap had to be closed; aquatic management decisions should start to include regional voices and representation, mainly coastal communities, fishermen, and First Nations.
Roles and Responsibilities.
The AMB is a forum for the coastal communities and other persons and bodies affected by aquatic resource management off the West Coast. Through this forum they can participate more fully with governments in all aspects of management and provide recommendations to DFO. The board includes representatives from four levels of government, including the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nations. The Board has been mandated to:
- be the primary forum on aquatic resource policy specific to the management area. 
- deal with local aquatic resource policy issues with implications outside of the management area 
- be a key source of advice to decision-makers on coast-wide aquatic resource policy relating to the management area. 
- undertake integrated aquatic resource 
- management responsibilities in the management area in cooperation with the relevant government agencies. 
The board makes decisions and recommendations both on the conservation of aquatic resources and input on associated economic development opportunities.
Structure
The Board consists of:
- two members appointed by the Government of Canada 
- two members appointed by the Province of British Columbia
- two members appointed by Nuu-chah-nulth Tribal Council
- two members appointed by the regional districts
- eight non-government members jointly appointed by the governments pursuant to nominations solicited from coastal communities and other persons and bodies affected by aquatic resource management in the management area (i.e. commercial harvesters, First Nation harvesters, recreational sector, aquaculture, conservation)
The geographic scope of the Board corresponds with Nuu-chah-nulth Ha-houlthee, which extends seaward from Cape Cook on Brooks Peninsula to Solander Islands, to the international boundary along the entrance to Juan de Fuca Straits, then true north to Sheringham Point. Inland boundaries generally follow the height of land along watersheds dividing Vancouver Island.
Decisions are made by consensus. 
Administration.
The Executive Director is Denise Dalmer.
Co-Chairs include: Tom Pater and Tom Happynook

</doc>
<doc id="19237371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237371" title="Kars (disambiguation)">
Kars (disambiguation)

Kars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19237391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237391" title="Keeling Coal Company">
Keeling Coal Company

The Keeling Coal Company was a nineteenth-century mining company in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Its mines were part of the Pittsburgh Coalfield.
Ormsby Mine and Gravity Plane.
The Ormsby mine was an underground coal mine, originally opened in 1838 by the son-in law of Oliver Ormsby, John Harding Page and Captain Phillips. The mine was served by a gravity plane. or incline, built between 1838 and 1844. It was operated by Doctor Oliver Harrison Ormsby, the son of the above named Oliver Ormsby, from 1851 to 1861.
The Keeling Coal Company operated it from 1861 to May 1878, when it was taken over by the Birmingham Coal Company, which had Joseph Keeling as one of its partners. The mine was extensive, eventually connecting to the nearby Bausman Mine, which Keeling also operated.
Coal from this mine was used in early steam engine experiments by the U.S. Navy on the "Michigan".
Coal Road.
An underground transportation system connecting the Ormsby mine with other local coal mines was begun in 1867. Like many mine railroads in the Pittsburgh area, this was a 40 inch gauge line.
After the coal was removed, it was trans[ported underground from the South Hills to industries along the Monongahela river. The "coal road" passed under three hills, under Mount Oliver, Pennsylvania, then a trestle over a ravine at the present location of Parkwood Road, then under the hill topped by Fort Jones, later St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church and St. Clair Village, then over another ravine at the present-day Wagner Street, to re-enter an underground mine section in Carrick near where Bruner Street is today. This mine connected with the Bausman Mine in Spiketown, now Carrick, and was still operational in 1899. Coal was transferred from Spiketown to the mine entrance on St. Patrick Street by a tail rope system, which was later replaced by a steam locomotive that ran underground. The coal from the mine was transferred to the Birmingham Coal Railroad, a narrow gauge railroad that ran down the middle of South 21st Street from an inclined plane railroad. Although the incline is no longer in existence, its site is occupied by South Side Park, which was also a location of a Sankey brick works. When the enginehouse of the coal road burned shortly before the expiration of Keeling's lease on the mine, the lease was not renewed; At about the same time, the Pittsburgh and Whitehall Railroad obtained an easement adjacent to the track in the center of South 21st St.
Knoxville Incline.
In addition to the incline from the Ormsby mine, the Keeling company ran a separate incline for coal, this one with a curve, that in part ran parallel to the lower end of the Mt. Oliver Incline.
Later the Knoxville Incline was built parallel to it.

</doc>
<doc id="19237407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237407" title="La Historia">
La Historia

La Historia ("The History") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19237430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237430" title="List of state highways in Marquette County, Michigan">
List of state highways in Marquette County, Michigan

The state trunkline highways in Marquette County, Michigan account for about of the State Trunkline Highway System in Michigan. Most roads within the county are two-lane highways, while others are sections of four-lane highways or city streets. There are no interstate highways in Marquette County. There is one U.S. Highway that runs through the county, U.S. Highway 41 (US 41), and six other signed trunklines. A state-maintained business loop in the county is included in the total. There are two former trunklines, one of which was a business loop.
Roadways.
The roadways in Marquette County fall into one of three general classifications: state trunklines, county roads or city streets. The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) maintains two categories of trunklines that run through the county: US highways and regular state trunklines. There have been 13 state trunkline highway designations used in Marquette County, six of which have been transferred to the jurisdiction of a city or redesignated with another number. Trunklines that are not Interstate or US highways bear a M-route designation with the diamond marker.
State trunkline highways.
U.S. highways.
There has been one U.S. highway in Marquette County, U.S. Highway 41 (US 41), which spans for over within the county. The route was numbered by 1919 as M-15; however, this designation was changed in 1926. Since its designation, US 41 has served the cities of Marquette, Negaunee, and Ishpeming. US 41 has had two business loops in the county, although neither of them still exist as BUS US 41. BUS US 41 in Marquette was transferred to the City of Marquette in 2005, and BUS US 41 in Ishpeming and Negaunee is now just BUS M-28. US 41/M-28 run concurrently through the county, forming a major artery for Michigan and even Canadian traffic.
Other state trunklines.
Of the 13 trunkline designations used in Marquette County, 10 of them have been used for regular state trunklines. Four of these designations are no longer in use. M-15 is now US 41, and M-45 is now M-95. M-554 has been transferred to the City of Marquette and was reclassified as a city street. The BUS M-28 designation on the former BUS US 41 was retired in the late 1970s. Other trunklines in the county include M-35 and the M-route trunkline that bears the highest number in the state, M-553. The longest M-route state trunkline is M-28, which runs for across the UP crosses Marquette County as well.
County-maintained roads.
All public roadways in Michigan that are not state trunklines or city streets are maintained by the county road commission, including streets in communities that are a part of a township. Marquette County signs primary county roads with a marker bearing a three-digit number. Other roads are assigned double- or triple-letter designations in addition to any names assigned to the roadways by a city or township.
City streets.
The remaining category of public roadway in Marquette County is that of city streets. The streets are maintained by one of the three cities in the county: Ishpeming, Negaunee, or Marquette. The cities are responsible for maintaining any streets that are not otherwise under the control of state or county. Lakeshore Drive in Ishpeming was transferred to state control in 1999 to become part of BUS M-28, and Grove Street in Marquette is also CR 500. These two streets, like others in the county, are under the jurisdiction of the state or county.
Statistics.
The chart below shows the state trunkline highways in Marquette County by year of creation, length, and municipalities crossed.

</doc>
<doc id="19237463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237463" title="Radio Club Uruguayo">
Radio Club Uruguayo

The Radio Club Uruguayo (RCU) (in English, literally Radio Club of Uruguay) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Uruguay. RCU was founded on August 23, 1933. The RCU operates a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular contact with amateur radio operators in other countries. Radio Club Uruguayo represents the interests of amateur radio operators in Uruguay before national and international regulatory authorities. RCU is the national member society representing Uruguay in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19237481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237481" title="1997 Arizona Cardinals season">
1997 Arizona Cardinals season

The 1997 Arizona Cardinals season was the 78th season the franchise was in the National Football League and 10th in Arizona. The team was unable to match their previous output of 7–9, instead winning only four games. The Cardinals failed to qualify to the playoffs for the fifteenth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="19237501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237501" title="Browse wrap">
Browse wrap

Browse-wrap (also Browserwrap or browse-wrap license) is a term used in Internet law to refer to a contract or license agreement covering access to or use of materials on a web site or downloadable product. In a browse-wrap agreement, the terms and conditions of use for a website or other downloadable product are posted on the website, typically as a hyperlink at the bottom of the screen. Unlike a clickwrap agreement, where the user must manifest assent to the terms and conditions by clicking on an "I agree" box, a browse-wrap agreement does not require this type of express manifestation of assent. Rather, a web-site user purportedly gives his or her assent by simply using the product — such as by entering the website or downloading software.
Browse-wrap agreements, like clickwrap agreements, derive their name by analogy to "shrinkwrap" used in the licensing of tangible forms of software sold in packages.
While U.S. courts have consistently held that shrink-wrap agreements create a legally binding contract, browse-wrap agreements present different issues because it is less clear that the person using the website has accepted the terms of the agreement. Courts that have ruled on the issue have held that the validity of a browse-wrap agreement primarily depends on whether a website user has actual or constructive notice of the terms and conditions prior to using the website or other product.
Case law.
In "Specht v. Netscape", the Second Circuit Court of Appeals looked at the enforceability of a browse-wrap contract entered into on the Netscape website. Users of the site were urged to download free software available on the site by clicking on a tinted button labeled "download". Only if a user scrolled down the page to the next screen did he come upon an invitation to review the full terms of the program's license agreement, available by hyperlink. The plaintiffs, who had not seen the agreement, downloaded the software and then were later sued for violations of federal privacy and computer fraud statutes arising from the use of the software. The Second Circuit then noted that an essential ingredient to contract formation is the mutual manifestation of assent. The court found that "a consumer's clicking on a download button does not communicate assent to contractual terms if the offer did not make clear to the consumer that clicking on the download button would signify assent to those terms." Because the plaintiffs were not put on notice of these terms they were not bound by them.
In "Ticketmaster v. Tickets.com", the court looked at a breach of contract claim where the terms and conditions were situated at the bottom of the home page in "small print." The court ruled for the defendant in this case but did allow Ticketmaster to replead if there were facts showing that the defendant had knowledge of the terms and implicitly agreed to them.
In 2005, the Illinois Appellate Court ruled in favor of a browse-wrap agreement in "Hubbert v. Dell Corp." In this case consumers of Dell products were repeatedly shown the words "All sales are subject to Dell's Term and Conditions of Sale", including a conspicuous hyperlink, over a series of pages. The court found that this repeated exposure and visual effect would put a reasonable person on notice of the "terms and conditions".
In "In re Zappos.com, Inc., Customer Data Security Breach Litigation", the United States District Court for the District of Nevada ruled against Zappos.com's browsewrap terms of use, describing that its presentation was not prominent, and that no reasonable user would have read the agreement.
Summary.
A browse-wrap agreement can be formed by use of a web page or a hyperlink or small disclaimer on the page. It may only be enforced if the browsing user assents to it. For assent to occur the browse-wrap agreement should be conspicuous, state that there is an agreement, and provide where it can be located. Courts examine the enforceability of browse-wrap agreements on a case-by-case basis, and there are no "bright-line" rules on whether a given agreement is sufficiently conspicuous. However, based on "Specht", some practitioners believe
that the icon for the terms of use agreement be placed in the upper left-hand quadrant of the homepage and that all visitors be channeled through the homepage. The reason for this suggestion is that the court will take judicial notice of the fact that all Internet pages open from the upper left-hand quadrant, thus the defendant must overcome the presumption that the icon was viewed. Without this presumption, the plaintiff has the burden of proving the defendant did see the icon.

</doc>
<doc id="19237503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237503" title="8 Metre (keelboat)">
8 Metre (keelboat)

International Eight Metre Class are class of racing yachts. Eight Metre boats (often called "Eights" or 8mR) are a "construction class", meaning that the boats are not identical but are all designed to meet specific measurement formula, in this case International Rule. Before WW II Eights were the most prestigious international yacht racing class, and they are still actively raced around the world. "Eight metre" in class name does not, somewhat confusingly, refer to length of the boat, but product of the formula. 8mR boats are on average some 15 metres long. Between 1907 and 2008 approximately 500 8mR boats were built, 177 of them have survived until today.
History.
The International Rule was set up in 1907 to replace earlier, simpler handicap system which were often local or at best, national, and often also fairly simple, producing extreme boats which were fast but lightly constructed and impractical. The Eight Metre class was the medium size rating established under the rule and they were chosen as an Olympic class in 1908 Summer Olympics. The Eights remained in the Olympics until 1936.
New, modern eights are still built utilising newest contemporary technologies, at the rate of 1-3 boats per year. During the 1980s, many old sailboat classes experienced a revival of interest. The Class has undergone a renaissance which has continued to the day, with many old yachts restored or rebuilt to racing condition, and 8mr competition is once again thriving with 25-35 boats participating annually at the 8mR Worlds. "The International Eight Register" includes 177 identified existing boats of a total of approximately 500 boats built from 1907 until today.
The 8 Metre is one of the potential Vintage Yachting Classes for the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games.
World Championships.
After a long break, the Worlds have been organized for the eight metres in four classes:
1. The World Cup.<br>
2. The Sira Cup - All Classic eights built prior to 1968<br>
3. The Neptune Trophy - All Classics with original deck plan build prior to 1970, wooden spars and Dacron sails

</doc>
<doc id="19237519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237519" title="Yelena Rudkovskaya">
Yelena Rudkovskaya

Yelena Grigoryevna Rudkovskaya () (born 21 April 1973 in Gomel) is a Belarusian swimmer and Olympic champion. She competed at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona, where she received a gold medal in 100 m breaststroke, and a bronze medal in 4×100 m medley relay.

</doc>
<doc id="19237521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237521" title="Unearthed (TV series)">
Unearthed (TV series)

Unearthed is a television series on the Animal Planet television channel.
Unearthed Series.
In April 2006, Animal Planet invited amateur wildlife filmmakers from around the world to participate in a reality t.v. show in the search of the new hot wildlife documentary maker. Directed by Andrew Barron (Temple of the Tigers), and presented by Animal Planet's very own Lyndal Davies, Unearthed took six contestants from around the world to South Africa to prove themselves. Aaron Dexter (Australia), Mayur Kamath (India), Karla Munguia (Mexico), Julia Cartwright (Denmark), Bryan Grayson (UK), and Jin Pyn Lee (Singapore) went under a series of challenges to be judged on their final films. Mayur, the contestant from India, was the winner.
Series 2.
Later, in July-August 2007, four new lucky contestants participated in the second series of the show: Amabel Adcock (UK), Sebastian van der Zwan (New Zealand), Mayuri Panse (India), and Jorge Cervera Hauser (México) spent a month living in the middle of award-winning Shamwari Game Reserve in South Africa to be judged on their final films by a renowned international jury formed by Wildscreen President Harriet Nimmo, independent filmmaker Mike Birkhead, Animal Planet's commissioning editor Mark Wild, and conservationist Adrian Gardiner. The show aired worldwide on April 2008. Jorge from México was the winner of series 2, and his short documentary Pride Lost was broadcast worldwide during 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19237538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237538" title="Gene Gerrard">
Gene Gerrard

Gene Gerrard (31 August 1892 – 1 June 1971) was an English film and stage actor. He starred in light musical comedies but returned to his stage career by the 1930s.
He was born Eugene O'Sullivan and began as a cutter in his father's tailoring business in High Holborn in Central London. He became an assistant to "Mozart" and made his stage debut at the revue at the Alhambra, London in 1910 and his screen debut in 1912 for the "Hepworth Company". He served in WWI.
Filmography.
Actor
Director 
Screenwriter

</doc>
<doc id="19237559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237559" title="Cobden Primary School">
Cobden Primary School

Cobden Primary School is a primary school serving the Farnley, New Farnley and Wortley areas of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. 

</doc>
<doc id="19237560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237560" title="The Fever (2004 film)">
The Fever (2004 film)

The Fever is a 2004 film a psychological drama produced by HBO Films, and directed by Carlo Gabriel Nero and based on the 1990 eponymous play by writer/actor, Wallace Shawn. 
The film stars Vanessa Redgrave and includes cameos by Angelina Jolie, Joely Richardson and Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Michael Moore.
Plot.
The film follows the existential crisis of an unnamed urban sophisticate (Vanessa Redgrave) who becomes aware of the nature of world politics, economic exploitation and the vapid consumerism around her. A series of events lead her to visit an unnamed third world country, representing an exotic location somewhere in Eastern Europe, where the entire economy and populace are geared towards the tourist industry. Even as she enjoys the rare taste of its products she is made starkly aware of the reality behind the façade by a journalist (Michael Moore) who, subsequently, suggests a visit to the country's war-torn neighbour in order to experience a true picture of life in the region. She does so and her life is changed forever. 
Once back, and now acutely attuned to the world about her, she can no longer fit back into her old elitist and consumer-driven lifestyle; watching operas, discussing art and theatre with friends, shopping for "beautiful things" and aggrandizing her trifling everyday struggles, all seem meaningless to her compared with her recent macro epiphany. Compared with the global struggle for existence, her life begins to feel insignificant. Having lived in the bubble her guilt-free, pleasure-filled, life she is now challenged to look beyond comfort and soon finds herself in the throes of a moral dilemma, questioning the moral consistency of her own life and the choices that have had an impact on the lives of the poor in far corners of the globe. She feels that she cannot be truly free having apprehended this new reality, which confronts her blindness to the harsh truths of the class struggle and her sense of entitlement, which had, in the past, been broken, only occasionally, by displays of sympathy. 
She returns to the war-torn nation to explore her feelings further, this new reality now drawing her ever deeper. This leads to a delirious bout of fever in a run-down hotel where her inner-self challenges her need for comfort and entitlement, culminating in a moment of spiritual awakening and a perceived 'oneness' with all reality. Finally she sees the truth about her own life and her innate connection with every human being, apprehending the transient nature of her material life. She can no longer sit, immersed in her personal comforts and vanity, or "clean sheets" as she terms it, and pretend it’s all right when the world around her is filled with strife and exploitation for millions of people. She is lustrated of her previous immunity towards their predicament and is, by extension, finally able to see the truth of own life, as summarised by film's tag-line: "Enlightenment Can Be Brutal".
Production.
Parts of the film was shot in Snowdonia and Penmon, Anglesey in North Wales to represent locations in Eastern Europe
Reception.
A review in "The New York Times" describes Shawn's play as a, "controversial study of the growing chasm between the first and third world". The same newspaper describes the film adaptation as, "..a drama that employs animation and thought-provoking first-person monologues to explore the concept of bourgeois privilege".

</doc>
<doc id="19237563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237563" title="Annette Roozen">
Annette Roozen

Annette Roozen (born March 11, 1976 in Utrecht) is a Dutch paraplegic track and field athlete.
When Roozen was sixteen years old, her right leg had to be amputated due to osteosarcoma. Five years later, in 1997, she attended a local sports day for prosthesis users where her interest in athletics was born. Her first international title came in 2003 when she won the 100 metres sprint at the European Championships in Assen in a time of 18.11 seconds, at that time a new European record. That same day she also participated at the long jump, winning the bronze medal with a leap of 2.95 metres. A month later, she won two gold medals at the Open German Championships in Wattenscheid. She broke the world records in both disciplines: 17.85 seconds over 100 metres and 3.19 metres in the long jump. On May 31, 2004, she broke the World record over 100 metres again, this time during the FBK-Games in Hengelo with a time of 17.20 seconds. She represented the Netherlands at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, not in the 100 metres, but only in the long jump. She jumped a personal best of 3.33 metres, but eventually finished in fifth position, without winning a medal.
In Lelystad, she took part in the 2005 Dutch National Championships for Parathletes, where she won her first national titles, coming first in both the 100 metres and the long jump. A day later, she improved her personal best and national record at the long jump to 3.55 metres during the FBK-Games of that year. She successfully defended her national titles in both disciplines and at the Paralympic Challenge in Duderstadt on May 20, 2006, she ran a new world record over 100 metres in 16.90 seconds. In Leverkusen on August 25, 2006, she broke the European record in the long jump with 3.61 metres. Back in her home country in Assen, they organized the 2006 World Championships and Roozen became double World Champion. She won the 100 metres in 16.96 seconds and made a distance of 3.49 metres in the long jump.
In 2007, she did not become the Dutch national 100 metres champion again, but she succeeded for the third consecutive time in the long jump, with a distance of 3.50 metres. Despite missing her third national 100 metres title, she ran a new, but unofficial world record at the Run2Day Track Meetings in Utrecht, to improve to 16.64 seconds. At the 2007 FBK-Games, she jumped 3.57 metres in the long jump and she won the 100 metres race in 16.75 seconds, this time an official World record. On June 17, 2007, in Stadskanaal during the Nelli Cooman-Games, she broke the world record again, this time in 16.57 seconds. She also participated in a race over 200 metres for the very first time in her career, running straight to a new World record of 34.46 seconds. Due to this effort she won the "Bronze Nelli Cooman Trophy". At the end of the year she was named Dutch sportsperson of the year with a disability (Joke van Rijswijk Trophy), however she had to share the title with Marion Nijhof, a blind swimmer.
On June 1, 2008, at the Open Dutch Championships in Emmeloord, Roozen once again broke the 100 metres world record with a new best time of 16.48 seconds. She represented the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, where she qualified for the 100 metres and the long jump. The 200 metres in her class was not run during the Paralympics. In the long jump, she made 3.23 metres in her first jump, being only in fifth position after. With her second jump of 3.63 metres, she jumped further than any of the other athletes did in the first jump; however Christine Wolf jumped 3.65 metres that same round to take the lead. None of the others managed to get over the 3.63, although Ewa Zielinska came close with 3.62 metres. In the last part of the competition, Wolf jumped 3.73 metres and a new world record in her fifth out of six jumps. Roozen was unable to jump that far and won the silver medal. Zielinska took the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19237564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237564" title="Kalaheo High School">
Kalaheo High School

Kalaheo High School is a public high school in Kailua CDP, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii, United States on the island of Oahu.
The school building opened as an intermediate school in 1966, but was repurposed as a high school in 1973. The school mascot is the Mustang, and the school colors are blue and orange. Some graduating classes have had all blue or all orange graduation gowns and caps.
The campus has the glazed ceramic tile sculpture "Spirit of the Koolaus" by Claude Horan.

</doc>
<doc id="19237579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237579" title="International Congress of Slavists">
International Congress of Slavists

The International Congress of Slavists is a Slavist quinquennial gathering for the humanities and social sciences. The first Congress was held in 1929 in Prague.
Forty countries worldwide are represented. Their chairs are members of the International Committee of Slavists (ICS), responsible for organizing the International Congress.
There are two parts to the Presidium. 

</doc>
<doc id="19237584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237584" title="Moseley Park School">
Moseley Park School

Moseley Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Bilston area of Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England.
Moseley Park converted to academy status in June 2012, and was previously a community school under the direct control of Wolverhampton City Council with specialist Technology College status. The school continues to coordinate with Wolverhampton City Council for admissions.

</doc>
<doc id="19237608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237608" title="Alberto Jara Saguier">
Alberto Jara Saguier

Alberto Isidoro Jara Saguier (born 30 September 1943 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder and coach. Alberto is one of the seven Jara Saguier brothers that played professional football in Paraguay.
Career.
As player.
Jara Saguier started his career in the youth divisions of his hometown club Rubio Ñú and eventually made the first team, helping the club win the second division tournament in 1963. He was then transferred to French club Red Star Saint-Ouen in 1966, and the following year signed for Real Mallorca of Spain before returning to Paraguay to play for Olimpia Asunción (1969), Libertad (1970) and River Plate de Asunción (1971).
At the national team level, Alberto Jara Saguier was part of the Paraguay squad that competed in the qualifiers for the 1966 FIFA World Cup, which Paraguay failed to qualify.
As coach.
Alberto Jara Saguier managed the youth divisions of Olimpia, Cerro Porteño, General Caballero ZC and other small teams in the Ciudad del Este area. He managed the first team of clubs like Sportivo Iteño, Sportivo Isla Pucú, Sportivo Coronel Oviedo, Minga Guazú, Deportivo Boquerón and Club Atletico 3 de Febrero

</doc>
<doc id="19237619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237619" title="USS Tuscumbia (YTB-762)">
USS Tuscumbia (YTB-762)

USS "Tuscumbia" (YTB-762) was a United States Navy large district harbor tug. The second ship to bear the name, "Tuscumbia" was named for the town of Tuscumbia, Alabama, which had been named for a Cherokee chief.
Construction and commissioning.
The contract for "Tuscumbia" was awarded 14 October 1960. She was laid down down on 16 February 1961 at Slidell, Louisiana by Southern Shipbuilding Corporation 22 August 1961.
Operational history.
"Tuscumbia" served in the Pacific Ocean, initially at San Diego, California, attached to the 11th Naval District, until shifted to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, to operate in the 14th Naval District providing the necessary tug and tow services to support the U.S. Pacific Fleet from 1963 to and into 1978.
"Tuscumbia" is clearly visible in the closing scenes of the movie "Down Periscope" released in March 1996. According to IMDB, most of the harbor footage was shot in San Francisco, so there is a visual record of her in that location at that time.
Striken from the Navy List, date unknown though likely sometime in 1995, ex-"Tuscumbia" was transferred to the Maritime Administration 11 September 1995. At some point, Atoll Institute was in negotiation with MARAD to acquire ex-"Tuscumbia" for conversion to R/V "PERL".

</doc>
<doc id="19237661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237661" title="George Ward (Liberal MP)">
George Ward (Liberal MP)

George Ward JP (14 January 1879 - 3 December 1951) was a British Liberal politician and boot manufacturer.
Biography.
Ward was educated at Barwell National School in Leicestershire. In 10 June 1905 he married Emily Haydon. In business Ward was a highly successful Boot and Shoe Manufacturer but he also served in local politics as a Parish, District and County Councillor, later an Alderman and as a Justice of the Peace. In 1923 he was elected as Liberal Member of Parliament for Bosworth. He held the seat until the 1924 election. 
He died in Hinckley aged 72, when his address was Rosslyn, Barwell, near Leicester.
Legacy.
In his Will, George Ward left his former home, the Cedars to the people of Barwell, which was used as an educational establishment for a number of years, until it was vacated in 2002 due to subsidence problems. After a number of years, the George Ward Community Centre was opened in the village using the money from the sale of the Cedars, and was so-named in honour of George Ward's contribution to the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19237664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237664" title="Darijan Matič">
Darijan Matič

Darijan Matič (born 28 May 1983 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian international footballer, currently playing for Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19237666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237666" title="Papua New Guinea national netball team">
Papua New Guinea national netball team

The Papua New Guinea national netball team represent Papua New Guinea in international netball competition. They are nicknamed the "Pepes", which comes from the Keapara word for "butterfly". Papua New Guinea played in the 2010 Commonwealth Games, finishing 11th. As of July 2011, the Pepes are 17th in the IFNA World Rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="19237669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237669" title="Pax Romana (organization)">
Pax Romana (organization)

Pax Romana - the international federation of Catholic intellectuals (university students and graduates), one of the oldest international lay Catholic movements.
Name.
The organization's name: Pax Romana, refers to the peace existing in the days of Christ. The movement received "Pax Romana" in 1921 from Pope Benedict XV.
Motto.
""Pax Christi in regno Christi""
History.
Pax Romana was created in two stages:
Structure.
IMCS/MIEC.
The International Team of IMCS / MIEC Pax Romana consists of an President, Secretary General, Ecclesial Assistant.
Organization is composed of regional structures, of which some are joined with IYCS/JECI:
ICMICA/MIIC.
The International Team of ICMICA / MIIC Pax Romana consists of an President, Secretary General, Ecclesial Assistant. The International Council is composed of Five Regional Vice-Presidents (who are also coordinators for certain continent), and Vice President for Finance and two countries from each region. 
Elections to the International Team shall be held during the Plenary Assembly, which takes place every 4 years. In between the International Team convokes annual International Council Meeting. In 2004, it took place in Warsaw, Poland (for the first time in the history of Pax Romana in Poland), while in 2008 in Nairobi, Kenya (for the first time on the African continent).
International Council.
International Team of ICMICA/MIIC Pax Romana
Mandate 2004-2008:
Mandate 2008-2012:
Mandate 2012-2016:
European Board.
Each regional (for each continent) Board is elected for a 4-year term and consists of 7 members of the board and vice president of the given continent, who coordinates the work of the board. Elections are held during the Regional (continental) Assembly, which takes place after every International Congress. In 2004, Congress was held in Poland, in 2008, Kenya.
Each regional board is assisted by regional Ecclesial Assistant.
European Board 2004-2008.
President of the European Board (vice-president of the International Board): Piotr Cywinski.
Ecclesial Assistant: father Luis Maria Goikotxea (in the next term of office nominated the International Ecclesial Assistant of Pax Romana).
Among members of the Board were:
European Board 2008-2012.
President of the European Board (vice-president of the International Board): Philippe Ledouble.
Ecclesial Assistant: (to be nominated by November 2008).
Members of the Board:
Membership.
Currently, brings together Federations and Movements of Catholic Intellectuals and Professional from over 54 countries.
Specialized Secretariats.
ICMICA / MIIC Pax Romana also works by 6 specialized secretariats:
Representation.
Pax Romana (jointly between International Movement of Catholic Students and International Catholic Movement for Intellectual and Cultural Affairs) has a special consultative status with ECOSOC (Economic, Social and Cultural Council) of the United Nations. It has representative in New York, Paris, Geneva, Vienna and Nairobi. Pax Romana is a recognized as a private organisation before the Canon Law of the Catholic Church. It is also a member of CONGO (Conference of NGOs in consultative relationship with the United Nations)

</doc>
<doc id="19237674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237674" title="List of strongman competitions">
List of strongman competitions


</doc>
<doc id="19237680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237680" title="Nanakuli High and Intermediate School">
Nanakuli High and Intermediate School

Nanakuli High and Intermediate School is a public secondary school in the Nanakuli CDP, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii, United States. It was established in 1967 and serves grades 7 through 12. 
The campus boasts the copper and bronze sculpture "Tree of Knowledge" by Satoru Abe.
Nanakuli High and Intermediate School's mascot is the Golden Hawk.
School Colors: Black and Gold
Principal: Darin Pilialoha
Traditions.
Homecoming
Every year Nanakuli High and Intermediate School celebrates its homecoming with a week-long competition called Spirit Week. This is an event in which all separate classes from grades 7-12 compete with each other in various planned activities. There are different themes for each day of the week decided by NHIS's student government. This competition is usually concluded with Black and Gold day on the Friday of the homecoming game.
Along with its noon time festivities, Homecoming in Nanakuli High and Intermediate is usually accompanied by a parade on the afternoon of the Homecoming game. This parade starts from Mano Road and makes its way all the way up Nanakuli Valley into the NHIS's football field. Within this parade one can see the many various organizations within the school. There are mini floats made by each individual class that students from their respective classes march with in the procession to the school. Other than class floats, there is also a Homecoming court, which consist of class attendants (1 boy and 1 girl) from the 9-12th grade classes in addition to the Homecoming King and Queen and Mr. and Ms. Golden Hawk. 
The Homecoming festivities come to its conclusion with the Varsity team's game and when the winners of the Spirit Week competition are announced at half time after the presentation of the Homecoming court. Homecoming is one of Nanakuli High and Intermediate School's major events not only within the school, but within the community as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19237684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237684" title="New York Giants Radio Network">
New York Giants Radio Network

The New York Giants Radio Network is a broadcast radio network based in New York City, the official radio broadcaster of the New York Giants. The network's radio broadcasts are currently flagshipped at WFAN, a station owned by CBS Radio. Overflow radio casts air on WCBS, WFAN's corporate sibling
The network distributes Giants home and away games to a network of 18 stations in 3 states. Bob Papa is the current play-by-play announcer, with former Giants linebacker Carl Banks as color analyst, and former Giants tight end Howard Cross as sideline reporter.

</doc>
<doc id="19237718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237718" title="Jara Saguier">
Jara Saguier

Jara Saguier is the last name of several former football (soccer) players from Paraguay. This may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19237738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237738" title="Chris Taylor (Grizzly Bear musician)">
Chris Taylor (Grizzly Bear musician)

Christopher "Chris" Taylor (born August 29, 1981) is a multi-instrumentalist and producer best known for his role as bass guitarist in the Brooklyn-based indie folk group, Grizzly Bear. Taylor also records solo material under the moniker CANT, releasing his debut album, "Dreams Come True", in 2011. 
Acting as Grizzly Bear's regular producer, Taylor has also produced albums for Dirty Projectors, Department of Eagles, Miles Benjamin Anthony Robinson, Twin Shadow and The Morning Benders.
Biography.
Born in Seattle, Washington, Taylor is a 2004 graduate of New York University, and once worked in a coffee shop with TV on the Radio members Kyp Malone and David Sitek.
He joined Grizzly Bear following their first release, "Horn of Plenty" (2004). His contributions to the band's sound since then have varied, and he has become the band's producer since their second album, "Yellow House" (2006). In live performances, Taylor frequently switches between playing the bass, clarinet, flute, saxophone and sometimes the accordion. He also contributes vocals on most songs.
CANT and Terrible Records.
In mid-2009 Taylor founded Terrible Records with label partner Ethan Silverman. He has also released his own solo material which (under the moniker CANT) on the label. His debut solo album, "Dreams Come True", was released September 13, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19237750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237750" title="Mount Foster">
Mount Foster

Mount Foster is a peak rising to in the Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is the highest point of the South Shetland Islands archipelago.
Mount Foster has triple peaks of which Mount Foster proper is the southernmost, the central one is Evlogi Peak (2090 m), and the northern one is Antim Peak (2070 m). The first ascent was made by Greg Landreth and team on 29 January 1996.
The feature is named after Captain Henry Foster, commander of HMS Chanticleer who explored the South Shetlands in 1829.
Location.
Mount Foster is linked by Zavet Saddle to Slaveykov Peak to the southwest and surmounts Bistra Glacier to the west, Chuprene Glacier to the north-northwest, Rupite Glacier to the east, Landreth Glacier to the southeast and Dragoman Glacier to the south-southeast. The peak is located 5.45 km northeast of Riggs Peak, 2.78 km south-southeast of Garmen Point, 7.64 km southwest of Mount Pisgah and 3.86 km north-northwest of Ivan Asen Point (Bulgarian mapping in 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19237756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237756" title="Lake Eustis Museum of Art">
Lake Eustis Museum of Art

Lake Eustis Museum of Art is located at 1 West Orange Avenue, Eustis, Florida. Opened in 1995, the museum exhibits contemporary artwork from the Southeastern United States, and is the only art museum in Lake County.

</doc>
<doc id="19237759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237759" title="Shi Guangsheng">
Shi Guangsheng

Shi Guangsheng (Chinese: 石廣生; September 1939 - ) is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and the former Minister of Foreign Trade and Economic Co-operation of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19237770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237770" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 25 metre pistol">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 25 metre pistol

Both stages of the women's 25 metre pistol competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics were held on 22 September, and the final was fired at 14:00 Australian Eastern Standard Time (UTC+10). After having lost only one point in the precision stage, Tao Luna set a new Olympic record of 590 points in the qualification round, but lost the final to Mariya Grozdeva, who won on a new Olympic final record of 690.3.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
The final consisted of ten precision shots, with a time limit of 75 seconds per shot.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19237774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237774" title="Carla Borghetti">
Carla Borghetti

Carla Borghetti (18 September 1971 in Buenos Aires) is a female singer who specializes in Tango music.
Biography.
Borghetti was born into a musically-active family. She studied voice performance at the Conservatorio Superior de Música “Manuel De Falla” in Buenos Aires.
Singing career.
Borghetti's first experience with public performance was in 1998 with the quartet "Vuelta de Rocha", a tango performance group which competed in several Argentine contests. The group won second place in its category in the first Biennial contest of the Facultad de Ciencias Económicas de la Universidad de Buenos Aires.
In 2003 Borghetti relocated to México City, where she continued performing and competing. She participated in the FIME 2007 festival. She collaborated in music for theater, including "Cada Quién su Frida" (Ofelia Medina), "Pacamambo" and "Willy Protágoras Encerrado en el Baño", both directed by Hugo Arrevillaga.
In 2005 she co-founded "La Compañia del Tango Nomada" with Iván Peňaňori (who serves as Artistic Director). The effort is a fusion of tango with other forms of popular music. She is also part of the Mexican company "Latin Tango".
Her work in traditional tango has been gathered in a compilation album entitled "Bagaje" (Baggage).
She collaborated with Dina Rot in the album "Buena semana", which contains Sephardic melodies.
In 2008 she was recognized for her Musical Innovation in the IV Festival de las Artes Escénicas y Alternativas in Mexico City.
In June 2009 she participated in the "Feria de las Culturas Amigas de la Ciudad de México", hosted by the Argentine Embassy in Mexico and by the Culture Secretariat of the Mexican government.

</doc>
<doc id="19237796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237796" title="Managed facilities-based voice network">
Managed facilities-based voice network

A managed facilities-based voice network, or MFVN, is a physical network owned and operated by a voice service provider that delivers traditional telephone service via a loop start analog telephone interface. MFVNs are interconnected with the public switched telephone network (PSTN) and provide dialtone to end users. Historically, this was provided by equipment at Bell company central offices, however today's MFVNs can include a combination of access network (last mile network of copper, coaxial cable, or fiber optics), customer premises equipment (CPE), network switches and routers, network management systems, voice call servers, and gateways to the larger PSTN. 
MFVN providers include cable operators and telephone companies, but do not include Internet based providers such as Vonage, Magic Jack, and others that use the public internet to carry calls.
Definition.
MFVN providers:
(a) Manage and maintain their network to ensure end-to-end service quality and reliability from the service subscriber location to the PSTN or other MFVN peer network,
(b) Provide a service that is functionally equivalent to traditional analog phone service with respect to dialing, dial plan, call completion, carriage of voice signals and protocols, and loop voltage treatment,
(c) Provide real-time transmission of voice signals that carry FAX, data, Point of Sale (POS), burglar alarm and fire alarm system formats unchanged,
(d) Provide both professional installation and subscriber information on home wiring practices for residential installations if self-installation is available, which preserves primary line seizure for alarm system interconnection, and
(e) Have major and minor disaster recovery plans to address both individual customer outages and widespread events such as tornados, ice storms or other occurrences of a catastrophic nature, which include specific network power restoration procedures equivalent to those of traditional landline telephone services.
History.
The term MFVN was introduced in 2007 by various telephony user organizations and stakeholders who rely on telephone service to provide security and life safety services. The concern of these organizations and stakeholders was the reliability of new telephone technology and services. This new technology was based on packet voice technology, or the Voice over Internet Protocol, which was not well understood. These organizations and stakeholders increasingly realized that they could no longer simply assume that phone service would be reliable enough, because it was increasingly being delivered in various ways, even by traditional providers. Clear performance requirements were needed to define when a phone line was suitable for security and life safety services. 
This issue was not new, as analog copper based networks had been transitioning to digital telephony technology for 25 years (via fiber buildout by telephone companies), and to IP technology methods for the last 10 years (via broadband buildout by telco, cable, and competitive local exchange carriers). What was new was that copper based analog phone service was not even an option anymore in many areas, as it was being completely replaced by digital and IP based phone service. 
Starting in the early part of the 2000s, IP based voice services began being offered by non-traditional providers such as cable television service providers and Internet voice service providers. The demand for these services grew due to competitive pricing and value added services not offered by the traditional telephone providers. The use of these non-traditional telephone methods for security and life safety communications was not well understood, so use was discouraged and in some cases not allowed by local authorities. There was no distinction between voice services provided over the "best-effort" Internet and voice services provided over managed facilities. It became clear that only managed facilities based providers could assure reliability end to end. Only facilities based providers could monitor and maintain the expected quality of service (call quality, operation during power failure, wiring procedures that guaranteed pre-emption of existing calls for emergency calls, and local disaster recovery capabilities). 
In 2007, the concept of the Managed Facilities-based Voice Network was introduced by non-traditional telephone providers as a way to think about the PSTN as a collection of managed networks, rather than as a single, monolithic entity. 
The National Fire Protection Association incorporated this concept into the latest fire code, NFPA 72 2010, which is now the basis for determining whether a given phone line is an acceptable method for fire alarm signaling transmission from a protected premises to a supervising central monitoring station. Local authorities, such as fire inspectors, now no longer need to make these determinations on an individual case basis.
States have begun to recognize and accept the use of MFVN. In Florida, it has been adopted by statute, whereby all quaified MFVNs are now allowed for fire alarm monitoring. 
The following diagram is a high level view of the different types of MFVNs vs non-MFVNs compared side-by-side. They are the non-MFVN Internet VoIP, Plain Old Telephone Service MFVN (POTS), MFVN Cable, MFVN DSL, and MFVN Fiber. 

</doc>
<doc id="19237800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237800" title="Alberto Coto García">
Alberto Coto García

Alberto Coto García (born May 20, 1970, in Lada, Langreo, Asturias) is a mental calculator and was the world champion in mental calculation from 2008 to 2010.
Professionally he is a financial adviser and accountant. He has demonstrated his skills and has appeared on some TV shows and news. In recent years he has carried out demonstrations and conferences.
Beginnings.
When Alberto was six years old he demonstrated calculation skills counting the final score while playing cards. Over the years, due to his interest on calculation and brain strengthening, he has developed his capacity, becoming the fastest human calculator in the world, certificated by some Guinness Records and his titles of World Champion.
Books.
Alberto has written three books:
His books reached best seller in Spain and in Latin America.
World Champion and records.
Over three sessions of the Mental Calculation World Cup, Alberto Coto has always succeeded in some of the titles.
On July 1, 2008, Alberto Coto was proclaimed world champion in mental calculation in Leipzig (Germany) against 28 participants from 12 countries. He lost the title in Magdeburg in June 2010, to Priyanshi Somani
Currently, he has this recognized record:
This record means a calculation speed of about 5 operations per second.

</doc>
<doc id="19237806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237806" title="Kaes Van't Hof">
Kaes Van't Hof

Kaes Van't Hof (born August 1, 1986) is a former American tennis player.
Early life.
Van't Hof was born in Newport Beach, California. 
Tennis career.
In 2008, he won the 2008 Pac-10 singles championship and followed the win with the 2008 Pac-10 doubles championship with his partner, Farah. Van't Hof's father, Robert, who also played for USC, became the first father and son to win the intercollegiate singles championship since it was added to the Ojai tournament in 1911.
Van't Hof and Farah went on to win the 2008 NCAA men's doubles title.
Van't Hof played at the 2008 U.S. Open, reaching the second round of the men's doubles tournament, with his partner, Michael McClune.
After tennis.
Kaes now works at Citigroup in New York as an investment banker in the Banks and Diversified Financials Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="19237809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237809" title="Pinchas Goldschmidt">
Pinchas Goldschmidt

Pinchas Goldschmidt (born 21 July 1963, Zurich) is the Chief Rabbi of Moscow, Russia since 1993
Rabbi Goldschmidt is the spiritual leader of the Moscow Choral Synagogue, the head of the rabbinical court of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), president of the Conference of European Rabbis and is an officer of the Russian Jewish Congress (RJC).
Goldschmidt represents the Russian Jewish community politically as well.
Biography.
Goldschmidt is the Swiss-born chief rabbi of Moscow. He is the spiritual leader of the central synagogue of Moscow, and heads the rabbinical court of the CIS. In 1990 he created the guidelines in conjunction with the Israeli Ministry of Interior to reconfirm Jews who have hidden their Jewish identity during Soviet times.
Goldschmidt played a major role in founding and developing communal structures from colleges, day schools and kindergartens, soup kitchens and rabbinical schools, to political umbrella structures, such as the Russian Jewish Congress and the Congress of the Jewish Religious Organizations and Associations in Russia (CJROAR).
Goldschmidt represents the Russian Jewish community politically. He published op-eds in the international press pertaining to the issues of the day. He also addressed during the course of the years, the US Senate, the EU Parliament, The Council of Europe, The Israeli Knesset, Prime Minister Netanyahu’s – “Neeman Commission”, Oxford University, Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe Berlin Conference on anti-Semitism, and Harvard University, discussing the state of the Jewish Community, and the threats of anti-Semitism.
Goldschmidt was deported from Russia during September 2005, and was allowed to return to his community after three months, only after an international campaign. In 2010 by special order of Russia's president Dmitry Medvedev he was accepted into a citizenship of Russia. He takes an active part in interfaith dialogue gatherings with Christians and Muslims in New York, Paris, Astana, Seville, Vienna and Moscow.
He also leads the Conference of European Rabbis, the rabbinical umbrella group of Europe (uniting four hundred rabbis from Dublin to Khabarovsk) as the chairman of the Standing Committee.
Goldschmidt besides his rabbinical ordination possesses an M.A. from Ner Israel Rabbinical College, as well as a M.S. from Johns Hopkins University.
He also studied at Ponevezh Yeshiva, (1979–1981), Telshe Yeshiva, Chicago, Il (1981–1982), Shevet Umechokek Institute for Rabbinical Judges headed by Rabbi Zalman Nechemia Goldberg, (1985–1986) and Harry Fischel Institute for Rabbinical Judges, Jerusalem, Israel (1986–1987). He authored articles on issues of Jewish law regarding post-Soviet Jewry and has published a collection of responsas with a compilation of Russian Jewish names "Zikaron Basefer", (Moscow 1996).
Rabbi Goldschmidt has been awarded Certification as candidate for the Position of Chief Rabbi in Israel or in one of the cities in Israel by the Council of the Chief Rabbinate of Israel in the year 2002. Rabbi Goldschmidt is married and has seven children.
In the spring of 2009, Goldschmidt was Visiting Scholar at the Davis Center in Harvard.
Since July 2011, Goldschmidt is the new president of the Conference of European Rabbis. He was elected by the CER’s Standing Committee meeting in London and succeeds the former Chief Rabbi of France (1987–2009), Joseph Sitruk, who had held the post since 1999. Only the fourth president of the CER in its 54-year history, Rabbi Goldschmidt is the first to hold the post from outside Western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19237831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237831" title="Daniela Ryf">
Daniela Ryf

Daniela Ryf (born May 29, 1987) is a Swiss triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008, she finished seventh in the Olympic triathlon event. In 2010, Ryf placed third in the inaugural 2010 ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19237894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237894" title="St. Theresa's Convent Sr. Sec. School">
St. Theresa's Convent Sr. Sec. School

St. Theresa's Convent Sr. Sec. School (informally termed, STCS) is a Catholic private school, teaching students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Karnal in Haryana, India. STCS is one of the couple of high schools in Karnal with excellent standards of education provided by a Christian convent-run organization, The Sisters of the Little Flower of Bethany based in Mangalore. The school was started in 1961 and has been constantly renovated to the modern building that exists today.
As of the 2007-08 school year, the school had an enrollment of over 3500 students and employs 100 classroom teachers.
Owner.
Nana Pathekar
Bethany Educational Society.
Bethany Educational Society, Mangalore<br>
St. Theresa's Convent School, Karnal was established in 1961 and is administrated by Bethany Educational Society, Mangalore, a Christian Religious Minority Institution.The Bethany Educational Society is registered under the societies' education Act XXI of 1860 No.17 of 1948-49/Its head is at Bethany Convent, Manglore . All the members of Bethany Educational Society are catholic nuns belonging to the Congregation of the Sisters of the Little Flower of Bethany. The Society runs formal and non formal educational institutes all over the country.
Founding of STCS.
Raymond Francis Camillus Mascarenhas, the founder of the Congregation of the sisters of the Little Flowers of the Bethany, under whose patronage this school was established, promoted the education of the poor and marginalized, especially for rural girls. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi.(Affiliation No. 530006/86)
St. Therese.
St. Therese, also known as 'St. Therese of the child Jesus' was born on 2 January 1873 at Alençon, in Normandy, a small town in northern France . At the age of 15, she entered the convent to be a religious sister.
She died on 30 September 1897 having spent the last nine and half years of her life in a cloister convent at Lisieux in France.
Aims and objectives.
The school aims to nurture students in such a dedicated manner so as to make them excellent in whatever they do in their lives. The school aims at promoting quality education in order to provide students with a vision in life. The aims of the school are clearly visible in what the alumni of the school are currently doing. Every pass out from this premier institution is excelling in his or her particular field.
Vision.
The school claims to work for education of the poor and marginalized, especially for rural girls. It claims to not accept Donations in connection with admissions.
The Management Council.
Sr. Jyoti BS - President 
All the activities that take place thorough out the year are basically students oriented and are directed towards the all around development of students.
1. Class wise and House wise activities are conducted to ensure maximum participation of students. <br>
2. Club activities, Hobby classes, Interaction with general public, Thursday & Friday activities & Tuesday assemblies collectively aim at the multi ferrous growth of the students. <br>
3. Talks by some eminent people in various fields helps the students to give information in respective fields. <br>
4. Creative instincts of the students are nurtured by giving them a chance to decorate class and house bulletin boards periodically. <br>
5. Sports, March Past & P.T. exercal fitness and Mental alertness. <br>
6. Regular carrier guidance to the students X, XI and XII . <br>
7. Meditation, Retreats and regular prayer sessions helps children to develop peace within and control anger. <br>
8. A high-tech English Lab, Computer Lab, Maths Lab and a fully equipped library, Science Laboratories are upgraded from time to time. <br>
9. A skating rink, Lawn tennis court, Basket Ball, Table tennis, Cricket Ground and badminton court. All are available to the students to play the sports of their choice. <br>
10. Little children of Junior school feel a sense of electron & joy watching colourful pictures, catchy captions, hand made paintings adoring the walls of KG section.
Staff Development Programs.
1. Orientation and Seminars are regularly conducted for the staff to face the new challenges in the field of education. <br>
2. Stress Management, Retreats and Prayer sessions are arranged regularly to provide relaxation. <br>
3. Seminars on Total Quality management for education excellence, and for effective teaching in various subjects are conducted regularly.
The Student Council.
The student cabinet is responsible for certain activities like helping teachers and other staff, before assembly monitoring of the classes and so on. Earlier the cabinet was actually a representation of the students with voting happening for the selection, however now it pretty much depends on the teachers and the principal as to who gets selected . The Members of the cabinet for the year 2012-2013 are :-
Student organizations.
The students grade 3 and above are divided into houses:<br>
1. Shanti <br> 
2. Shradha<br>
3. Shakti<br> 
4. Satya<br>
Every student is assigned a house on reaching the 3rd grade and although the sense of belonging continues, but the houses are not observed after the 10th grade. The entire year's activity calendar is made in the beginning of the session and though deviations may occur but the schedule remains pretty much intact. Various competition are organized by the school faculty and the competition is between the houses but can also be among the classes. In addition, every few weeks the bulletin board competition is held where each house and class decorates its bulletin board on the topic chosen and then the winners are announced much to the delight of everyone. Finally at the end of the year each house's marks are summed based on the year long performance and the annual winner is announced.
Alumni.
Organisation and Institutions.
Challenges Faced.
The main problem being faced by the school from the past so many years is the falling standards.
Being the premier high school in the district, the school faces many hurdles including downright outrageous rumors to even jealousy motivated plotting by rival institutions. The admission process is very strict and the places limited despite the best efforts of the administration; which means that not everyone who wants their child to be a Theresean, gets their wish fulfilled.
"Local Brain Drain" due to stricter norms.
As is common in India, students in the last two years of school, tend to focus more on the post-school competitive exams that they must take in order to get into renowned higher education institutions, this however, means that they are likely to overlook the school curriculum and board exam preparations. The school has a very strict attendance policy and very slight exceptions are made only for bright students who are considered by the teaching staff as capable of juggling the two. Rival schools tend to jump at this opportunity to lure the polished minds and offer them incentives like false attendance in order to allow them to pursue comptitive exam preparations alone. This greatly reflects in the difference between the school and its rivals in the matter of exam selections. Despite this sad fact, the school maintains integrity and does not stoop to the level of just giving in and allowing undue laxity. True Thereseans (Elaboration required), however, stay and enjoy the last two years of high school .

</doc>
<doc id="19237895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237895" title="Ding Shisun">
Ding Shisun

Ding Shisun (Chinese: 丁石孙; September 5, 1927 - ) is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and the former chairman of China Democratic League. 
Born in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, Ding graduated from the Department of Mathematics of Tsinghua University. From 1984 to 1989, Ding served as the president of Peking University. In November 1996, Ding succeeded Fei Xiaotong to became the chairman of China Democratic League. In December 2005, Ding retired from this post and became the honorary chairman of CDL.

</doc>
<doc id="19237909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237909" title="Ricarda Lisk">
Ricarda Lisk

Ricarda Lisk (born 1 February 1981 in Schorndorf, Baden-Württemberg), is a German professional triathlete, National Elite Champion of the year 2010, and a permanent member of the German "Kader," i.e. the National Team.
National Junior Champion of the year 1999 and National U23 Champion of the year 2004, Lisk placed 15th at the Olympic Games in Beijing (2008), just a few seconds behind the 2004 gold medalist Kate Allen, thus proving to be the best female triathlete in the German team.
Biography.
In Germany, Ricarda Lisk has represented the club "VfL Waiblingen" since 1992.
She is part of the "Olympic Project 2012" at the high performance centre in Saarbrücken.
Up to 2005, Ricarda Lisk was also part of the military elite team "(Bundeswehr-Sportfördergruppe)" based in Saarbrücken and as a sergeant, "Stabsunteroffizier," she won silver (women individual senior ranking) at two "World Military Triathlon Championships" (Belfort: 4–8 June 2004, Ventura: 22–26 June 2005).
Ricarda Lisk holds a degree in sports management (2004). At present she studies business administration at the "Fernuniversität Hagen."
Lisk lives in Waiblingen, Saarbrücken, Pontevedra and, in winter, in Stellenbosch.
The Spanish triathlete Javier Gomez and Ricarda Lisk are a couple and, representing the Galician club "Cidade de Lugo Fluvial," both attend triathlons in Spain as well. E.g. they won the "Triatlón de Aguilas" on 30 May 2010.
French Club Championship Series.
Since 2006 Ricarda Lisk has represented "Tri Club Châteauroux 36" in the prestigious French Club Championship Series Grand Prix de Triathlon. This club relies exclusively on its foreign guest stars.
In 2010, Lisk placed 14th, 5th and 6th at Dunkirk (23 May 2010), Beauvais (13 June 2010) and Tourangeaux (29 August 2010). Thus she was always among the three "triathlètes classants l'équipe."
ITU Competitions.
In the twelve years from 1999 to 2010, Ricarda Lisk took part in 67 ITU competitions and achieved 24 top ten positions, among which four gold medals.
The following list is based upon the official ITU rankings and the "Athlete's Profile Page."
BG = the sponsor "British Gas" · DNF = "did not finish" · DNS = "did not start"

</doc>
<doc id="19237916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237916" title="Géo Voumard">
Géo Voumard

Géo Voumard (2 December 1920 – 3 September 2008) was a Swiss jazz pianist and composer. He was a co-founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival and composer of the song ""Refrain"" which won the first Eurovision Song Contest.
Life and career.
Voumard was born in Biel/Bienne. He originally studied architecture in college before starting his musical career.
Music career.
Voumard joined the Hazy Osterwald Orchestra in 1944. Four years later, in 1948, he created his own group. Voumard began broadcasting out of Radio Lausanne, which is now known as Radio Suisse Romande, in 1952. He originally joined Radio Lausanne as an accompanist, pianist, composer and musical producer. In 1966, Voumard became the station's director of pop music. He later served as Radio Lausanne's director of light entertainment from 1969 until 1983.
Voumard founded the Montreux Jazz Festival with René Langel and Claude Nobs in 1967. He co-wrote and won the very first Eurovision Song Contest song, "Refrain" in 1956. "Refrain" was co-written by Émile Gardaz.
Voumard moved to the Provence region of France following his departure from radio broadcasting in the 1980s. He worked as an architect in France before returning to his native Switzerland for the remainder of his life.
Géo Voumard died at the age of 87. News of his death was first announced by , A Swiss news agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19237926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237926" title="Enrique Jara Saguier">
Enrique Jara Saguier

Enrique Augusto Jara Saguier (born 12 July 1934 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football player. Enrique is one of the seven Jara Saguier brothers that played professional football in Paraguay.
Career.
Enrique Jara Saguier spent most of his career playing for Cerro Porteño, team in which he made his debut in 1950. At the national team level, Enrique was part of the Paraguay squad that competed in the qualifiers for the 1958 FIFA World Cup, in which Paraguay competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19237981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237981" title="Arnold Williams (Liberal MP)">
Arnold Williams (Liberal MP)

Arnold Williams (30 September 1890 - 1 January 1958) was a British businessman and Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Arnold Williams was the son of S W Williams, a Manchester chartered accountant. He was educated privately and at Victoria University of Manchester. In 1915 he married Bessie Clarke Morland. They had one son and a daughter. In the 1920s Williams lived at Thorpe House in the village of Triangle, an area of Calderdale on the main turnpike road between Sowerby Bridge and Ripponden in the Ryburn valley.
Career.
In business Williams was the managing director of National Screen Service Ltd. a firm connected with the film distribution industry.
Politics.
Williams contested the West Riding seat of Sowerby in the 1922 general election. This was a four-cornered contest with Conservative, Labour and Lloyd George National Liberal candidates in addition to Williams for the Liberals. He fought the constituency again at the 1923 general election when he was successful, gaining the seat from the sitting Conservative MP. He held the seat until 1924 and did not stand for Parliament again after that.

</doc>
<doc id="19237987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237987" title="Tennis at the 1959 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1959 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1959 Summer Universiade in Turin, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19237995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19237995" title="Leesburg Heritage Museum">
Leesburg Heritage Museum

The Leesburg Heritage Museum is located at 111 South Sixth Street, Leesburg, Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of Leesburg. The building itself, constructed in 1922 by the Leesburg Woman's Club, was previously home to various businesses and organizations, including the Leesburg Chamber of Commerce and the Leesburg Library. The Leesburg Heritage Society official website, for the museum, &, the Historic Mote Morris House is located at: http://www.leesburgheritagesociety.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19238048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238048" title="Tennis at the 1961 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1961 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1961 Summer Universiade in Sofia, Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19238091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238091" title="Stephen Martines">
Stephen Martines

Stephen Scott Martines (born July 23, 1975), is an American actor and former model. Martines is sometimes credited as Coltin Scott.
Early life.
Stephen was born in St. Louis, Missouri to Marlene Lombardo and Stephen Martines. He is also nephew to Guy Lombardo. Martines has two siblings, a sister Melissa (age 30) and a half-sister Amanda (age 19). Coming from a divorced home, he lived with his mother until the age of 15 and then went to live with his father, with whom he was very close. Stephen was a revered soccer player at an early age, having been scouted at the age of 14 by many colleges and professional teams, both nationwide and international. He attended CBC High School (Christian Brothers College) in Clayton, Missouri, graduating in 1993.
After turning down many scholarship offers to play soccer at some of the top schools in the country, Stephen chose to attend then-named SMS (Southwest Missouri State University) which is now known as Missouri State University. Tragedy struck in October 1994, when his father passed suddenly due to a massive heart attack. He left school, quit playing soccer and went back home. After burying his father, with the intent of finishing school, he enrolled at Webster University, in Webster Groves, Missouri, after a scout called him and asked him to come play soccer there. That year, the school won the National Championship, a first in the school's history.
Early career.
Martines began modeling in St. Louis and was repped by Talent Plus in Clayton, MO. He appeared in many ads ranging from Sears, Famous Barr, Dillard's and Calvin Klein. In 1998, before leaving for Hollywood, he was scouted inside the mall at Structure. He was asked to join a modeling competition in search for the franchise's Underwear Spokesmodel. He bought a last minute ticket and headed to New York. The judges were Heidi Klum and Tyra Banks and Martines won, beating out over 650 other contestants, ensuring him a spot in the semi-finals in Columbus, OH later that month.
Later that year, Martines not only placed in the top ten of the Structure Underwear Competition, but he also would eventually appear on talk shows such as The View, The Ru Paul Show, Good Morning America and Good Day LA to name a few. 
In 1998, he was discharged from the United States Air Force after incurring a career-ending injury to his right knee during a game. After a year of rehabilitation, he found himself on the road to Hollywood to begin his career. In the early 2000s, Martines also recorded a few songs produced by Pink drummer Mark Schulman and was vocal coached by German born Nashville songwriter Sylkie Monoff.
Career.
He has appeared in many television shows, including General Hospital, Guiding Light, Monarch Cove, The Closer and The Vampire Diaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19238099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238099" title="2008–09 Sepahan F.C. season">
2008–09 Sepahan F.C. season

This is a list of Sepahan F.C.'s results at the Persian Gulf Cup 2008-09, Hazfi Cup 2008-09 and 2009 ACL. The club is competing in the Iran Pro League, Hazfi Cup and Asian Champions League.
Iran Pro League 2008/09.
Sepahan squad IPL statistics.
"Last updated sep 14 2008"
IPL Sepahan Schedule.
"Last updated Apr 26 2009"
Hazfi Cup 2008-09.
Scorers in Hazfi Cup 2008/09.
"Last updated Nov 24 2008"
Scorers in 2008-09 season.
"Last updated Apr 16 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="19238107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238107" title="Ai Ueda">
Ai Ueda

Ai Ueda (, born 26 October 1983 in Kyoto) is a Japanese triathlete. She is the winner of the 2005 and 2008 Asian Triathlon Championship and the winner of the 2013 ITU Duathlon World Championships. She has represented Japan in triathlon in both the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Ai Ueda moved to Chiba after finishing high school to dedicate herself completely to triathlon. In the same year she won the Junior Asian Championships and in 2003 she became an Elite triathlete.
In the 2008 Summer Olympics, Ai Ueda took 17th in women's triathlon. In the 2012 Summer Olympics she placed 39th.
ITU competitions.
In the nine years from 2002 to 2010, Ueda took part in 88 ITU competitions and achieved 29 top ten positions, among which 12 gold medals.
In the World Championship Rankings 2010 Ai Ueda is number 31 of the world's best female elite triathletes. Unless indicated otherwise, all competitions are triathlons (Olympic distance) and belong to the "Elite" category. 
DNF = Did not finish

</doc>
<doc id="19238108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238108" title="Tennis at the 1963 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1963 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1963 Summer Universiade in Porto Alegre, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19238110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238110" title="Sorin Frunzăverde">
Sorin Frunzăverde

Sorin Frunzăverde (born 26 April 1960) is a Romanian politician, president of the Caras-Severin County Council, former Member of the European Parliament.
Sorin Frunzăverde is a Romanian political figure, a former leader of the Democratic Liberal Party, founder of Caraș-Severin party branch from the very beginning of the Democratic Party's creation in 1993. His work in the international relations department of the party became acknowledged when, in 2005, the party became a full member of the EPP family. On 27 March 2012 he announced his resignation from PDL and enter the Opposition branches of the National Liberal Party and the larger alliance Social Liberal Union of which PNL is part.
He has twice served as Minister of National Defense. The first appointment, from 13 March 2000 to 28 December 2000, came when President Emil Constantinescu chose him to replace defence minister Victor Babiuc, who had left the Democratic Party but refused to leave the ministerial post. He was returned to the post from 25 October 2006 to 5 April 2007, after defence minister Teodor Atanasiu resigned following a long running dispute with President Traian Băsescu.
He is a former Member of the European Parliament, where he was the Head of the Romanian delegation to the EPP, vice-chairman of the Subcommittee on Security and Defence, member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Within the European Parliament, he was involved in the EU-Western Balkans dialogue, acting as a member in the Delegation for relations with the countries of south-east Europe and the Delegation to the EU-Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Joint Parliamentary Committee.
After having graduated from the Metallurgy Department of the Polytechnic Institute in Bucharest, he pursued economic and military studies, receiving a PhD title in both disciplines and a „magna cum laude” distinction from the Romanian Defence University. He has published a series of articles and books on security and European integration topics. 
Frunzăverde is fluent in English, Italian and German. He is married and has one child.

</doc>
<doc id="19238111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238111" title="Goronwy Owen">
Goronwy Owen

Goronwy Owen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238121" title="Berson">
Berson

Berson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19238134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238134" title="Bernard D. Rubin">
Bernard D. Rubin

Bernard D. Rubin (c. 1893 – July 6, 1948) was president and chief executive officer of Sweets Company of America, makers of the famous Tootsie Rolls, from 1936 to his death in July 1948.
Rubin was born in Manhattan's Lower East Side in 1893, the second of seven children. He attended public school in Brooklyn but left before completing high school to join his father's paper-box manufacturing business. In 1917-19 he served in the American Expeditionary Force in France.
Until 1935 he worked alongside his younger brother, William, in their father's business. When the Rubins learned that Sweets Co., one of their major customers, was in serious difficulty, they became interested in acquiring control of the company. The company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, but Bernard Rubin acquired a list of shareholders and approached them in person in order to purchase their shares. The Rubins eventually achieved control and agreed that Bernard would run the company as president.
He changed the formula for Tootsie Rolls and increased its size. He moved the manufacturing plant from West 45th Street in Manhattan to Hoboken, New Jersey in 1938.
He guided the company successfully through the war years, despite increasing difficulties in accessing the necessary raw materials. Not only did the company survive this critical period, but at his death its volume had increased from about $1,000,000 in 1935 to more than $12,000,000 in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19238151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238151" title="Paul Maltby">
Paul Maltby

Air Vice-Marshal Sir Paul Copeland Maltby, KCVO, KBE, CB, DSO, AFC, DL (5 August 1892 - 2 July 1971) was a senior Royal Air Force officer who later served as the Black Rod in the House of Lords.
Military career.
In 1942 he was assistant Air Officer Commanding Far East Command and Air Officer Commanding RAF in Java. He ordered the formation of 225th RAF (Bomber) Group on 1 January 1942. Maltby arrived in West Java on 14 February 1942 and set up his headquarters at Soekaboemi. 
The allies suffered heavy losses of planes to the Japanese. 
On 22 February 1942 the ABDA Command was dissolved. Churchill generally agreed with Wavell that Java should be fought for, but insisted that the main reinforcements should be sent to Burma and India and not to Java. The overall command was handed over to the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army. Churchill signaled Maltby the very next day: "I send you and all ranks of the British forces who have stayed behind in Java my best wishes for success and honour in the great fight that confronts you. Every day gained is precious, and I know that you will do everything humanly possible to prolong the battle". Maltby's main tasks were to continue the fight to defend Java as long as equipment could be maintained and do everything possible to evacuate surplus units and personnel to Ceylon or Australia. 
The Japanese invasion force landed on Java at the end of February and the start of March. The allied forces were quikley beaten. On 12 March 1942 the senior British, Australian and American commanders were summoned to Bandoeng where the formal instrument of surrender was signed in the presence of the Japanese commander in the Bandoeng area, Lieutenant General Masao Maruyama, who promised them the rights of the Geneva Convention for the protection of prisoners of war. 
From 1942 to 1945 he was a Japanese prisoner of war.

</doc>
<doc id="19238165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238165" title="Tennis at the 1965 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1965 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1965 Summer Universiade in Budapest, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="19238193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238193" title="Clear FM">
Clear FM

Clear FM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238209" title="Tennis at the 1967 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1967 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1967 Summer Universiade in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19238216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238216" title="Guam High School (Guam)">
Guam High School (Guam)

Guam High School is a U.S. military operated secondary school located at 401 Stitt Street in Agana Heights in the United States territory Guam.
The school, a part of the Department of Defense Education Activity, serves over 500 students grades 9 through 12. The school serves children of military personnel stationed in Guam. Staff includes 46 teachers and 2 administrators. The principal is Philip Keim.
In September 1997 the DoDEA opened its own schools for children of military personnel.
School uniforms.
Like other Department of Defense Education Activity schools on Guam, Guam High School requires school uniforms. Uniforms consist of golf shirts and oxford shirts, navy blue and white, and khaki trousers, skirts, and shorts. DODEA Pacific officials began implementing uniforms at the schools in the northern hemisphere fall of 2007; students received a period to adjust, then uniforms became mandatory in January 2008.
Athletics.
Athletic activities at the school include:
Baseball
Other organizations.
Other organizations include:

</doc>
<doc id="19238231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238231" title="USS Tensaw (YTM-418)">
USS Tensaw (YTM-418)

USS "Tensaw" (YT-418/YTB-418/YTM-418) was a "Sassaba"-class district harbor tug that served the U.S. Navy at the end of World War II. She remained in the Pacific Ocean to support the U.S. Pacific Fleet during the Korean War, and continued to serve until she was struck in 1967.
Built by the Coast Guard in Maryland.
"Tensaw" (YTB-418) ex-YT-418, was laid down on 8 August 1944 at the U.S. Coast Guard Yard, Curtis Bay, Maryland; launched on 11 October 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Albert G. Mariner, Jr.; and placed in service on 8 March 1945.
World War II-related service.
Late that month, the new large harbor tug reported to the Commandant of the 5th Naval District at Norfolk, Virginia. In April, she proceeded via the Panama Canal to the Pacific Ocean and arrived at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on 14 May to begin duties in support of the U.S. Pacific Fleet.
In June 1945, she steamed, via the Marshall Islands, to the Mariana Islands where she operated through the end of World War II. After Japan capitulated, the tug continued to serve in the Marianas until the Korean War sent her, via the Philippine Islands, to Japan.
Korean War support.
Arriving at Yokosuka, Japan, on 7 February 1951, she supported United Nations Command forces through the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement in the summer of 1953. After the Korean War she continued in the western Pacific through the 1950s and into the 1960s.
Final disposition.
Redesignated a medium harbor tug (YTM) on 1 February 1962, she remained with the Pacific Fleet until July 1967 when she was inactivated, and her name was struck from the Navy List. The tug was initially slated for disposal by sale but was instead sunk as a target during fleet training exercises, 1 February 1987.
Honors and awards.
Data not available.

</doc>
<doc id="19238241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238241" title="Imagine Showbiz">
Imagine Showbiz

Imagine Showbiz a Turner General Entertainment Networks India Pvt. Ltd endeavour, showcases the best of Bollywood music for a country where music is synonymous with Bollywood Music. Imagine Showbiz is a 24-hour Bollywood music channel catering to the varied tastes of the Indian youth. With its vast library of songs from every genre-soothing & melodious love songs to peppy, foot-tapping dance numbers, Imagine Showbiz is the channel to turn to if you want your daily dose of Superhit Bollywood Music.
The channel went on air on August 15, 2008 as NDTV Imagine Showbiz. Imagine Showbiz Ltd. was a JV company between NDTV Group and Cinestar Advertising Private Ltd.
On 8 December 2009, it was announced that Turner Asia Pacific Ventures (a wholly owned subsidiary Turner Broadcasting System) had acquired a 92 per cent stake in NDTV Imagine Ltd. NDTV’s 76 per cent stake in NDTV Imagine would be given to Turner for $67 million, the Time Warner company would acquire fresh equity worth $50 million to get 92 per cent control. NDTV Imagine Ltd. runs NDTV Imagine, NDTV Lumiere and NDTV Imagine Showbiz television channels and film production and distribution company, NDTV Imagine Film Co. The purchase received approval from the Time Warner board on 17 December 2009. At the end of the $126.5 million deal, Turner held 92% in NDTV Imagine Ltd. while 3.2% was retained by NDTV Networks and the remaining 4.8% was held by its chief executive officer Sameer Nair and other Imagine employees.
NDTV announced on 24 February 2010 that it had received all the regulatory approvals and the transaction had been concluded on 23 February by transfer of shares, amounting to 85.68 per cent of NDTV Imagine Ltd, by NDTV Networks Plc to Turner Asia Pacific Ventures. The three channels will be under Turner General Entertainment Networks, a holding company that will infuse fresh capital to fund the network's growth. The 'NDTV' brand was dropped out and the channels were relabelled Imagine TV, Lumiere Movies and Imagine Showbiz.
In January 2011, Reliance Broadcast Network Ltd (RBNL), part of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, confirmed a proposed acquisition of Imagine Showbiz from Cinestar, who had bought the entire 51 per cent stake held by its JV partner Turner International. The acquisition by RBNL will included a 100% purchase of Imagine Showbiz's shareholding, along with other assets including intellectual property rights, music library, Bollywood content, technical expertise, including studios and equipment and the existing distribution network. Imagine Showbiz will be renamed and repositioned as a full-on music channel.
Shows.
Fresh Gaana: Featuring the latest songs in Bollywood.
Back 2 Back: 2 songs of the same actor back to back.
Nach Le Ve: Peppy, foot-tapping songs package.
Suron Ki Takkar: Songs of 3 music directors/ singers back to back.
Love 3.0: 3 mushy, romantic songs back to back.
Baba's Cross Connection
Launch lineup.
When Imagine Showbiz started, it had a whole gamut of interesting programs in the lineup. With different vignettes, weekly shows, half hour shows and promotional stuff, Imagine Showbiz was set to become one of the biggest players in the Bollywood entertainment section.

</doc>
<doc id="19238250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238250" title="Tennis at the 1970 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1970 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1970 Summer Universiade in Turin, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19238252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238252" title="Ibanez DMM1">
Ibanez DMM1

The Ibanez DMM1 was an electric guitar model manufactured by Ibanez. 
The guitar was designed in a partnership with System of a Down's guitarist, Daron Malakian. 
The DMM1 signature model was based on the Ibanez Iceman ICX models, used by Malakian in the past. All DMM1 guitars have graphics done by Daron's father, Vartan Malakian, who also designed the cover art for System of a Down's double album Mezmerize/Hypnotize. This guitar was a limited run model, with only 300 issues made available worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19238265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238265" title="Bonnevaux Abbey (Dauphiné)">
Bonnevaux Abbey (Dauphiné)

Bonnevaux Abbey (; ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Lieudieu near Villeneuve-de-Marc in the Isère department of France, in the region of the Dauphiné, 25 kilometres east of Vienne and about 6 kilometres south-east of Saint-Jean-de-Bournay on the northern edge of the "Forêt de Bonnevaux".
History.
Bonnevaux Abbey was founded in 1117 by Guy of Burgundy, also known as Guy of Vienne, Archbishop of Vienne, and later Pope Callixtus II, as the sixth daughter house of Cîteaux Abbey.
The abbey attained wealth through various privileges and endowments, including a number from the Dauphin, and possessed fifteen granges in Villeneuve-de-Marc, Saint-Georges-d'Espéranche, Beaurepaire, Primarette, Sainte-Anne-sur-Gervonde and Diémoz. It founded numerous daughter houses, all in France: Mazan Abbey, Montpeyroux Abbey, Tamié Abbey, Léoncel Abbey, Valmagne Abbey, Sauveréal Abbey, Valbenoîte Abbey and Valcroissant Abbey. The nunneries of Laval-Bénite Abbey and Bonnecombe Abbey were also under the jurisdiction of Bonnevaux. 
In the Wars of Religion of the 16th century the abbey suffered severely. In 1576 it was looted by the Huguenots and the church was laid waste. In the French Revolution it was dissolved, looted again, set on fire and finally used as a quarry.
Buildings and appurtenances.
A painting of about 1750 shows the precinct layout, with the church and its prominent western tower to the north, and the conventual buildings to the south of it. On the site of the monastery a memorial, consisting of a cross with an inscribed tablet, was set up in 1933 by Tamié Abbey.
In 1938 the foundation stones were used for the construction of the church at Villeneuve-de-Marc. Today there are no visible remains of the abbey itself; an outlying grange with three aisles survives.

</doc>
<doc id="19238269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238269" title="Tania Haiböck">
Tania Haiböck

Tania Haiböck (born March 3, 1978) is an Austrian triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she finished 27th in the Olympic triathlon event.

</doc>
<doc id="19238275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238275" title="Edwin Dunkin">
Edwin Dunkin

Edwin Dunkin FRS, (19 August 1821 - 26 November 1898), astronomer, president of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Royal Institution of Cornwall
Birth and family.
He was born 19 August 1821, the son of William Dunkin (1781 – 3 July 1838) and Mary Elizabeth (1797 – 1873), the daughter of David Wise, a Redruth surgeon. He was the third son of a family of four brothers and a sister.
His father worked as a computer for The Nautical Almanac in Truro, Cornwall. In 1832, the family moved to London, where his father worked for the London office of The Nautical Almanac.
Education.
He and his younger brother, Richard (1823 – 1895) were educated at Wellington House Academy, Hampstead, and at M. Liborel's school in Guînes in the Pas de Calais.
Career.
In 1838 his father died and his mother remarried. He returned to London to seek work, and, on the recommendation of Davies Gilbert and Lieutenant Stratford was employed at the Royal Greenwich Observatory as a computer. George Airy, the astronomer royal was soon impressed by him, and in 1840 Dunkin was promoted to a post in the new magnetic and meteorological department, becoming a permanent member of the observatory's staff in 1845.
Personal life.
He married in 1838 Maria Hadlow of Peckham, a stockbroker's daughter. He always maintained his Cornish connexions, naming his villa in Blackheath "Kenwyn", after the village near Truro. Dunkin died at Brook Hospital in Kidbrook on 26 November 1898 after a short illness. He was survived by one son, Edwin Hadlow Wise Dunkin.
Scientific work.
Dunkin's meticulous accuracy and dependability led to him being given charge of a number of investigations, including the adjustment and error quantification of instruments such as Greenwich's new lunar azimuth and transit circle, and the expedition to Norway in 1851 to observe the total eclipse.
Airy also used Dunkin as a reliable "man on the spot" in various non-Greenwich activities, including pendulum experiments at Harton colliery, and the determinations of longitudes of the Brussels and Paris observatories. In 1881, on Airy's retirement, Dunkin was promoted to chief assistant, or Deputy Astronomer Royal, holding that post until he retired in 1884.
Dunkin was a highly sociable man. In 1845 he was elected to the Royal Astronomical Society, and in 1884 was elected its president. He was delighted to be elected to the RAS Dining Club in 1868, becoming its president in 1880. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1876 and later served on the Council of the Royal Society. He was President of the Royal Institution of Cornwall in 1890 & 1891.
A prolific writer and popular communicator of astronomy, he wrote many articles for the "Leisure Hour" and other periodicals, in addition to his scientific papers. His most famous work was "The Midnight Sky", with detailed charts of the London sky, all of which he had computed himself.
Publications.
Publications of Edwin Dunkin, listed in "Bib Corn" <>

</doc>
<doc id="19238278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238278" title="The Stoning of Soraya M.">
The Stoning of Soraya M.

The Stoning of Soraya M. () is a 2008 American Persian language drama film adapted from French journalist Freidoune Sahebjam's 1990 book "La Femme Lapidée", based on a true story.
The film is directed by Cyrus Nowrasteh and stars Academy Award nominee Shohreh Aghdashloo, James Caviezel (as Freidoune Sahebjam, the foreign journalist) and Mozhan Marnò (as Soraya Manutchehri, the title character). "Stoning" had its world premiere at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, where it won the Director's Choice Award. It was also the second runner-up for the Cadillac People's Choice Award. The book has been banned in Iran.
The film was financed by Blackwater founder Erik Prince.
Plot.
Stranded in the remote Iranian village of Kuhpayeh by car trouble, a journalist is approached by Zahra, a woman with a harrowing tale to tell about her niece, Soraya, and the bloody circumstances of Soraya's death, by stoning, the previous day. The two sit down as Zahra recounts the story to Freidoune, who records the conversation with his tape recorder. The journalist must escape with his life to tell the story to the rest of the world.
Ali is Soraya's abusive husband who tries to get the village's mullah to convince Soraya to grant him a divorce so that he can marry a 14-year-old girl.
Ali's marriage to the teenager is conditional on Ali's ability to save the girl's father, who has been sentenced to death for an unspecified crime. The mullah proposes that Soraya becomes his temporary wife in exchange for protection and monetary support for Soraya and her two daughters. Soraya refuses. Soraya has two sons whom Ali wants, and who have both turned against her. Some days following the incident, a woman dies. The mullah, the village's mayor, and Ali ask Zahra to persuade Soraya to care for the widower. Zahra suggests that Soraya may do the job if she is paid.
Soraya starts working for the widower, and Ali plans to use the unusual circumstance to spread lies that Soraya is being unfaithful to him so that she will be stoned and he can remarry. Ali also knows if Soraya were dead, he would not have to pay child support. Ali and the mullah start a rumor about Soraya's infidelity so they can charge her with adultery. One day while Zahra is walking in town, she realizes that a rumor has spread that her niece is being unfaithful to her husband.
Ali and the mullah need one more "witness" to Soraya's "infidelity" to be able to formally charge her. They visit the widower at home and, using threats, manipulate the widower into agreeing to back up their story. Soon after, Ali drags Soraya through the streets, beating her and publicly declaring that she has been unfaithful. Zahra intervenes and takes her niece, Ali, the Mullah, and the Mayor of the village to her house to talk privately. They bring the widower to the house and after he lies and says that they had engaged in adultery, a trial is pursued. Only men are allowed while Soraya is confined with some women in her house. She is quickly convicted. Zahra tries to flee with her and after realizing she cannot, goes to plead with the mayor for Soraya's life, even offering to switch places with Soraya. The conviction is upheld though, and as they are preparing for the stoning, the Mayor prays to Allah for a sign if they are not doing the right thing.
Before the actual stoning can begin, a traveling carnival van comes through and tries to perform their act. They are shooed away, where they wait by the sidelines as the stoning begins. Soraya's father disowns her as he is given the first stone to throw but he misses her repeatedly. A woman in the crowd pleads to the mayor that the stones missing are a sign Soraya is innocent, but none of the men listen. Ali takes up stones and throws them himself. Her two sons are also forced to throw stones. The widower is given two stones to throw but instead walks away in tears. The crowd finally joins in and Soraya is stoned to death.
Zahra is heard narrating the story to the journalist about her niece. Around this time, the mullah and the widower are informed by Ali that his marriage to the teenage girl is off, implying that he could not spare her father from execution. The widower then admits that he was coerced by Ali and the mullah into lying. As the journalist attempts to leave with his belongings and collect his vehicle after it has been repaired by the widower, the mullah orders a Revolutionary Guard to stop him at gunpoint. They seize his tape recorder and destroy all of the tapes. But as the journalist prepares to drive away, Zahra appears out of an alley with the true tape in her hand. Zahra screams that the God that she loves is great and now the whole world will know of the injustice that has happened.
Book.
The international bestseller book tells the true story of one of the victims of stonings in modern Iran.
Soraya Manutchehri's husband Ghorban-Ali was an ambitious man, prone to fits of rage. He wanted a way out of his marriage in order to marry a 14-year-old girl but did not want to support two families or return Soraya's dowry. When Soraya began cooking for a local widower he found a way to achieve his goal. Abetted by venal and corrupt village authorities, who also turned her father against her, he accused his wife of adultery. She was convicted, buried up to her waist, and stoned to death.
Author.
The son of a former Iranian ambassador, French-Iranian journalist and war correspondent Freidoune Sahebjam has also reported on the crimes of the Iranian government against the Bahá'í community in Iran.
He was traveling through Iran, when he came upon Soraya's village, where he learned from her aunt about Soraya and her cruel fate.
Reception.
"The Stoning of Soraya M." received generally mixed reviews; it currently holds a 57% rating on Rotten Tomatoes with a consensus that states: ""The Stoning of Soraya M." nearly transcends its deficiencies through the sheer strength of its subject material, but ultimately drowns out its message with an inappropriately heavy-handed approach." Nonetheless, audience reaction was very positive; it has an 86% audience rating.
Box office.
The film opened at #32 at the U.S. box office in 27 theaters, grossing $115,053 in the opening weekend. As of August 30, its domestic grossing is $636,246. It grossed $1,090,260 worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19238288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238288" title="Tennis at the 1973 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1973 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1973 Summer Universiade in Moscow, Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19238314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238314" title="Sarchi Bilingual Experimental High School">
Sarchi Bilingual Experimental High School

Sarchí Bilingual Experimental High School is a bilingual (English-Spanish) high school in Sarchí, Costa Rica.
The school began in a sports center in the Rodriguez district of Sarchi with less than 30 students. It now has its own building and at least 200 students, thanks to the efforts of people around the school it now has its Facebook pages and student groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19238319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238319" title="Lev Kublanov">
Lev Kublanov

Lev Kublanov (born September 9, 1946) is a modern Russian-American graphic artist. His works are primarily in the realism style, though sometimes with elements of the magic realism. His main subjects are landscapes, still life, and portraits using pen and ink, charcoal, pencil, sepia, gouache and watercolor.
Life and work.
Lev Kublanov was born in Moscow, Russia, and spent his childhood in a historic neighborhood near the Red Square. He graduated from the Moscow Architectural Institute in 1972; he consequently worked for 20 years in various Moscow architectural design firms and became a member of the Architects’ Union of the USSR. He has been a member of the International Union of Architects since 1981. In 1985, tired of designing monotonous mass-apartment buildings and offices, Kublanov left architecture to become a graphic artist. Since then, he has participated in personal and group exhibitions in Russia, Western Europe, and USA. His works can be found in private collections all over the world, including Russia, Austria, Hungary, Germany, USA, Israel, Italy, Poland, France and Japan.
While in Moscow, Kublanov's work captured the ancient Moscow spirit, mirroring the reality of the old city: ancient courtyards, quiet streets, and the feeling of everyday life. Kublanov's architectural background gives his work a precision, clearly articulated composition, and the illusion of distance. He does not strive for generalization or for the abstract rather, he allows his emotions and observations to develop a poetic image of his subject. His landscapes are uninhabited but one senses their human creator. His work strikes a responsive chord in all people who find their world being destroyed by modern technology.
In 1998, Lev Kublanov and his family moved to Chicago. Being invited to southwest Michigan, he created a series of drawings and watercolors for Schuler’s Restaurant in Stevensville, MI.
Exhibitions.
Moscow, Russia
France
Germany
Austria
United States

</doc>
<doc id="19238324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238324" title="Andrew Masterson">
Andrew Masterson

Andrew Masterson (born 1961 in the United Kingdom) is an Australian author of crime fiction, horror and non-fiction. Masterson emigrated from the UK to Australia in 1968. He has worked as a journalist since 1984 in a number of countries, including Australia, Great Britain, Germany and U.S.A. 

</doc>
<doc id="19238338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238338" title="Eternal derby (Serbia)">
Eternal derby (Serbia)

The Eternal derby ( / Večiti derbi, , , , ), also called the Derby of Southeast Europe, is the local derby in Belgrade, Serbia, between the most fierce city rivals Red Star Belgrade and Partizan Belgrade, two of the biggest and most popular sports societies in Serbia. The rivalry is present in a number of different sports but the most intense matches are between football, basketball and handball sections of both societies. It started immediately after the creation of the two clubs in 1945 and the two clubs have been dominant in domestic football since then.
According to a 2007 survey, Red Star and Partizan are the most popular clubs in Serbia. The clubs are also the most popular ones in Montenegro and Republika Srpska, the Serb entity within Bosnia and Herzegovina. They also have many supporters in all other former Yugoslavian republics and in the Serbian diaspora.
In September 2009, British "Daily Mail" ranked the Eternal Belgrade derby 4th among the 10 greatest football rivalries of all time. The highest attendance for a Red Star - Partizan match was about 108,000 spectators at the Red Star Stadium.
History.
The derby replaced the pre-World War II rivalry between BSK Belgrade and SK Jugoslavija. SK Jugoslavija was disbanded in 1945 and most of its property was attributed to the newly formed Red Star. BSK continued existing although changed its name a number of times being known since 1957 as OFK Beograd, and has lost its strength and its place in the derby to Partizan. Although OFK Beograd was successful, both Red Star and Partizan quickly overtook it in popularity.
The origins of Red Star and Partizan are in political institutions. Red Star was formed on 4 March 1945 by "United alliance of anti-fascist Youth", part of the new civil authority in Yugoslavia. A few months later, on 4 October 1945, Partizan was founded as the sports association of the Yugoslav People's Army. The first match between these football sections was played on 5 January 1947. Red Star won 4-3 and an intense rivalry has existed ever since. Partizan got its first win in the next derby. On 27 April 1947 Partizan won 1-0.
Over time, from the purely athletic competition for the Yugoslavian Championship became a kind of power struggle between the Interior ministry and the Ministry of Defence. The two clubs were dominant in the post-1945 Yugoslav First League, with Red Star having won 19, and Partizan having won 11 Yugoslav championships. The clashes of these two against Hajduk Split and Dinamo Zagreb, the third and fourth respectively in number of national titles, were similarly intense. The four clubs were known as the "big 4". After the break-up of Yugoslavia in 1992, the Belgrade derby further intensified, the two clubs having since then won all national titles except one, with Partizan winning a further 14 and Red Star winning 6 by 2013.
Supporters.
An important aspect of the Belgrade derby are the fans. Both sides prepare intensely between the matches, make large flags and special messages that are appropriate for that particular occasion, to be usually directed towards the opposing side.
Delije.
Supporters of the various Red Star sports teams are known as Delije (Serbian Cyrillic: Делије, ). The word "Delije" is plural of "delija", a word of Turkish origin "(deli)" that entered the Serbian language during the Ottoman period, meaning brave, strong or handsome young man. The name Delije first began to be used by hardcore Red Star supporters during the late 1980s, with official inauguration taking place on 7 January 1989. Up to that point, the die-hard Red Star fans were scattered amongst 7–8 fan groups that shared the north stand at the Red Star Stadium (known colloquially as Marakana), most prominent of which were "Red Devils", "Zulu Warriors," and "Ultras". As a sign of appreciation the club direction allowed the word Delije in block letters to be written across their stadium's north stand - the gathering point of the club's most loyal and passionate fans. They are also called Cigani (English: Gypsies) by their arch rivals Grobari, fans of Partizan. Although Delije generally consider the name Cigani to be insulting, they occasionally use this name in their own songs and chants. By 2010, Delije-Sever consist of five larger groups: Ultras RSB, Ultra Boys, Belgrade Boys, Heroes, and Brigate among others.
Grobari.
Partizan's supporters, known as Grobari (Serbian Cyrillic: Гробари, ), were formed in 1970. The origin of the nickname itself is uncertain, but an accepted theory is that it was given by their biggest rivals, the Red Star fans, referring to club's mostly black colours which were similar to the uniforms of cemetery undertakers. The other theory says that the name arrives from the Partizan's stadium street name, Humska ("humka" meaning "grave mound"), in actuality named after medieval land of Hum. The first groups of organized Partizan supporters began to visit the JNA stadium in the late 1950s. Partizan's participation in the 1966 European Cup Final attracted much more fans to the stadium and it is considered to be the point when the organized fans moved to the south stand of the stadium, where they gather to this day. During the 1970s the Grobari started bringing fan equipment to the stadiums such as supporting scarves, signs, banners and flares. By the 1980s the Grobari were one of the four main fan groups in SFR Yugoslavia and began touring all Partizan's matches across the country and Europe. Because of their expressed hooliganism toward other clubs' supporters in those times, fans who represented the core of the Grobari firm were often called among themselves "Riot Squad". They were best known for their English style of supporting, which was mainly based on loud and continuous singing. By 2010, the Grobari consisted of three large groups: Grobari 1970, Grobari Beograd and Južni Front.
Stadiums.
Main articles: Red Star Stadium and Partizan Stadium
When Red Star Belgrade is the host, the derby is played at Red Star Stadium. Colloquially known as Marakana after the famous Brazilian stadium, it was opened in 1963. Its capacity is 55,000 spectators (100,000 before UEFA regulations), the highest in the country. Red Star Stadium was the host of UEFA Euro 1976 Final, 1973 European Cup Final and 1979 UEFA Cup Final. The Delije often call it ""Mara"" for short, while Grobari use the insulting name ""Rupa"" ("The Hole").
When the host is Partizan, the derby is played at Partizan Stadium, formerly known as JNA Stadium which is still its common name. It was opened in 1949. Its capacity is 32,710 spectators (55,000 before UEFA regulations). Partizan fans call it "Fudbalski Hram" (English: ""Temple of the Football""). The Delije use the insulting name "Lavor" ("The Washbowl") or ""Armijski pašnjak"" ("Army's Meadow").
Statistics.
Head to head results.
Until today 145 derby games were played in the domestic league.
Basketball rivalry.
KK Red Star Belgrade was the winner of the European Cup Winner's Cup in 1974. The club has also won 15 national championships (the last was won in 1998) and 5 national cups.
KK Partizan was the European champion in 1992. They also won 3 Radivoj Korać Cups and 6 regional NLB League competitions. KK Partizan is the holder of 20 national championship titles. They have also won 13 national basketball cups and 1 triple crown in 1992.
Pionir Hall.
The Pionir Hall is a sports arena in Belgrade located in the Belgrade's municipality of Palilula. The capacity of the arena is 7,800 seats. It is home terrain for both rivals. During derbies Grobari are on the east stand of the hall while Delije are concentrated on the west stand. Recently, because of frequent violent clashes between two groups, the clubs have stopped selling derby match tickets.

</doc>
<doc id="19238340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238340" title="Radwańska">
Radwańska

Radwańska may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238344" title="Submarine Tracks &amp; Fool's Gold">
Submarine Tracks &amp; Fool's Gold

"Submarine Tracks & Fool's Gold" is a compilation album of various artists made up of acts on Chiswick Records.
The critic and author Dave Thompson describes "Submarine Tracks & Fool's Gold" as a "driving" collection, rating it "eight out of ten". The album also receives a good review on the Allmusic website.
The album was followed up with the "Long Shots, Dead Certs And Odds On Favourites (Chiswick Chartbusters Volume Two)" compilation album in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19238354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238354" title="Mount Dora History Museum">
Mount Dora History Museum

The Mount Dora History Museum (formerly the Royellou Museum) is located at 450 Royellou Lane, Mount Dora, Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of Mount Dora. The building itself, constructed in the 1920s, was originally the firehouse and jail for the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19238357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238357" title="Jan Schaffrath">
Jan Schaffrath

Jan Schaffrath (born March 16, 1971 in Berlin) is a German directeur sportif for UCI ProTeam Omega Pharma-Quick Step and former professional road bicycle racer. Before turning professional he was twice military World Champion. At the 1994 UCI Road World Championships he won the bronze medal in the men's team time trail. He raced as a professional from 1997 until 2005, all the time at T-Mobile Team. At the end of 2005 he retired and moved to Team Milram as a directuer sportif, but only lasted one season there before returning to T-Mobile as a directeur sportif, which later changed its name to Team High Road and Team Columbia. After HTC did not find a new sponsor, he moved to the Belgian team Omega Pharma-Quick Step. 

</doc>
<doc id="19238358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238358" title="Tennis at the 1977 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1977 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1977 Summer Universiade in Sofia, Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19238378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238378" title="Nuvve Kavali">
Nuvve Kavali

Nuvve Kavali (English translation "I Want Only You") is a 2000 Telugu romance film, produced by Ushakiron Movies, and directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar. The film was a remake of Malayalam film "Niram". Trivikram Srinivas, penned dialogues for the film. Tarun and Richa Pallod debuted with this film as actors in lead role. The film has also garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu.
Plot.
Tarun (Tarun) and Madhu (Richa Pallod) are childhood best buddies. They were born on the same day, in the same hospital. Even their parents are best friends from their college years and are now neighbors. Tarun and Madhu are inseparable, so much so that they study in the same college in the same class. Everyone knows them to be just friends, except Varsha (Varsha), the innocent and clumsy girl who has an enormous crush on Tarun. She notices his feelings towards Madhu and asks him about that, which he firmly and laughingly denies.
Another student Prakash (Sai Kiran), a very talented singer, develops feelings towards Madhu when she spontaneously sings along with him at a college function. He, Madhu and others leave for Bangalore for a week to participate in a few inter-college competitions. As they are apart for the first time in their lives, Tarun starts missing Madhu very badly, but does not understand his feelings. His maid Rukku (Kovai Sarala), who often teases him and Madhu, starts teasing him that he is missing her because he loves her. Slowly, Tarun begins to realize that indeed, he loves her. He buys a gift and greeting card to express himself when she returns. Meanwhile he sees a girl from his college slapping her friend because he proposed to her. She, in a distressed mood, says that such guys are a shame towards friendship as they pretend to be friends but really have other intentions. She wishes that every guy could be like Tarun so that a girl and guy could be best friends without any worries. Tarun decides not to express his feelings to Madhu lest she too react in the same.
Madhu returns from Bangalore and tells Tarun that Prakash proposed to her during their stay. She comes to his room to ask him what to reply and by mistake half opens the drawer in which he kept his greeting card and gift. He hurriedly closes it and asks her not to open that and tells her to agree to the proposal if she likes Prakash. She finally agrees to Prakash's proposal but later things start to get a little rough as Prakash doesn't like the intimacy Tarun and Madhu share.
Soon Prakash's grandmother comes to Madhu's house to set the date for their marriage. Her parents agree and marriage preparations are underway. It is decided that after marriage, Madhu will leave with Prakash to USA where his whole family is settled. It is then that she realises this marriage means breaking her relationship with Tarun and leaving forever. She suddenly dislikes getting married and tries to talk to Tarun about it. He casually says that it is all part of life and inevitable. She asks how can he talk so cold heartedly. She says she wishes she did not have to leave and wonders why she had to love Prakash. She scolds him why he did not get the idea to love her in the first place. At this point Tarun, ruled by emotions, hugs Madhu and cries and runs away from her.
Madhu growns suspicious of his actions and remembers the drawer which he did not let her open. She goes to his room and is shocked to find the card and gift. She says that she does not want to marry Prakash and will tell everyone about them. Tarun firmly refuses saying that their parents have given them unlimited freedom and it would be very selfish and irresponsible of them to break their trust. At his insistence she goes through the engagement ceremony. After the engagement, Tarun says that he has to go to a basketball match out of the state and will not be there for the marriage. The parents try to convince him but he doesn't listen. Madhu gives him a ride to the station and on the way they remember their entire childhood. At the station as Tarun is boarding the train, Madhu weeps and holds him. He is unable to leave. At the house, the maid tells their parents everything and they come to the station. They find Madhu and Tarun on the platform stairs and tell them that what they feel is not wrong and it is the way of the world. They assure the love birds that Madhu's marriage to Prakash will cancelled.
Soundtrack.
Thesoundrtack was composed is by Koti.

</doc>
<doc id="19238398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238398" title="Toby Bluth">
Toby Bluth

Fred "Toby" Bluth was a Texas-born American illustrator who worked on many Disney films and others as animator, Background artist and Production designer. He had a long career writing and illustrating childrens books, not to mention performing and or directing, nearly one hundred musicals, both on Broadway and off. His artwork is prominently displayed at most of the Disney theme parks around the world. He is the younger brother of Don Bluth, who he has collaborated on both theater and animation. 
Style.
Bluth noted Gustaf Tenggren, whom Walt Disney actively recruited to work on the breakthrough film, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" as being a big inspiration throughout his career. When asked how he approached each of his watercolor masterpieces, Toby described his intent as"Creating the moment that you think you saw ... How one remembers a film is often different from the actual film itself."
The use of chiaroscuro was apparent in Bluth's work. These subtle variations of light and shade create depth, life and warm, yet cool shadows to each scene. This lends a heightened delineation of character and allows his subjects much more of a unique, almost animated, existence within the painting. 
Death.
He died on October 31, 2013 in Los Angeles, California following a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19238407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238407" title="Tennis at the 1979 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1979 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1979 Summer Universiade in Mexico City, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19238448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238448" title="Europe's Strongest Man">
Europe's Strongest Man

Europe's Strongest Man is an annual strength athletics competition which began in 1980. The event is held in various locations throughout Europe, and features exclusively European strongman competitors. Mariusz Pudzianowski currently holds the record for most wins with 6 titles. Zydrunas Savickas, Geoff Capes and Riku Kiri each hold 3 titles. As of 2010, the Europe's Strongest Man contest has become a part of the Giants Live season of annual grand prix events. The contest serves as a qualifying event for the World's Strongest Man contest, with the top 3 placings qualifying for that year's WSM contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19238465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238465" title="Tennis at the 1981 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1981 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1981 Summer Universiade in Bucharest, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19238499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238499" title="Hydroelectric power in New Zealand">
Hydroelectric power in New Zealand

Hydroelectric power in New Zealand has been a part of the country’s energy system for over 100 years and continues to provide more than half of the country’s electricity needs. Early schemes such as the Waipori scheme commissioned in 1903 and the Lake Coleridge power station commissioned in 1914 established New Zealand’s use of renewable hydro energy.
By the early 1950s, over 1,000 MW of installed capacity was from hydro energy. In 1965, the High Voltage Direct Current transmission line between Benmore in the South Island and Haywards in the North Island was commissioned. From this point onwards, hydro capacity in the South Island increased rapidly, with developments including the 540 MW Benmore power station in 1966, the 700 MW Manapouri power station in 1971 and the 432 MW Clyde Dam, which was commissioned in 1992. By the mid-1990s, hydro capacity had reached over 5,000 MW, and remains around this level today.
In 2012, hydro generation produced 22,638 GWh of electricity, representing 53% of the total electricity generated.
History.
The first industrial hydro-electric power plant was established at Bullendale in Otago in 1885, to provide power for a 20 stamp battery at the Phoenix mine. The plant used water from the nearby Skippers Creek, a tributary of the Shotover River.
Reefton was the first town with a reticulated public electricity supply from a significant hydroelectric plant after the commissioning of the Reefton Power Station in 1888.
The first hydro-electric power station constructed by the government was the Okere Falls hydro-electric station near Rotorua. The plant began operating in May 1901. Electricity was transmitted at 3300 volts over a route to Rotorua, and was used to drive sewage pumps, and some public buildings including five thermal baths.
During the next twenty years private companies and local authorities established a number of stations, including Waipori in Otago and Horahora on the Waikato River. The first large scheme developed by the government was Coleridge in Canterbury, opened in 1914.
Other significant early stations include Mangahao (1924), Arapuni (1929) and Tuai (1929), connected to a single North Island grid in 1934, and Waitaki (1935) in the South Island.
The Waikaremoana cascade was completed in the 1940s with Piripāua and Kaitawa stations. A further seven stations were developed as a cascade on the Waikato River from 1953 and 1970. In the 1950s development of the Clutha River with Roxburgh Dam and the upper Waitaki in the MacKenzie Basin with "Tekapo A" was begun.
With commissioning of the HVDC_Inter-Island link in 1965, the Waitaki scheme was further expanded with Benmore Dam (1965), Aviemore Dam (1968), and later Tekapo B, and Ohau A, B and C.
In the North Island, the Tongariro Power Scheme was completed between 1964 and 1983.
The plan in 1959 to raise the level of Lake Manapouri for hydro-electric development was met with resistance, and the Save Manapouri Campaign became a milestone in environmental awareness. Later hydro schemes, such as the last large hydro to be commissioned, Clyde Dam in 1992, were also controversial.
Generation.
Hydroelectric power accounts for 11% of the total primary energy usage in New Zealand with imported oil and oil products making up 70% of the primary energy.
Hydroelectric power accounts for 57% of the total electricity generation in New Zealand.
Over the decade from 1997 hydroelectric power as a percentage of total net electricity generated went from 66% down to 55%. An increase in coal and gas for electricity generation accounted for the reduction in hydroelectric power as a percentage of the total.
Large hydroelectric power schemes have been built in the Central Plateau region of the North Island and in the MacKenzie Basin in the South Island, as well as a series of power stations on the Waikato River.
Proposed projects.
There are a number of proposed hydroelectric power projects in New Zealand and, despite the demand for more renewable energy, there is opposition to some new hydroelectric projects.
Other proposals, at various planning stages, include schemes on the Matakitaki, Matiri, Waimakariri, Clutha, Kaituna and the Gowan Rivers.
Environmental issues.
There has been opposition to hydroelectric power on environmental grounds for many decades.
The first nationwide environmental campaign in New Zealand was opposition to raising Lake Manapouri for a power station to supply electricity to an aluminium smelter. The Save Manapouri Campaign was a success and the power station was built without raising the level of lake outside of its natural range.
The highly endangered Black Stilt, which nests on the braided rivers beds of the South Island, is threatened by changes in river flows as a result of new hydro dams and changes in flow regimes for existing dams. The Upper Waitaki Power Development posed a threat to the black stilt habitat and a programme was set up to lessen the threats.

</doc>
<doc id="19238508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238508" title="Tennis at the 1983 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1983 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1983 Summer Universiade in Edmonton, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19238509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238509" title="Cuautitlán Assembly">
Cuautitlán Assembly

The Cuautitlán Stamping and Assembly Plant (CSAP) is a Ford Motor Company manufacturing facility located in Cuautitlán Izcalli, México. The site opened in 1964 and currently manufactures the Fiesta, prior to most recently manufacturing trucks.
Construction of the plant began in 1962 and plant was inaugurated on November 4, 1964. Full vehiclular assembly operations began operation in 1970, and since production began, the plant has manufactured over 2.2 million vehicles.
After extensive modification, the plant began manufacture of the model year 2011 Fiesta subcompact for the North American market. Modifications included an expansion of 25,800 m2, construction of five new lines of high-productivity presses, incorporation of 270 robots and in-line measuring systems, as well as incorporation of adjustable ergonomic platforms in the upholstery area and new paint facilities. The plant effectively includes all major subassemblies of the vehicle body as well as final assembly.
The plant has previously manufactured the F-150, F-200, F-250, F-600, F-550, F-650, F-750, F-800, P-350, P-400, W-250, W-350, W-650, W-750, X-250, X-350, X-650, X-670, X-750, Ford LTD, Mercury Grand Marquis, Ford Thunderbird, Mercury Cougar, Ford Tempo, Mercury Topaz, Ford Contour, and Mercury Mystique.

</doc>
<doc id="19238529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238529" title="Krug Park">
Krug Park

Krug Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238557" title="International CensusAtSchool Project">
International CensusAtSchool Project

The International CensusAtSchool Project collects and disseminates real data for use by teachers and pupils in data-handling, ICT and across the curriculum for learning and teaching. Since the project's inception by the Royal Statistical Society (RSS) Centre for Statistical Education in the United Kingdom, several countries have taken up the project. Presently, CensusAtschool is running in the UK, South Africa, Canada, New Zealand and in Australia.
CensusAtSchool aims to:
International Database.
Access is provided to the International CensusAtSchool Database via the Random Data Selector. This allows students to compare some of their results with students from across the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="19238560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238560" title="Tennis at the 1985 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1985 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1985 Summer Universiade in Kobe, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19238573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238573" title="Giroux">
Giroux

Giroux may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238577" title="Pipal Park">
Pipal Park

Pipal Park is located at 7770 Hascall Street in southwest Omaha, Nebraska.
Features.
Pipal Park is a popular, barrier-free playground in Omaha. The park has a bridge, slides, swings, covered and uncovered picnic areas, a water feature and many art sculptures. The Pipal Park Community Center is located just south of the park. This facility houses a licensed pre-school, meeting rooms and a games room.
Storm destruction.
Pipal Park was one of the areas struck by one of the most destructive tornados in the history of the USA. The tornado devastated parts of Omaha including Pipal Park on May 5, 1975. A memorial named "Patrick" was constructed by UNO sculpture professor Sidney Buchanan, and was dedicated on May 5, 1977, two years after the tornado struck Pipal Park. It stands on a grassy knoll overlooking the park and symbolizes the order being reestablished from the chaos the tornado created. The Pipal Park recreational area was officially dedicated in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19238578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238578" title="Jorge Cervera Hauser">
Jorge Cervera Hauser

Jorge Cervera Hauser, (b.Mexico City June 22, 1984), was the winner of Animal Planet's reality television show "Unearthed" on its second season, getting his documentary "Pride Lost" broadcast all over the world through Discovery Networks.
Biography.
Jorge is a photographer with a B.A. in communications. While he was in college he worked in advertising agency DDB as creative copywriter with accounts such as McDonalds, and then as field producer for Mexico's cable entertainment channel ExaTv.
His thesis "Wolfie", an old-fashioned animated short about a baby Mozart orchestrating the magical world around him, was screened in several international film festivals, and was animated by plastic artist and close friend Mike Uriegas. He then made a stop-motion short for a contest alongside Pablo Ortiz, which earned the couple a private screening of the short with filmmaker Michel Gondry, and the inclusion of it in the Latin American version of Gondry's "Science of Sleep" DVD. He was later invited by art director Rubén Bross and Emilio Azcárraga Jean's wife, Sharon Fastlicht, to participate in photographic exhibit and art-book "El ABC de la Discapacidad" (ABC of the Disabled), for NGO Hazlo Ahora and Teletón-Mexico Foundation. The photo exhibit took place in "Las Rejas de Chapultepec", an outdoor gallery alongside Paseo de la Reforma, one of the main avenues in Mexico City with the most cultural significance. Also one of the toughest spots in the country to hold an exhibit, with a 3 year waiting list and the highest art and quality standards.
His most recent work consists of a documentary short about the pandas in Mexico City Zoo; it was requested by the Chinese government to be shown in a festival within the frame of the 2008 Olympics, and the photography for a national campaign of woman with breast cancer, alongside Fundación RETO, Hoffmann-La Roche and McCann Erickson.
Before going to Africa, Jorge had a dirt-bike accident where he lost the big toe on his right foot and after two major surgeries he wasn't able to walk during the next four months, just in time to participate in the television series. He is an enthusiastic scuba diver and currently lives in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19238579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238579" title="Gallagher Park">
Gallagher Park

Gallagher Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238600" title="The Banishment">
The Banishment

The Banishment (, "Izgnanie") is a 2007 Russian film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev. The film is a loose adaptation of "The Laughing Matter", a 1953 novel by Armenian-American writer William Saroyan. It stars Konstantin Lavronenko and Maria Bonnevie.
The film premiered at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Palme d'Or. Lavronenko won the Best Actor award at the festival. It was released in Russian cinemas on 2 October 2007. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
Plot.
Alex (Konstantin Lavronenko) brings his wife Vera (Maria Bonnevie) and two children for a trip to his childhood home in the countryside. The tranquillity of the countryside is broken when Vera tells Alex that she is pregnant and that the baby is not his. The rift between the couple grows but the two try to keep up appearances in the presence of their children and the old friends that visit them.
Alex is unsure about what to do and turns to his brother Mark (Aleksandr Baluyev) for advice. On the way to meet Mark at the train station, Alex's son Kir (Maksim Shibayev) reveals that Alex's friend Robert (Dmitri Ulyanov) was at their house one day while Alex was away for work. Alex concludes that Robert is the baby's father.
Vera feels that they have become estranged and is afraid of what Kir will turn into due to the criminal nature of Alex and his brother's work. In the film's opening scene, Mark comes to Alex's house for help removing a bullet from his arm.
In the end, Alex makes the decision to have an abortion. While the children are at a friend's house, he gets Mark to find a doctor to perform the procedure. The abortion goes wrong and Vera dies. Alex and Mark rush the funeral formalities as gossip spreads quickly in the countryside. After returning home from the funeral parlour, Mark has a serious heart attack. Against the advice of the doctor, he attends Vera's funeral but dies before he and his brother return home.
Alex returns to the city alone and goes to Robert's house with the intention of killing him. Alex falls asleep in his car outside the house and is awoken by Robert who invites him in. As he retrieves the gun from the glove box, he discovers an envelope containing the results of Vera's pregnancy test and a letter written by Vera on the back. The film cuts to a flashback of the time Robert came to Alex's home while he was away. It is revealed that the day before, Vera attempted to commit suicide by overdosing on pills but is saved by Robert. The next day, Vera finds out she is pregnant and confides with Robert, revealing that she never had an affair and that the baby was in fact Alex's, even though she says it felt like it wasn't his.
Production.
Director Andrey Zvyagintsev said the project took him nearly three years to complete, starting from when he first thought about the plot. The film's screenplay was presented to Zvyagintsev by Artyom Melkumian, an Armenian friend of his who worked as a television cameraman. Melkumian loved William Saroyan's "The Laughing Matter" and spent ten years adapting the novel. Originally, the script had a lot of dialogue but Zvyagintsev said that when he started testing it with actors "it was a disaster" and had to remorselessly cut the dialogue. "The long dialogue would be impossible to film in a satisfying way. It would be very difficult for the actors to hold the viewers' attention for that long," said Zvyagintsev.
Zvyagintsev said "The entire success of the film depends on the cast. So I spend a long time finding exactly the right people. I always have an image of a particular character in mind, and then audition many actors and keep comparing the essence of the character with the essence of the people I meet. When the virtual and the real characters almost coincide, I know I've found my actor." Zvyagintsev tried to avoid casting Konstantin Lavronenko who played a lead role in his previous film, "The Return", but said "In the end I couldn't find anyone else who could be his equal." Zvyagintsev postponed filming and waited twelve months for actress Maria Bonnevie who had a year-long contract with the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm.
The film had 103 shooting days in four different countries—France, Belgium, Moldova and Russia. The city scenes were filmed in Charleroi, an industrial city in Belgium. The house, the railway station, the church, the cemetery and the wooden bridge next to the house were purposefully built on location near Cahul, Moldova. A shot involving a donkey which only lasts several seconds on screen took the crew half a day to film and used three cans of film. Zvyagintsev joked, "Now I say will never work with animals again." Zvyagintsev intentionally removed cultural references to the time and setting of the film. Special attention was paid to architecture, signs and the vehicles. Finnish bank notes were altered to make them look more abstract and a French sign was digitally removed in post-production.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. Based on 16 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, "The Banishment" has an overall approval rating from critics of 56%, with an average score of 5/10. David Gritten of "The Daily Telegraph" called the film "a mythic masterpiece" and that ""The Banishment" confirms Zvyagintsev as a director of world stature." Film critic Patrick Z. McGavin said "the movie requires extraordinary patience, and those inclined to surrender to the film's heavy mood and elusive rhythm are bound to experience a significant revelation." The film's narrative has been described as "frustrating" and "suffers from structural problems." "Sight & Sound" said "the film's dramatic narrative twist is clumsily rendered. Intended to disorientate, it comes over as contrived." "The Guardian"'s Peter Bradshaw criticized the film's open-ended nature and how it left questions unanswered saying, "there is an outstanding film somewhere inside this sprawling mass of ideas, which might have been shaped more exactingly in the edit."
The cinematography by Mikhail Krichman received great praise from most critics. Its slow pace and long running time divided critics, having been described as "at times a painfully slow film" and "it slips gently by, holding the attention in an iron grip." Anton Bitel said "the viewer's patience is rewarded with exquisite painterly images, some unexpectedly rapid developments and a truly bleak vision of human error and its consequences."
The film drew frequent comparisons to the works of Andrei Tarkovsky, as well as visually referencing Ingmar Bergman, Robert Bresson, and Michelangelo Antonioni. Birgit Beumers of KinoKultura criticized this aspect of the film, stating "these quotations are obtrusive and too obvious" while Neil Young's Film Lounge concurred, stating "Zvyagintsev has ended up merely aping the cinematic giants who have come before him." "Empire"'s David Parkinson said the film "feels more like a ciné dissertation designed to showcase Zvyagintsev's appreciation of the medium than an original piece of cinema."
Konstantin Lavronenko won the Best Actor award at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival for his performance in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19238603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238603" title="Tennis at the 1987 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1987 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1987 Summer Universiade in Zagreb, Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19238607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238607" title="Mount Dora Center for the Arts">
Mount Dora Center for the Arts

The Mount Dora Center for the Arts is located at 138 East Fifth Avenue, Mount Dora, Florida. MDCA is a multifaceted community center providing fine art gallery exhibitions, education programs for all ages and levels, Art of the Deal (an annual fine art auction), monthly Art Strolls and a multitude of volunteer opportunities for all ages. The Mount Dora Center for the Arts also presents an Arts Festival every February. This celebrated art show brings together nearly 300 nationally acclaimed artists to beautiful historic downtown Mount Dora for a weekend-long arts experience. Mount Dora Center for the Arts is a community based, nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to fostering an appreciation of art and culture in the Central Florida region.
Mission Statement.
The Mount Dora Center for the Arts is a non-profit collaborative leader, which plays an integral role in the community by demonstrating the passion and commitment to the development of the arts through progressive and diverse educational programs, dynamic exhibits and an arts festival which is the foundation of artistic expression within the community.
History of MDCA.
In 1975, a group of art-loving citizens held the first Mount Dora Arts Festival. It was a small event, but it was a big success and they decided to have an Arts Festival every year. In 1984, many of these same citizens of Mount Dora banded together to form the Mount Dora Cultural Council. It was their goal to celebrate the arts in Mount Dora, as well as further promote and improve the quality of the Arts Festival. Staffed by volunteers and funded through membership dues and private contributions, the Cultural Council began to grow.
In 1985, The Cultural Council moved into 138 East 5th Avenue. As time went by, more and more people joined the Cultural Council, and in 1986, the Board of Trustees resolved to change the name to Mount Dora Center for the Arts. The Mount Dora Center for the Arts has provided quality art experiences in the Lake County region of Central Florida ever since. 
In 1989, the Board of Trustees hired the first full-time director to oversee operations and expand the Arts Festival. MDCA continues to produce the Mount Dora Arts Festival, Mount Dora’s signature event, which hosts almost 300 artists and draws 250,000 people. In 1995, with a 30% down payment and owner financed mortgage, the MDCA Board of Trustees purchased the building where the Art Center had been located for thirteen years. 
And now, the Mount Dora Center for the Arts maintains a year-round calendar of arts-related events and activities and serves the community by providing changing exhibits of original art, arts education programs, classes, seminars and lectures.
Membership.
We love our members! The Mount Dora Center for the Arts contributes to the quality of life in Lake County by hosting exciting exhibits, monthly Mount Dora Art Strolls, and the annual Mount Dora Arts Festival. The Art Center’s Summer Art Camp may be the program that most contributes to the community. For seven weeks each summer children have a place to be creative and thrive while having fun painting, sculpting and crafting. Benefits of membership include, but are not exclusive to: advance notice and registration opportunities for classes, seminars, lectures, and events; discounts on classes, seminars, and other programs sponsored by MDCA; invitations to all exhibit openings, receptions and other special events held by MDCA; and the opportunity for member artists to apply to Artisans on Fifth co-op gallery. “Be a Part of the Art” & join us today.

</doc>
<doc id="19238613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238613" title="Joshua Barton">
Joshua Barton

Joshua Barton (July 28, 1792 – June 30, 1823) was the first Missouri Secretary of State. He was involved in three duels with prominent Missouri politicians before being killed in a duel.
Barton, a younger brother of Senator David Barton, was born in Jefferson County, Tennessee.
He moved to St. Louis, Missouri in 1809. He studied law under Rufus Easton, who was Missouri Territory's second representative to Congress. After being admitted to the bar, he and Edward Bates, Missouri's first attorney general, formed a law firm.
Barton was the first Secretary of State, but resigned to become district attorney of St. Louis, Missouri.
Duelist.
In 1816, he fought a duel with Thomas Hempstead, brother of Edward Hempstead, Missouri's first representative to Congress. Bates was his second. Thomas Hart Benton was Hempstead's second. The duel ended in no bloodshed.
In 1817, he was second to Charles Lucas in two duels with Benton; wounded the first time, Lucas was finally killed by the Missouri Senator.
In 1823, David Barton opposed the reappointment of William Rector as Surveyor General for Missouri, Illinois and Arkansas, saying that Rector was hiring his relatives as surveyors and overpaying his surveyors. Rector had overseen the surveying the Louisiana Purchase, including the establishment of the Beginning Point of the Louisiana Purchase Survey. William Rector had previously been hired to survey the location route of the Buffalo Trace before an Indian treaty line was established.
Joshua Barton made the charges in a letter signed "Philo" to the weekly newspaper the "St. Louis Republican". Rector's brother, Thomas Rector, contacted the paper and found out that Barton had written the letter and challenged him to a duel. They met at 6 p.m. on June 30, 1823, on Bloody Island (where the previous duels had occurred). Barton was killed instantly, while Thomas Rector was not hurt. Rector died in 1825 in a knife fight in St. Louis. President James Monroe did not reappoint William Rector.

</doc>
<doc id="19238617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238617" title="Bompas &amp; Parr">
Bompas &amp; Parr

Bompas & Parr was founded June 2007 by Sam Bompas and Harry Parr and creates food art using gelatin desserts, colloquially called jellies. Named after the defunct food company of the same name, the company uses food molds to make edible decorations shaped like buildings and other architectural structures.
The work of Bompas & Parr have been noted for their detail and have competed in culinary artwork competitions, an example being the Architectural Jelly Design Competition organised for the London Festival of Architecture. The company claims their projects explore how the taste of food is altered through synaesthesia, performance and setting. Currently the focus of their projects is gelatin based because they feel it is a perfect medium for an examination of food and architecture due to its plastic form and the historic role it has played in exploring notions of taste.
Bompas & Parr also claims to be the first group to ever record the sound of jelly wobbling. After a food fight erupted at one of Bompass and Parr's first major events, the Architectural Jelly Banquet, the company introduced payment for its events.
Bompas & Parr first made Jelly Ronson, a glow-in-the-dark alcoholic jelly for Mark Ronson's 33rd Birthday Party.
They have invented a Willy Wonka style flavor changing gum that changes flavour as you chew.
In July 2011, Bompas & Parr were briefed to design a public art installation on the roof terrace of Selfridges, Oxford Street, for a promotional event staged by Truvia as part of their UK launch. The first time that it had been opened to the public since World War II, the company designed a rowing lake, which was dyed green.
As part of the London 2012 Open Weekend Bompas & Parr have created scratch and sniff cards to accompany a one off scratch and sniff screening of Bill Forsyth's film Gregory's Girl in Edinburgh's Festival Square on Sunday 26 July 2009. This is thought to be the first outdoor scratch and sniff experience anywhere in the UK. An enigmatic penguin (familiar to devotees of the film) will appear amongst the crowd holding up a placard instructing the audience to scratch and sniff at the right moment.
References.
Bompas & Parr's first book Jelly with Bompas & Parr is published by Pavilion, an imprint of Anova Books

</doc>
<doc id="19238649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238649" title="Tennis at the 1991 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1991 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1991 Summer Universiade in Sheffield, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19238651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238651" title="Dabasa">
Dabasa

Dabasa is a genus of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It contains 14 species.

</doc>
<doc id="19238652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238652" title="Gruhn Guitars">
Gruhn Guitars

Gruhn Guitars is a vintage instrument shop and place of interest located in Nashville, Tennessee. It is a mecca for rock stars and well-heeled collectors. The business opened on January 2, 1970. His vintage-guitar shop in Nashville, Tennessee, won a lot of new business and national attention after Visa featured it in 1992 in a TV commercial. George Gruhn is the world’s leading expert on vintage American guitars and related instruments, according to Walter Carter, historian and archivist for the Gibson Guitar Company. The shop was originally called GTR, which stood for George Gruhn, Tut Taylor and Randy Wood; a story has circulated that country music star Hank Williams, Jr. encouraged Gruhn to go into business. The store is located right by the stage door of the Ryman Auditorium, the home of the Grand Ole Opry. On December 31, 2006, Garrison Keillor, for his New Year's Show at Ryman Auditorium for PBS' "Great Performances" visited Gruhn Guitars with Vince Gill before the start of the show. Garrison Keiller's New Year's Eve Special Gill told a story about buying some of his guitars at Gruhn's. "Gruhn's customer's have included the likes of Duane Allman, Mark Knopfler, Conan O'Brien, Robert Plant and Eric Clapton.

</doc>
<doc id="19238671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238671" title="List of diplomatic missions in Suriname">
List of diplomatic missions in Suriname

This is a list of diplomatic missions in Suriname. There are currently 12 embassies in Paramaribo; (not including honorary consulates).
Embassies.
Paramaribo
Consulate-General.
Nickerie

</doc>
<doc id="19238689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238689" title="Majstorović">
Majstorović

Majstorović () is a Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238721" title="City of Los Angeles v. Lyons">
City of Los Angeles v. Lyons

City of Los Angeles v. Lyons, 461 U.S. 95 (1983) was a United States Supreme Court decision holding that the plaintiff, Adolph Lyons, lacked standing to challenge the city police department's alleged chokehold policy. Lyons, an African American, had been subjected to a chokehold after being stopped for a traffic violation. He sought both compensatory damages for the chokehold, and declaratory and injunctive relief against the department's chokehold policy (he introduced evidence that from 1975 to 1983, sixteen people, including twelve African Americans, had been killed by police chokeholds). In an opinion authored by Justice White, the Court held, 5-4, that Lyons had failed to allege a sufficiently plausible threat of future injury to have standing for an injunction; Lyons did, however, have standing for his damages action, since this was retrospective and the injury--being subjected to the chokehold--was concrete and particular. The decision helps establish the principle that a plaintiff must meet a standing requirement for "each" form of relief sought. Justice Marshall's dissent argued that the majority's test would immunize from review any widespread policy that deprives constitutional rights when individuals cannot show with certainty that they would be subject to a repeat violation. He also argued that the Court's traditional rule did not distinguish different forms of relief for standing purposes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19238722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238722" title="Carolyn Murray">
Carolyn Murray

Carolyn Murray (born September 18, 1976) is a Canadian triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
She was born in St. Albert, Alberta. She is an alumna of Simon Fraser University
In 2008 she finished 29th in the Olympic triathlon event and was the top female Canadian.
Her mother Laurie Murray is also a world class triathlete and continues to compete in the 60 plus category ranking 3rd in the world.
She currently lives in Victoria BC and coaches future olympic triathletes

</doc>
<doc id="19238746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238746" title="Tennis at the 1993 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1993 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1993 Summer Universiade in Buffalo, New York, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19238799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238799" title="Waimea High School">
Waimea High School

Waimea High School is a public high school in Waimea on the island of Kauai in the state of Hawaii. It was established in 1881 and serves grades 9 through 12. It is the western most high school in the United States of America and therefore, the last school in America to experience the sunset everyday. It is not to be confused with Kauai High School which is the 2nd most western high school in the USA. The school mascot is the Menehune, and the school colors are blue and white.
The campus displays the mixed media sculpture "Hoolilo" by Ralph Kouchi and the stainless steel sculpture "Waimea Ohana" by Rowland Morita.
It is located at 9707 Tsuchiya Road, 

</doc>
<doc id="19238816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238816" title="Tennis at the 1997 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1997 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1997 Summer Universiade in the island of Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19238834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238834" title="International Harvester Loadstar">
International Harvester Loadstar

Loadstar was a series of medium and heavy-duty trucks built by International Harvester from 1962 to 1979. 
The Loadstar was primarily used for local delivery, construction, and agricultural applications, as well as utility and fire trucks. It replaced the earlier R-series, which had been built in medium (and heavier) duty form until the Loadstar arrived.
It was widely recognizable by its grey grill and "butterfly" hood, but late models had one piece tilting hoods. Most had a medium-duty 4x2 chassis, but 4X4 and 6x4 models were also built. A four-door extended cab was also available.
Models included: 1600, 1700, 1750, 1800, and 1850, with the numbers indicating the size of the model. All models were available a cowl-chassis for school buses. The 1600 and 1700 were available with 4X4, the 1800 and 1850 with tandem rear axles.
This series was replaced by the S-Series from 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19238859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238859" title="Tennis at the 1999 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 1999 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 1999 Summer Universiade in Palma de Majorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19238871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238871" title="How a Mosquito Operates">
How a Mosquito Operates

How a Mosquito Operates (1912), also known as The Story of a Mosquito, is a silent animated film by American cartoonist and animator Winsor McCay. The six-minute short, about a giant mosquito who torments a sleeping man, is one of the earliest animated films and is noted for the high technical quality of its naturalistic animation, considered far ahead of its contemporaries.
McCay had a reputation for the technical dexterity of his cartooning, displayed most famously in the children's comic strip "Little Nemo in Slumberland" (1905–1911). He delved into the infant art of film animation in 1911 with "Little Nemo", and followed that film's success with "How a Mosquito Operates". McCay gives the animation naturalistic timing, motion, and weight, and displays a more coherent story and developed character than in "Nemo".
"How a Mosquito Operates" was enthusiastically received when McCay first unveiled it as part of his "chalk talk" vaudeville act, and in a theatrical release that soon followed. In 1914 McCay further developed the character animation he introduced in "Mosquito" with his best-known animated work, "Gertie the Dinosaur".
Synopsis.
A man looks around apprehensively before entering his room to go to sleep. A giant mosquito (with top hat and briefcase) flies in through a transom after it finds itself too large to squeeze in through a keyhole. It repeatedly feeds on the sleeping man, who tries in vain to shoo away his assailant. Eventually, the mosquito drinks itself so full that it explodes.
Style.
"How a Mosquito Operates", or "The Story of a Mosquito", is one of the earliest examples of line-drawn animation. The film capitalizes on strengths of the film medium, then in its infancy, by making use of physical, visual action.
Rather than merely expanding like a balloon, as the mosquito drinks its abdomen fills consistent with its bodily structure in a naturalistic way. The heavier it becomes, the more difficulty it has keeping its balance. The mosquito has a personality: egotistical, persistent, and calculating (as when it whets its beak on a stone wheel). Although horrifying to watch, its actions are balanced with humor, as when it finds itself so engorged with blood that it must lie down.
Background.
Winsor McCay (–1934) developed prodigiously detailed and accurate drawing skills early in life. As a young man, he earned a living drawing portraits and posters in dime museums, and attracted large crowds with his ability to draw quickly in public. McCay began working as a full-time newspaper illustrator in 1898, and began drawing comic strips in 1903. His greatest comic-strip success was the children's fantasy "Little Nemo in Slumberland", which he launched in 1905. McCay began performing on the vaudeville circuit the following year, doing chalk talks—performances in which he drew in front of a live audience.
Inspired by flip books his son Robert brought home, McCay "came to see the possibility of making moving pictures" of his cartoons. He claimed that he "was the first man in the world to make animated cartoons", although he had been preceded by animators such as James Stuart Blackton and Émile Cohl. McCay made four thousand drawings on rice paper for his first animated short, which starred his "Little Nemo" characters. The "Little Nemo" film debuted in movie theatres in 1911, and McCay soon incorporated it into his vaudeville act.
The animated sequences in "Little Nemo" had no plot: much like the early experiments by the French animator Émile Cohl, McCay had used his first film to demonstrate the medium's capabilities—with fanciful sequences demonstrating motion for its own sake. In "Mosquito" he wanted greater believability, and balanced outlandish action with naturalistic timing, motion, and weight. As he had already demonstrated in his first film that pictures could be made to move, in the second he focused on a simple story.
Vaudeville acts and humor magazines commonly joked about large New Jersey mosquitoes (known as "Jersey Skeeters"), and McCay had frequently used mosquitoes in his comic strip—including an October 23, 1910, "Little Nemo" episode where Nemo is attacked by a swarm of mosquitoes after returning from a trip to Mars. McCay took the idea for the film from a June 5, 1909, episode of his comic strip "Dream of the Rarebit Fiend". In the original, the mosquito (without top hat or briefcase) gorges itself on an alcoholic, becoming so drunk in the end that it cannot fly away.
Production and release.
McCay began working on the film in May 1911. Shortly after, he left the employ of the "New York Herald" for the newspapers of William Randolph Hearst—a sign of his rising stardom. A magazine advertisement that July announced, "moving picture, containing six thousand sketches ... will be a 'release' for vaudeville next season by Mr. McCay. The film will be named "How a Mosquito Operates"." 
The drawing for " Mosquito" was finished in December 1911, but when McCay sent the frames to Vitagraph Studios for photographing, they disappeared with the driver of the horse-drawn taxi, only to be discovered unharmed a few days later by police. The film had to be shot twice due to lighting issues at the studio. "How a Mosquito Operates" debuted in January 1912—first as part of McCay's vaudeville act, which he toured through spring and summer, and later in movie theaters. It was distributed abroad by Vitagraph Studios.
In a live-action prologue that has been lost, McCay and his daughter, "pestered to death by mosquitoes" at their summer home in New Jersey, find a professor who speaks the insects' language. The professor tells McCay to "make a series of drawings to illustrate just how the insect does its deadly work", and after months of work McCay invites the professor to watch the film.
Reception and legacy.
According to animator Chris Webster, "How a Mosquito Operates" was released at a time when audience demand for animation outstripped the studios' ability to supply it. When most studios were struggling merely to make animation work, McCay showed a mastery of the medium and a sense of how to create believable motion.
The film opened to large audiences, and was well received. The "Detroit Times" described audiences laughing until they cried, and "home feeling that [they had seen one of the best programs" in the theater's history. The paper called the film "a marvelous arrangement of colored drawings", referring to the final explosive sequence, which McCay had hand-painted red. The New York "Morning Telegraph" remarked, "[McCay's] moving pictures of his drawings have caused even film magnates to marvel at their cleverness and humor". McCay spoke in interviews of the new animated film medium's potential for "serious and educational work", hinting at the subject of his next film, 1914's "Gertie the Dinosaur".
Animator John Randolph Bray's first film, "The Artist's Dream", appeared in 1913; it alternates live-action and animated sequences, and features a dog who explodes after eating too many sausages. Although these aspects are reminiscent of McCay's first two films, Bray said that he was unaware of McCay's efforts while working on "The Artist's Dream".
Following "Mosquito", animation tended to be story-based; for decades attention was rarely drawn to the technology underlying it, and live-action sequences became infrequent. Animator John Canemaker commended McCay for his ability to imbue a mosquito with character and personality, and stated the technical quality of McCay's animation was far ahead of its time, unmatched until Disney studios gained prominence in the 1930s with films such as "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937).

</doc>
<doc id="19238872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238872" title="Just You">
Just You

Just You is a song by Sonny and Cher. It was the first single Sonny & Cher released on the ATCO label(recorded in January 1965) in April 1965. Before that they recorded for Reprise records. The song initially did not chart but in the slipstream of the "I got you, babe" smash success it was rereleased and reached a respectable #20 on the US singles chart. The B-side of the record, "Sing, c'est la vie" did much better in other parts of the world (Australia and reaching number 1 in Belgium eventually).
The single Just You, taken from Sonny and Cher's hugely successful number 2 hit album Look At Us, reached the top twenty in their native America in 1965. In France it led to an early French language cover version by hit-singer Sheila who teamed up with the young male singer Akim to record "Pas sans moi" (French lyrics by – Claude Carrère and Vline Buggy). It was on an EP with the hit track "Devant le juke-box"("If I didn't have a dime").
Cher states in her autobiography that it is still one of her favorite tracks. The song is said to be similar to "Baby, I Love You" by The Ronettes. Just You became the duos third top twenty hit after "I Got You Babe" and ""Baby Don't Go.
In 1971, Tirso Cruz III duet with Nora Aunor on their duet album "Dream Come True" (under Vicor Records)

</doc>
<doc id="19238879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238879" title="HDGF">
HDGF

HDGF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19238885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238885" title="Kathy Tremblay">
Kathy Tremblay

Kathy Tremblay (born 16 June 1982 in Ste-Foy, Quebec) is a professional Canadian triathlete and member of the National Team.
Tremblay placed 29th in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Tremblay holds a degree in PR and Management "(Relations industrielles, relations publiques et création d'entreprises)." She lives in Montreal and is coached by her boyfriend David-James Taché.
Along with fellow Canadian triathlete Paula Findlay, Tremblay qualified for the triathlon event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
ITU Competitions.
In the eleven years from 2000 to 2010, Tremblay took part in 52 ITU competitions and achieved 20 top ten positions.
The list is based upon the official ITU rankings and the "Athlete's Profile Page."
Unless indicated otherwise, the following events are triathlons (Olympic Distance) and belong to the "Elite" category.

</doc>
<doc id="19238900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238900" title="Claude Kirkpatrick">
Claude Kirkpatrick

Claude Kirkpatrick (June 17, 1917—January 14, 1997) was a diversified businessman who served two terms in the Louisiana House of Representatives (1952—1960), worked to establish Toledo Bend Reservoir through his directorship of the state Department of Public Works (1960—1964), and was the administrator and then president of Baton Rouge General Medical Center (1967—1982). Kirkpatrick ran unsuccessfully for governor in the 1963 Democratic gubernatorial primary. In his later years, he built three shopping centers in Baton Rouge. He was also active in various state and national organizations of the Southern Baptist Convention.
Early years, education, family.
Kirkpatrick (who had no middle name) was born in Glenmora in south Rapides Parish, Louisiana, to Eugene Kirkpatrick (died 1956) and the former Arlie Gill (died 1981). The senior Kirkpatrick operated a sawmill in Glenmora and then, when Claude was six years of age, relocated to Lake Charles, the seat of Calcasieu Parish in southwestern Louisiana. He was a tie inspector servicing the Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas area for Southern Pacific Railroad. Claude attended public schools there and graduated in 1934 from Lake Charles High School.
He then enrolled at Baptist-affiliated Louisiana College in Pineville and in 1938 received a Bachelor of Arts degree in history. There, Kirkpatrick met his future wife, the former Edith Aurelia Killgore (born November 14, 1918) of Lisbon in Claiborne Parish in north Louisiana. They married in 1938 after both graduated from college.
Prior to and during World War II, Kirkpatrick worked in petroleum production in Sulphur in Calcasieu Parish. He twice volunteered for military service but was told to remain in an essential war-related industry. In 1945, the couple moved to Jennings, the seat of Jeff Davis Parish. There, they operated four businesses: a DeSoto-Plymouth automobile dealership, a lumber company, a trucking firm, and a sporting goods store. The Kirkpatricks had four children: Claude Kent Kirkpatrick (1942–1945), Thomas Killgore Kirkpatrick, I (August 19, 1944–October 13, 2009), Edith Kay Kirkpatrick (born 1946), and Charles Kris Kirkpatrick (born 1948). Both surviving children are attorneys in Baton Rouge.
Colonel Thomas Kilgore Kirkpatrick (son of Claude Kirkpatrick); an attorney who received a Juris Doctor degree from Louisiana State University, began a 30-year military service in 1969 as a private in the United States Army. He obtained a commission in the Judge Advocate General's Corps and served four years on active duty, having reached the rank of captain. He joined the Louisiana National Guard in 1975 and served as a military judge, state judge advocate, and retired commander of the 61st Troop Command. Kirkpatrick also served as general scounsel of the National Guard Association of the United States. His many military citations included Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal with two Bronze Oak Leaf clusters, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal with four Bronze Oak Leaf clusters, National Defense Service Medal with one Bronze service star, and the Vietnam Service Medal. After retiring from the private practice of law in Baton Rouge, Kirkpatrick assumed the director's position with the National Guard's Youth Challenge program. His final government service was as general counsel for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. Under Governor Kathleen Babineaux Blanco, he was named the state coordinating officer and alternate Governor's authorized representative for the relief of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Thomas Kirkpatrick, who died of cancer at the age of sixty-five, was married to the former Sandra Futrell of Pineville and was the father of two children, Thomas Kirkpatrick, II, and Mildred Kathleen Kirkpatrick. Sandra Kirkpatrick's father was P. Elmo Futrell, Jr., the mayor of Pineville in the early 1960s and a prominent Baptist layman.
Political activities.
In 1952, Kirkpatrick unseated State Representative Marion Vallee (1910–1997) of Jeff Davis Parish in the Democratic primary. He served his first term during the administration of Governor Robert F. Kennon, who in 1963 would be a gubernatorial opponent of Kirkpatrick. In 1956, he again defeated Vallee, who attempted a failed comeback bid. Kirkpatrick did not run for a third legislative term in 1960 and was succeeded by Norman L. Ordoneaux.
In the gubernatorial primaries held between December 1959 and January 1960, the Kirkpatricks worked actively in southwest Louisiana for former Governor Jimmie Davis, who defeated the mayor of New Orleans, deLesseps Story Morrison, Sr., in a hotly contested party runoff election. Davis asked Kirkpatrick to serve as his Director of Public Works to succeed Lorris M. Wimberly of Arcadia, the seat of Bienville Parish in north Louisiana, who had once been Speaker of the Louisiana House. As head of DPW, Kirkpatrick was also chairman of the Red River Authority and the Sabine River Authority. He worked with the State of Texas and without federal funds to establish the popular Toledo Bend Reservoir, a popular destination for fishing and boating on the Louisiana-Texas boundary. The project, which emphasizes conservation and stewardship of natural resources, was completed in 1966, two years after Kirkpatrick had left DPW. State Representative Cliff Ammons of Many, the seat of Sabine Parish, pushed to passage the bill to create Toledo Bend and the constitutional amendment to provide for its funding.
In the summer of 1960, Kirkpatrick was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles, which nominated the Kennedy-Johnson ticket, an easy winner of the ten electoral votes in Louisiana. Kirkpatrick was Democrat for the rest of his life even as his state developed a two-party system. Political records show that he donated in 1979 to the last campaign of U.S. Senator Russell B. Long of Louisiana.
In 1963, Kirkpatrick ran for governor as an "independent" within the Democratic primary, meaning that he was not affiliated with any particular faction of the party though he had been on close terms with outgoing Governor Davis. He polled only 28,578 votes (3.2 percent), seventh in a ten-candidate field. To head DPW, the new governor, John McKeithen, formerly a member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission, named Leon J. Gary, Sr., a former mayor of Houma, the seat of Terrebonne Parish
Later years and legacy.
Kirkpatrick left the political arena and became associated with Allied Chemical and Superior Oil companies. On August 14, 1967, the trustees of Baptist-affiliated Baton Rouge General Hospital named Kirkpatrick as hospital administrator. He was elevated to president of the hospital in 1970 and served in that capacity until 1981. Dr. Charles Prosser, a fellow hospital director and friend of Kirkpatrick's, recalled him as "a man of many talents and a most affable fellow who got things done by impressing people with their importance and worth. He . . . did a splendid job . . . and that says a lot about him as a person."
Similarly, Tom Sawyer, later the chief executive officer of the hospital, described Krkpatrick as "very compassionate a great empathy for people, and he really loved hispital work. . . . He viewed his job as more of a ministry than a job. That was the kind of outlook he had on things."
After leaving the hospital position, Kirkpatrick established three shopping centers in Baton Rouge: Delmont, Highland Road, and Drusilla. Over the years, Kirkpatrick was Southwest Louisiana vice president of the Calcasieu Area Boy Scouts. He was active in the United Way charitable fund, the Kiwanis Club, and the American Heart Association. He was a deacon in several Baptist churches for fifty-eight years, his last membership having been at First Baptist in Baton Rouge. He and Mrs. Kirkpatrick were active in all aspects of Baptist church governance and outreach. He was a past chairman and member of the Louisiana College board of directors. He served on the Foreign Mission Board of the Southern Baptist Convention Executive Board. In Baton Rouge, he was the first president of the Federation of Churches and Synagogues as well as a charter member there of the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews.
Mrs. Kirkpatrick studied for a time at the Juilliard School in New York City and much later obtained a master of arts degree in music from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. At times, she taught voice music at both LSU and McNeese State University in Lake Charles. At the invitation of Governor Edwin Washington Edwards, she served from 1977 to 1989 on the Louisiana Board of Regents, a panel created by the Louisiana State Constitution of 1974 to govern public higher education institutions.
During the 1963 gubernatorial campaign, Mrs. Kirkpatrick published a 38-page song book entitled "Louisiana Let's Sing", a collection of favorite songs ranging from "The Star-Spangled Banner" to "Jingle Bells" compiled especially for her husband.
Kirkpatrick died in the Baton Rouge General Hospital that he had once managed, having earlier underwent five heart bypasses. He is interred in Green Oaks Memorial Park in Baton Rouge. In addition to his wife and three living children, Kirkpatrick was survived by a brother, G. Truett Kirkpatrick (1921–2007) of Lake Charles, and five grandchildren. Another brother, Augustus C. Kirkpatrick (1914–1996) of Lake Charles was the former Calcasieu Parish assessor. After Kirkpatrick's death, Mrs. Kirkpatrick deposited her husband's papers on request at McNeese State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19238908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238908" title="Sultan bin Bajad Al-Otaibi">
Sultan bin Bajad Al-Otaibi

Sultan bin Bajad bin Hameed Al-Otaibi (Arabic: سلطان بن بجاد بن حميد العتيبي) was a leader of the Ikhwan movement in Saudi Arabia. This movement was the virtual army that supported King Abdul-Aziz to build his kingdom between 1910 and 1927. Along with his colleague and friend Faisal Al-Dawish, he led the Arab tribal forces in the occupation of Al-Hasa, Ha'il, Al-Baha, Jizan, Asir and Mecca and Jeddah. He was illiterate and very religious—strongly believing in Salafi principles. He fought the enemies of the Saudi kings, while considering them infidels and disbelievers.
After the occupation of Hijaz, King Abdul-Aziz and several of the Ikhwan leaders went into bloody clashes, as Abdul Aziz wanted to stop incursions outside of Arabia and concentrate on building the foundations of a modern state. Al-Otaibi and his associates considered this a sin and challenged the agreements, made by Ibn Saud with the British and neighbouring powers. Bin Bajad entered into an open rebellion against Ibn Saud's forces and continued opposing him even after the major defeat of the rebel Ikhwan in the Battle of Sabilla.
Death.
Sultan bin Bajad was eventually killed in Al Artaweeiyah in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19238922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238922" title="Tennis at the 2001 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 2001 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 2001 Summer Universiade in Beijing, China. Notable events include when Philipp Mukhmetov evacuated his bowels in the middle of the game and there was also a streaker with "Free Tibet" tattoed on his buttocks.
He was never seen again.

</doc>
<doc id="19238926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238926" title="Hana High and Elementary School">
Hana High and Elementary School

Hana High and Elementary School is a public school in Hana, Hawaii. It was established in 1912 and serves kindergarten through twelfth grade. 
The campus boasts an untitled 1977 copper and bronze sculpture by Bumpei Akaji.

</doc>
<doc id="19238933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238933" title="Halat al Bahrani">
Halat al Bahrani

Halat al Bahrani is a small island near Abu Dhabi.

</doc>
<doc id="19238945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238945" title="HAT-P-9">
HAT-P-9

HAT-P-9 is a magnitude 12 F star approximately 1560 light years away in the constellation Auriga. A search for a binary companion star using adaptive optics at the MMT Observatory was negative.
Planetary system.
An exoplanet orbiting the star, HAT-P-9b, was discovered by the transit method on June 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19238968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238968" title="International Harvester S-Series">
International Harvester S-Series

The International Harvester S-Series was a medium and heavy-duty truck line manufactured by International Harvester. "S-Series" was first used as a label for the 1956 and 1957 Light Line trucks, until replaced by the A-series for 1958. The S-series label was reintroduced in mid-1977 as a replacement for the International Harvester Fleetstar. In 1979, other versions of the S-Series were introduced to succeed the Loadstar-series. Like the Loadstar, the S-Series were straight trucks commonly used for local delivery; the versions replacing the Fleetstar were semi-tractors or severe-service straight trucks. Additionally, the S-Series (and its replacement, the 3800) proved popular in the school bus industry. The S-Series was the last product line designed from the ground up by International Harvester themselves; it was produced in its original form until the end of the 1980s. Production of the second-generation S-Series ended in 2001.
Design History.
The origins of the S-Series nameplate date to 1955, when International Harvester introduced a successor to the R-Series for the 1956 model year. This S-Series was available primarily as light-duty (pickup) and medium-duty trucks, as the R-series of heavier trucks continued largely unchanged. Nonetheless, the heaviest versions (like the S-1840) had gross vehicle weights of and 308 ci "Black Diamond" engines. Production of the light duty S-Series ended in 1957, when it was replaced by the A-series. As with its predecessor the R-series, the "S" also formed the basis of a full-size station wagon called the Travelall.
The S-184 heavy version was produced in Brazil by International's Brazilian subsidiary, until Chrysler bought it in 1966.
Reintroduction.
In April 1977, at the New Orleans Superdome, the all-new S-series medium-duty trucks were introduced. They would eventually replace the Loadstar and Fleetstar trucks, and had originally been intended to be marketed as the "Tristars" The heavier 2200, 2500, and 2600 models (28,000-45,000 lb GVW) were the first to hit the market, although lighter models (down to the 1600 series) followed in the summer of 1978. The six-wheeled versions of the "S" were called F-series.
In 1987, to reflect the corporate change from International Harvester to Navistar International, the S-Series received new badging. The IHC logo seen on the steering wheel was replaced by the Navistar diamond logo. On the outside, the International name was moved from the top to the bottom of the grille. Instead of matching the grille color, all S-Series trucks wore a red International badge.
1989 Facelift.
Most of the components were carried over into an updated line of medium duty trucks (the straight trucks were re-branded International 4000 Series, while the tractors became the International 8000 Series) with a redesigned hood and interior in 1989. These products underwent interior updates in 1992 and 1995, remaining in production until the end of the 2001 model year.

</doc>
<doc id="19238973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238973" title="Donor portrait">
Donor portrait

A donor portrait or votive portrait is a portrait in a larger painting or other work showing the person who commissioned and paid for the image, or a member of his, or (much more rarely) her, family. "Donor portrait" usually refers to the portrait or portraits of donors alone, as a section of a larger work, whereas "votive portrait" may often refer to a whole work of art, including for example a Madonna, especially if the donor is very prominent. The terms are not used very consistently by art historians, as Angela Marisol Roberts points out, and may also be used for smaller religious subjects that were probably made to be retained by the commissioner rather than donated to a church. 
Donor portraits are very common in religious works of art, especially paintings, of the Middle Ages and Renaissance, the donor usually shown kneeling to one side, in the foreground of the image. Often, even late into the Renaissance, the donor portraits, especially when of a whole family, will be at a much smaller scale than the principal figures, in defiance of linear perspective. By the mid-15th century donors began to be shown integrated into the main scene, as bystanders and even participants.
Placement.
The purpose of donor portraits was to memorialize the donor and his family, and especially to solicit prayers for them after their death. Gifts to the church of buildings, altarpieces, or large areas of stained glass were often accompanied by a bequest or condition that masses for the donor be said in perpetuity, and portraits of the persons concerned were thought to encourage prayers on their behalf during these, and at other times. Displaying portraits in a public place was also an expression of social status; donor portraits overlapped with tomb monuments in churches, the other main way of achieving these ends, although donor portraits had the advantage that the donor could see them displayed in his own lifetime. 
When a whole building was financed, a sculpture of the patron might be included on the facade or elsewhere in the building. Jan van Eyck's "Rolin Madonna" is a small painting where the donor Nicolas Rolin shares the painting space equally with the Madonna and Child, but Rolin had given great sums to his parish church, where it was hung, which is represented by the church above his praying hands in the townscape behind him. 
Sometimes, as in the Ghent Altarpiece, the donors were shown on the closed view of an altarpiece with movable wings, or on both the side panels, as in the Portinari Altarpiece and the Memlings above, or just on one side, as in the Merode Altarpiece. If they are on different sides, the males are normally on the left for the viewer, the honorific right-hand placement within the picture space. In family groups the figures are usually divided by gender. Groups of members of confraternities, sometimes with their wives, are also found. Additional family members, from births or marriages, might be added later, and deaths might be recorded by the addition of small crosses held in the clasped hands.
At least in Northern Italy, as well as the grand altarpieces and frescos by leading masters that attract most art-historical attention, there was a more numerous group of small frescoes with a single saint and donor on side-walls, that were liable to be re-painted as soon as the number of candles lit before them fell off, or a wealthy donor needed the space for a large fresco-cycle, as portrayed in a 15th-century tale from Italy:
""And going around with the master mason, examining which figures to leave and which to destroy, the priest spotted a Saint Anthony and said: 'Save this one.' Then he found a figure of Saint Sano and said: 'This one is to be gotten rid of, since as long as I have been the Priest here I have never seen anyone light a candle in front of it, nor has it ever seemed to me useful; therefore, mason, get rid of it.'”"
History.
Donor portraits have a continuous history from late antiquity, and the portrait in the 6th-century manuscript the Vienna Dioscurides may well reflect a long-established classical tradition, just as the author portraits found in the same manuscript are believed to do. A painting in the Catacombs of Commodilla of 528 shows a throned Virgin and Child flanked by two saints, with Turtura, a female donor, in front of the left hand saint, who has his hand on her shoulder; very similar compositions were being produced a millennium later. Another tradition which had pre-Christian precedent was royal or imperial images showing the ruler with a religious figure, usually Christ or the Virgin Mary in Christian examples, with the divine and royal figures shown communicating with each other in some way. Although none have survived, there is literary evidence of donor portraits in small chapels from the Early Christian period, probably continuing the traditions of pagan temples.
The 6th-century mosaic panels in the Basilica of San Vitale in Ravenna of the Emperor Justinian I and Empress Theodora with courtiers are not of the type showing the ruler receiving divine approval, but each show one of the imperial couple standing confidently with a group of attendants, looking out at the viewer. Their scale and composition are alone among large-scale survivals. Also in Ravenna, there is a small mosaic of Justinian, possibly originally of Theoderic the Great in the Basilica of Sant'Apollinare Nuovo. In the Early Middle Ages, a group of mosaic portraits in Rome of Popes who had commissioned the building or rebuilding of the churches containing them show standing figures holding models of the building, usually among a group of saints. Gradually these traditions worked their way down the social scale, especially in illuminated manuscripts, where they are often owner portraits, as the manuscripts were retained for use by the person commissioning them. For example a chapel at Mals in South Tyrol has two fresco donor figures from before 881, one lay and the other of a tonsured cleric holding a model building. In subsequent centuries bishops, abbots and other clergy were the donors most commonly shown, other than royalty, and they remained prominently represented in later periods. 
Donor portraits of noblemen and wealthy businessmen were becoming common in commissions by the 15th century, at the same time as the panel portrait was beginning to be commissioned by this class - though there are perhaps more donor portraits in larger works from churches surviving from before 1450 than panel portraits. A very common Netherlandish format from the mid-century was a small diptych with a Madonna and Child, usually on the left wing, and a "donor" on the right - the donor being here an owner, as these were normally intended to be kept in the subject's home. In these the portrait may adopt a praying pose, or may pose more like the subject in a purely secular portrait. The "Wilton Diptych" of Richard II of England was a forerunner of these. In some of these diptychs the portrait of the original owner has been over-painted with that of a later one.
A particular convention in illuminated manuscripts was the "presentation portrait", where the manuscript began with a figure, often kneeling, presenting the manuscript to its owner, or sometimes the owner commissioning the book. The person presenting might be a courtier making a gift to his prince, but is often the author or the scribe, in which cases the recipient had actually paid for the manuscript.
Iconography of painted donor figures.
During the Middle Ages the donor figures often were shown on a far smaller scale than the sacred figures; a change dated by Dirk Kocks to the 14th century, though earlier examples in manuscripts can be found. A later convention was for figures at about three-quarters of the size of the main ones. From the 15th century Early Netherlandish painters like Jan van Eyck integrated, with vaying degrees of subtlety, donor portraits into the space of the main scene of altarpieces, at the same scale as the main figures. 
A comparable style can be found in Florentine painting from the same date, as in Masaccio's "Holy Trinity" (1425–28) in Santa Maria Novella where, however, the donors are shown kneeling on a sill outside and below the main architectural setting. This innovation, however, did not appear in Venetian painting until the turn of the next century. Normally the main figures ignore the presence of the interlopers in narrative scenes, although bystanding saints may put a supportive hand on the shoulder in a side-panel. But in devotional subjects such as a Madonna and Child, which were more likely to have been intended for the donor's home, the main figures may look at or bless the donor, as in the Memling shown. 
Before the 15th century a physical likeness may not have often been attempted, or achieved; the individuals depicted may in any case often not have been available to the artist, or even alive. By the mid-15th century this was no longer the case, and donors of whom other likenesses survive can often be seen to be carefully portrayed, although, as in the Memling above, daughters in particular often appear as standardized beauties in the style of the day. 
In narrative scenes they began to be worked into the figures of the scene depicted, perhaps an innovation of Rogier van der Weyden, where they can often be distinguished by their expensive contemporary dress. In Florence, where there was already a tradition of including portraits of city notables in crowd scenes (mentioned by Leon Battista Alberti), the "Procession of the Magi" by Benozzo Gozzoli (1459–61), which admittedly was in the private chapel of the Palazzo Medici, is dominated by the glamorous procession containing more portraits of the Medici and their allies than can now be identified. By 1490, when the large Tornabuoni Chapel fresco cycle by Domenico Ghirlandaio was completed, family members and political allies of the Tornabuoni populate several scenes in considerable numbers, in addition to conventional kneeling portraits of Giovanni Tornabuoni and his wife. In an often-quoted passage, John Pope-Hennessy caricatured 16th-century Italian donors: 
In Italy donors, or owners, were rarely depicted as the major religious figures, but in the courts of Northern Europe there are several examples of this in the late 15th and early 16th centuries, mostly in small panels not for public viewing. The most notorious of these is the portrayal as the "Virgin lactans" (or just post-"lactans") of Agnès Sorel (died 1450), the mistress of Charles VII of France, in a panel by Jean Fouquet. 
Donor portraits in works for churches, and over-prominent heraldry, were disapproved of by clerical interpreters of the vague decrees on art of the Council of Trent, such as Saint Charles Borromeo, but survived well into the Baroque period, and developed a secular equivalent in history painting, although here it was often the principal figures who were given the features of the commissioner. A very late example of the old Netherlandish format of the triptych with the donors on the wing panels is Rubens' "Rockox Triptych" of 1613-15, once in a church over the tombstone of the donors and now in the Royal Museum of Fine Arts, Antwerp. The central panel shows the "Incredulity of Thomas" ("Doubting Thomas") and the work as a whole is ambiguous as to whether the donors are represented as occupying the same space as the sacred scene, with different indications in both directions.
A further secular development was the portrait historié, where groups of portrait sitters posed as historical or mythological figures. One of the most famous and striking groups of Baroque donor portraits are those of the male members of the Cornaro family, who sit in boxes as if at the theatre to either side of the sculpted altarpiece of Gian Lorenzo Bernini's "Ecstasy of St Theresa" (1652). These were derived from frescoes by Pellegrino Tibaldi a century early, which use the same conceit.
Although donor portraits have been relatively little studied as a distinct genre, there has been more interest in recent years, and a debate over their relationship, in Italy, to the rise of individualism with the Early Renaissance, and also over the changes in their iconography after the Black Death of the mid-14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19238990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238990" title="Tennis at the 2003 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 2003 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 2003 Summer Universiade in Daegu, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19238999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19238999" title="Kate Roberts (triathlete)">
Kate Roberts (triathlete)

Kate "Katie" Roberts (born 20 June 1983) is a South African triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Bloemfontein.
In 2008 she finished 32nd in the Olympic triathlon event.
In 2012 she finished 22nd in the Olympic triathlon event.

</doc>
<doc id="19239004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239004" title="Oliver Ormsby">
Oliver Ormsby

Oliver Ormsby was the son of John Ormsby. Mount Oliver, Pennsylvania is named for him. His son Oliver's residence, Ormsby Manor, included a private racetrack, and overlooked the Monongahela River.

</doc>
<doc id="19239010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239010" title="Amyloid purpura">
Amyloid purpura

Amyloid purpura is a condition marked by bleeding under the skin (purpura) in some individuals with amyloidosis. Its cause is unknown, but coagulation defects caused by amyloid are thought to contribute.
Cause.
The precise cause of amyloid purpura is unknown, but several mechanisms are thought to contribute. One may be a decrease in the level of circulating factor X, a clotting factor necessary for coagulation. The proposed mechanism for this decrease in factor X is that circulating amyloid fibrils bind and inactivate factor X. Another contributing factor may be enhanced fibrinolysis, the breakdown of clots. Subendothelial deposits of amyloid may weaken blood vessels and lead to the extravasation of blood. Amyloid deposits in the gastrointestinal tract and liver may also play a role in the development of amyloid purpura.
Distribution.
Amyloid purpura usually occurs above the nipple-line and is found in the webbing of the neck and in the face and eyelids.
Epidemiology.
Amyloid purpura affects a minority of individuals with amyloidosis. For example, purpura is present early in the disease in approximately 15% of patients with primary systemic amyloidosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19239012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239012" title="Crowell v. Benson">
Crowell v. Benson

Crowell v. Benson, 285 U.S. 22 (1932) is the first United States Supreme Court decision that approved the adjudication of private rights by an administrative agency, not an Article III court. The Court held that the United States Employees' Compensation Commission satisfied Fifth Amendment Due Process and the requirements of Article III with its court-like procedures and because it invests the final power of decision in Article III courts.
Decision of the Court.
Justice Hughes writing for the court reaffirmed the opinion of the lower courts. He stated the main question in the case to be "whether Congress may substitute for constitutional courts, in which the judicial power of the United States is vested, an administrative agency -- in this instance a single deputy commissioner -- for the final determination of the facts upon which the enforcement of the constitutional rights of the citizen depend." 
Dissenting Opinion.
Justice Brandeis argued that "o permit a content de novo in the district court of an issue tried, or triable, before the deputy commission will . . . gravely hamper the effective administration" of an Act.

</doc>
<doc id="19239016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239016" title="Lego.com">
Lego.com

Lego.com (officially referred to as LEGO.com) is the official website of the LEGO Group and Lego brand toys. The Lego website has developed over the years, and aims to provide many extra services for fans, as well as being simply a shop and product catalog. In 2011 Lego.com won the Webby Award for Best Welcome/Home Page.
History.
Lego.com began in 1996, as a small site with an online shop, one game, and pages about current products. A huge milestone came in 2001, when the moderated Lego.com Message Boards were introduced. In 2005, these Message Boards were updated and were given a new look. In 2007, the whole site was updated, giving the home page a new layout, and changing "Club" to "Play". Another large update came in May 2008, when My Lego Network was introduced. In 2009, the Lego Account became Lego ID. Soon the site was updated again in 2010 changing "Play to Games" and adding create and share to the front page. In 2012, the Lego.com Message Boards were updated again to the current version.
Products.
The Products page provides links to each of Lego's theme's web pages. The current Lego themes that are represented on the Lego.com products page are:
Lego Universe.
Lego Universe is a massively multiplayer online game developed by NetDevil. It was released in October 2010. Its release has been delayed from original estimates of 2009, late November 2008, and mid-2008. This is the first Lego computer game sold in which players can connect and play online. It closed on January 30, 2012 due to the lack of users in their target group
Play.
Play began as CLUB in the year 2001, with few games and the then small Message Boards. These Message Boards are fully moderated by real people. In 2005, they were updated, and in 2012, they were updated to the current form. In 2007, the name was changed to Play. There is also a Games section, a Downloads section, a Comics and Movies Section, and a Club Section containing news, movies, and building tips.
My Lego Network.
My Lego Network (often just abbreviated MLN) is a child-oriented social networking site that has replaced Lego Club pages. A member creates a public page with preset modules, customizing layout and colors. Some modules produce items, which can be sent to "Networkers" (Non-player characters) to move up in the ranks (0 - 10). The website also has a built in inbox that contains prewritten messages that can be sent to friends also on MLN as well as Networkers.
Ranks.
Each rank in My Lego Network has a specific Networker theme associated with it, as well as a final "Masterpiece" that allows players to move on to the next rank and befriend new Networkers. Ranks become progressively more challenging as players move on.
Networkers.
My Lego Network consists of many networkers each with their own purpose. There are different types of networkers.
Rank networkers.
This helps players advance through the ranks.
Mini rank networkers.
Help advance through mini ranks. For completing a mini rank players usually earn a badge.
Secret networkers.
Hidden networkers usually can help advance through the ranks easily. When befriended they do not show up on friend lists.
Formerly secret/other networkers.
Usually to do with mini ranks.
Shop.
The Lego Shop on the website is the official shop for Lego brand products. Users can buy Lego sets, as well as individual pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="19239056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239056" title="Absolutely (Story of a Girl)">
Absolutely (Story of a Girl)

"Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" is a song by American alternative rock group Nine Days. It was released in April 2000 as the lead single from their debut solo album "The Madding Crowd" (2000). The song entered the top ten on the majority of the charts it appeared on, including the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the U.S., where it reached number 6.
Background and writing.
While many believe the lyrics of "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" reflect Hampson's relationship with his girlfriend at the time, Hampson's lyrics portray his attitude that he does love her despite the fact that she is crying and looking sad. Hampson's relationships with people including himself had provided the inspiration for Nine Day's "The In Crowd" (2003), and while "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" presents an undying declaration of love between him and his girlfriend at the time. Hampson and his girlfriend supply the basis for the characters.
John Hampson started working on "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" after reading the Thomas Hardy novel Far from the Madding Crowd. In writing the song, John worked with fellow band member Brian Desveaux in Hampson’s apartment in Deer Park to co-write songs that ultimately appeared on "The Madding Crowd". John, Brian, and the rest of the members of Nine days recorded a demo of "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" at Sabella Studios in Rosyln, NY, in 1998. "After ‘Absolutely’ was written everything fell into place, creatively, and we recorded a three-song demo," Desveaux said.
Content.
The song's musical-style and production were heavily inspired by power pop from the 1970s, and its lyrics describe a man's declaration of love towards a girl who appears sad in photographs. "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)" received praise from power pop music critics, and the media have drawn parallels between the song's lyrical content and the romantic relationship that John Hampson had with his girlfriend.
Cover versions.
The song was covered by the band Four Year Strong for their cover album "Explains It All". Despite various online discussions and rumors, the song has never publicly been performed by neither 3 Doors Down nor Third Eye Blind, which can be seen by reviewing their respective discographies and concert set lists. The misconception that these bands were ever involved with this song was spread by a mislabeling of MP3 files in the early days of peer-to-peer file sharing. The misconception continues to this day, with many lyrics sites and videos displaying the incorrect artist name.

</doc>
<doc id="19239071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239071" title="Tennis at the 2005 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 2005 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 2005 Summer Universiade in Izmir, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19239087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239087" title="Primary systemic amyloidosis">
Primary systemic amyloidosis

Primary systemic amyloidosis (AL amyloidosis or just primary amyloidosis) is a disease that involves the mesenchymal tissue, the tongue, heart, gastrointestinal tract, and skin.

</doc>
<doc id="19239088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239088" title="Ringamåla cattle">
Ringamåla cattle

Ringamåla Cattle () is a breed of dairy cattle found primarily in southern Sweden.
The Ringamåla cattle are an old Swedish farm breed originating in the village of Ringamåla in the southern Swedish county of Blekinge. They are descended from Swedish Red Cattle and Ayrshire cattle.
Ringamåla cattle have been kept isolated from other dairy breeds for many years. Today, there are approximately 50 to 100 head of Ringamåla cattle and the small gene bank herds are strictly managed by the Peasant Cattle Society (Swedish: "Föreningen allmogekon")
The Ringamåla cattle's approximate live weight is between 750 and 500 kg. The cattle are most commonly reddish in color, but spotted individuals do occur.
Presently, a small number of Ringamåla Cattle are kept at pasture at the Bokö Nature Reserve in the Östergötland archipelago with the endangered Roslag sheep.

</doc>
<doc id="19239131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239131" title="Kau High and Pahala Elementary School">
Kau High and Pahala Elementary School

Ka'u High & Pahala Elementary School is a public, co-educational high school, middle school and elementary school of the Hawaii State Department of Education. It serves grades kindergarten through twelve and was established in 1881. It was the first high school established on the Big Island and third high school established in the State after Lahainaluna High School on Maui and President William McKinley High School, formerly Honolulu High School on Oahu. The high school was established due to the Ka'u Sugar Company opening, which employed a high number of immigrants who wanted their children to get a high school education, and at the time was one of the largest sugar plantations in the state along with being the most remote. Honokaa High & Intermediate School was established on the north end of the island 8 years later for the same reasons.
General information.
Ka'u High & Pahala Elementary School is located in Pahala in Hawaii County on the Island of Hawaii. The campus is located at 96-3150 Pikake Street. The school's only feeder school is Naalehu Elementary and Intermediate School. The mascot is the Trojans and its school colors are maroon and white.
Alma Mater.
Heres to thee <br>
Whos name we'll ever<br>
Cherish in our song<br>
Honor love and true devotion<br>
All to thee belong<br>
Ka'u High School Alma Matter<br>
True to thee we'll stand<br>
You're the pride of our Hawaii!<br>
Our Hawaii Nei!
History.
Pahala High & Elementary School was started in 1881 for students from the rural Pahala Sugar Community. The high school was established along with a middle school and an elementary school. The Original buildings on campus are still in use including the main high school building, two other high school buildings, the gymnasium, the elementary school buildings and cafeteria. The H building and the G building are the original school buildings, dating back to 1881. In 1940, the school was renamed Ka'u High and Pahala Elementary School due to the drop in enrollment at Naalehu, which once had a high school. Ka'u High & Pahala Elementary School has one feeder school, Naalehu Elementary and Intermediate School, located in Naalehu, Hawaii, which is 13 miles south.
In 1881, the H and G buildings were built on campus. In 1909, the gymnasium and both elementary school buildings were constructed just south of the H and G buildings. A year later the main high school/administration building was completed along with a new athletic field in front of the school. A pool was constructed adjacent to the gymnasium in 1968. No new buildings were built on the campus until 1977, when the M building was completed. In 1980, a new Physical Education building with locker rooms (N building), along with a new lighted athletic field was constructed. In 1982 the Agriculture building (I building) was completed. In 1991, the Industrial Arts building (Q building) was completed. The last building constructed is the F building, which was completed in 1999.
The school remains rural, with a student body of around 800.
The State of Hawaii recently (2012) began construction on a $17 million 35,000 ft², Ka'u Shelter and Gymnasium, on the grounds of Ka'u Highs former athletics field fronting the main High School building. The new gymnasium will seat 700, and serve as both a High School/community sports facility and a disaster shelter, during earthquakes, tsunamis, or intensive vog levels.
Notable Achievements.
Ka'u High Schools ensemble group, "One Journey", is noted for participating in and winning the 2011 "Brown Bags to Stardom" competition hosted by Oc16 television, on Oahu. Faced up against large, 5,000 student schools, the small community of Ka'u (of a little over 6,000), tremendous supporters and a great group was able to pull the group to first place out of countless larger schools.
Dress Code.
Ka'u High School, Ka'u Intermediate, and Pahala Elementary, employs a 'uniform' dress-code. In the elementary and intermediate schools, the uniform utilizes a heather grey t-shrt with a maroon and white "Ka'u" logo on the front and smaller Hawaii island with a trojan head on the back. A variation of this design in either black, or maroon t's is available for the intermediate, both black and maroon colors are also available as longsleeves.
High school dress, employs a black or white t-shirt with a 'tribal' designed "Ka'u" going down the side of the front of the t. This is also available in a long sleeve variation.
Commencement.
Ka'u High & Pahala Elementary School's commencement exercises are normally held during the first week of June

</doc>
<doc id="19239149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239149" title="Battle of Kotesashi">
Battle of Kotesashi

The Battle of Kotesashi refers to two separate battles in 14th century Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19239156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239156" title="Tennis at the 2007 Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the 2007 Summer Universiade

Tennis events were contested at the 2007 Summer Universiade in Bangkok, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="19239173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239173" title="Battle of Kotesashi (1333)">
Battle of Kotesashi (1333)

The was part of the decisive Kōzuke-Musashi Campaign during the Genkō War in Japan that ultimately ended the Kamakura Shogunate. Fought in present day Tokorozawa on May 11, 1333, it pitted the anti-shogunate imperial forces led by Nitta Yoshisada against the forces of the Hōjō Shogun. The next day (May 12), the forces again engaged each other in the Battle of Kumegawa. The result of these two days was a victory for the Imperial forces who in less than one week marched 50 kilometers south and finally defeated the Shogun's forces during the Siege of Kamakura.
The battle.
On May 11, opposing forces were drawn up on opposite sides of the Iruma River. In the morning of the May 11, the Imperial forces crossed the river and opened their attack with an archery barrage. The Shogunate forces responded in kind. This was followed by both sides sending in their mounted warriors in multiple waves throughout the day.
Results.
The results were indecisive with both forces drawing away at the day's end to set up camp and rest. The losses on both sides appear to be modest with a slight advantage to the Imperial forces. It was apparent to both sides that the battle would continue the next day. The Imperial forces camped by the Iruma River and forces of the Shogun some 5 kilometers away at the Kume River.
Aftermath.
The Battle of Kotesashi was immediately followed on the next day by the Battle of Kumegawa.

</doc>
<doc id="19239180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239180" title="Cain (band)">
Cain (band)

Cain is an Italian black metal band formed by ex members of VII Arcano and Theatres des Vampires. Their music is a raw, thrash influenced black metal with a simple Oi!-influenced musical structure. Their lyrics, written by M. Pelle Curse, deals with the glory of ancient Rome and some far right political themes.

</doc>
<doc id="19239220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239220" title="Scantegrity">
Scantegrity

Scantegrity is a security enhancement for optical scan voting systems, providing such systems with end-to-end (E2E) verifiability of election results. It uses confirmation codes to allow a voter to prove to themselves that their ballot is included unmodified in the final tally. The codes are privacy-preserving and offer no proof of which candidate a voter voted for. Receipts can be safely shown without compromising ballot secrecy.
"Scantegrity II" prints the confirmation codes in invisible ink to improve usability and dispute resolution. As the system relies on cryptographic techniques, the ability to validate an election outcome is both software independent as well as independent of faults in the physical chain-of-custody of the paper ballots. The system was developed by a team of researchers including cryptographers David Chaum and Ron Rivest.
Advantages.
Optical scan voting systems produce an electronic tally, while maintaining the original paper ballots which can be rescanned or manually hand-counted to provide an ostensibly corroborative tally. However, the correctness of each of these tallies requires the voter to either trust that the software is error-free and has not been hacked, or that the physical chain-of-custody of the ballots has not been broken at any point. Other E2E voting systems such as Punchscan and ThreeBallot, address these issues but require existing polling place equipment and procedures to be greatly altered or replaced. In contrast, Scantegrity is an add-on meant to be used in conjunction with existing optical scan equipment, thereby requiring fewer hardware and software and procedural modifications.
For all other voters, the ballot marking procedure is essentially identical to conventional optical scan paper-ballots. Similarly, the underlying system still produces both an electronic tally as well as a human readable paper trail through which manual recounts can still be conducted. 
Method.
The Scantegrity II voting procedure is similar to that of a traditional optical scan voting system, except that each voting response location contains a random confirmation code printed in invisible ink. The voter marks the location using a specially provided "decoder" pen, which activates the invisible ink causing it to darken, revealing a confirmation code. 
Voters wishing to verify that their vote is unmodified may write down the confirmation codes for each race on a detachable chit that contains the ballot's serial number. Otherwise, the voter can simply ignore the code and continue to mark and cast their ballot as normal.
The confirmation codes are randomly assigned to the ballots, allowing voters to freely share their codes while keeping their votes secret. The codes are also pre-committed to a committee of mutually-distrustful entities (such as representatives of each political party) so that the confirmation codes cannot be changed or misprinted without detection. Voters may request additional ballots to audit—they ensure the ballots are properly printed by revealing all the codes and comparing these to the codes committed to.
Checking.
After the election is finished, the election authority publicly posts a list of confirmation codes for the positions marked on each ballot it received. Voters who wrote down their codes can verify that the codes are correct for their ballot number and that no codes were added or removed. If the posted record is incorrect, the voter may file a dispute. Spurious disputes can be excluded from consideration by comparing the claimed codes to the set of possible codes for a given contest on a ballot—the probability of randomly guessing a code that actually appeared on the ballot is low.
Verification.
After the election, the trustees generate an independent tally from the voter-verifiable list of ballots and confirmation codes. Since the link between a confirmation code and the candidate voted for must remain secret, the tally is generated using an anonymity-preserving backend. Many such backends have been proposed for tallying votes, including the ones used by Punchscan and Prêt à Voter. Steps in the tally can be recalculated by anyone to ensure its correctness. For this reason, the system is more accurately described as mathematical voting than electronic voting. The security of the system does not require any software to operate correctly, only that the mathematical operations are independently corroborated by all interested parties.
Use in public elections.
The city of Takoma Park, Maryland used Scantegrity II for its November, 2009 election.
Scantegrity was used again in Takoma Park for its November, 2011 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19239273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239273" title="Holešovice">
Holešovice

Holešovice () is a suburb in the north of Prague situated on a meander of the river Vltava, which makes up the main part of the district Prague 7 (an insignificant part belongs to Prague 1). In the past it was a heavily industrial suburb; today it is home to the main site of the Prague's National Gallery, the "Veletržní palác", and one of the largest railway stations in Prague, Nádraží Holešovice. On the Strossmayer square lies neo-Gothic Church of St. Anthony of Padua.

</doc>
<doc id="19239275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239275" title="Derby shoe">
Derby shoe

A Derby (pronounced or in North American English ) shoe (also called Gibson) is a style of Men's shoe characterized by shoelace eyelet tabs that are sewn on top of a single-piece vamp. This construction method, also known as "open lacing", contrasts with that of the Oxfords.
In American English the Derby shoe may be referred to as a Blucher.
In modern colloquial English, the Derby shoe may be referred to as "bucks," when the upper is made of buckskin.
The Derby became a popular sporting and hunting boot in the 1850s. By the turn of the 20th century, the Derby had become appropriate for wear in town.

</doc>
<doc id="19239289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239289" title="Mari Rabie">
Mari Rabie

Mari Rabie (born 10 September 1986) is a South African triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2006 Commonwealth Games. 
Rabie is also a Rhodes-Scholar elect of 2010. She graduated with a Masters in Applied Statistics from St Catherine's College Oxford in 2011.She started reading for her MBA at Oxford University in 2012 at Exeter College. She has completed her degree in Actuarial Science at the University of Stellenbosch in 2009 and attended Bloemhof Girls' High School in Stellenbosch. She wishes to pursue a career as an actuary once her triathlon career is over.
In 2008 she finished 43rd in the Olympic triathlon event after suffering severe technical problems with her bike. She described Beijing as her "Greatest disappointment ever", only once returning to International Competition with a 4th place in 2010, due to injury Rabie has not raced since June 2010.
Rabie returned to racing briefly between her two Oxford degrees with a 3rd place finish at the World Xterra Championships in Maui, Hawaii in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19239310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239310" title="Salina-Gunnison Airport">
Salina-Gunnison Airport

Salina-Gunnison Airport is a public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) northeast of the central business district of Salina, a city in Sevier County, Utah, United States. It is owned by the cities of Salina and Gunnison.
Facilities and aircraft.
Salina-Gunnison Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 5,159 feet (1,572 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 2/20 which measures 3,855 by 60 feet (1,175 x 18 m). For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2007, the airport had 2,052 aircraft operations, all of which were general aviation. At that time, there were 7 aircraft based at the airport, all single-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19239340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239340" title="Springfield Cubs">
Springfield Cubs

The Springfield Cubs, based in Springfield, Massachusetts, was an American minor league baseball franchise that served as a farm club of the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball from 1948–1953. It was a member of the Class B New England League in 1948–1949, and the Triple-A International League from 1950–1953, and played at Pynchon Park.
Although the NEL Springfield franchise had mediocre won-loss records in 1948 and 1949, the team finished second in attendance in 1948 and led the New England League in its final season of operation (1949), drawing over 102,000 fans. After the NEL folded in the autumn of 1949, Springfield received a franchise in the International League when the Newark Bears transferred there for 1950. However, the Bears' parent team, the New York Yankees, did not follow, and Springfield retained its Cubs affiliation. It became Chicago's second Triple-A team, along with the Los Angeles Angels, the Cubbies' longtime franchise in the Pacific Coast League. Springfield's first Triple-A manager was Chicago favorite Smilin' Stan Hack.
The Triple-A Springfield franchise drew over 200,000 fans in its maiden season, and just missed the playoffs, finishing fifth in the eight-team International League. Future MLB third baseman Randy Jackson won rookie of the year honors. But that first season could not be duplicated, on or off the field. The Cubs did not have enough depth to field two strong Triple-A clubs, and the 1951–1953 Springfield Cubs placed last in the IL and last, or next to last, in attendance. The franchise folded and was replaced by the Havana Sugar Kings in the 1954 IL lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="19239357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239357" title="Laupahoehoe High and Elementary School">
Laupahoehoe High and Elementary School

Laupāhoehoe High & Elementary School is a public, co-educational high school, middle school and elementary school of the Hawaii State Department of Education. It serves grades kindergarten through twelve and was established in 1904.
General information.
Laupāhoehoe High & Elementary School is located in Laupāhoehoe, Hawaii in Hawaii County on the Island of Hawaii. The campus is on Mamalahoa Highway and overlooks the ocean. Laupahoehoe has no feeder schools. The mascot is the Seasider and its school colors are blue and gold.
History.
Laupahoehoe School was started in 1904 for students from the Hamakua Coastal Sugar Cane Communities and fishing communities. The high school was established in the 1930s. 
The school, originally was located on Laupahoehoe peninsula, but was destroyed by the April Fools' Day tsunami on April 1, 1946. Due to the tsunami, the old school building at Laupāhoehoe was inundated, and twenty students and four teachers drowned. A monument to the dead now stands on Laupāhoehoe Point. In 1948, a new campus was built at its present location.
Commencement.
Laupahoehoe High & Elementary School's commencement exercises are normally held during the first week of June.

</doc>
<doc id="19239374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239374" title="Joe Grzenda">
Joe Grzenda

Joseph Charles Grzenda (born June 8, 1937) is a retired Major League baseball pitcher. He pitched for six different teams in eight seasons during a career that spanned from 1961 to 1972.
Grzenda pitched in 219 Major League games, all but three games as a relief pitcher. His best season statistics-wise was in 1971 for the Washington Senators, when he earned five victories with an excellent 1.92 E.R.A.. On September 30, 1971, he would become the last pitcher in the team's history, getting two outs in the top of the ninth inning before fans, knowing the team would be leaving for Dallas-Fort Worth after the season, stormed the RFK Stadium field, causing a forfeit; 34 years later, when baseball returned to the nation's capital, Grzenda appeared on the field at RFK before the Washington Nationals's first home game, handing George W. Bush the ball he would use to throw out the first pitch.
As a fielder he was charged with no errors during his 8-year career for a perfect 1.000 fielding percentage. In 1969 he made an appearance in the ALCS for the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="19239383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239383" title="Mike Hartline">
Mike Hartline

Mike Hartline (born June 13, 1988) is a free agent American football quarterback. He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He was signed by the New England Patriots in January 2012, but released in May 2012. He played college football at Kentucky.
Early years.
Hartline was born in suburban Canton, Ohio. Both he and his older brother Brian Hartline, who is a wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins, played football at GlenOak High School in Canton.
While a sophomore at GlenOak High School, Mike became the starting quarterback for the team when his brother Brian moved from quarterback to wide receiver. Mike started at quarterback his last two years in high school, attracting the attention of college scouts. In addition to Kentucky, he also expressed an interest in Ohio State (where his brother played) and Wisconsin.
College career.
Hartline signed with the Wildcats and redshirted in 2006. He saw limited action in 2007, backing up starting quarterback André Woodson. Hartline won the starting quarterback job in 2008 following Woodson's graduation, although later in the season he shared quarterback duties with freshman Randall Cobb. He stands 6 feet 6 inches tall and weighs 206 pounds.
On September 15, 2008, Hartline was chosen as the SEC Offensive Player of the Week. In Kentucky's game against Middle Tennessee State University on September 13, Hartline completed 28 of 47 passes for 254 yards with two touchdowns and no interceptions. On January 2, 2009, Hartline led the Wildcats to a victory over East Carolina in the Liberty Bowl, taking all snaps at quarterback due to an injury to Cobb, retaining his starting quarterback role for the Wildcats.
In the 2008 season, Hartline completed 172 of 311 passes for 1,666 yards. He threw nine touchdown passes versus eight interceptions, completed 55.3% of his pass attempts and had a quarterback rating of 104.7. 
He completed 32-of-42 passes for 4 touchdowns and 349 yards during a win against the University of South Carolina in October 2010, rallying the team from a 28-10 halftime deficit. He was named the National Performer of the Week and National Quarterback of the Week for his efforts.
Professional career.
Indianapolis Colts.
Hartline was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent following the 2011 NFL Draft on July 26, 2011. He was waived on August 28.
New England Patriots.
On January 12, 2012, the Patriots signed Hartline for the 2012 season. The Patriots announced his release on May 15, 2012.
Personal.
Hartline was arrested early Friday morning on December 10, 2010. He was charged with alcohol intoxication and disorderly conduct. He was suspended from the BBVA Compass Bowl (against the University of Pittsburgh), which his team lost 27-10.

</doc>
<doc id="19239392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239392" title="HHAT">
HHAT

HHAT (hedgehog acyltransferase) also known as HHAT is a human gene.
The HHAT gene encodes an enzyme that catalyzes N-terminal palmitoylation of sonic hedgehog. Mutations in HHAT produce a phenotype that is similar to loss of hedgehog function. Finally the HHAT protein shares a short but significant sequence similarity to membrane-bound O-acyltransferases.

</doc>
<doc id="19239440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239440" title="Wilson Middle School">
Wilson Middle School

Wilson Middle School is a public secondary school serving grades seven through eight. It is part of the Hamilton City School District and is located at 714 Eaton Avenue in Hamilton, Ohio. The principal, as of 2012, is Sheryl Burk.
External Links.
http://hamiltoncityschools.com/wilson/

</doc>
<doc id="19239455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239455" title="Pahoa High and Intermediate School">
Pahoa High and Intermediate School

Pahoa High & Intermediate School is a public, co-educational high school and middle school of the Hawaii State Department of Education. It serves grades seven through twelve and was established in 1910.
General information.
Pahoa High & Intermediate School is located in Pahoa in Hawaii County on the Island of Hawaii. The campus is located at 15-3038 Puna Road, across the street from Pahoa Elementary School, one of its feeder schools. The other is Keonepoko Elementary School. The mascot is the Daggers and its school colors are green and white.
History.
Pahoa School was started in 1910 for students from the rural Puna District Communities. The high school was established along with a middle school and an elementary school. The Original buildings on campus are still in use including the front High School building, the gymnasium and two of the elementary school buildings. At one time, Pahoa High & Intermediate School had five feeder schools, with students being bussed in as far away as Volcano, 35 miles away. 
The original main elementary school building was torn down in 1979 and a new two story building and portable classes replaced it. At the same time on the High School and Intermediate School campus, a new parking lot adjacent to the gymnasium, a three story classroom building, a two story building and six new one story buildings were constructed. The following year, another two story building along with a new cafeteria, a track and football field, basketball/tennis courts and a baseball/softball field were added on the High School side. In 1981 a 45 space parking lot was constructed behind the Intermediate School along with a few portable classrooms.
The school significantly grew over the years, especially in the late 1970s when the rural Puna district was sectioned off into subdivisions after the Sugar industry went under. Pahoa High & Intermediate School doubled in size during this period, and many new buildings were built on the campus. In 1999, Keaau High School was constructed ten miles away to relieve Pahoa High & Intermediate Schools overcrowded 2,500 student body, virtually downsizing it in half. Pahoa High & Intermediate School's rival then also became Keaau High School. In 2011, a new gymnasium will open on the South end of the campus, adjacent to the athletic fields. Talks of installing a new all-weather rubber track (similar to the one at Waiakea High School) are also in the works.
Commencement.
Pahoa High & Intermediate School's commencement exercises are normally held during the first week of June

</doc>
<doc id="19239519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239519" title="Dicen Que El Tiempo">
Dicen Que El Tiempo

Dicen Que El Tiempo is a 2007 Grammy Award nominated album and fourth musical production by Jennifer Peña released on February 27, 2007 by Univision Music Group. "Dicen Que El Tiempo" was a departure from Peña's previous albums which included material written and produced by AB Quintanilla III, Rudy Pérez and Kike Santander who wrote previous hits like "El Dolor De Tu Presencia" and "Hasta El Fin Del Mundo". Peña served as a lead producer with shared credits for songwriting and musical production with Obie Bermúdez and Sebastian Krys. 
In support of the album, MTVTr3s selected Peña as the Artist of The Month on February 7, 2007 with multiple TV slots which included co-hosting Mi-TRL and Los Hits and a special Jennifer Peña week. While co-hosting Mi-TRL Peña premiered the album's lead single "Cómo Entender" in a live performance. The album and the first single received minimal reception on radio and on the charts the album debuted at #16 on "Billboard"s Top Latin Albums chart and the single peaked at #23 on Top Latin Tracks chart. A promotional tour kept Peña in the United States and Puerto Rico where the album was released. "Tuya" was the album's most successful single reaching the #5 position on "Billboard"s Top Latin Tracks. Sales stalled at 100,000 copies and the album is currently out of print. With "Dice Que El Tiempo" Peña received her third Grammy Nomination for Best Latin Pop Album. Her previous nominations were in the Mexican-American category for her albums "Abrasame Y Besame" and "Libre". 

</doc>
<doc id="19239534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239534" title="Ryan Runciman">
Ryan Runciman

Ryan Runciman (born 22 November 1982) is a New Zealand voice and television actor. Although best known for his role in the longrunning teen drama science fiction series "The Tribe", he has appeared on other children's television series including "The Enid Blyton Adventure Series", "Mirror, Mirror II" and William Shatner's "A Twist in the Tale". Runciman has also guest starred on the fantasy-adventure series "Dark Knight" and "Revelations".
Biography.
The youngest of four children, Runciman was born in Upper Hutt, New Zealand. He began appearing in commercials at the age of 5 and eventually became involved in film and television work while attending St. Patrick's College. A trained singer and tap dancer, he also performed voice over and still photographic work. In 1996, he received his television acting debut appearing in a minor role on the television adaptation of "The Ship of Adventure" as part of the "The Enid Blyton Adventure Series" and "Mirror, Mirror II" a year later. He also landed the starring role in "The Duellists", the fifth episode of William Shatner's "A Twist in the Tale", with fellow Tribe co-star Victoria Spence.
In early-1999, Runciman was cast as a supporting character in the teen drama science-fiction series "The Tribe". Initially introduced as the right hand man of Lex, an early antagonist of the series played by Caleb Ross, his portrayal of "Ryan" as a trusting and good natured, yet naive socially awkward adolescent, proved a popular character in the series. His character eventually became more prominently featured in the show's second and third seasons, most notably, his relationship with Victoria Spence's character Salene. He remained in the series until early-2001 when he decided to continue his education at Victoria University of Wellington as well as other commitments. Michelle Ang, another Tribe cast member, also chose to study at the university during this time. Although plans had been discussed for the possibility of bringing back Runciman during the show's sixth season, the series was canceled before going into production.
Following the series cancellation, Runciman had guest appearances in "Dark Knight" and, along with another Tribe co-star Jacinta Wawatai, in "Revelations" during 2002. In November 2004, he completed a training program to become a certified public accountant. After returning from a three-month tour of nine different countries, he started work in a KPMG firm early the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="19239595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239595" title="Laurie Gray (pageant contestant)">
Laurie Gray (pageant contestant)

Laurie Gray is one of only a few Harvard graduates to compete in Miss America, appearing in 2004. She represented Rhode Island, and was the first Miss Rhode Island to finish in the top 10 in Miss America since the 1950s. She has demonstrated her skills, winning the talent competition in Miss America, and finishing with highest honors at Harvard (undergrad), and finishing with honors from the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. She was later chief resident for the University of Pennsylvania Health System.

</doc>
<doc id="19239624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239624" title="LS Records">
LS Records

LS Records is an American record label. It was founded by Lee Stoller in 1972. 
LS Records was best known for bringing Stoller's wife, Cristy Lane (an American country-gospel music singer) to fame in the late 70s. LS released Lane's first singles in 1976, and her first charting singles, "Trying to Forget About You" and "Sweet Deceiver" in 1977. When Lane had her first Top 10 hit with "Let Me Down Easy" the same year, LS released her 1978 debut album, "Cristy Lane is the Name," and her 1979 album, "Love Lies." However, also in 1979, Lane gained a major label recording contract with United Artists Records after having a string of Top 10 and 20 hit singles between 1977 and 1979. However, LS did release Lane's "One Day at a Time" album in 1981, which was promoted on television. 
After departing United Artists (it changed to Liberty Records in 1980), LS released Lan'e two studio albums in 1985 and 1986. In the past twenty years, LS has released over a dozen compilation albums of Lane's hits, and some Gospel and country music covers.

</doc>
<doc id="19239666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239666" title="Frederick Ferdinand, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen">
Frederick Ferdinand, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen

Frederick Ferdinand of Anhalt-Köthen (25 June 1769, Pless – 23 August 1830, Köthen) was a German prince, Ascanian ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Pless and, from 1818, of the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen. He was the second son of Frederick Erdmann, Prince of Anhalt-Pless, and his wife, Louise Ferdinande, daughter of Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg-Wernigerode.
Life.
In 1786 he joined the Prussian army, where he obtained the rank of "Generalmajor". From 1792 to 1794, he fought in military campaigns on the Rhine.
After the death of his father and his mentally retarded older brother's renunciation of succession rights (1797), Frederick Ferdinand inherited the non-sovereign Prussian state country of Pless, but in 1803 he returned to the Prussian army.
In Lindenau bei Heiligenbeil on 20 August 1803 Frederick Ferdinand married Princess Maria Dorothea Henriette "Louise" of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck (28 September 1783, Lindenau24 November 1803, Pless), daughter of Friedrich Karl Ludwig, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck, and by birth a princess of Denmark as a descendant in the male line of King Christian III. The union lasted only three months until Louise's death.
After the Battle of Jena, he commanded his own regiment at Zehdenick near the enemy lines, but was forced to withdraw to Bohemia in order to ensure the disarmament of the Austrians. Soon afterwards he retired from the military and made a trip to the Netherlands and France before his return to Pless. During the War of the Sixth Coalition in 1813, he was Commander of the Silesian countryside.
In Berlin on 20 May 1816 Frederick Ferdinand was married for a second time to Countess Julie of Brandenburg (4 January 1793, Neuchâtel29 January 1848, Vienna), illegitimate daughter of King Frederick William II of Prussia (by Countess Sophie von Dönhoff, his morganatic wife). This marriage too was childless.
When the young Duke Louis Augustus died without direct heirs in 1818, Frederick Ferdinand, as his closest male relative, succeeded him in the sovereign duchy. Shortly after, he ceded Pless to his brother Henry.
During a trip to Paris in 1825, Frederick Ferdinand and his wife converted to Catholicism. His attempts to convert Köthen to the Catholic faith encountered stiff resistance. The duke chose as confessor the Belgian Jesuit Peter Jan Beckx.
In Grimschleben near Nienburg he brought in the classicist architect Gottfried Bandhauer to realize some remodeling of his palace. By 1828 he founded a colony in southern Ukraine called "Askania-Nova" (New Ascania), located in the steppes of Tauri, in the northern peninsula of Crimea.
Under his government, Bandhauer also built (between 1823 and 1828) the "Ferdinandsbau" in Schloss Köthen, the monastery and hospital of the Brothers of Mercy () in 1829, and the Catholic Church of St. Mary ("Kirche St. Maria") in 1830, in the crypt of which Frederick Ferdinand was buried shortly thereafter.
On his death without issue in 1830, Frederick Ferdinand was succeeded by his brother Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="19239668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239668" title="Pyrrolizidine">
Pyrrolizidine

Pyrrolizidine is a heterocyclic organic compound that forms the central chemical structure of a variety of alkaloids known collectively as pyrrolizidine alkaloids.
It is a hepatotoxin.

</doc>
<doc id="19239775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239775" title="Jean-Georges Garneau">
Jean-Georges Garneau

Jean-Georges Garneau (19 November 1864 – 5 February 1944) was a Canadian politician, the mayor of Quebec City from 1906 to 1910.
Sir Georges Garneau was a railroad engineer involved in the construction of track between Lac Saint-Jean and Quebec City. In 1904, he became an analytical chemistry professor at Université Laval, before becoming Quebec City's mayor in 1906. From 1908 to 1939, he served as the first president of the National Battlefields Commission, which manages the Plains of Abraham site in Quebec City.

</doc>
<doc id="19239781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239781" title="Caraquet Bay">
Caraquet Bay

Caraquet Bay is situated in the northeast of the Canadian province of New Brunswick. It is bordered on the south by the town of Caraquet and the village of Bertrand, to the south by the parish of New Bandon, to the north by the village of Maisonnette and to the northwest by the Baie des Chaleurs. Caraquet Island is located between the two bays. There are a number of beaches on the bay, as well as oyster farms and the port of Caraquet. Caraquet Bay flows into the Caraquet River and the Du Nord River
There are two theories about the origin of the bay's name. Either Caraquet is a word in the Mi'kmaq language meaning "where two rivers meet", or it comes from a type of ship, the carrack. Governor Nicolas Denys was the first to mention Caraquet, in 1672.

</doc>
<doc id="19239818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239818" title="Iran–Senegal relations">
Iran–Senegal relations

Iran–Senegal relations refer to the historical and current bilateral relationship between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Senegal. On 23 February 2011, Senegal severed diplomatic relations with Iran.
State visits.
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his Senegalese counterpart Abdoulaye Wade had a joint press conference along with a close meeting in February 2008 in the city of Mashhad, both side pledged to expand the bilateral ties in the fields of economy, tourism and politics in addition to increase the efforts for empowering the OIC.
Economic ties.
Also the giant Iran-based automaker Iran Khodro established an assembly line to produce Iranian cars in Senegal and dispatch them to the African markets directly from Dakar. This Iranian-Senegalese company has the capacity to produce 10,000 Samand cars annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19239822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239822" title="Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: "Akademija nauka i umjetnosti Bosne i Hercegovine" Cyrillic: Академија Наука и Умјетности Босне и Херцеговине) is the national academy of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
History.
The Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina arose out of the Scientific Society, founded in 1951, by the decision of the Assembly of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the highest state authority in the country, on the formation of the Scientific Society of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Scientific Society continued to operate as the highest-level institution concerned with science until the Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina passed a Law on the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1966. The Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina is charged, pursuant to this Law, with responsibility for the overall development of science and the arts, with organizing scientific research and arts-related events, with publishing papers written by its members and associates, and in general with the state of science and the arts and their development in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Academy is a wholly independent body, governed solely by the principles and interests of science and the independent convictions of its members. The Academy's Statute governs all aspects of its organization, management and operations in all the fields in which it is active.
Departments.
The Academy is made up of six departments:
Committees.
Committees include:

</doc>
<doc id="19240042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240042" title="Christopher Holland">
Christopher Holland

Christopher William Holland (born 18 September 1966, Greenwich, London, England) is an English keyboard player, singer and songwriter. He is the younger brother of Jools Holland and twin of Richard Edward Holland (drummer).
Career.
In between working on his own music he has continued to tour, record and write with various other artists including Green On Red, Squeeze, Stereophonics, Paul Weller and Paul Carrack Tom Jones, Ethan Johns. Holland has also played electric organ, recorded and written for Jools Holland's Rhythm and Blues Orchestra.
1999 saw the release of his first solo album, "Cosmic Harmony Companion" (on Beautiful Records BT003CD), containing some of his earliest compositions and featuring various guest musicians including Pino Paladino, Gilson Lavis and Kim Lesley.
A follow-up studio album "Hoopatasso" was released in 2002 in a limited number, which served as a taster for "Brother Sun Sister Moon" (BT004CD), which was issued in the summer of 2003 to critical acclaim, featuring Ash Soan (ex Del Amitri, Faithless) Robbie Williams on drums, Lisa Covington and Ron Box on guitars, Dave Swift on bass and Sam Brown (background vocals); this was partly produced with Laurie Latham and Box.
Continuing to tour throughout 2004 with his band Cosmic Harmony, as well as playing solo shows, he released a one-off project with ex-B sharp member Lisa Covington, using a wide range of vintage keyboards, entitled "Butterfly Effect" was released in (2005).
During 2006 and 2007, Holland was in the recording studio, working on thirteen new songs featuring Edwina Hayes on vocals and Melvyn Duffy on lap–pedal steel guitar and Ash Soan on drums. The ensuing "Everything You Can Imagine Is Real" was released in 2007.
Between 2008 and 2012 while continuing to perform with the "Rhythm and Blues" orchestra Chris and sound engineer Ron Box have been working on a double album
released on Holland's own Cosmic Harmony Records label it features singers Katy Shotter, Edwina Hayes and Siobhan Parr. "Corner Green" includes 24 original compositions a "beach boys" cover and one co written with "Chris Difford" it is set for release on 13 August 2012
June 2012 Holland performed with Jools and "Ruby Turner" and at the "Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II" among "Stevie Wonder", "Paul McCartney", "Elton John", "Shirley Bassey", " Cliff Richard", "Annie Lennox" 'Madness' and many other notable performers.
Discography.
This is a list of the albums Holland has appeared on:

</doc>
<doc id="19240094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240094" title="The Brush-Off">
The Brush-Off

The Brush-Off is a 1996 Australian, Ned Kelly Awards-winning crime thriller, written by Shane Maloney. It is the second novel in a series of crime thrillers following the character of Murray Whelan, as he investigates crimes in the Melbourne area in the course of trying to keep his job with the Australian Labor Party.
Other media.
In 2004, this novel was adapted into a television movie by Huntaway Films and the Seven Network. The screenplay was written by John Clarke, and directed by Sam Neill. David Wenham was cast as Murray Whelan (reprising his role from the previous film "Stiff"), with a supporting cast that included Mick Molloy, Deborah Kennedy and Steve Bisley.
Notes.
This novel has been translated into German (2000), Japanese (2002) and French (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="19240097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240097" title="Penny Woolcock">
Penny Woolcock

Penny Woolcock (born 1 January 1950, in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a British filmmaker, opera director, and screenwriter. She was raised in a British community in Montevideo, speaking English and going to English schools.
In 1967, she founded a radical theatre group and was briefly arrested; her parents wanted to send her to Europe for safety. Instead, she fled to Spain with a man from the theatre group and had a baby in Barcelona.
In 1970 she moved to England as a single mother. She did factory work and other jobs. In her thirties she enrolled in a filmmakers' workshop, borrowed film-making equipment, and sold the resulting feature to BBC Channel 4. She was then hired as a director and editor of a current affairs program originating in Newcastle. From there, she went on to feature making.
Her first feature as a writer and director was "Women in Tropical Places" in 1989. Since then she has directed and/or written seven films. She adapted and directed "Macbeth on the Estate" in 1997.
Her breakthrough film was "Tina Goes Shopping", which was a collaborative piece with the real residents of the Gipton estates in Leeds, which was part of what is now known as the "Tina Trilogy". Current projects include a production of the John Adams opera "Doctor Atomic" which she directed for the Metropolitan Opera's 2008–2009 season. She had previously filmed Adams's "The Death of Klinghoffer" as a feature film. Her most recent film is "1 Day".
Woolcock's latest TV production is "Storyville: From the Sea to the Land Beyond - Britain's Coast on Film" which has been broadcast twice. History buffs and people-watchers will find this an evocative and very entertaining piece, based on archive movie footage from early cinematography to recent times, revealing much about how primitive life was for the working-class in the early 1900s, and yet how little changes in the way people behave.

</doc>
<doc id="19240129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240129" title="Bob Coolbaugh">
Bob Coolbaugh

Irwin Robert Coolbaugh (July 5, 1939 – June 1985) was an American football wide receiver in the American Football League for the Oakland Raiders. He played college football at the University of Richmond and was drafted in the fifteenth round of the 1961 AFL Draft. Coolbaugh was also drafted in the 12th round of the 1961 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19240130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240130" title="General-Anzeiger">
General-Anzeiger

The General-Anzeiger is a regional daily newspaper based in the city of Bonn, the former West German capital in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. In addition to the city and its urban surrounds, the distribution of the newspaper and its local editions extends to the neighboring districts of Rhein-Sieg, Ahrweiler and Neuwied. It is published each day of the week, except Sundays. In the second quarter of 2008, the "General-Anzeiger" recorded average daily circulation figures of 85,176.

</doc>
<doc id="19240159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240159" title="List of Stockholm metro stations">
List of Stockholm metro stations

This is a list of stations on the Stockholm metro rapid transit system of Stockholm, Sweden. 
Stations in bold are transfer stations; while lines may share many stations, only stations where lines cross, or stations where lines diverge (such as when Lines 17 an 18 go separate ways) are considered transfer stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19240187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240187" title="Nashville (Bill Frisell album)">
Nashville (Bill Frisell album)

Nashville is the ninth album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label and his first to be recorded in Nashville, Tennessee. It was released in 1997 and features performances by Frisell, Viktor Krauss, Jerry Douglas, Ron Block, and Adam Steffey with guest appearances from Robin Holcomb on vocals and Pat Bergeson on harmonica.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Jason Ankeny awarded the album 4½ stars stating "record is both genuine and alien -- while played with real affection for the country form and without any avant posturing, its sound is original and distinct, a cinematic variation on C&W tenets". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Bill Frisell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="19240202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240202" title="Tupolev MTB-2">
Tupolev MTB-2

The Tupolev MTB-2 ( — Heavy Naval Bomber), also known as the ANT-44, was a four-engine prototype flying boat designed in the Soviet Union in 1935. 
Design and development.
The ANT-44 was designed as a long-range maritime reconnaissance/bomber flying boat. Construction of the first two prototype began in 1934. The initial design employed an all-metal construction with a shoulder-mounted semi-gull wing. The ANT-44 incorporated four 604 kW (810 hp) Gnome-Rhône Mistral Major 14Kdrs M-85 radial engines as well as under-slung stabilizing floats. After a month of factory trials, in December 1937 designers changed the Mistral Major radial engines for the higher rated and more powerful Tumansky M-87 627 kW (840 hp) engines. In 1938, they further modified the prototype to be amphibious, and the aircraft was refitted with updated 709 kW (950 hp) M-87A engines.
The second prototype, designated ANT-44bis or ANT-44D, was an amphibious aircraft powered by four M-87A engines. With I. M. Sukhomlin at the controls, the aircraft set several world records in its class:
Operational history.
Only the two MTB-2 prototypes were built: the Soviet Union's entry into World War II interrupted any further development. Both aircraft were pressed into service in the Black Sea region. The ANT-44D piloted by I. M. Sukhomlin saw limited use in 1941–1943, both as a bomber and as a transport, and other special tasks, such as emergency supply flights.

</doc>
<doc id="19240255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240255" title="Raymond L. Haight">
Raymond L. Haight

Raymond LeRoy Haight (July 18, 1897 – September 2, 1947) was an American lawyer and politician from California. Involved in the Republican and Commonwealth-Progressive parties, Haight ran as a third party candidate during the 1934 California gubernatorial election.
Biography.
Haight was born in San Jose, California to George Haight and Isabella Hawkins. Haight's grandfather's first cousin was Henry Huntly Haight, the Governor of California from 1867 to 1871. Haight was also related to Henry Haight, a prominent pioneer and San Francisco banker during the California Gold Rush. Haight was educated in law at the University of Southern California, editing the "Daily Trojan" for a year between 1918 and 1919. Following graduation, Haight entered a Los Angeles-based law practice, and quickly gained a reputation with corporate investigations.
In the 1934 California gubernatorial election, Haight initially campaigned for the Republican nomination, gaining 85,000 votes. Haight ultimately lost to Frank Merriam, who had recently been installed as governor following the death of James Rolph. Haight continued to pursue the governorship, gaining the crossed Commonwealth-Progressive Party's nomination, running against the right-wing leaning Merriam, and against former Socialist Party of America member and still self-avowed socialist, author Upton Sinclair, the Democratic Party candidate. During the campaign, there was discussion during amongst Democratic supporters, including A. P. Giannini, of asking Sinclair to leave the race in favor of Haight, due to belief that Haight's moderate politics and unassociation with socialism would stand better against Merriam's conservatism. Sinclair, however, disapproved. 
Haight campaigned as a centrist between the right Merriam and the left Sinclair, seeping support from voters dissatisfied with both candidates. Haight garnered 302,519 votes, 13% of the vote. Much of Haight's voting strength came from the San Joaquin Valley, where farmers were hostile to Sinclair's End Poverty in California scheme to take over so-called 'idle farms'. With 13% of the vote, Haight arguably spoiled Sinclair's chances for the governorship.
Haight would unsuccessfully run again as a Progressive in the 1938 election, though he would never garner the same support as he did in 1934. Haight returned to law, and rejoined Republican ranks. He served as a delegate to the 1944 Republican National Convention in Chicago. 
Haight died in San Diego on September 2, 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19240354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240354" title="Universitetet">
Universitetet

Universitetet (Swedish: "the university") is the name of two rail stations, both named for Stockholm University.

</doc>
<doc id="19240366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240366" title="Crow-Elkhart (automobile company)">
Crow-Elkhart (automobile company)

The Crow-Elkhart was an American automobile manufactured from 1909 until 1924 by the Crow-Elkhart Motor Company of Elkhart, Indiana founded by Martin E. Crow. The company manufactured both four and six cylinder models. After World War I, Crow-Elkhart used Gray victory engines in some of its cars.
In 1922, the company went into receivership, and on June 22, 1923, the companies assets were sold for $78,000.
Black Crow.
From 1909 to 1911, the Black Motor Company of Chicago, Illinois sold a rebadged Crow-Elkhart automobile as the "Black Crow".
References.
This is a story about a Crow-Elkhart my Grandfather Art Wisbey told me.
"I can remember my Dad's first car. I was just probably 5 or 6 years old (Grandpa was born in 1908) It was a "Crow-Elkhart" made in Elhart, Indiana. It was a "Crow". You never heard of one before and you'll never hear of one again unless I tell you. It's a "Crow Elkhart" and I'm going to tell you something about it. It's flywheel was out in the open, had no cover on it. The flywheel was on the engine, you know and it had a leather lined clutch, so when you drove it in the water and mud it got in the clutch. Wasn't covered up. Then it got dried out in that leather. you get in (the car), get ready to go somewhere, put it in gear, let out on the clutch, and you'd just bust an axle that quick. So you'd leave it there until you ordered a new axle from Elkhart, Indiana, and you busted axles like you'd break a match stick. That was about 1912 or '13."

</doc>
<doc id="19240396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240396" title="Scott Sanders (producer)">
Scott Sanders (producer)

Scott Sanders is an American television producer, film producer and theatrical producer. He is best known for the theatrical musical version of Alice Walker’s novel "The Color Purple", of which he was Lead Producer along with Oprah Winfrey, Quincy Jones, and Harvey Weinstein, for producing "Elaine Stritch: at Liberty" and the 2012 revival of the musical "Evita", and for his work on numerous musical and theatrical productions.
Early life.
Sanders grew up in St. Petersburg, Florida and was a 1975 graduate of Gibbs High School in Pinellas County, Florida, which at the time was undergoing court-ordered desegregation, and to which he was bused. He was Class President at Gibbs. He is a 1979 graduate of the University of Florida. During college he worked as an intern in the advertising department of the "St. Petersburg Times".
Career.
Sanders began his career at Radio City Music Hall in New York, producing artists including Liberace, Sting, Diana Ross, and The Grateful Dead. He was Executive Producer there for 15 years and has been credited with reversing the venue’s steady decline after its near-bankruptcy in 1978. Sanders brought in rock concerts and popular cultural events including the Super Bowl halftime show and galas for President Bill Clinton.
Sanders co-founded and became president of Mandalay Television, and executive produced six network series, including include "Young Americans", starring Kate Bosworth, Ian Somerhalder, Katherine Moenning, and Michelle Monaghan; "Cupid", "Mercy Point", "Rude Awakening", "Rick Reynolds: Only the Truth is Funny", and "Penn & Teller: Don’t Try This at Home". His production company "Creative Battery" was responsible for solo Broadway shows by Elaine Stritch and the Barry Humphries character Dame Edna. Sanders also was Executive Producer for Queen Latifah’s jazz album, “The Dana Owens Album,” which received a 2005 Grammy nomination.
In 2007 he founded Scott Sanders Productions, a film and theatrical production company based in New York City.
In 2010 Sanders produced the theatrical production of "The Pee-wee Herman Show" starring Paul Reubens, first in Los Angeles and then in New York. Sanders is a lead producer on the first revival production of "Evita" based on the life of Argentine first lady Eva Peron, staged in 2012, and starring Ricky Martin and Elena Roger. Sanders and Ahmet Zappa co-produced a film written and directed by Peter Hedges, "The Odd Life of Timothy Green", released by Walt Disney Pictures on August 15, 2012.
In August 2012 Sony Pictures Entertainment and Sanders agreed to mount stage productions of Sony films and announced that Tootsie, the 1982 comedy starring Dustin Hoffman, would be the first project.
Sanders and David Rockwell will produce the stage musical "Houdini: An Original Musical" with music by Stephen Schwartz and directed by Jack O'Brien. Hugh Jackman was originally to have starred as Houdini, but in December 2013 Jackman said that he will not be in the musical because he could not "commit to the time". Aaron Sorkin had been named to write the book but he is no longer with the musical. The musical is aiming for the 2015-16 Broadway season. David Ives is the book writer as of December 2013.
"The Color Purple".
Sanders had read Walker's book and wanted to produce it as a musical. The project took over eight years to realize, partly due to the reluctance of Pulitzer Prize-winner Walker to give permission for the adaptation of her novel. Walker was eventually won over by Sanders, and gave her permission and support. Sanders thought that it had similarities to "Fiddler on the Roof" – "a community of people that the audience would follow over time," and told her so.
"The Color Purple", which premiered at the Alliance Theatre in Atlanta and opened at the Broadway Theatre in New York City in December 2005, had an all-black cast and Oprah Winfrey as an investor. Sanders promoted the production with television advertising, and had hired Fantasia, an "American Idol" winner, for the lead role. The production was noted for its contribution to a “redefinition of the Broadway crowd,” a reference to its ability to attract a multi-racial audience. Later, Sanders would describe the work of producing a musical as "wrestling an octopus, keeping all the puppies in the box," and the hardest thing he had ever done, "more white-knuckle than I'd like, and the most fun I'd ever had."
"The Pee-Wee Herman Show".
Sanders’ production opened at the Stephen Sondheim Theater in October 2010. It was dubbed by one critic “Nothing less than a bubble bath of nostalgia for the many adoring fans of Pee-wee.” All advance tickets had been sold at full price. For months prior to the opening the producers and Paul Reubens used social networking sites Facebook and Twitter to the production’s advantage to stimulate media and fan interest. By opening night the Pee-wee character had acquired approximately 750,000 followers on the two sites. Sanders has said of the success of the production's use of social media, “You’re talking about a database of fans that costs zero.”
"Evita".
Sanders was one of the producers of the musical revival "Evita," which opened in New York on April 5, 2012. Efforts of the producers and star Ricky Martin using Twitter and Facebook generated about $500,000 in advance ticket sales. Both the show's website and social media efforts were in Spanish and English, and are credited with expanding the appeal of the show.
"The Odd Life of Timothy Green".
This PG-rated movie, a fantasy, was co-produced by Sanders and opened in US theaters August 15, 2012.
Production company.
In 2007 Sanders started a production company,"Scott Sanders Productions," receiving funding from a private equity group which includes New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, David Kraft, Roy Furman, and Jim Fantaci, and signed a film deal with Disney.
The company signed a five-year deal with Sony Pictures Entertainment in August 2012 to develop and produce live versions of Sony films.
Awards and nominations.
Sanders won a Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event in 2002 for "Elaine Stritch: At Liberty."
In 2004 Sanders won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety, Music, or Comedy Special for "Elaine Stritch: At Liberty" (2002).
Sanders received a 2005 nomination for Best Jazz Vocal Album for Queen Latifah's "The Dana Owens Album", a 2005 nomination for Best Special Theatrical Event for "Dame Edna: Back with a Vengeance," and was nominated in 2002 for a Best Special Theatrical Event for "Elaine Stritch: At Liberty."
In 2006 "The Color Purple" was nominated for 11 Tony Awards, including Best Musical for The Color Purple, Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Musical, Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical, Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical, Best Choreography, Best Original Score, Best Book of a Musical, Best Costume Design of a Musical, Best Lighting Design of a Play, and Best Lighting Design of a Musical.
In 2012 "Evita" received three Tony nominations, for Best Revival of a Musical, Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical, and Best Choreography.
Personal life.
Sanders married Brad Lamm in California in 2008 in a ceremony officiated by Alice Walker, who was ordained by Universal Ministries for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19240398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240398" title="Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns">
Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns

Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns (born 29 November 1800 in Stocksberg castle, died 3 December 1875 in Baden-Baden) was a Jurist and leader in the Baden Revolution of 1848. 
Junghanns studied from 1819 to 1823 at the University of Heidelberg and University of Göttingen. 
In 1846, he was elected to the 12th season of the Second Chamber of Baden state parliament. He wasn't reeelected in the 13th season, but took the place of his elected brother in 1847 and served until 1848. 
In May 1849 he took part in the Offenburg Assembly and the Baden uprising. He was part of the provisional national committee during this time. Junghanns also served in the provisional German parliament at this point. 
After the revolution collapsed Junghanns took refuge in Elsass, Belgium, and Switzerland, while in 1850 he was sentenced in absence to nine years in prison. He returned to Baden in 1859. After this he practiced law at Bühl and Rastatt.

</doc>
<doc id="19240432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240432" title="John Burnham (submarine designer)">
John Burnham (submarine designer)

John M. Burnham (September 11, 1917 – November 15, 1957) was the designer of USS Nautilus (SSN-571), the world's first operational nuclear-powered submarine.
He was a 1941 graduate of the United States Naval Academy. In 1947, he joined the Electric Boat Division of the General Dynamics Corporation at Groton, Connecticut. He became design manager at Electric Boat in 1952, and was responsible for the design of "Nautilus" and two other nuclear-powered submarines, USS Seawolf (SSN-575) and USS Skate (SSN-578).
References.
"John Burnham, 40, Nautilus designer" "New York Times". November 16, 1957: 19

</doc>
<doc id="19240437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240437" title="The Bloody Sun">
The Bloody Sun

The Bloody Sun is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1964. The novel was substantially rewritten, expanded, and republished under the same title in 1979; Bradley's short story "To Keep the Oath" was included in this edition and all subsequent reprintings.
The expanded rewrite retains the basic plot structure but is more closely connected to several other Darkover books, especially "The Forbidden Tower". It also changes the identity of one of Kerwin's parents, although the later book "Exile's Song" uses his textually original parentage as background information.
Plot Summary.
Damon Ridenow learns that Leonie Hastur, Keeper of Arilinn, has died. His daughter, Cleindori (Dorilys Aillard, daughter of Jaelle n’ha Melora) arrived with Kennard Alton in tow. She has decided to go to Arilinn to train as their Keeper. Ridenow objects, but can’t talk her out of her decision. 
About forty years later, Jefferson Andrew Kerwin, age 29, arrives on Darkover. He knows that he was born there, and spent his first ten years in the Spaceman’s Orphanage. In the Trade City, he meets Ragan, who identifies a blue crystal that Jeff wears as a matrix. He is mistaken by several Darkovan natives for a member of the Comyn aristocracy. 
Jeff tries staring into his matrix crystal and hears voices saying that he must find his way, unaided. Defying orders, he follows his instincts into the Old Town. He arrives at the Alton townhouse and meets Kennard Alton, Taniquel, and Auster. They tell him he has passed a test for "laran". 
Kennard tells Jeff that his mother’s name was Cleindori and his father was Terran; that after she was murdered, Jeff was put in the orphanage for his own safety, but he had been sent to Earth before his relations could reclaim him. 
Jeff meets Elorie of Arilinn and the other members of Arilinn Tower. Kennard explains the basics of Darkovan society and Tower functioning. The tower circle accepts Jeff, except for Auster, who remains hostile. Jeff remains for training.
The tower performs some mining experiments, only to have their claims jumped by the Aldarans. Austur believes it to be a Terran trick. They form a circle to identify the spy. It turns out to be Ragan, the weaselly man Jeff met his first night in the Trade City. Jeff claims vengenance, but the attempt to capture Ragan fails.
Jeff decides to leave Arilinn, and Elorie, who has fallen in love with him, decides to go with him. The other members of the tower react with horror, indicating that Cleindori’s work is far from finished. They go to the spaceport for safety. Jeff and Elorie marry, but are unable to leave Darkover for legal reasons.
Elorie uses her Keeper’s training to probe Jeff’s memories of the death of his mother. He discovers that he is the son, not of Jefferson Kerwin, but of Lewis-Arnad Lanart-Alton. He also realises that Auster and Ragan are twins, the true children of Jefferson Kerwin, by Cassilda Lanart-Ridenow.
The couple seeks help from Dyan Ardais, Elorie’s half brother to obtain an audience with Lord Hastur. Hastur admits that he should have done more to protect Cleindori, and her father, Damon Ridenow, saying he will not make the same mistake with Elorie. He listens to her story. 
Unable to contact Arilinn to warn them about the threat posed by the unsuspected link between Auster and Ragan, Jeff and Elorie ride to Arilinn. They are able to exclude Ragan from the circle and complete their task. Elorie is injured, but survives.
Jeff tells the circle that the experience proves Cleindori was right – that matrix mechanics are a science, not a mystical art, and that a keeper need not be a cloistered virgin. Jeff remains on Darkover, now accepted into the families of the Comyn.

</doc>
<doc id="19240448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240448" title="Springfield Road station">
Springfield Road station

Springfield Road may refer to the following SEPTA Surface Media and Sharon Hill Trolley Lines stations along Springfield Road:

</doc>
<doc id="19240482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240482" title="El Jardin del Mar, Pasadena, Texas">
El Jardin del Mar, Pasadena, Texas

El Jardin del Mar ("The Garden of the Sea" in Spanish) is a community located in Pasadena, Texas, United States. Places within El Jardin have Seabrook, Texas postal addresses. Most of El Jardin's residents are those of the working class.
El Jardin del Mar faces the Galveston Bay and is located northeast of Seabrook and southeast of Shoreacres.
El Jardin del Mar Community Association has copies of Lucille B. Klopp's privately published 2002 book "A History of El Jardin del Mar".
Government and infrastructure.
Pasadena Volunteer Fire Department operates Fire Station #9 at 4907 Donald Street.
Education.
El Jardin is within the Clear Creek Independent School District. The community is within the Board of Trustee District 1, represented by Robert Allan Davee as of 2008.
Schools serving the community include Bay Elementary School in Seabrook, Seabrook Intermediate School in Seabrook, and Clear Lake High School in Houston.
The community is within the San Jacinto College district.

</doc>
<doc id="19240522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240522" title="Goa civil code">
Goa civil code

The Goa Civil Code, also called the Goa Family Law, is the set of civil laws that governs the residents of the Indian state of Goa. In India, as a whole, there are religion-specific civil codes that separately govern adherents of different religions. Goa is an exception to that rule, in that a single code governs all Goans, irrespective of religion, ethnicity or linguistic affiliation.
History.
The Goa civil code is largely based on the Portuguese Civil Code ("Código Civil Português") of 1867, with some modifications based on the Portuguese Decrees on Marriage and Divorce of 1910, the Portuguese Decrees on Canonical Marriages of 1946, and the Portuguese Gentile Hindu Usages Decrees of 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="19240523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240523" title="Ryūji">
Ryūji

Possible writings.
Ryūji can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19240556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240556" title="Mirrngadja, Northern Territory">
Mirrngadja, Northern Territory

Mirrngadja is a village in north-eastern Arnhem Land, in the Top End of the Northern Territory of Australia. It lies south-east of, and close to, the Arafura Swamp and the Arafura Jungles.

</doc>
<doc id="19240567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240567" title="CKIK-FM">
CKIK-FM

CKIK-FM, is a Canadian English language radio station, that will broadcast a contemporary hit radio format on the frequency 101.3 FM in Red Deer, Alberta.
Owned by L.A. Radio Group, the station received CRTC on June 1, 2009.
CKIK-FM is a former callsign of a radio station in Calgary, Alberta, which is known today as CFGQ-FM.
The station launched on July 24, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19240568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240568" title="The Assignation">
The Assignation

The Assignation, or Love in a Nunnery is a Restoration comedy written by John Dryden. The play was first acted late in 1672, by the King's Company at their theatre at Lincoln's Inn Fields, but was not a success with its audience.
Apart from the question of the play's quality — many critics have regarded it as a rush job, written mainly in prose with some blank verse — Dryden was suspected of anti-Catholic satire, especially in his choice of a subtitle. This was a sensitive issue at the time, given strong Catholic sympathies among some elements of the royal court — primarily the Duke of York, the future King James II.
The cast of the original production included Michael Mohun as the Duke of Mantua, Edward Kynaston as Prince Frederick, Charles Hart as Aurelian, William Cartwright as Mario, and Nicholas Burt as Camillo. The role of Hyppolita, the nun, was taken by Mary Knep; Rebecca Marshall played Lucretia.
Dryden drew plot material from a play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca titled "Con quien vengo vengo."
"The Assignation" was published in quarto in 1673 by Henry Herringman. Dryden dedicated the play to Sir Charles Sedley. The play was republished in 1678 and 1692.

</doc>
<doc id="19240615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240615" title="Jules-Joseph-Taschereau Frémont">
Jules-Joseph-Taschereau Frémont

Jules-Joseph-Taschereau Frémont (20 December 1855 - 28 March 1902) was a Canadian politician, author, lawyer and professor. He was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons and a mayor of Quebec City.
Biography.
Frémont was born in Quebec City, Quebec, the son of doctor Charles-Jacques Frémont and Marie-Cécile Panet. He was educated at the Collège Sainte-Marie, at St. Francis Xavier's College in New York City and the Université Laval and was called to the Quebec bar in 1878. He later became a professor of civil law at the Université Laval.
He was elected to Parliament at the Quebec County riding in the 1891 general election. After serving his term in the 7th Parliament, Frémont was defeated in the 1896 federal election by Charles Fitzpatrick, also of the Liberal party.
The inaugural Quebec Winter Carnival in 1894 occurred on Frémont's watch as Quebec City mayor.
In 1891, Frémont married Caroline-Alix, the daughter of Joseph-Octave Beaubien, a member of the 1st Canadian Parliament.
Frémont died at Quebec City at the age of 46 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19240670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240670" title="Scrooby Congregation">
Scrooby Congregation

The Scrooby Congregation were English Protestant separatists who lived near Scrooby, on the outskirts of Bawtry, a small market town at the border of South Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire. In 1607/8 the Congregation emigrated to Holland in search of the freedom to worship as they chose. They founded the "English separatist church at Leiden", one of several English separatist groups in the Netherlands at the time.
History.
Richard Clyfton was rector of Babworth, from 1605 under suspicion of nonconformity. Suspended, he continued to preach at Bawtry, near Scrooby though just over the county boundary in Yorkshire. From 1606 the congregation around Clyfton met in the house of William Brewster. This manor house has been identified as on the site of the old Scrooby Palace of the archbishops of York, though much of the older building had been demolished by then. In 1607 Clyfton was excommunicated; at this time he had already met William Bradford. John Robinson from Sturton le Steeple, also in northern Nottinghamshire, had lost his church positions for his views and returned home by about the end of 1604; he made contact with separatist groups in Gainsborough, just over the eastern county boundary in Lincolnshire, as well as Scrooby. The minister at Gainsborough was John Smyth. In this way the two separatist churches were drawn together, with Robinson assuming authority in the Scrooby congregation alongside Clyfton after a process of ordination.
Emigration.
From the end of 1607 and into 1608 the Gainsborough-Scrooby separatist group emigrated to Holland, in waves. An important organizer of the move was Thomas Helwys of Smyth's congregation, who had moved away to Basford, Nottinghamshire before coming to attention for not taking communion. The emigrants went to Amsterdam and Leiden.
At Leiden.
After arriving at Holland they realized that as foreigners, they could only take unskilled jobs and were exempt from working organizations. The congregation also noticed that their children were growing up more Dutch than English. The Congregation decided to emigrate to the Americas, where their children could be English, and they could worship freely.
Historiography.
The exact significance of Scrooby for the Pilgrim group is still debated. The first research on the congregation was published by the antiquarian Joseph Hunter in 1849. It was followed in 1853 by a popular book from William Henry Bartlett, a topographical artist. Henry Martyn Dexter (Henry Morton Dexter) wrote the authoritative account "The England and Holland of the Pilgrims" (1905). Further documentary evidence was found by Walter Herbert Burgess (1867–1943) and Ronald Marchant.

</doc>
<doc id="19240746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240746" title="William Bereford">
William Bereford

Sir William Bereford (died 1326) was an English justice. He was the son of Walter de Bereford, with the family name coming from the village of Barford, Warwickshire. In 1287 his brother, Osbert de Bereford, a previous High Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire, bought a property in Wishaw, and after his death a few years later the land was left to William. In the 1280s he also married Margaret, daughter of Hugh de Plessy, who brought lands in Wittenham, Berkshire, with whom he had at least one child, Edmund Bereford, who later became a King's Clerk.
By 1285 he was a Pleader for the Court of Common Pleas, and after the purging of the courts in 1289 and 1290 various avenues of promotion opened him, and he was made a justice of the Common Bench in 1292. In Michaelmas term of that year he joined one of the last countrywide Eyres. In 1294 he returned to the Common Bench, standing as second to John of Mettingham and then Ralph de Hengham before becoming Chief Justice in 1309 following Hengham's retirement. He was knighted in 1302, and in 1304 was appointed as a commissioner to investigate a break-in at the Treasury. In 1305 he was one of twenty-one representatives of the crown who met with an equal number of Scottish representatives to establish how to promote stability in Scotland, and in 1306 he was a commissioner of a Trailbaston on the northern circuit. After Edward II became king in 1307 he was in charge of collecting "querelae", or formal complaints, against Walter Langton, who had been Edward I's treasurer and central advisor.
Bereford was associated with Piers Gaveston, a favorite of Edward II, perhaps because he had bought land in the Honour of Wallingford held by the earl. Bereford was one of only four who stood with the king against the barons who demanded Gaveston's exile in 1308, and acted as the executor of his will. Standing against the barons seems not to have harmed his career; in 1318 after attempts to reform the king's household he was among the ministers retained in office, where he stayed until his death in 1326.

</doc>
<doc id="19240761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240761" title="List of streets and piazzas in Valletta, Malta">
List of streets and piazzas in Valletta, Malta

This page lists some streets and piazzas (squares) in Valletta, Malta.
Piazzas.
A piazza () is a public square. 

</doc>
<doc id="19240781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240781" title="Kings Crossing Site">
Kings Crossing Site

Kings Crossing Site is an archaeological site that is a type site for the "Kings Crossing Phase (950-1050 CE)" of the Lower Yazoo Basin Coles Creek chronology.
Location.
The site is located four miles north of the center of Vicksburg, between Chickasaw Bayou and the Illinois Central railroad tracks. 
Site importance.
Clarence B. Moore, who visited the site in 1908, described Mound A as being tall, although by the 1950s it had been significantly shortened. Mound B has been almost completely leveled, although a small rise can be discerned. Mound C is roughly tall. Mounds A and C are both roughly sq. Pottery sampling in the 1950s from Mound A gave the site a historical importance out of all proportion to its size. Test pits from a 1949 excavation of the Holly Bluff Site produced an important glimpse of a late "transitional" Coles Creek to Plaquemine assemblage featuring thin tapered rims of polished plain ware and carefully executed varieties of Coles Creek incised and associated types. Although intriguing as pottery, it was not sufficiently integrated strategraphically to postulate a distinct phase. Site sampling from the Kings Crossing Site in 1954 supplied the integration and gave the phase a name. Since then, especially in the Tensas Basin, it has become one of the firmest and most easily identifiable ceramic complexes in the Lower Mississippi area.
In 2005 the Kings Crossing Site was portrayed on the Vicksburg Floodwall Mural project to represent the American Indian heritage of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19240789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240789" title="OpenBTS">
OpenBTS

OpenBTS (Open Base Transceiver Station) is a software-based GSM access point, allowing standard GSM-compatible mobile phones to be used as SIP endpoints in Voice over IP (VOIP) networks. OpenBTS is an open source software that was developed and is maintained by Range Networks. The public release of OpenBTS is notable for being the first free software implementation of the lower three layers of the industry-standard GSM protocol stack.
It is written in C++ and released as free software under the terms of version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL).
Open GSM infrastructure.
OpenBTS replaces the conventional GSM operator core network infrastructure from layer 3 upwards. Instead of relying on external base station controllers for radio resource management, OpenBTS units perform this function internally. Instead of forwarding call traffic through to an operator's mobile switching center, OpenBTS delivers calls via SIP to a VOIP soft switch (such as FreeSWITCH or yate) or PBX (such as Asterisk). This VOIP switch or PBX software can be installed on the same computer used to run OpenBTS itself, forming a self-contained cellular network in a single computer system. Multiple OpenBTS units can also share a common VOIP switch or PBX to form larger networks 
The OpenBTS Um air interface uses a software-defined radio transceiver with no specialized GSM hardware. The original implementation used a USRP from Ettus Research, but has since been expanded to support several digital radios in implementations ranging from full-scale base stations to embedded femtocells.
History.
The project was started by Harvind Samra and David A. Burgess with the aim of the project to drastically reduce the cost of GSM service provision in rural areas, the developing world, and hard to reach locations such as oil rigs. The project was initially conducted through Kestrel Signal Processing, the founders' consulting firm.
On September 14, 2010, at the Fall 2010 DEMO conference, the original authors launched Range Networks as a start up company to commercialize OpenBTS-based products.
Platforms.
A large number of experimental installations have shown that OpenBTS can run on extremely low overhead platforms. These including some CDMA handsets - making a GSM gateway to a CDMA network. Computer security researcher Chris Paget reported that a handheld device, such as an Android phone, could act as a gateway base station to which handsets can connect; the Droid then connects calls using an on-board Asterisk server and routes them to the PSTN via SIP over an existing 3G network.
Security.
At the 2010 DEF CON conference, it was demonstrated with OpenBTS that GSM calls can be intercepted due to the fact that in GSM the handset does not authenticate the base station prior to accessing the network.
OpenBTS has been used by the security research community to mount attacks on cellular phone baseband processors. Previously, investigating and conducting such attacks was considered impractical due of the high cost of traditional cellular base station equipment.
Field tests.
Large scale live tests of OpenBTS have been conducted in the United States in Nevada and northern California using temporary radio licenses applied for through Kestrel Signal Processing and Range Networks, Inc.
Burning Man.
During the Burning Man festival in August 2008, a week-long live field test was run under special temporary authorization license. Although this test had not been intended to be open to Burning Man attendees in general, a number of individuals in the vicinity succeeded in making real out-going calls after a mis-configured Asterisk PBX installation allowed test calls prefixed with an international code through. The Burning man test successfully connected about 120 phone calls to 95 different numbers in area codes over North America.
At the 2009 Burning Man festival, a larger test setup was run using a 3-sector system. For the 2010 festival, an even larger 2-sector 3-carrier system was tested.
At the 2011 festival, the OpenBTS project set up a 3-site network with VSAT gateway and worked in conjunction with the Voice over IP services company Voxeo to provide much of the off-site call routing.
"RELIEF" Exercises.
RELIEF is a series of disaster response exercises managed by the Naval Postgraduate School in California, USA.
Range Networks operated OpenBTS test networks at the RELIEF exercises in November 2011 and February 2012.
Niue.
During 2010, an OpenBTS system was installed on the island of Niue and became the first installation to be connected and tested with by telecommunication company. Niue is a very small island country with a population of about 1,700 - too small to attract mobile telecommunications providers. The cost structure of OpenBTS suited Niue, which required a mobile phone service but did not have the volume of potential customers to justify buying and supporting a conventional GSM basestation system.
The success of this installation and the demonstrated demand for service helped bootstrap later commercial services.
The OpenBTS installation was later decommissioned ~February 2011 by Niue Telecom, a commercial grade GSM 900 network with Edge support was instead launched few months later (3x sites in Kaimiti O2, Sekena S2/2/2 and Avatele S2/2/2) this provided full coverage around the island and around the reef, the installation included a pre-pay system, USSD, Int. SMS and new Int. Gateway.
Defcon 20.
From July 26 to July 29, 2012, the Ninja Networks team set up a "NinjaTel Van" in the Vendor area of Defcon 20 (at the Rio Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas.) It used OpenBTS and served a small network of 650 GSM phones with custom SIM cards.

</doc>
<doc id="19240814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240814" title="The Coast Is Clear">
The Coast Is Clear

The Coast Is Clear may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19240852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240852" title="Västertorp metro station">
Västertorp metro station

Västertorp is a Stockholm metro station located in the Västertorp suburb of Stockholm, Sweden. The station was opened in 1964, and is part of Line 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19240859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240859" title="Dichotomy (album)">
Dichotomy (album)

Dichotomy is the third studio album by metal band Becoming the Archetype. The album features guest appearances by Devin Townsend, Ryan Clark, a soprano named Suzanne Richter, and Aslan.
The Album is based heavily on C.S. Lewis' That Hideous Strength.
Track listing.
The band posted full album lyrics on their MySpace blog on September 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19240861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240861" title="Stefano Protonotaro da Messina">
Stefano Protonotaro da Messina

Stefano Protonotaro da Messina (fl. 1261) was a poet of the Sicilian School, probably at the court of Frederick II. He left behind only three (or four) poems, but one is the earliest piece of writing in the Sicilian language. This work is of immense philological and linguistic importance.
He was born at Messina in the Kingdom of Sicily and was, as his name implies, a protonotary. He is mentioned in only two documents: one of 1261 from Messina, while he was a live, and a posthumous one from 1301 (probably near the date of his death). If he is the same person, as seems probable, as a "Stefano da Messina" mentioned in other documents, he made Latin and Greek translations of two Arabic treatise on astronomy—"Liber rivolutionum" (Book of Revolutions) and "Flores astronomiae" (Flowers of Astronomy)—which he dedicated to King Manfred, son of Frederick II. He was probably one of the later Sicilian poets, since one of his "commiate" (addresses to a lover) shows the influence of Guittone d'Arezzo.
The poets of the Sicilian School usually composed in the Sicilian language. At a time when all the Italian languages were very similar, Tuscan copyists altered the Sicilan word endings and other orthographic conventions to produce Tuscanised texts. Stefano's "canzone" "Pir meu cori alligrari", is the only work of the Sicilian School that is preserved in both Sicilian (which has five vowel sounds) and Tuscan (which has seven). Gian Maria Barbieri reported to have found it in a "libro siciliano", probably an Occitan chansonnier from Sicily, and copied it. This copy was first printed in 1790 by Gerolamo Tiraboschi. The original has since been lost. "Pir meu" is written in "coblas unissonans", with two feet of abC form and a "sirma" that is dDEeFF, followed by a "tornada" that is identical in structure. One of the central images in the piece is that of "la dulzuri / chi fa la tigra in illu miraturi": "the delight / that the tigress has in her own mirror". Stefano likens seeing his lady for the first time to this delight. This image was first employed in a "canso" of Rigaut de Barbezieux: the tigress is said to be enchanted by her own beautiful stripes and so be forget about the hunters that pursue her. The mirror image may also be used to structure the motifs of the poem, the second half being a motivic mirror-image of the first. While "Pir meu" is written in the standardised Sicilian of court poetry, the "volgare (siciliano) illustre", the first stanza shows hints of the common tongue ("siciliana-comune"). Stefano's poem has been used, with varying degrees of liberty, to re-create Sicilian versions of the Tuscanised legacy of other Sicilian poets.
Besides "Pir meu", Stefano left two other songs, "Assai cretti celare" and "Assai mi placeria". A fourth, "Amor, da cui move tuttora e vene", customarily assigned to Pier delle Vigne, has been lately ascribed to Stefano. It is characterised among his works for its dependence on bestiaries for creating simile and image. He alludes to a deer and a unicorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19240889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240889" title="Gone, Just Like a Train">
Gone, Just Like a Train

Gone, Just Like a Train is the tenth album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1998 and features performances by Frisell, Viktor Krauss and Jim Keltner. The cover art is by comics artist Jim Woodring.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars callining it "an immensely likable, easy-grooving CD that defies one to put a label on it... this is thoughtful, free-thinking, ear-friendly jamming that was recorded in bustling Burbank, CA. but sounds as if it was laid down in a relaxed cabin in the hills". 

</doc>
<doc id="19240904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240904" title="Grylls">
Grylls

Grylls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19240936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19240936" title="Leaves of Grass (film)">
Leaves of Grass (film)

Leaves of Grass is an American black comedy/drama film written and directed by, and featuring, Tim Blake Nelson. It also stars Edward Norton, Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Melanie Lynskey and Keri Russell. The film, released on September 17, 2010, is in limited release by Millennium Pictures. It was featured in the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.
It was filmed in southeastern Oklahoma in 2008.
Plot.
The film opens with Bill Kincaid (Edward Norton) lecturing his class at Brown University about Plato's Socratic dialogues, and discussing Greek philosophy. He dismisses the class and then meets up with his student, Anne (Lucy DeVito). Anne attempts to have sex with Bill, which he refuses. A coworker enters the room, and talks to Bill about an upcoming meeting he is having with Harvard associates.
Brady Kincaid (also played by Edward Norton) is down South lecturing two drug dealers who work for Pug Rothbaum (Richard Dreyfuss). Brady grows and sells all natural marijuana. He explains that he has no intention of expanding his sales, despite needing money to repay a debt to Rothbaum. Meanwhile, Bill talks with Dean Sorensen (Ty Burrell) about a job at Harvard in which philosophy would be included in their law school. Bill leaves, and on his way back to Brown, his brother's partner Bolger (Tim Blake Nelson) tells Bill that Brady has died from a crossbow arrow. Bill flies to Tulsa, meeting a Jewish orthodontist on the plane.
Bill arrives in Tulsa, and Bolger is waiting outside to pick him up. Bill is mistaken for Brady at the Broken Bow Market, and is beat up and knocked unconscious by marijuana dealers angry that Brady has taken half their territory. When Bill wakes, he is being looked after by Brady. Brady tells Bill that he is getting married and having a baby, and guilts Bill into staying. Brady persuades Bill to try his marijuana. Brady asks Bill to pretend to be Brady while he goes up state to take care of Rothbaum. Bill meets Janet (Keri Russell) at a party at Brady's, and is immediately smitten with her. Later that night, Bill agrees to Brady's proposal.
Bill accompanies Janet catching catfish. Janet drives Bill to the old folks home to make amends with his mother. Bill argues with his mother about her lack of mothering.
Bolger and Brady go to Rothbaum's synagogue in Tulsa, where Rabbi Zimmerman (Maggie Siff) is giving a sermon. Ken Feinman (Josh Pais), the orthodontist Bill met on the plane, mistakes Brady for Bill. Rothbaum spots Brady, and tells him they will talk elsewhere. Brady and Bolger meet with Rothbaum at his compound, where Rothbaum demands his money. When Rothbaum threatens to kill them if they don't have his money, Bolger shoots Rothbaum's thugs, and Brady stabs Rothbaum. They head to the Broken Bow Market, and attack the people who beat up Bill. Upon returning home, Bill has figured out that Brady killed Rothbaum. After an argument, Bill is called and told that his teaching is suspended, due to the earlier situation with Anne.
In Tulsa, Ken Feinman (Josh Pais) hears of Rothbaum’s murder and figures everything out. He purchases a gun and sets off for Brady's house. Ken accuses Brady of the murder. He tells Bill and Brady that he needs money, as his orthodontist career is failing. Bill stares the gun-wielding Ken down, and both prepare to leave. Brady and Bolger won't let Ken leave, and Ken shoots Brady in the chest. Bill shoots Ken in retaliation. The police arrive. Brady takes the gun so Bill isn't blamed for the murder. Brady dies.
At Brady's funeral, Bill shares that Brady was responsible for the best times of his life, and explains the regret and difficulty of leaving everything behind. Bolger takes Bill up to Tulsa to see Rabbi Zimmerman, as Brady wanted her to know that Rothbaum's murder was not a hate crime. Bill tries to sell Brady’s marijuana growing system to the Broken Bow Market, but Bill is shot through the chest by a crossbow, and Bolger kills the thug and takes Bill to the hospital. Janet visits him. Bolger is told that he saved Bill’s life, repaying his debt to Brady (who had saved his life in prison). A few weeks later, Bill is sitting outside of Brady and Colleen’s house while Daisy takes care of the baby. Janet and Bill hold hands over a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass as it starts to rain.
Release.
The film premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival. Film critic Roger Ebert stated that he considered it his favorite of the festival. DVD and Blu-ray versions of the film were released on October 12, 2010, and an extended edition is sold exclusively on Blu-ray with an additional 46 minutes of content.
Critical reception.
"Leaves of Grass" received mixed reviews from film critics, with praise being given to Norton's dual performance. Rotten Tomatoes reports that 63% of 35 critics gave the film a positive review, with an average score of 5.6/10, and the critical consensus being that "Edward Norton delivers one of his finest performances in Leaves of Grass, but he's overpowered by the movie's many jarring tonal shifts." The film received more negative reviews from audiences, receiving a 49% approval rating. Metacritic, another review aggregator, assigned the film a weighted average score of 58 (out of 100) based on 10 reviews from mainstream critics, considered to be "mixed or average reviews".
"Leaves of Grass has the structure and the elements of a classical Greek drama: There's treachery, mistaken identity, deadly plots, and ambition; that it takes place in the middle of Oklahoma is almost irrelevant", said Paul Constant. Roger Ebert gave the film a perfect four out of four stars, and stated that "Tim Blake Nelson's "Leaves of Grass" is some kind of sweet, wacky masterpiece. It takes all sorts of risks, including a dual role with Edward Norton playing twin brothers, and it pulls them off." He closed his review with "Here's a quote for the video box: "One of the year's best!" No, Tim Blake Nelson...thank you." Gary Goldstein of the "Los Angeles Times" also gave a positive review, particularly praising that "Edward Norton turns in not just one but two terrific performances in "Leaves of Grass," an offbeat thriller that is deepened — rather than derailed — by its tricky shift from darkly funny to just plain dark." He also praised Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, and Josh Pais for their performances. Neil Genzlinger of "New York Times" gave it an "NYT Critics' Pick", and particular praised the actors, saying "Mr. Norton is a pleasure to watch, and so is everyone else." He also approved of how the "film keeps you deliciously off-balance: it’s funny and unnerving at the same time." Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" stated that "the movie bubbles with intellectual curiosity and narrative ambition. And for that I dig it, even if Leaves of Grass has the habit of swerving and sometimes lurching from tone to tone." She praised the acting of Norton and Keri Russell. On an A to F scale, she gave the film a B+. 
However, the film was not without its detractors. Dennis Harvey of "Variety" stated that "Nelson's script isn't blackly comic or deep enough to successfully accommodate the introduction of jarring violence," and criticized the subplot of Pais' character, Dreyfuss' performance, and the "perfunctory" romance between Norton and Russell. He did, however, strongly praise Norton's acting, stating that his dual-role "is very much the main attraction, and reward, of 'Leaves of Grass.'", and also praised Nelson's acting, stating that "Nelson himself provides the most valuable support in the colorful if variable cast." Rex Reed of "New York Observer" was extremely critical, particularly of Nelson, saying "It’s just another oblique backfire from Tim Blake Nelson, whose work as a writer-director in general wallows in a bog of mediocrity" and that "Nelson, a cornball actor at best, is over the top as a larcenous Pa Kettle of a redneck sidekick." He finished his review stating that "The mirror-has-two-faces-idea is nothing new. From Bette Davis in "Dead Ringer" to Sam Rockwell in "Moon", dozens of seasoned actors have lit each other’s cigarettes while the audience thinks it’s seeing double, and they’ve done it in much better pictures than this one. In "Leaves of Grass", it seems irrelevant and recycled—essentially nothing more than a gimmick that wears out fast." He gave the film two "eyeballs" out of four.

</doc>
<doc id="19241035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241035" title="Fischer-Chöre">
Fischer-Chöre

Fischer-Chöre (Fischer choirs) is a group of children choirs, youth choirs, men choirs, and mixed choirs that are singing under the direction of Gotthilf Fischer; they are based in the Stuttgart area.
History.
In 1946 at the age of 18 Gotthilf Fischer took over the direction of the Deizisau Choir, later followed by other choirs. These choirs sometimes combine for a common performances encompassing over 1,500 voices.
The first television appearance was in 1969. With their performance at the Soccer World Cup in 1974 they became known to a worldwide audience. Major tour include visits to Rome, Jerusalem, and the USA.
The choirs are popular in German TV and participate in many entertainment programs. In 1990 Gotthilf Fischer and his choirs received their own program, "Strasse der Lieder" (Road of the Songs).
Repertoire.
The repertoire of the group includes traditional songs, and classical and operatic choir songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19241036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241036" title="Jonny Chops">
Jonny Chops

Jonathan Henrich, better known as Jonny Chops (born February 12, 1986), is a rock musician from Havertown, Pennsylvania. He is most famous for his role as the current drummer of Wednesday 13. He has also played in several other bands, including Anti-Product, Trashlight Vision, and a few local bands including, Divided Sky and Copper Mine.

</doc>
<doc id="19241055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241055" title="S4 League">
S4 League

S4 League () is a third-person shooter multiplayer game developed by GameOn Studios and published by Neowiz Games in 2007. It is hosted in Korea and Japan by Pmang. It's also hosted in Europe and North America since 2008 by Alaplaya. It used to be developed by Pentavision until their merger in July 2012.
Gameplay.
Default game settings make "S4 League" a third-person shooter. Altering the camera position can bring the experience closer to that of a first-person shooter.
To play, registered players have to log–with the game client installed–into the servers provided by the "S4 League" publisher. The playerbase gets separated into "servers" (alaplaya publisher has language labeled servers), and–subsequently–"channels" which may have restrictions such as based on player character level. Clan system and "channels" for clan vs clan matches are available. Once in a "channel", players can create "rooms" that define the game mode and limitations. When enough players join the room and declare themselves ready, the game can be started. Maximum number of players in a match is 16. Majority of the game modes are competitive, though win or loss doesn't have much impact on experience points or in-game currency gains. Few weapons being an exception, no friendly fire is possible. Some of the lower character levels, when attained, unlock emotes and clothes-equipment available for use.
Game modes.
Deathmatch.
Deathmatch mode is of team variation, players being divided into two teams: "alpha" and "beta". From either team's point of view the opposing team player characters wear red clothes, while nicknames in green text are constantly being displayed next to allied characters.
Captain.
In Captain mode the deathmatch-like game is split into rounds. Players start the round with increased hit-points(500 HP instead of 100 HP) and are termed "captains". The objective of the round is to eliminate opposing team "captains", while preserving own team ones. Until the next round starts, a once-killed "captain" respawns as a non-"captain", with standard hit-points and the ability to detect opposing team "captains".
Touchdown.
Touchdown mode has the highest number of different maps available. Allusively to american football game process, the two teams in this game mode have to bring a ball (termed "fumbi") to opposing team "goalpost" to score the points that serve as primary win criterion. The player characters can kill each other, like in deathmatch, and the ball-carrying character drops the ball when killed. Successful "touchdown" finishes a round and awards a TD score point. Start of the new round resets player characters and "fumbi" to respawn at the normally designated locations.
Chaser.
In Chaser mode games, each round a randomly selected player is appointed the role of "chaser", other players are teamed against that player. "Chaser" player is faster than usual, has distorted vision and increased damage resistance. Both "chaser" and the opposing team can see "target" mark pointing to the non-chaser character with the highest score. The more players participate, the larger time limit is allotted to the round. Currently-"chaser" player is given points for killing the opposing team characters. Killing a "target"-mark shifts the mark to the next survivor and nets additional points. Opposing team players earn points by dealing damage to the "chaser" and by surviving till the end of the round.
Battle Royal.
Battle Royal mode is a non-team, "free-for-all" deathmatch. Killing a player currently in the lead nets additional points. In Battle Royal mode, 5 points are obtained by killing the individual currently in first place whereas 2 points are gained by killing a player who is not in first place. However, any kill assist nets only 1 point no matter if the player on either end of the killing was in first place or not.
Arcade.
Arcade mode is the non-competitive mode. Similarly to instancing, the team of 1 to 4 players is put on the pre-generated time-limited map. Scripted sequences of computer-controlled opponents are spawned. 8 maps are available, comprising a single plot narrated by cutscenes.
Siege.
Siege mode is a team based mode where both teams have to capture 3 points scature around the map. There are currently 3 maps available for this mode. During the gameplay drops will be found across the map the will serve benefits to your character such as bonus pen and also attack increases.
Additional variations are restriction of allowed weapons and skills. Some modes provide on-the-fly balance alterations. For example, players from the team that falls behind in "Deathmatch" or "Touchdown" would begin to take less damage from similar attacks, compared to their opponents'. Majority of the maps are available only in a single specific game mode.
Character equipment, virtual goods.
Up to three characters can be created, the characters share the level, nickname and inventory associated with the game account. A character should have from one to three different weapons and one "skill" equipped to participate in a game match. During the half-time short break available in "Deathmatch" and "Touchdown" modes, players can switch from one of the game account character to another (for example to a character equipped with another set of weapons).
A number of clothing elements can be purchased and equipped. These items serve to alter character appearance and to impart bonuses, such as additional offense or defense. Weapons differ in their appearance, bullet spray patterns, damage, clip size, speed, etc. A number of weapons fall under the category of melee (such as swords, dagger). "Skills" are an assortment of special equipment and are player-activated or constantly active during actual matches (examples: invisibility; additional maximum hit points). Activated "skills", as well as acrobatic special moves (wall jumping, running, etc.), spend points from a regenerating but limited "SP" pool, which is also affected by certain game modes rules.
The equipment is purchased for in-game currency earned by participating in matches. Real-world currency micropayments serve to purchase of special currency, exclusively from the game service provider. This special currency is spent to purchase a wider variety of character equipment, including that with bonuses of otherwise unattainable level. No inter-account transfers of currencies and equipment is possible.
PSP edition.
A special version of the game called "S4 Portable" is in the works for the PlayStation Portable game system since 2008. However, since nothing has been announced, the normal speculation is that it has been canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="19241085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241085" title="San Jose Oaks">
San Jose Oaks

The San Jose Oaks are a semi-professional soccer club from San Jose, California with affiliations to the California Soccer Association and the USSF.
History.
The Oaks were founded in 1974 as an amateur side. The team has participated in the California International Soccer League and the Peninsula Soccer League. Among their most notable achievements was the 1992 U.S. Open Cup and subsequent participation in the CONCACAF Cup Winners' Cup". The Oaks have also participated at under 23, over 30 and over 35 levels.
Honors.
Peninsula Soccer League
California Major League
California State Cup
'"U.S. Open Cup

</doc>
<doc id="19241125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241125" title="Australian Tour EP 2008">
Australian Tour EP 2008

Australian Tour EP 2008 is a 6-track EP from Mondo Generator containing a mix of studio, acoustic, and live material. It was released to coincide with their first Australian tour in August 2008. The live tracks feature an early lineup from 2004.
Personnel.
Recorded Live at Reading Festival 2004
Recorded Live at Troubadour, Los Angeles 2003
Recorded Live at Troubadour, Los Angeles 2003

</doc>
<doc id="19241130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241130" title="Shō Kō">
Shō Kō

It is said that towards the end of his reign, Shō Kō's "behavior became strange, unbalanced, and unpredictable." The "Sanshikan" (the council of the top three elder royal advisors) appealed to the government of Japan's Satsuma Domain and, with Satsuma's approval, forced Shō Kō to abdicate in 1828 and to retire to the countryside. An envoy mission was prepared to formally inform Peking of the change in rulership, and a second royal manor was established in the countryside, to maintain the prestige and dignities appropriate to Shō Kō's status.
Historian George H. Kerr suggests the possibility that Shō Kō did not in fact suffer from any mental illness, but rather contemplated radical actions such as seeking the kingdom's independence from Satsuma, to which it was a vassal tributary, in the hopes that this would alleviate the intense economic difficulties faced by the kingdom. If this were the case, perhaps the "Sanshikan" feared that such action was too radical, and too risky, and felt the need to prevent the king from going through with it.

</doc>
<doc id="19241142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241142" title="Marion Terry">
Marion Terry

Marion Bessie Terry (13 October 1853 – 21 August 1930) was an English actress. In a career spanning half a century, she played leading roles in more than 125 plays. Always in the shadow of her older and more famous sister Ellen, Terry nevertheless achieved considerable success in the plays of W. S. Gilbert, Oscar Wilde, Henry James and others.
Biography.
Terry was born in England, into a theatrical family. Her birth name was Mary Ann Bessy Terry, and she was nicknamed "Polly". Her parents, Benjamin (1818–1896), of Irish descent, and Sarah (née Ballard) (1819–1892), of Scottish ancestry, were comic actors in a touring company based in Portsmouth (where Sarah's father was a Wesleyan minister) and had eleven children. At least five of these became actors: Kate, Ellen, Marion, Florence and Fred. Two other children, George and Charles, were connected with theatre management.
Terry's sister Kate was a very successful actress until her marriage and retirement from the stage in 1867, and her sister Ellen became the greatest Shakespearean actress of her time. Her great nephew (Kate's grandson), Sir John Gielgud, became one of the twentieth century's most respected actors. Terry attended a boarding-school for girls at Sunnyside, Kingston upon Thames, together with her favourite sister, Florence.
Career.
Terry's first professional stage appearance was in July 1873 as Ophelia in a production of "Hamlet" directed by Tom Taylor in Manchester. Her first West End appearance came in October 1873 as Isabelle in a farce by John Maddison Morton, "A Game of Romps" at the Olympic Theatre, in the company of Henry Neville. This was followed by the role of Lady Valeria in Morton's "All that Glitters Is Not Gold" at the same theatre. In 1874, she was Hero in Shakespeare's "Much Ado about Nothing" at the Olympic. She then played a season at the Strand Theatre, and in 1875 appeared in "Weak Woman" by H. J. Byron.
Terry next joined the company at the Haymarket Theatre and became a protege of W. S. Gilbert, soon appearing in several of his plays, including "Dan'l Druce, Blacksmith" (1876) as Dorothy, "The Palace of Truth" (1876 revival), "Pygmalion and Galatea" (1877 revival) and "Engaged" (1877), creating the role of Belinda Treherne with great success. Also during that period, she first appeared in "The Danischeffs" by Lord Newry (1876), "Fame" by C. M. Rae (1877), "Charles XII" by James Planché (1877 revival), "The Vagabond", by Gilbert (1878), "Two Orphans" (1878), "The Crushed Tragedian", and "My Little Girl" by Dion Boucicault. In 1879 she moved to the Prince of Wales's Theatre under the management of the Bancrofts and then moved with the company to the Haymarket, performing in revivals of T. W. Robertson's comedies, including as Blanche Haye in "Ours" and Bella in "School". In 1879 she also appeared as Mabel in "Duty" by James Albert and the title role in "Gretchen" by Gilbert.
Now an established actress, Terry continued to play leading roles in contemporary plays. She was Bathsheba in the stage adaptation of "Far from the Madding Crowd" by Thomas Hardy and J. Comyns Carr (1882). The same year, she starred with Lottie Venne and Johnston Forbes-Robertson in G. W. Godfrey's comedy "The Parvenu" at the Court Theatre. She substituted for her sister Ellen, who was ill, as Viola in "Twelfth Night" at the Lyceum Theatre in 1884. In 1885 she played in "The Magistrate" by Arthur Wing Pinero. In 1887, she joined the company of Herbert Beerbohm Tree first at the Comedy Theatre and then at the Haymarket. That year, she also appeared in "The Ballad-Monger", by Walter Bessant. In February 1888, she starred in a revival of Gilbert's "Broken Hearts". Later that year, she toured the British provinces with Henry Irving in another of her sister Ellen's roles, Margaret in "Faust". She played Mrs. Erroll in "The Real Little Lord Fauntleroy" (1889), appeared in "Cyrene" by Alfred C. Calmour (1890), and appeared in 1891 in "Sunlight and Shadow" by R. C. Carton. She continued to tour with Irving's Lyceum company in the 1890s, as Rosamund in Alfred Lord Tennyson's "Becket", as Portia in "The Merchant of Venice" (one of her sister's signature roles), and again as Margaret.
Later years.
In 1892 Terry played perhaps her most famous role, Mrs. Erlynne in "Lady Windermere's Fan", by Oscar Wilde, at the St James's Theatre. This was followed by Hetty in "The Cotton King" by Sutton Vane Sr. (1893). In 1895, she appeared in "Alabama" by Augustus Thomas, in the title role in "Delia Harding" by J. Comyns Carr, and as Mrs. Peverel in "Guy Domville" by Henry James. In 1900 she played the roles of Rosalind and Portia at the Stratford festival. She was Nina in "Forgiveness" by J. Comyns Carr (1901), the title role in "Eleanor" by Mrs. Humphrey Ward (1902), Susan Throssell in "Quality Street" by J. M. Barrie (1902), and Audrie in "Michael and His Lost Angel" by Henry Arthur Jones, among many other engagements.
In 1907, Terry performed in a Royal Command Performance of the 1855 Tom Taylor play, "Still Waters Run Deep", together with Charles Wyndham, before King Edward VII. She played Hamlet's mother in a 1908 revival of Gilbert's parody of "Hamlet", "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern". She toured in America and Canada in 1908 and 1909. Her last role was the Principessa della Cercola in "Our Betters at the Globe" by Somerset Maugham in 1923, fifty years after her first professional appearance. Suffering from arthritis and other ailments, she retired from the stage. In her last years, Terry lived in Paddington, after having lived for many years at Buckingham Palace Mansions.
Terry died at her home in 1930, aged 76, of a cerebral haemorrhage and was buried at St Albans cemetery. She never married and, intensely private offstage, nothing is known of her romantic life. She left an estate of more than £12,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19241152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241152" title="Sons of Silence">
Sons of Silence

Sons of Silence Motorcycle Club (SOSMC) is a one-percenter motorcycle club that was founded in Niwot, Colorado in the United States in 1966. The first chapter outside of Colorado was the Iowa chapter which was founded in 1968. There are now American chapters in Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee and Wyoming. The first foreign chapter was founded in Munich, Germany in 1998. In 2001, more German chapters were founded in Freising, Gangkofen and Nürnberg. In November 2007, a Viernheim chapter was founded.
The Sons of Silence's logo is an American Eagle superimposed over the letter "A" (similar to, and taken from, the Anheuser-Busch logo) flying under an arch and their motto is ""donec mors non separat "", Latin for ""until death separates us"". The logo is embroidered onto the back of all members' jackets or vests.
Criminal activities.
On October 9, 1999, 37 Sons of Silence members were arrested on drug trafficking and illegal weapons charges after one of Denver's largest federal undercover operations. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms raided a number of homes and properties in Colorado Springs and Fort Collins, and seized 20 pounds of methamphetamine, 35 guns, four hand grenades, two suppressors, cash and motorcycles. The investigation began in 1997 and involved two undercover agents infiltrating the club. The club was featured in a 2009 episode of "Gangland", which included interviews with one of the undercover agents who infiltrated the club.
Six Sons of Silence were arrested by the ATF on April 4, 2001 on the charges of trafficking cocaine, cannabis and methamphetamine, as well as firearms, throughout the state of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19241160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241160" title="Consequences (Kipling story)">
Consequences (Kipling story)

Consequences is the title of a short story by Rudyard Kipling, first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on December 9, 1886; and first in book form in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888), and in subsequent editions of that collection. 
The story is an illustration of the power of Mrs Hauksbee. (It is Kipling's third story about her in book form.) Tarrion, a "clever and amusing" young officer in an unfashionable regiment, longs for a permanent appointment in Simla. There he has the good fortune to do Mrs Hauksbee a favour (by forging a date on her invitation, so that she can attend the more prestigious Ball, rather than the smaller "dance" to which she has been sent an invitation by the Governor's A.-D.-C. with whom she has quarrelled). So she owes Tarrion a favour, and asks what she can do. He admits that "I haven't a square inch of interest here in Simla" - but says that he wants a permanent post in that most desirable Hill Station. She agrees to help him.
Now by chance (an ill-written address, and a stupid orderly) she comes into possession of some official papers. These she reads with Tarrion, and he uses them to persuade "the biggest and strongest man that the Government owned" to give him a permanent post. It is not particularly well-paid, but it is finally granted because the Viceroy has an obsession with 'Diplomatic secrecy', and believes that "a boy so well supplied with information would be worth" promoting.
At the end, Tarrion thinks "'If Mrs Hauksbee were twenty years younger, and I her husband, I should be Viceroy of India in fifteen years.'" Mrs Hauksbee thinks "'What fools men are!'"

</doc>
<doc id="19241284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241284" title="Russell C. Eberhart">
Russell C. Eberhart

Russell C. Eberhart, an American electrical engineer, best known as the co-developer of particle swarm optimization concept (with James Kennedy (social psychologist)). He is professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and adjunct professor of Biomedical Engineering at the Purdue School of Engineering and Technology, Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI). Fellow of the IEEE. Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering.
He earned a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Kansas State University in 1972. And he was Associate Editor of IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation and Past president of IEEE Neural Networks Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19241296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241296" title="1973–74 California Golden Seals season">
1973–74 California Golden Seals season

The 1973–74 California Golden Seals season was the Seals' seventh season in the NHL. With the continuing depletion of talent due to the World Hockey Association and a lack of interest from owner Charles O. Finley who put the team up for sale, the Seals had a miserable season and sank to a franchise low 36 points. In January 1974, the NHL bought the Seals from owner Charlie Finley for $6.585 million. With the league takeover, the players immediately returned to wearing black skates. The Seals would conclude the season with the worst record in the league.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1973–74 season:
Playoffs.
They didn't qualify for the playoffs

</doc>
<doc id="19241297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241297" title="Star of Danger">
Star of Danger

Star of Danger is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1965.
Bradley states in "Author's Notes on Chronology" that in her view, "Star of Danger" occurs about thirty years after the events in The Spell Sword. 
Plot Summary.
Wade Montray, a civil servant of the Terran Empire is transferred from Earth to Darkover. A widower, he arrives with his teenaged son, Larry, who is fascinated by this alien world. Larry has learned the rudiments of the Darkovan language from tapes, and wants to explore outside the confines of the Terran Spaceport complex and the Trade City.
During his first solo exploration, Larry runs into a gang of street toughs. A local, Kennard Alton, intervenes. After Larry deports himself well in a one-on-one fight with one of the toughs, Alton invites him to his father’s home where the two share a meal. Alton explains some of the Darkovan customs. Valdir Alton, Kennard’s father, arrives home and invites Larry to return to his home when he wishes.
When Larry returns to his quarters, his father, Wade, is furious with his son’s adventure and confines him to the spaceport. Having promised to lend some books to Kennard, Larry realizes that by Darkovan customs, it will be a grave insult if he fails to return to the Alton home. Against his father’s wishes, he takes the books to Kennard.
Valdir Alton introduces Larry to Lorill Hastur, the head of Darkover’s governing council. Hastur questions Larry about his motivations for returning to the Alton home. Larry’s answers please Hastur, and he expresses his approval. Again, Larry is invited to return, but he says that his father probably won’t allow another visit.
Wade Montray is predictably angry and forbids his son’s return to the city, but later learns that Darkover’s ruling council has taken offense at Montray’s actions. Altons invited Larry to spend the summer at Armida, and recommends that for diplomatic reasons, Wade agrees to this.
After two weeks at Armida, Larry begins to feel more comfortable with the local customs. While riding, Kennard, Larry, Lord Alton and their guardsmen encounter a forest fire. Larry joins the others in fighting the fire. But the fire proves a diversion set by raiding bandits, who have attacked a nearby village. Valdir’s men track the bandits to a canyon, where Larry is taken prisoner during a fight. The bandits believe him to be Kennard Alton. In an attempt to gain information, they drug him with "kirian".
The real Kennard Alton rescues Larry and they escape into the mountains. In the course of their escape, the two boys learn much about each other's cultures, and come to realize that each culture has benefits and drawbacks. Larry’s latent telepathic abilities emerge under the stress of the journey. They encounter Trailmen, banshee-birds and a "chieri". The "chieri" reveals to Kennard that the Darkovans are of Terran origin and returns them, by teleportation, to the spaceport. 
Kennard tells his father that he wishes to leave Darkover to attend school. Larry decides to remain on Darkover, living with the Altons. Under pressure from Valdir Alton, Wade Montray reveals that his wife, Larry’s mother, was a daughter of Aldaran, one of the comyn.

</doc>
<doc id="19241301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241301" title="Guam Public Library System">
Guam Public Library System

Guam Public Library System (Chamorru: Sisteman Laibirihan Pupbleko Guåhan) is the public library system of the United States territory of Guam. The main library is the Nieves M. Flores Memorial Library at 254 Martyr Street in the village of Hagåtña.
Branches:

</doc>
<doc id="19241309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241309" title="NGC 2281">
NGC 2281

NGC 2281 is an open cluster in Auriga constellation.
NGC 2281 is a medium sized, well detached, but poor open cluster in Auriga. It is visible in the 35mm Panoptic but the optimum magnification is achieved with the 17mm Nagler (94x). The stars are arranged in several small groupings and asterisms. The cluster has no central star. The different clumps of stars are arranged in a more or less crooked line starting in the north, with a bright yellow-orange star, going south and then bend of to the east. There are dark areas, and there is no glow visible from unresolved stars or any other nebulosity.

</doc>
<doc id="19241344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241344" title="List of members of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
List of members of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

This is a list of members of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, a cadet branch of the House of Oldenburg. It includes men and women who are members of the male-line descent from King Christian IX of Denmark and therefore bore the title of Prince of Denmark (unless giving it up).
Christian IX of Denmark (1818–1906), had 3 sons and 3 daughters;
Prince Carl of Denmark discontinued use of his Danish titles upon accepting the Norwegian throne, becoming King Haakon VII.
Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark gave up the use of his Greek and Danish titles before marrying Princess Elizabeth, heiress to the British throne.
The Greek royal family continues to use the title "Prince(ss) of Greece and Denmark", but none of them have any succession rights in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19241355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241355" title="In and Out scandal">
In and Out scandal

The "In and Out" scandal was a Canadian political scandal involving improper election spending on the part of the Conservative Party of Canada during the closely contested 2006 federal election. Parliamentary hearings into the issue led to a deadlocking of various committees, and then to the snap election in 2008. On March 6 2012, charges were dropped as part of a plea deal in which the Conservative Party of Canada and its fundraising arm pleaded guilty to exceeding election spending limits and submitting fraudulent election records, and agreed to repay $230,198.00 for its role in violating Canadian election spending laws. 
Background.
The basic "in and out" scheme involves transfers of money between different levels or organizations within a political party. Elections Canada places strict limits on campaign budgets in order to provide an even playing field between the parties. They also directly fund political activity through per-vote financing, as well as reimbursing a major amount of campaign expenses for any riding where the candidate wins over a certain percentage of the votes. In recent elections the per-vote payout has been around $2, while between 50 and 60% of campaign expenses are re-paid if the candidate wins over 10 to 15% of the riding.
It is the second of these two funding sources that is used in the in-and-out scheme. In the 2000 federal elections the Bloc Québécois organized a system to inflate apparent campaign spending at the riding level, and thereby receive much higher refunds from Elections Canada. The Bloc organized "La Méthode In & Out" prior to the elections, having each candidate agree to certain spending numbers in order to inflate the overall cash flows. In exchange, Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe would sign their nomination papers, a requirement for running as a party candidate in the election.
Large amounts of cash were transferred from the party organization to the individual riding associations that are in charge of running one candidate's election campaign. The money was then distributed to the volunteers as payments for various expenses. The volunteers then donated that money back to the party. On the surface it appeared that the ridings were spending much larger amounts of money than normal, enough to drain the party war chest. In fact, a considerable portion of the money was being returned directly to the party's coffers.
Under normal circumstances the money received by the volunteers would be subject to income tax and therefore the scheme would be unattractive to them. But because the money was then spent on political donations, it could be written off. The only cost to the volunteer was time in filling out their tax forms - something they were giving up anyway as a volunteer for the party.
The scheme may have remained unknown if not for an court case against former Bloc MP, Jean-Paul Marchand. Marchand agreed to spend $66,000 as part of the in and out scheme, but spent only $22,276. The Bloc sued Marchand, saying he had broken his contract and owed them $36,362. A Quebec judge agreed with the Bloc, but lowered the amount to $16,362. When the story broke in 2003 as a result of the court case, the ruling Liberal Party immediately started to implement changes to the election law to stop this process. However, these changes were not implemented before the party lost power in 2006.
In and Out.
The current scandal, to which the term "in and out" now largely applies, refers to a scheme implemented by the Conservative Party in the 2006 election, the election that prevented passage of the bill outlawing the practice.
In this case of "in and out", it is held that the scheme was not only intended as a method of gaining additional income, but also as a way to avoid limitations on campaign spending at the national level. Having reached their $18.3 million campaign spending limit, the party transferred $1.3 million to 67 riding offices that had not yet reached their own local campaign limits, which varied but were around $80,000. The ridings then returned the money to the party, stating that it was being used to purchase advertising. The ads in question were identical to the party's national ads with the exception of a "paid for by..." message in small print that was added to the end of the ad in post-production.
The scheme was once again noticed only in a roundabout fashion, when some of the riding finance officers asked for the 60% reimbursement from Elections Canada. The first was an invoice submitted by Vancouver East candidate Elizabeth Pagtakhan; asked to explain a $29,999.70 election expense, Pagtakhan's official agent, Denny Pagtakhan, told an auditor "I think we contributed to TV national advertising. There was no way we can spend our limit so we were asked by the Party if we can help contribute."
Noticing that the invoices were all from a single company in Toronto, Retail Media, they became suspicious and Commissioner William Corbett started an investigation. Investigator Ronald Lamothe questioned Retail Media about the invoices, notably one for $39,999.91 sent by Steve Halicki's campaign for the riding of York South-Weston. The invoice was on Retail Media letterhead, yet Retail Media stated that they dealt only with the party and "did not generate invoices to candidates or electoral districts." The CEO even went so far to claim that "the invoice must have been altered or created by someone, because it did not conform to the appearance of invoices sent by Retail Media to the Conservative Party of Canada with respect to the media buy."
Returning to Steve Halicki's riding, Barbro Soderberg, Halicki's official agent, told investigators she was approached by Conservative Party campaign manager Romolo Cimaroli, who proposed a deposit of about $40,000 into Halicki's campaign account. The funds would be immediately transferred back to the party and recorded as an advertising expense. Despite misgivings, she was reassured by party officials that the transaction was legal.
The Conservative Party denied any documents were doctored or falsified, and claimed that the payments were above board. They stated that regional groups of riding organizations had met to plan out bulk purchases of airtime to be billed to the national party. The "alterations" were simply the editing of the bills at the party headquarters to divide up the amounts that should be billed to each riding.
Fallout.
Elections Canada didn't accept the explanation, noting that the money was only sent out to candidates who had not spent close to their $80,000 limit, something the party could not have known before the election started. They also noted that airtime blocks were booked weeks before the ads ran, or the money had been paid to the ridings. In April 2007 the Chief Electoral Officer, Marc Mayrand, refused to pay the refunds, totaling about $780,000, stating that the party had paid for the ads. In an obvious parallel with the Bloc events of a decade earlier, the Conservative Party decided to sue Elections Canada to get the money back.
On 15 April 2008, Elections Canada and Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officers raided the Conservative party headquarters in Ottawa. Tipped off, major news organizations and cameramen from the other political parties were already on hand when the RCMP officers arrived. Lamothe's affidavit noted:
"a deliberate 'in-and-out' scheme conceived to move money from national coffers into and out of the accounts of local campaigns, which have their own spending limits, in order to skirt the national spending limit... Funds were transferred into and out of each of the bank accounts of the 67 campaigns ... entirely under the control of and at the direction of officials of the Conservative Fund of Canada and/or the Conservative Party of Canada... The purpose of the in and out transfers was to provide participating candidates with documentation to support their reimbursement claims for these election expenses."
Garth Turner, who was elected in 2006 running for the Conservatives but later moved to the Liberals, went on record stating he was personally aware of one such transaction. He said:
"I was asked to be the guest speaker ... but before I gave my speech the treasurer gave their report for the annual meeting and they had more than $40,000, which was transferred into their bank account and then the same day they wrote a cheque back to the central party. And by transferring $40,000 into their bank account during the campaign they got a 60 per cent rebate.
Sam Goldstein, who ran what "The Ottawa Citizen" described as a Conservative "token campaign" against Olivia Chow in Trinity—Spadina, later went on record stating that he agrees that the transfers were to pay for national ads. He told "Citizen" that "Its national advertising is what it is."
A brief political firestorm erupted over the issue, which was quieted by the 2008 election that started soon after. The opposition parties repeatedly attacked the Prime Minister during Question Period. The Prime Minister only responded directly to the questions on one occasion, challenging the Liberals to make their accusations outside the chamber where they were not protected from parliamentary privilege.
Conservative party executives and press contacts stated that there is nothing illegal about transferring money to ridings for advertising, and that all the parties did it. Heather MacIvor at the University of Windsor noted that the Conservatives were being disingenouous, and that it was the intent to receive the Elections Canada funds that constituted the "in and out".
House investigation and snap election.
The issue fell under the purview of the House Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs, an inter-party group that includes all four party whips.
At the time, the committee was chaired by Conservative Gary Goodyear, who the opposition parties claim used his position to delay any debate on the issue, including hours of filibuster. This led to his removal from the position in a vote of non-confidence. He was replaced by Joe Preston who did not want the position, called no meetings, and then resigned almost immediately. The Conservative party whip, Jay Hill, stated that no new chair would be named unless the opposition parties agree to drop any debate of the in and out scheme.
The remaining members of Committee nevertheless continued to investigate, calling a number of witnesses to testify about the affair. Most of them refused to appear, which led to the issuing of 31 summonses, unparalleled in House history.
The deadlocking of the Procedure and House Affairs committee was one of a number of such actions that had led to a breakdown of the House process. On 14 May, the Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons, Peter Milliken, said rulings by committee chairs are being routinely overturned by majority votes, even when the rulings are procedurally sound. Such a state of affairs has led to "general lawlessness" at committees. Partisan fighting, the cause of the problem, was renewed as the parties blamed each other for the problems.
It was this breakdown of procedure that led to the calls for a snap election. Stephen Harper blamed Stéphane Dion for the problems when he first hinted on 14 August that an election might be called. Referring to the in and out hearings as a kangaroo court, he stated that the committees were being ruled by a "tyranny of the majority". No breakthrough was forthcoming, and the election call was made on 27 August.
Continuing controversy.
The court case against Elections Canada is ongoing. The Conservatives claimed to have won a victory when their case against Elections Canada returned a decision suggesting that the body had overstepped its mandate. However, this ruling was then overturned on appeal. The Conservatives sought leave to appeal that court ruling to the Supreme Court of Canada, which was rejected on May 4, 2011. No explanation was given, as is usual in such instances. The decision means that the Conservatives may not use local expenses as a means of reducing their 2006 election expenses.
In 2010 and 2011, several former Conservatives came forward, saying they were punished for refusing to take part in the scheme. Inky Mark of Manitoba and Helena Guergis of Ontario both state they were approached in 2006 to take funds from the federal party and then return them. Both refused. They join similar claims made earlier by David Marler of Quebec, and Dave Mackenzie of Ontario, who was noted as also refusing the funds although he has not spoken publicly on the issue.
On February 24, 2011, 4 senior Conservative Party members were charged in the In and Out Scandal under the Elections Canada Act with overspending over $1 million in the 2006 election including allegations that Conservative election expense documents submitted to Elections Canada were "false or misleading" and attempted to fraudulently gain almost $1 million in refunds from taxpayers. Senator Doug Finley, (the party's campaign director in 2006 and 2008, and the husband of Human Resources Development Minister Diane Finley), Senator Irving Gerstein, Michael Donison (former national party director) and Susan Kehoe (who has served as an interim party executive director) all face 3 months in jail, $1000 in fines or both.
On March 6 2012, charges were dropped as part of a plea deal which saw the Conservative Party plead guilty over the 'In and Out' scandal, agreeing to repay $230,198.00 for its role in the scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="19241369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241369" title="Thomas McKay (fur trader)">
Thomas McKay (fur trader)

Thomas McKay (1796 – 1849) was an Anglo-Métis Canadian Fur trader who worked mainly in the Pacific Northwest for the Pacific Fur Company (PFC), the North West Company (NWC), and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC). He was a fur brigade leader and explorer of the Columbia District and later became a U.S. citizen and an early settler of Oregon.
Family.
Thomas was born at Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario in 1796, or perhaps 1797 or 1798.
His father was the fur trader Alexander MacKay. His mother, from a marriage à la façon du pays (in the style of the country), was a Métis woman named Marguerite Wadin, the daughter of a Cree woman and Jean Etienne Wadin, a Swiss fur trader.
Wives and children.
Thomas McKay had at least three wives during his life. His first wife was Timmee, a Chinook woman, daughter of Chief Concomly. McKay's second wife was an Umatilla woman about whom little is known. His third wife was Isabelle Montour. He had six sons and two daughters altogether.
Pacific Fur Company.
In 1811 Thomas McKay accompanied his father on the "Tonquin" to the mouth of the Columbia River, where the Pacific Fur Company's Fort Astoria was built.
Thomas, who was about 15 years old at the time, was at Fort Astoria when his father Alexander McKay was killed in late 1811 at Clayoquot Sound during the "Tonquin" incident. In 1813 Fort Astoria and all other Pacific Fur Company assets were sold to the North West Company. Thomas McKay, like a number of other Astorians, joined the NWC at that time.
North West Company.
Thomas McKay joined the North West Company after the failure of the Pacific Fur Company in 1813.
Between 1815 and 1819 Thomas was in the Red River Colony and fought on the side of the North West Company and the Métis people against the Hudson's Bay Company. McKay fought at the 1816 Battle of Seven Oaks. By 1819 he was back on the Columbia. Within two years the entire North West Company was merged into the Hudson's Bay Company.
Hudson's Bay Company.
After the North West Company was merged with the Hudson's Bay Company in 1821 Thomas McKay became an HBC employee, despite having fought the company in the Red River Colony war. In 1824 John McLoughlin was appointed Chief Factor of the Columbia Department. He and his family moved that year to Fort George (Astoria) and then, once it was built, Fort Vancouver, the new headquarters of the HBC Columbia Department. In 1811 McLoughlin had married Marguerite Wadin, widow of Alexander MacKay and mother of Thomas McKay. Thus in 1824 Thomas's mother and stepfather moved across the continent to the very place Thomas was living.
In the 1820s the HBC sent trading, trapping, and exploring parties south into the Willamette Valley and beyond, eventually reaching California (Mexican Alta California at the time). In 1825 Thomas McKay and Finan McDonald led one of these exploring expeditions south of the Columbia River. He led or accompanied several others.
From 1826 to 1828 McKay took part repeatedly in the Snake Country brigades under Peter Skene Ogden. During this time Ogden explored not only the Snake River basin, but the Deschutes River and Blue Mountains of Oregon, as well as the Klamath Lake region, and the Great Salt Lake and its tributary the Weber River.
George Simpson, head of the HBC, had decided to try to over-exploit the Snake Country and create a "fur desert", for the political purpose of keeping American trappers and traders away. McKay, along with other former NWC trappers such as Peter Ogden, Finan McDonald, Francois Payette, and others, "took up Simpson's orders with a fanatical zeal, declaring war on fur-bearing animals south of the Columbia," as historian Richard Mackie put it.
In 1829 Thomas McKay took part in Alexander McLeod's expedition to California. McLeod's party reached as far south as the San Joaquin River and was the first of what became an annual trapping expedition to California, known as the Southern Party. The route from Fort Vancouver to the lower Sacramento River became known as the Siskiyou Trail.
In 1836 McKay led a HBC Southern Party brigade to the Pit River region of California. In 1840-41 McKay and Michel Laframboise were brigade leaders of the Southern Party to California.
In 1832 McKay was given charge of an HBC farm at Scappoose. Within a year he had moved to and settled at Champoeg. He may have retired from the HBC at this time, although he continued to work for the company off and on for many years.
McKay lead a brigade to the Snake Country in 1834, reaching into the far southeast of today's state of Idaho. John Kirk Townsend, who was accompanying an American expedition to establish Fort Hall, described Thomas Mckay's party at the future site of Fort Hall in 1834 as consisting of 17 French Canadians and "half-breeds", and 13 Indians (Nez Perce, Chinook, and Cayuse). Townsend also noted that McKay enforced the HBC policies brigade order, decorum, and strict subordination, as well as the prohibition of trading whiskey to the Indians. All these things, Townsend noted, were in stark contrast to the behavior of American fur traders in the region. Fort Hall was part of an effort by Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth to break into the Columbia region and compete with the HBC. Politically the entire Oregon Country was free and open to British and American ventures, but the HBC was able to maintain its dominance in the region through various barriers to entry tactics such as dumping and predatory pricing. Wyeth's attempt to compete in the early 1830s was quickly made untenable by the HBC. In the case of Fort Hall, Thomas McKay built the rival post of Fort Boise, which supported an increased HBC effort to turn the Snake Country into a "fur desert" and drive the Americans out. The strategy worked and by 1837 Wyeth had abandoned the region and sold his company's assets, including Fort Hall, to the Hudson's Bay Company.
In 1834 McKay met the American missionary Jason Lee at Fort Hall. McKay guided Lee from Fort Hall to Fort Vancouver, then helped Lee select the site of Willamette Mission.
Thomas McKay remained active in the Snake Country until 1838. He spent most of 1839 at Champoeg.
Later life.
Thomas McKay spent most of his later years between his farms at Champoeg and Scappoose. At some point he became a United States citizen.
In 1840 he drove more than 3,600 sheep and 661 cattle from California to Fort Nisqually for the HBC.
In 1841, members of the overland party of the Wilkes Expedition met and breakfasted with McKay at his Champoeg farm. George Colvocoresses of the expedition wrote about McKay, saying that he is "one of the most noted individuals in this part of the country. Among the trappers, he is the hero of many a tale."
McKay raised and led a company of militia which saw active service during the Cayuse War of 1848.
In September 1848 he guided a train of 50 wagons to California.
He died in 1849, and is buried in an unmarked grave in Scappoose.

</doc>
<doc id="19241413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241413" title="Charlie Grant">
Charlie Grant

Charles Grant Jr. (August 31, 1874 – July 9, 1932) was an African American second baseman in Negro League baseball. Grant nearly crossed the baseball color line decades before Jackie Robinson when Major League Baseball manager John McGraw attempted to pass him off as a Native American named "Tokohama".
Background.
Grant was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the son of an African American horse trainer. A good fielder, Grant was of "medium height" and weighed approximately 160 pounds and hit right-handed.
When star second baseman Sol White left the Page Fence Giants after just one season, Charlie Grant replaced him in 1896. Grant and Page Fence defeated White's new team, the Cuban X-Giants, ten games to five to win an 1896 championship series played in various southern Michigan towns. Page Fence disbanded in 1899 and Grant moved with most of the players to the Columbia Giants of Chicago. He also captained the Columbia Giants for at least part of one season.
Tokohama.
After spending 1900 with Columbia, Grant was working as a bellhop at the Eastland Hotel in Hot Springs, Arkansas in March 1901. John McGraw and the new American League's Baltimore Orioles began training that season in Hot Springs and staying at the Eastland. McGraw saw Grant playing baseball with his co-workers around the hotel and recognized that Grant had a level of talent suitable for the major leagues. McGraw decided to disguise the light-skinned, straight-haired Grant as a Cherokee and gave him the name Charlie Tokohama, anecdotally after noticing a creek named "Tokohama" on a map in the hotel.
McGraw's scheme began unravelling when the team travelled to Chicago, where Grant had played for the previous few years. To celebrate Grant's return, his African American friends staged a conspicuous ceremony, including a flower bouquet. Chicago White Sox President Charles Comiskey soon objected to "Tokohama" and affirmed that he was actually Grant. Grant maintained his disguise, claiming that his father was white and that his mother was Cherokee and living in Lawrence, Kansas. McGraw initially persisted but later claimed that "Tokohama" was inexperienced, especially on defense, and left him off his Opening Day roster. Grant returned to the Columbia Giants and never played in the major leagues.
Later career and accidental death.
Grant played for the Cuban X-Giants in 1903. After Sol White's Philadelphia Giants were defeated in the 1903 "colored championship", White overhauled the team including hiring Charlie Grant to replace Frank Grant (no relation). In 1905, Charlie Grant, White, shortstop Grant Johnson and third baseman Bill Monroe were considered one of the best infields in Negro League history. Grant and the Giants won the championship in 1906. He also played for the Fe club in 1906. He later played for the Lincoln Giants, Quaker Giants, New York Black Sox and Cincinnati Stars, last playing in 1916.
Grant's 1918 Draft card reveals he was living at 802 Blair Avenue in Cincinnati, Ohio. He lists his mother as a contact at the same address. And he also lists his employment as "janitor" at the same address as his home, through a company called "Thomas Emery and Sons."
In July 1932, Grant was killed in an unusual accident. While seated in front of a Cincinnati apartment building where he worked as a janitor, a passing automobile hit him after its tire exploded. Grant was buried in Spring Grove Cemetery and his grave is a short distance from fellow second baseman, Baseball Hall of Fame member Miller Huggins.

</doc>
<doc id="19241430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241430" title="Gareth Gwenlan">
Gareth Gwenlan

Gareth Gwenlan OBE (born 26 April 1937) is a British television producer, best known for his work on shows such as "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin", "To the Manor Born", "Only Fools and Horses", and "High Hopes". In 1983 he was appointed Head of Comedy for BBC, a position he held until 1990.
Gwenlan was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="19241484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241484" title="Mike Stephens">
Mike Stephens

Mike Stephens is a British television producer and director, most famous for his role as producer and director of the show, Allo 'Allo!". He also produced and directed both series of the short lived series, "First of the Summer Wine".

</doc>
<doc id="19241493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241493" title="Kotoe Inoue">
Kotoe Inoue

Kotoe Inoue (井上琴絵 "Inoue Kotoe", born February 15, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.
Career.
While attending high school, the volleyball team won in the Domestic Sports Festival (girl's Volleyball).
Inoue won the Bronze medal and the Best Libero award at the 2010 Asian Club Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19241510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241510" title="Vijay Bhatt">
Vijay Bhatt

Vijay Bhatt (born as Vijayshankar Jagneshwar Bhatt) (1907–1993) was a noted producer-director-screenwriter of Hindi cinema, who made such films as "Ram Rajya" (1943), "Baiju Bawra" (1952), "Goonj Uthi Shehnai" (1959) and "Himalaya Ki God Mein" (1965).
He founded Prakash Pictures, a film production company and Prakash Studios in Andheri East, Mumbai, which produced 64 feature films. Bhatt was one of the founding members of Film and Television Producers Guild of India.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Vijayshankar Jagneshwar Bhatt was born on 12 May 1907, into the modest household of Benkunwar Bhatt and Jagneshwar Bhatt, who was a railway guard at Palitana, Bhavnagar district, Gujarat. 
He moved to Bombay in his twenties, along with his elder brother, Shankarbhai Bhatt, who took up a job, and went on to become a noted producer; Vijay enrolled in St. Xavier’s College, and completed Intermediate from the Science stream, and later received a diploma in ‘Electrical Lighting and Traction’ through a correspondence course from London.
Career.
After completing his with an electrician’s diploma, Bhatt started his career at Bombay Electric Supply & Tramways Company Limited (BEST), where he worked till he became the Drawing Office Superintendent. Though he had already written a few scripts for Gujarati theatre, a meeting with Ardeshir Irani was turning point in his career. Irani, who later "Alam Ara" India’s first talkie, and also managed the Royal Film Company studio, introduced Bhatt to its owner Abu Husain. When Husain like one of his script, it paved way of his debut in Indian film industry by as a screenwriter, for director K P Bhave’s silent film, "Vidhi Ka Vidhan". Irani produced two more his scripts, "Pani Mein Aag" and "Ghulam" (1929) He eventually producing his first silent film, "Delhi Ka Chhela" in 1929, and went on to direct many notable films, in Hindi, Gujarati and Marathi cinema.
His early film "Ram Rajya" (1942) was a bit hit, and also made news, when it was shown to Mahatma Gandhi in 1942. In 1947, he took the film to US, where it was first shown at Museum of Modern Art, New York on 5 May 1947, later he also met noted Hollywood director, Cecil B. DeMille 
His film "Baiju Bawra" (1952), which was based on the historical tiff between Emperor Akbar's court musician Tansen and the talented singer, Baiju Bawra, not just ran for hundred weeks in Bombay, becoming a diamond jubilee hit, but also established its lead cast, Meena Kumari and Bharat Bhushan. Meena Kumari, who won her first Filmfare Best Actress Award for the film, was launched by Vijay Bhatt in his film "Leatherface" (1939), as a child artist, "Baby Meena" (born Mahjabeen Bano),
a name that stayed with her for the rest of her career.
Personal life.
The older brother of Vijay Bhatt was director-producer Harsukh Jagneshwar Bhatt. Other siblings included Shankarbhai Bhatt (producer), Labhshankarbhai Bhatt, Durlabhben Bhatt, and Nirmalaben Pandya. 
Vijay Bhatt was married to Rama Bhatt, with whom he had two sons, Arun Bhatt and Pravin Bhatt, and two daughters, and later six granddaughters and four grandsons. His son, Pravin Bhatt, is a cinematographer in Hindi cinema, and his grandson, Vikram Bhatt, is a noted film director. Arun Bhatt, his older son, was a film director in Hindi cinema with films such as Vardaan starring Mehmood, Jawani Zindabad and Ghar Jamaai. He was a renowned producer-director of Gujarati Cinema with a record of 9 films being jubilees out of the 14 he had made. His son Chirantan Bhatt is a music director in Bollywood and has given hits such as BOSS, Haunted 3D and 1920 Evil Returns, EMI and Mission Istanbul. 

</doc>
<doc id="19241515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241515" title="Charles R. Woods">
Charles R. Woods

Charles Robert Woods (February 19, 1827 – February 26, 1885) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War. He is noted for commanding the relief troops that first attempted to resupply Fort Sumter prior to the start of the conflict, and served with distinction during the war.
Early life and career.
Charles Woods was born in the city of Newark in Licking County, Ohio, the younger brother of William Burnham Woods and the brother-in-law of Willard Warner, both future Union generals. He grew up on his family's farm in Ohio, where he received a minimal education from tutoring. 
Woods entered the United States Military Academy at West Point in July 1848, and graduated four years later, standing 20th out of 43 cadets. He was appointed a brevet second lieutenant on July 1, 1852, and ordered to join the 1st U.S. Infantry Regiment. On July 31 of that year Woods was promoted to the rank of second lieutenant. During 1855 he was transferred to the 9th U.S. Infantry as of March 3, and was promoted to first lieutenant on October 16. Woods' pre-war military career consisted of "routine duty" in Texas as well as in the Washington Territory until 1860.
Civil War service.
In early 1861, Woods was ordered by the U.S. Army to lead reinforcements to Fort Sumter, located in Charleston Harbor, South Carolina. On January 5 his command of 200 officers and men left from Governors Island in New York Harbor aboard the steamer SS "Star of the West", escorted by the sloop USS "Brooklyn", for Fort Sumter. 
On January 8 at dark Woods arrived off Charleston Harbor, and when it was light enough on January 9 they entered the bay. Woods and the steamer weren't fired upon until they arrived within one and three-quarter miles (about half a kilometer) of both Sumter and Fort Moultrie, when they were fired on by an artillery battery near the northern end of Morris Island. Woods described in his report what occurred next: 
Woods and the "Star of the West" returned to New York Harbor on January 12, 1861, and he filed his full report the next day from Fort Columbus. On April 1 he was promoted to the rank of captain, and on October 13 he was given command of the 76th Ohio Infantry Regiment with the rank of colonel. Woods' first assignment with his regiment was briefly in what is now West Virginia in the fall of 1861. 
In 1862, Woods began his Western Theater service.
His regiment participated in the capture of Fort Donelson in Tennessee on February 16, 1862, as well as the Battle of Shiloh on April 6. Woods was promoted to brigade command in the Army of the Tennessee shortly before the Siege of Corinth on April 29, which lasted until June 10. He then took charge of his prior regiment during the Battle of Chickasaw Bayou that December. Woods fought well during rest of the Vicksburg Campaign and the Siege of Vicksburg, and for his performance during the siege Woods was appointed a brevet lieutenant colonel in the Regular Army as of July 4, 1863. 
Woods fought with distinction at the Third Battle of Chattanooga in November 1863, and was made a brevet colonel in the Regular Army as of November 24 for his efforts there. He was promoted to the rank of brigadier general in the Union Army on August 4, and by January 1864 was given divisional command. He was promoted to major in the Regular Army in the 18th U.S. Infantry on April 20, 1864, and was appointed a brevet major general in the Union Army for his actions during the Battle of Griswoldville on November 22, the first engagement of Sherman's March to the Sea. Woods was then appointed a regular brevet brigadier general and quickly then to brevet major general on March 13, 1865, both in the Regular Army.
Postbellum.
Woods chose to continue his military career and remain in the U.S. Army after the end of the American Civil War. He was assigned to command the Department of Alabama from June 27, 1865 to May 19, 1866, and then commanded the Department of the South until August 6. He was promoted in the Regular Army to lieutenant colonel on July 28 in the 33rd U.S. Infantry, and was mustered out of the volunteer service on September 1. 
On September 24, 1866 Woods was transferred to the 27th U.S. Infantry, lasting until March 15, 1869, when he was unassigned for 19 days. On March 24 he was assigned to the 5th U.S. Infantry, and on February 18, 1874, he was promoted to colonel and given command of the 2nd U.S. Infantry. He held this post until retiring on December 15 due to his failing health.
Woods died at the age of 58 at his estate named "Woodside" in Newark, Ohio. He was buried there in Cedar Hill Cemetery, as would be his brother and brother-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="19241520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241520" title="Edward Tucker Leeke">
Edward Tucker Leeke

The Reverend Edward Tucker Leeke (1842–1925) was a British clergyman and scholar. He was Canon and sub-dean of Lincoln Cathedral.
The son of Revd. William Leeke, the Waterloo veteran and historian, Edward Tucker Leeke was born in 1842.
He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was awarded Second Wrangler in 1863. He was made a Fellow of Trinity, and was assistant tutor for some years. He was appointed curate of St Andrew the Less, Cambridge, becoming vicar there in 1869. In 1877 he was made canon and chancellor of Lincoln Cathedral, and sub-dean in 1898. He was chaplain at Lincoln Hospital, and for seventeen years was vicar of St Nicholas with st John-in-Newport, in Lincoln. He wrote "Ourselves, our People, our Work: Six addresses given in the Divinity Schools, Cambridge", published in 1891.
In 1880 Leeke married Dora Wordsworth, daughter of Christopher Wordsworth, Bishop of Lincoln. They had five sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19241525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241525" title="Max Dunn">
Max Dunn

Maxell Walter Dumont Dunn (? – 4 September 1963) was an Australian editor, publisher, poet, and literary translator.
Biography.
Born in Dublin, Ireland, Dunn's early life remains obscure, though he claimed to have been educated at the University of Edinburgh, and in France and the United States, before moving to Australia in 1924, and settling in Melbourne. His claims to have been in the Royal Flying Corps in World War I also seem unsubstantiated. Dunn worked as a psychotherapist, poet, publisher, and journalist with the Argus, Smith's Weekly, and other Melbourne newspapers and magazines. Dunn also worked as a literary translator from the Chinese. Dunn became a Buddhist priest in 1955. He died of cancer on in the Melbourne suburb of South Yarra. 

</doc>
<doc id="19241530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241530" title="Maggie Ollerenshaw">
Maggie Ollerenshaw

Maggie Ollerenshaw is a British actress most famous for her role as Mavis on the sitcom "Open All Hours". She also played Mrs. Clegg in the short-lived series, "First of the Summer Wine". She became a more familiar television face after playing Florence Ranby in "The House of Eliott" terrorising the girls in the workroom. She received a BAFTA best comedy performance nomination for playing Ethel in an episode of "Last Of The Summer Wine". She featured as Martha in the Andrew Davies adaptation of Trollope's classic "He Knew He Was Right". Her many other television credits include leading roles in "Lovejoy", "Coronation Street", "Heartbeat", "Holby City", "One Foot In The Grave", "Teachers", "Victoria Wood", "The Hunt For The Yorkshire Ripper", "Midsomer Murders" and "Wire In The Blood". Her films include "Britannia Hospital", "A Private Function", "Pierrepoint" and most recently Steven Spielberg's "War Horse". She was nominated as Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Screamers" at the "Warehouse Theatre". Her one-woman show "Yours Sincerely", a musical play about Dame Vera Lynn has played in the UK and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19241538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241538" title="If Today Was Your Last Day">
If Today Was Your Last Day

"If Today Was Your Last Day" is the third single from Nickelback's sixth studio album "Dark Horse". It was originally planned as the first single, to hit all U.S. radio formats September 30, 2008, but was scrapped as the first single in favour of "Gotta Be Somebody". Instead it was released on March 31, 2009. It was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange, who produced the entire album. The song was released as a digital download in the U.S. on November 11. "If Today Was Your Last Day" was released in the UK on June 15. The song was performed live for the very first time on May 22 at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, England.
In the U.S., the song has sold over 1,500,000 downloads, as of February 2010. According to Roadrunner Records UK, the song is "dynamically swelling our bank accounts". The song has also apparently been around with Nickelback for a while, but had never been finished. The song received gold certification in Australia.
The lead vocalist/guitarist Chad Kroeger has mentioned the song as his personal favorite from "Dark Horse". He had described the middle part of the song as "very motivational, and very positive".
The song was used for promotional videos in the Winter Olympics in 2010, and was used as the closing song during NHL Tonight's 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs coverage.
Music video.
The music video was shot with director Nigel Dick in March 2009. Performance portions of the video were shot at the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska and in New York City. The other portion was shot in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The music video premiered on 23 April. In the beginning, two trashy teenage boys dressed in black seem to be up to some sort of shady business in Philadelphia. They record their journey on a camcorder. They carry mysterious blacks bags with them which seem to be filled with illegal stuff. In the end, they stand on top of a bridge ready to carry out their plan. They open the bags, but only harmless colorful pieces of paper with quotes from the song such as "forgive your enemy" and "live each moment" fall over the people beneath them. This inspires two women to hand out coats with messages similar to those on the colored paper, a wealthy-looking man to hand money to everyone he meets, an arguing couple make up and a man arguing with presumably his boss to quit. All of the quotes refer to lines in the song "If Today Was Your Last Day."
Charts.
On October 2008, "If Today Was Your Last Day" debuted at #35 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the U.S. based on downloads only. After its release as an official single, it re-entered the Hot 100 and reached a new peak at #19. It is their second top twenty hit on the Hot 100 from "Dark Horse", and their ninth top twenty hit on the chart overall. In Canada, it debuted at #91 on the Canadian Hot 100 also based on just downloads, and after its physical release in Canada and receiving airplay it made a re-entry on the chart at #67 and would go on to reach #7.

</doc>
<doc id="19241549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241549" title="Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center">
Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center

Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center is the umbrella organization that includes Loma Linda University and all associated entities including all the schools (e.g.: School of Allied Health Professions, School of Medicine, etc.) and the Loma Linda University Medical Center and its entities.

</doc>
<doc id="19241566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241566" title="HMS Aigle">
HMS Aigle

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Aigle", after the French for Eagle:

</doc>
<doc id="19241595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241595" title="NGC 1893">
NGC 1893

NGC 1893 is an open cluster in the constellation Auriga. The star cluster is imbedded in the emission nebula IC 410. 

</doc>
<doc id="19241598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241598" title="José Lino Matute">
José Lino Matute

José Lino Matute served as the acting president of Honduras from 12 November 1838 until 10 January 1839. He was essentially the last president of Honduras when it was part of the United Central America, however his successor Juan Francisco de Molina held office for about a day before Honduras officially became independent.

</doc>
<doc id="19241609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241609" title="Ian McConville">
Ian McConville

Ian McConville is the creator of the webcomic "Mac Hall".
At the 2003 Web Cartoonists' Choice Awards, McConville and his co-writer Matt Boyd won in the categories of :

</doc>
<doc id="19241614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241614" title="Yōji">
Yōji

Possible writings.
Yōji can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19241642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241642" title="Good Dog, Happy Man">
Good Dog, Happy Man

Good Dog, Happy Man is the 11th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and features performances by Frisell, Greg Leisz, Wayne Horvitz, Viktor Krauss and Jim Keltner with a guest appearance by Ry Cooder on guitar.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "Again, Frisell often captures a loose, evolutionary jamming quality in these sessions, playing the country accents off of his jazz sensibilities. Unlike its predecessor, though, you can't imagine this being recorded on a backwoods front porch, for there are some production tricks and distant-sounding electronic loops that give away its Burbank studio origins. Purists on either side of the jazz/country divide are hereby warned to back off so that the rest of us can enjoy this".

</doc>
<doc id="19241665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241665" title="Greta Army Camp">
Greta Army Camp

Greta Army Camp was an Australian army camp built in 1939 near Greta, New South Wales, Australia. It was used for training soldiers of the Second AIF (2AIF) during World War II. The Australian army sold the site at auction in 1980.
In November 1939, of land was compulsorily acquired in the Allandale-Greta area to create one of the Australian Army's largest training camps. Built for the training of the 6th Division of the 2AIF because the existing Australian army facilities were occupied by Citizens Military Force units.
The 2/11th Battalion arrived at the camp on 15 December 1939 and were later joined by the 2/10th Battalion. The camp facilities were expanded during the war, with two parts of the camp known as "Chocolate City", due to the brown-coloured oiled timber weatherboard buildings in that part of the camp and "Silver City", due to corrugated iron Nissen huts built in that part of the camp. Citizens Military Force units were also trained at the camp, with up to 60,000 Australian soldiers trained during World War II.
After the war, much of the field training areas were returned to grazing purposes, however the camp was required for the training of troops preparing to join the occupation forces in Japan. In 1949, Greta Camp was transferred to the Department of Immigration and until 1960 it was used as a reception and training centre for European migrants with over 100,000 immigrants passing through the centre. The Army resumed control of the camp in 1962 and, after being used intermittently for training exercises. It was sold at auction by the Australian army in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19241670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241670" title="William Marr">
William Marr

William W. Marr, PhD (traditional Chinese: 馬為義; simplified Chinese: 马为义; pinyin: ma wei yi; born September 3, 1936) is a retired engineering researcher and poet.
Engineering research career.
Marr was born in Taiwan and grew up in a small village in Guangdong, China. He was educated in Taiwan and came to the United States in 1961 as an engineering student. After receiving his master's degree in mechanical engineering from Marquette University in 1963, he worked for Allis-Chalmers Mfg. Co. in Milwaukee, developing safety and control systems for nuclear power plants. He entered the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1967 and received his PhD degree in nuclear engineering two years later. In 1969, he joined Argonne National Laboratory as a researcher, working in the area of energy and environmental systems, including Liquid Metal Fast Breeder Reactor safety research, and electric hybrid vehicle development. More than one hundred technical reports and articles had been published before his early retirement in 1996.
Poet and Translator.
Besides his career in engineering research, Dr. Marr has devoted most of his leisure time to the translation and writing of modern poetry. Over the years, he has published thirteen books of poems in his native Chinese language, all under the pen name Fei Ma (traditional Chinese: 非馬; simplified Chinese: 非马), and several books of translations. He published his first book of poems in English, "Autumn Window", in 1995. The book was very well received. The "Chicago Tribune" and several local newspapers carried favorable reviews and he was hailed by one of the Chicago critics as one of the collectible Chicago poets. Regarded as one of the leading contemporary Chinese-language poets, his poems are included in over one hundred anthologies, ranging from literary textbooks to special collections and have been translated into more than ten languages. He has also edited several anthologies of Chinese and Taiwanese modern poetry and has received several awards from Taiwan for his poetry translation and writing. He is a former president of the Illinois State Poetry Society and a member of the Executive Committee of International Poet's Pen Club headquartered in Hong Kong.
Artist.
Since 1990, he has engaged in artistic activities such as painting and sculpting, and has held several solo and group art exhibitions in art galleries and public libraries in the Chicago area. In 2006, some of his paintings were displayed on PublicBoard.com, a Website devoted to art and literature, for the celebration of the Chinese New Year. During the 2008 Olympics, he was invited to participate in an art show at an art museum in Beijing. He is a founding board member of the Chinese Artists' Association of North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19241690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241690" title="Governorship of Sarah Palin">
Governorship of Sarah Palin

In 2006, Sarah Palin was elected governor of Alaska. Running on a clean-government platform, Palin defeated incumbent Governor Frank Murkowski in the Republican gubernatorial primary election in August. She then went on to win the general election in November, defeating former Governor Tony Knowles 48.3% to 40.9%. Her running mate was State Senator Sean Parnell.
During the Republican gubernatorial primary campaign, Palin was endorsed by former Alaska Governor Walter Hickel, and groups such as the Alaska Correctional Officers Association and Alaska Right to Life. Later, in the general election for governor, she was supported by Governor Frank Murkowski. Republican U.S. Senator Ted Stevens made a last-moment endorsement, filming a television commercial with Palin for the gubernatorial campaign.
During her campaign for governor, Palin declared that education, public safety, and transportation would be the three cornerstones of her administration. She won the race despite spending less than her Democratic opponent.
Palin became Alaska's first female governor and, at 42, the youngest in state history. She is the first Alaskan governor born after Alaska achieved U.S. statehood and the first governor not inaugurated in Juneau; she chose to have the ceremony in Fairbanks instead. She took office on December 4, 2006, and maintained a high approval rating throughout her term;.
On July 3, 2009, Sarah Palin announced her resignation as governor of Alaska. She stepped down on July 26, 2009, being replaced by Governor Sean Parnell.
Government ethics.
Palin had championed ethics reform throughout her election campaign. Her first legislative action after taking office was to push for a bipartisan ethics reform bill. She signed the resulting legislation in July 2007, calling it a "first step" declaring that she remains determined to clean up Alaska politics. However, Palin was also the subject of an ethics probe concerning her brother-in-law, Mike Wooten.
Public Safety Commissioner dismissal.
On July 11, 2008, Palin dismissed Public Safety Commissioner Walter Monegan, citing performance-related issues. She then offered him an alternative position as executive director of the state Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, which he turned down. Monegan alleged that his dismissal was retaliation for his failure to fire Palin’s former brother-in-law, Alaska State Trooper Mike Wooten, who was involved in a child custody battle with Palin’s sister, Molly McCann. He further alleged that contacts made by Palin herself, her staff, and her family had constituted inappropriate pressure to fire Wooten. Palin stated that most of those calls were made without her knowledge, and reiterated that she did not fire Monegan because of Wooten, who is still employed as a state trooper. On September 19, 2008, Todd Palin refused to testify to a state legislative committee about his role in the controversy.
Palin's choice to replace Monegan, Charles M. Kopp, chief of the Kenai police department, took the position on July 11, 2008. He resigned on July 25 after it was revealed that he had received a letter of reprimand for sexual harassment in his previous position. On August 1, the Alaska Legislature hired an independent investigator to review the situation. The investigation is scheduled to be completed in October 2008. On August 13, Palin changed her position after an internal investigation, acknowledging that her staff had contacted Monegan or his staff regarding Wooten, but reiterating that she had not fired Monegan because of Wooten. On September 1, Palin's lawyer asked the state Legislature to drop its investigation, saying that by state law, the governor-appointed state Personnel Board had jurisdiction over ethics issues. Palin also asked that the Board review the matter as an ethics complaint.
On October 10, 2008, the Republican-dominated Alaska Legislative Council unanimously voted to release the Branchflower investigative report which found that Sarah Palin abused her power as governor in the firing of Monegan.
However, on November 3, 2008, the Alaska Personnel Board concluded that Palin had not violated ethics laws, essentially contradicting the findings of the Branchflower probe. Tim Petumenos, the attorney hired by the Personnel Board to conduct the probe, stated in his final report, "There is no probable cause to believe that the governor, or any other state official, violated the Alaska Executive Ethics Act in connection with these matters."
Energy.
Palin has promoted oil and natural gas resource development in Alaska, including in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR), where such development has been the subject of a national debate. She also helped pass an increase in the severance tax oil companies pay to extract oil from state land. Palin has created a new sub-cabinet group of advisers to address climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions within Alaska. When asked about climate change after becoming Senator McCain's presumptive running mate, she stated that it would "affect Alaska more than any other state", but she added, "I'm not one though who would attribute it to being man-made."
She has also called the efforts to control climate change a "hoax".
Shortly after taking office, Palin rescinded 35 appointments made by Murkowski in the last hours of his administration, including that of his former chief of staff James "Jim" Clark to the Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority.
In January 2009, Governor Palin introduced a new plan that would convert 50% of Alaska's energy resources to renewables. The plan has been hailed by some environmental activists as the most ambitious alternative energy project in the country.
Gas pipeline.
In March 2007, Palin presented the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA) as the new legal vehicle for building a natural gas pipeline from the state's North Slope. This negated a deal by the previous governor to grant the contract to a coalition including BP (her husband's employer). Only one legislator, Representative Ralph Samuels, voted against the measure, and in June, Palin signed it into law. On January 5, 2008, Palin announced that a Canadian company, TransCanada Corporation, was the sole AGIA-compliant applicant. In August 2008, Palin signed a bill into law giving the state of Alaska authority to award TransCanada Pipelines $500 million in seed money and a license to build and operate the $26-billion pipeline to transport natural gas from the North Slope to the Lower 48 through Canada. TransCanada projects the pipeline to be operational by late 2018, barring unforeseen obstacles.
Gasoline taxes.
In June 2008, Governor Sarah Palin asked the Legislature to give Alaskans a special one-time payment of $1,200 to help with the high costs of energy. She said it will come out of the windfall the state is getting from high oil prices. The legislation was passed and signed into law by Gov. Palin in August 2008.
This replaces the proposal that Palin dropped to give Alaskans $100-a-month energy debit cards. The governor said the debit cards were too expensive for the state to administer and wouldn't work in some rural Alaskan communities.
"As the fiscal year winds down, Alaskans are assured of surpluses beyond the billions of dollars put into savings and funding for priorities such as forward funding education and municipal revenue sharing," Palin said in a press release. "With savings and funding priorities covered, I am confident that Alaskans, who are the owners of our resources, can spend their resource revenue better than government can."
Palin is also proposing to suspend the eight-cent-a gallon state fuel tax for one year. Palin said she wants the Legislature to implement these things by September. 
Additionally the Palin administration proposed the Alaska’s Clear and Equitable Share (ACES), a plan to protect tax revenue to the state government from fluctuations in oil prices.
Environment.
Predator control.
Bounties on wolves in Alaska date to at least 1915; in 1994, the Alaska State Legislature enacted the "Intensive Management Law," requiring management of wildlife for human consumptive use and authorizing specific management actions including "liberalizing hunting and trapping regulations for wolves and bears." In 2006 the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and The Board of Game extended areas in which the aerial hunting of wolves was allowed under the Predator Control Program. Friends of Animals, Defenders of Wildlife, the Alaska Wildlife Alliance, and the Sierra Club sued the Department attempting to overturn the practice. Their concerns were overgrazing of the habitat by large population of moose that were intended for sports hunters, the wolves kept the moose populations in balance with the environment.
In 2007, Palin supported the Alaska Department of Fish and Game policy allowing wolf hunting from helicopters as part of a predator control program intended to increase moose populations, which many rural Alaskans subsist on.
In March 2007, Palin's office announced that a bounty of $150 per wolf would be paid to the 180 volunteer pilots and gunners, to offset fuel costs. This drew protest among wildlife activists, who took the state to court and won. Though the activists failed to stop aerial hunting, a state judge forced the state to stop paying the bounty.
In May 2007 Palin introduced Bill 256 to streamline the Predator Program, and make it more difficult for conservation groups to sue the State. Critics of the bill claimed it removed scientific standards and claim the programs are expensive and not effective.
In August, 2007, both lawmakers and Governor Palin approved appropriating $400,000 from the state treasury to explain the aerial hunting program to Alaskans. Since Alaskans were voting the following year on an initiative restricting the practice to Department of Fish and Game personnel, many felt the funds were an attempt to influence the vote against the initiative. Alaskans had passed similar measures in 1996 and 2000, each time with a two-year limit; after they expired the state legislature allowed the Game Board to resume the program. The program also allowed the fly-and-shoot, liberalized hunting of black bears with no bag limits in the same areas, in addition to the area from Anchorage across Cook Inlet in Game Unit 16, which allows the killing of sows and cubs as well as males.
In March 2008 a federal judge upheld the aerial gunning program as a whole, while banning the practice in four areas covering up to 15,000 of the covered by the program. The judge said that before the Game Board extended predator control into new areas it had to make new findings on the wolves, caribou and bears in those areas.
On August 26, 2008, Alaskans voted against ending the state's predator control program.
Clean Water.
Palin expressed her personal opinion as a private citizen against State Ballot Measure Four, known as Alaska's Clean Water Act, a week prior to a statewide election held August 26, 2008. Conflict among commercial fishing and environmental interests versus mining interests in Alaska's Bristol Bay prompted the ballot petition. Measure Four was defeated at the polls by 57% of Alaskan voters. Anglo-American Mining Company is seeking to develop a gold and copper mine within proximity to Bristol Bay that could pollute the Bay's headwaters. The initiative was to prevent waste materials from large-scale mining operations from seeping into salmon watersheds. Such development could threaten the spawning grounds for the largest remaining wild salmon run. Experts say the mine could yield more than $300 billion in metals and hundreds of jobs. The commercial fishing from salmon at Bristol supplies $300 million per year to the Alaskan economy in its present environmental state and a feature of the state's heritage. Opponents pointed to existing state and federal environmental laws that already achieve the same health and wildlife protections requested under Measure Four. They also claim that the Measure as written was open to interpretation which could drive stricter environmental standards that shut down all new, large metallurgic mines in Alaska. Despite this potential redundancy, there are claims that the enforcement of mining industry environmental regulations in Alaska and nationwide are imperfect and pollution outside acceptable limits periodically occurs at existing sites to varying degrees. Also, the downside risk of an environmental accident at the proposed Anglo-American site could permanently decrease fishing activity at Bristol.
Endangered species.
Polar Bears.
In December 2007, Palin wrote an opinion column in which she described her opposition to the listing of polar bears as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act, stating her position was based on a review of expert opinion. In it she stated that the polar bear population is more numerous now than it was forty years ago, and "there is insufficient evidence of polar bears becoming extinct in the foreseeable future." Alaskan state biologists and environmental groups disagreed with Palin's position. After Dirk Kempthorne, the Republican Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior listed the bear as threatened on May 14, 2008, Palin sued the federal government, claiming that the listing would adversely affect energy development in the bears' habitat off Alaska's northern and northwestern coasts, while again questioning the scientific basis for the listing.
Palin claimed the scientists found no ill effects of global warming on the polar bear. Rick Steiner, a University professor of Alaska, sought the e-mail messages of the state scientists who had examined the effects of global warming on the bears, and was informed his request would cost $466,784 to process. Through a federal records request Steiner was able to obtain the e-mails and he found that contrary to Palin's claims, the scientists supported the fact that the bears were in danger.
On August 28, 2008, the American Petroleum Institute, the National Association of Manufacturers, the United States Chamber of Commerce, and the American Iron and Steel Institute joined Alaska's suit to revert the listing of the polar bear as a threatened species. The issue at hand is a rule implemented by the federal government at the time the status of the Polar Bear was changed to threatened. The rule is to prevent the polar bear's status from being used as a tool for imposing greenhouse gas limits; it exempts projects in all states except Alaska from undergoing review in relation to emissions.
The Center for Biological Diversity, is also suing the federal government, to change the Polar Bear status from threatened to endangered. They denounced the Alaska suit's claim that science does not prove polar bear populations are declining.
Beluga Whales.
Palin has opposed strengthening protections for beluga whales in Alaska's Cook Inlet. Palin cited state scientists who claimed that hunting was the only factor causing the whales' decline and that the hunting has been effectively controlled through cooperative agreements with Alaska Native organizations. Recent research suggests that despite hunting controls beluga whales in Cook's Inlet remain severely depleted and at high risk of extinction. The United States government on October 17, 2008, listed the Beluga Whale as endangered due to severe declines in its population. The National Marine Fisheries Service stated that oil and gas exploration had hindered the whale's existence.
Budget.
State.
Palin followed through on a campaign promise to sell the Westwind II jet purchased (on a state government credit account, against the wishes of the Legislature) by the Murkowski administration for $2.7 million in 2005. In August 2007 the jet was listed on eBay; although with no buyer found on eBay, it was later sold for $2.1 million through a private brokerage firm to a campaign contributor.
She also canceled a contract for the construction of an gravel road outside Juneau to a mine, reversing a decision made in the closing days of the Murkowski administration.
In June 2007, Palin signed into law a $6.6 billion operating budget—the largest in Alaska's history. At the same time, she used her veto power to make the second-largest cuts of the construction budget in state history. The $237 million in cuts represented over 300 local projects and reduced the construction budget to nearly $1.6 billion. In 2008 Palin vetoed $286 million in funds for 350 projects from the FY09 capital budget, or 13% of the total budget. The "Anchorage Daily News" said the cuts "may be the biggest single-year line-item veto total in state history."
Personal.
Palin lives in Juneau during the legislative session and lives in Wasilla and works out of offices in Anchorage the rest of the year. Since the office in Anchorage is far from Juneau, while she works there she is legally entitled to a $58 "per diem" travel allowance, which she has taken (a total of $16,951), and to reimbursement for hotels, which she has not, choosing instead to drive about from a state office in Anchorage to her home in Wasilla. In response to criticism for taking the "per diem", and for $43,490 in travel expenses for the times her family accompanied her on state business, the governor's staffers said that these practices were in line with state policy, that Palin's gubernatorial expenses are 80% below those of her predecessor, Frank Murkowski, and that "many of the hundreds of invitations Palin receives include requests for her to bring her family, placing the definition of 'state business' with the party extending the invitation."
In December 2008, an Alaska state commission recommended increasing the Governor's salary from $125,000 to $150,000. Palin stated that she would not accept the pay raise. In response, the commission dropped the recommendation.
Matanuska Maid Dairy.
In April 2007, the state Board of Agriculture and Conservation (BAC) approved a request for $600,000 for a review of the operating expenses of the Matanuska Maid Dairy, an unprofitable state-owned business, and forwarded the request to the state legislature for funding. The Alaska Creamery Board, which oversaw the dairy and made the request, met in May and discussed privatizing or possibly closing the dairy. It subsequently voted to close the dairy and, on June 13, rejected Palin's public request that it keep the dairy open, saying it stood by its decision to close the dairy plant as July 7.
On June 18, Palin replaced the entire membership of the BAC, which then installed itself as the Creamery Board, and voted to keep the dairy open for 90 days while reviewing options. On August 29, 2007, Palin announced that the business could not be made profitable and would be offered for sale. She said that the board could use the $600,000 approved by the legislature in June to help with the transition to a private operator. In November, the dairy received the $600,000 legislative funding.
On December 7, with a required minimum bid of $3.35 million for the dairy, no bids were received, and all dairy operations were scheduled to close later that month. In August 2008, the Anchorage plant portion of the dairy was purchased for $1.5 million, the specified minimum bid. The new owners said that they planned to covert it to heated self-storage units. The sale of the company's bottle-making facility in Palmer was under consideration as of early September.
Bridge to Nowhere.
In Palin's 2006 gubernatorial campaign, she supported the building of the proposed Gravina Island Bridge, which had been nicknamed the "Bridge to Nowhere" because the island had only 50 residents. The bridge was intended to provide access to Ketchikan International Airport and not the residential population of the island.
The next year, Palin ran for Governor on a "build-the-bridge" platform, arguing that it was essential for local prosperity. She said in August 2006: "We need to come to the defense of Southeast Alaska when proposals are on the table like the bridge, and not allow the spinmeisters to turn this project or any other into something that’s so negative." In October 2006, when asked, "Would you continue state funding for the proposed Knik Arm and Gravina Island bridges?", she answered: "Yes. I would like to see Alaska's infrastructure projects built sooner rather than later. The window is now - while our congressional delegation is in a strong position to assist." She also criticized the use of the word "nowhere" as insulting to local residents.
Congress did not, however, reinstate the earmark for the bridge. In September 2007, with no federal money available, Palin removed the state's portion of the cost from her proposed budget. She stated:
"Ketchikan desires a better way to reach the airport, but the $398 million bridge is not the answer. [...] Despite the work of our congressional delegation, we are about $329 million short of full funding for the bridge project, and it’s clear that Congress has little interest in spending any more money on a bridge between Ketchikan and Gravina Island. [...] Much of the public’s attitude toward Alaska bridges is based on inaccurate portrayals of the projects here. But we need to focus on what we can do, rather than fight over what has happened."
Her switch allowed the state to use the federal money for other transportation projects. Palin did, however, continue construction of an access road on Gravina Island, which would have linked to the bridge but now goes only to an empty beach; federal money for the access road, unlike the bridge money, would have otherwise been returned to the federal government.
According to Reuters, Palin's decision to cancel the bridge "earn her admirers from earmark critics and budget hawks from around the nation. The move also thrust her into the spotlight as a reform-minded newcomer." In an article titled, "Bridge leads McCain to running mate Palin", the Associated Press said canceling the bridge was "the first identifiable link connecting Palin and McCain," soon followed by "whispers of Palin being an ideal GOP running mate."
Although she canceled the bridge, Palin spent $25 million from the $223 million earmark to build the road on Gravina Island to an empty beach where the bridge would have gone. State officials said "they were going ahead with the $25 million road because the money would otherwise have to be returned to the federal government." The cancellation of the bridge did not lead Palin to return any of the remaining $197 million in the earmark to the Federal Government. Palin's Ketchikan campaign coordinator Mike Elerding, says, "She said 'thanks but no thanks,' but they kept the money." According to Palin’s communications director Bill McAlister, the bridge "isn't necessarily dead"; it may still be built with "a less costly design". Palin changed her mind on the bridge, he said, when "she saw that Alaska was being perceived as taking from the country and not giving, and that impression bothered her and she wants to change it. [...] I think that Sarah Palin is someone who has the courage to re-evaluate situations as they developed." Palin said through her spokesperson that the road would open territory for development. A McCain-Palin spokesperson said that "because the contract for the road was already signed before she got into office, the governor was left no viable alternative." The Alaska Department of Transportation and the Federal Highway Administration state that the contract could have been cancelled at minimal cost and that the federal money could have been returned to Congress for other uses, if the road had been cancelled when Palin took office in December 2006, but the bridge to the island was not cancelled until September 2007.
In her nomination acceptance speech, Palin said: "I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' for that Bridge to Nowhere." McCain-Palin television advertisements also claim Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere." Ketchikan's Mayor Bob Weinstein has criticized Palin for using the term 'Bridge to Nowhere' in her vice-presidential nomination acceptance speech because Palin had termed that name for the bridge "insulting" during her 2006 gubernatorial campaign, when she campaigned on her original "build the bridge" platform.
Earmarks.
Alaska's federal congressional representatives cut back on pork-barrel project requests during Palin's time as governor, however Alaska is still the largest per-capita recipient of federal earmarks, requesting nearly $750 million in special federal spending over two years and obtaining $295 per Alaska resident from the federal government.
In the 2008 budget year, Palin requested around $255 million in federal earmarks, and her requests for the 2009 budget total $197 million. For the fiscal year 2010 budget, the last one before her resignation, Palin requested eight earmarks worth $69.1 million.
Lobbyists.
Palin has given jobs to friends and appointed lobbyists to oversee industries they used to represent; she appointed a fund-raiser of hers, Deborah Richter, as director of the Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend Division. Palin hired Cora Crome, who had worked for industry lobbying group United Fishermen of Alaska, as her fisheries-policy adviser.
Resignation.
On July 3, 2009, Sarah Palin announced her resignation as governor of Alaska. She stepped down on July 26, 2009 and the new governor became Sean Parnell, who was her lieutenant governor. "We know we can effect positive change outside government at this moment in time on another scale and actually make a difference for our priorities," Palin said in a news conference alongside a lake in her hometown of Wasilla, Alaska. Palin reasons for leaving were varied, but there was speculation that it was to the upcoming 2012 United States presidential election. Many sources in media coverage claim that resigning may help Palin to clear a way for her seat as a Republican presidential nominee in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19241692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241692" title="Hazur Rai Saligram Bahadur">
Hazur Rai Saligram Bahadur

Rai Bahadur Saligram ji, popularly known as Huzur Maharaj ji, was born in a Kayastha family of Peepal Mandi, Agra, on 14 March 1829. He served as chief inspector of post offices in India, and in 1881, promoted as the Postmaster General of the North-Western Provinces with headquarters at Allahabad. He was the first Indian to hold this coveted post.
He came in contact with his guru, Swami ji Maharaj in 1858 in Agra. He had a deep faith in his guru and became the follower of the Radha Soami spiritual movement. For twenty years (1858–1878) he served his guru. Nine years after Swami Shiv Dayal Singh Ji's death, Rai Saligram Bahadur moved back to Agra upon his retirement and took up the role of guru.
The satsang of Salig Ram Maharaj exploded with disciples from all over India, including a viceroy. Salig Ram wrote several volumes of popular books on the Radha Soami faith. For twenty years (1878–1898) he served as guru and left this world on 6 December 1898.
Life and work.
Huzur Maharaj ji's father, Bahadur Singh, a lawyer of repute, was a highly religious and generous man. Hazur's father died early. At that time, Rai Saligram was only four years old. His mother, a talented lady, had therefore to struggle hard against heavy odds to provide her sons with the best possible education.
Throughout his academic career, Rai Saligram was a brilliant student. After completing his primary education in a maktab school, he went to Agra College for higher studies. He passed the Senior Cambridge examination from this college in 1847 with distinction in Theology, English, Mathematics and Urdu. Subsequently he devoted himself to higher studies in Persian and Arabic. He also studied advanced books on religion, philosophy and astrology. He took great interest in learning Hindi and Sanskrit and within a short time acquired high proficiency in these languages. His ever-increasing thirst for knowledge knew no bounds.
He really desired to reveal unto himself the secrets of absolute Truth. Driven by an inner urge to seek a perfect guru, he visited many holy places in the country where he met many religious teachers and saints. He came to the conclusion that many reputed religious leaders were themselves labouring under delusion, and that they were deluding their disciples. Nevertheless, on the insistence of his mother, he agreed to receive initiation from the family priest on the clear understanding that he would discard the priest and his teachings as soon as he had found a true and perfect guru.
He was appointed as a second clerk in the office of Postmaster General, North-Western Provinces soon after he had finished his studies. Since he proved to be an honest and efficient worker in the department, he got rapid promotions. First he was promoted to the office of inspector of post offices, then head assistant and later personal assistant to the Postmaster General. In 1871, he was appointed chief inspector of post offices in India, and in 1881 as the Postmaster General of the North-Western Provinces with headquarters at Allahabad. He was the first Indian to hold this coveted post.
Being an administrator of outstanding ability, Rai Saligram Sahab introduced a number of new practices in the postal department, namely, land revenue money order scheme, insurance of parcels, value payable parcel , procedures regarding bearing letters, understamped articles and telegrams and the total amalgamation of the district postal arrangements for official letters with general postal department. He toned up the services in the department during the difficult period of its growth and development. By his extraordinary grasp of departmental working, he successfully dealt with complicated pending cases. He removed confusion and red-tapism prevalent in the department. These schemes proved very useful and convenient for departmental work and immensely benefited the people. He also recommended the issue of one-piece post-cards for the benefit of poor people. Further, he himself translated the rules and regulations of the postal department in the North-Western Provinces and Punjab into vernacular to acquaint the educated few with them. The government honoured him with the award of the title of Rai Bahadur in 1871, in appreciation of his meritorious services.
For enforcing honesty and efficiency in the rank and file of the department, he strictly dealt with persons found guilty of embezzlement. He had become so indispensable to the postal department that no scheme would go on paper without his prior consultation. The British authorities felt so much beholden to him for his outstanding contributions that they did not want him to retire early when he expressed such a desire in 1884. The Director-General personally requested him in a letter not to press for his retirement. However, when he insisted, he was relieved of his duties in 1887. In a personal letter, the Director-General paid glowing tributes to him for his efficient work.
Radha Soami spiritual movement.
He came in contact with his guru, Swami ji Maharaj in 1858 of Agra. He had a deep faith in his guru and became the follower of Radha Soami spiritual movement. For twenty years (1858–1878) he served his guru in manner unparalleled in the annals of bhakti. His undivided and extraordinary devotion towards Swami ji Maharaj attracted wide attention. Once upon the time, when Swami ji was asked about Salig Ram, He stated 'I do not know if I am his guru, or he is mine.' In 1878, Soamiji died, and two years later Rai Saligram Bahadur was posted to Allahabad. After his retirement from official duties, he finally settled at Agra and devoted his entire time to religious duties. He acted in the role of guru for eleven years (1887–1898) writing many books on Radha Soami Mat in Hindi and the one book in English.
Miracles.
Miracles beyond the reach of human reason have been generally associated with mystic saints of India and Saligram Sahab was no exception to it. Many stories about his occult are current at different centres of Radhasoami Satsang. A few miracles are mentioned below to illustrate the tremendous faith his followers had in him.
It is said that when he was about to be born, the gestation period of his mother extended eighteen instead of the normal nine month and his mother experienced no trouble on that account and the delivery was normal. When he was only a few month old, a cobra would come to his bed-room every night and to his mother's horror the child would catch hold of the cobra by the neck and play with it. The poisonous creature did no harm to him.
Another story relate to an accident in which the boy Saligram fell down in the flooded Jamuna. Just when he was about to drown, some unseen hand caught hold of him and put him back into the boat.
Many of his followers experienced his miraculous power when he became the Santsatguru. Max Mueller, his contemporary, writes "the people are convinced that he can do miracles, but he himself regards such thing as unbecoming and below his dignity." It is said that he granted vision and initiation in dreams to persons who were keen on initiation into the Radhasoami faith by Huzur himself but could not personally approach him. Many proofs are available about his capacity to cure patients merely by his personal touch or a glance. Dr. Mukund Lall, the then assistant surgeon to the viceroy, often sent patients of chronic hysteria to Huzur Maharaj and all of them were fully cured.
It is said that many foreigners came to his satsang after knowing his supernatural talents. A German theosophist and an American lady felt an inner call impelling them to seek spiritual guidance from Huzur Maharaj after having seen him in their dreams. The sanctity and spiritual impact of his residence are revealed by the belief that anyone who walked under the lamp-post in his lane, was sure to be attracted to the Radhasoami faith. People also thought that there was some magic in his eyes; even his casual glance would draw them towards him. Devotees who came to attend his satsang at Agra got so absorbed in the spiritual ecstasy of the saint's company that they would forget to attend to their official duties at the prescribed hour. To their surprise, they would find on reaching their office that the work allotted to them had been duly completed and they were marked present in the attendance register. Many of his followers recorded their experiences acknowledging Huzur Maharaj's grace and mercy in every walk of life. He granted them strength against evil forces. A compilation of these records would be sufficient material for an interesting book on mystic revelations.
Huzur Maharaj ji Books.
Huzur Maharaj ji published the writings of Shiv Dayal Singh ji as well as his own. We wrote following books:
Departure from the world.
During his last days, he took very little food and slept less than four hours a day. Excessive work weakened him physically. He left for his heavenly abode on 6 December 1898 after a brief illness. Paying a tribute to him, the Indian Mirror observed: "The death of Rai Saligram Saheb Bahadur of Agra will be sincerely regretted by the people of the North-west Provinces. The deceased gentleman occupied a high position in the Postal Department and enjoyed the confidence and respect of both the Government and the public. But we notice Rai Saligram death not so much because of his official position as because of the hold he had over the hearts of his countrymen. Indian official, who are in anyway in the service are apt to become some time denationalised. Rai Saligram, on the contrary, was a Hindu of Hindus, and the leader of a recognized Hindu association. He was a very charitable man, and his death is a distinct loss to the community."

</doc>
<doc id="19241696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241696" title="Wong Sing-chi">
Wong Sing-chi

Nelson Wong Sing-chi (Born Hong Kong on 11 October 1957) is a former member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong, representing the New Territories East constituency, as well as a former member of North District, Hong Kong Council. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Legco member.
Wong was elected to LegCo in 2000 and 2008, that is, for two, non-consecutive four-year terms. He lost in 2004 through a weak electoral strategy. Wong obtained his Bachelor of Social Work from Hong Kong Polytechnic University and was a social worker before joining Hong Kong politics.
A member of the Democratic Party, Wong is a Christian and a social conservative. Wong opposed amendments to the Domestic Violence Ordinance that would offer gay couples equal protection under the law on the grounds that the amendment would treat same-sex relationships as if they were marriages. He feared the government would go a step further and legalise same-sex marriage, this position give him as the same attitude with other pro-establishment conservative members in Legco, such as Priscilla Leung.
Views, policy positions and Legco voting.
In June 2010, he voted with his party in favour of the government’s 2012 constitutional reform package, which included the late amendment by the Democratic Party – accepted by the Beijing government – to hold a popular vote for five new District Council functional constituencies.

</doc>
<doc id="19241715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241715" title="NGC 1664">
NGC 1664

NGC 1664 is an open cluster in the constellation of Auriga. It contains fewer than 50 stars and lies at a distance of 1199 parsecs.

</doc>
<doc id="19241737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241737" title="Alfredo Ruano">
Alfredo Ruano

Alfredo Salomón Ruano Safie (died July 18, 1987) was a famous football player from El Salvador.
Club career.
Ruano was part of the successful Alianza team of the early 1960s when he played alongside Salvador Mariona and Roberto Rivas among others.
International career.
Nicknamed "Baiza", Alfredo Ruano participated in many tournaments throughout his career with El Salvador, such as the CCCF Championship, CONCACAF Championship, and Central American and Caribbean Games. He played in the 1954 Central American and Caribbean Games winning team alongside other Salvadoran football greats as Juan Francisco Barraza.
Personal life.
Baiza was the father-in-law of another Salvadoran legend: Mágico González. His grandson Rodrigo González, who is the son of "Mágico", later also played for Atlético Marte.

</doc>
<doc id="19241810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241810" title="Wilson Savoy">
Wilson Savoy

Wilson Allen Savoy (born February 1, 1982 in Eunice, Louisiana) is a Grammy winning Cajun accordion player and singer in the band the Pine Leaf Boys and The Band Courtbouillon, as well as a local filmmaker in Lafayette, LA. His father Marc Savoy, famous accordion builder and musician, and his mother, Ann Savoy, author and music producer, are well known ambassadors and supporters of preserving the Cajun culture.
History.
Wilson Savoy was born in Eunice and began his musical career in 2000 with the Savoy Family Band (consisting of his father Marc, mother Ann, and brother Joel Savoy). Since 2000 he has also operated Almena Pictures, a film company specializing in band documentaries and music videos. In 2004 he joined the Red Stick Ramblers from Baton Rouge, Louisiana and in 2005 formed his own band, the Pine Leaf Boys. In 2006 he and his brother Joel (a fiddle player, cofounder of Valcour Records and also a former member of the Red Stick Ramblers) were instrumental in starting the annual Faquetigue "Courir de Mardi Gras" as an alternative to the main Eunice event. They felt that the other local runs had gotten too rowdy and lost too much of their authentic traditions. The run has become one of the most musically based on the various versions of the courir. Also in 2006 he recorded a collection of 1930's era songs and classic Cajun Swing music with fellow traditional Cajun act the Lost Bayou Ramblers titled "Mellow Joy Boys:Une Tasse Cafe". In 2008 the Pine Leaf Boys were nominated for a Grammy Award for their 2007 album "Blues de Musicien", released on Arhoolie Records. Fellow nominees that year were Geno Delafose, Roddie Romero, Lost Bayou Ramblers, the Racines and the winner of the Grammy Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience. In 2010 Savoy, appeared in season 1 episode 7 of the HBO series Treme as himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19241829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241829" title="Arthur Milchhöfer">
Arthur Milchhöfer

Arthur Alexander Johann Milchhöfer (March 21, 1852 – December 7, 1903) was a German archaeologist who was a native of Schirwindt, East Prussia, a village in the easternmost corner of the German Reich. 
He studied in Berlin and at the University of Munich, where he was a student of Heinrich Brunn (1822–1894). Subsequently he became an assistant to Ernst Curtius (1814–1896) in Berlin, and in 1883 was habilitated for archaeology at the University of Göttingen. Later he was an associate professor at the University of Münster, where he was also in charge of the library of classical archaeology. In 1895 he became a professor of archaeology at the University of Kiel.
Milchhöfer was a specialist of Greek antiquities, being remembered for his topographical research of ancient Attica. In his 1883 book "Die Anfänge der Kunst in Griechenland" (The Origins of Art in Greece), he was the first to suggest that Crete was the center of Mycenaean culture. Other noted works on ancient Greece by Milchhöfer include:

</doc>
<doc id="19241841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241841" title="Max Spittle">
Max Spittle

Max Spittle (born 13 June 1922) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1940s. 
Spittle made his debut midway through the 1947 season, in the same game Fred Fanning was celebrating his 100th. A wingman, Spittle was a member of Melbourne's 1948 premiership team and kicked the only goal of his career in a game against Richmond earlier in the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19241848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241848" title="The Agency (film)">
The Agency (film)

The Agency (known as "Mind Games" on video) is a 1980 Canadian dramatic/thriller film. It was directed by George Kaczender, with a screenplay by Noel Hynd.
Based on a novel by Paul Gottlieb, it is a political thriller involving advertising copywriter Philip Morgan (Lee Majors) who discovers the agency he works for, run by Ted Quinn (Robert Mitchum), is using subliminal advertising to manipulate a presidential election. It features appearances by Canadian actors Saul Rubinek as an audio technician (earning a "Best Supporting Actor" Genie nomination), Jonathan Welsh as a police detective, and familiar supporting players Michael Kirby and Gary Reineke as hitmen.
The film was shot on locations in Montréal and rural Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="19241853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241853" title="The All-Knighters">
The All-Knighters

The All-Knighters are a Canadian professional wrestling tag team consisting of real life brothers Joey Knight and Robin Knightwing. One of the top tag teams wrestling in the Canadian independent circuit during the late-1990s, The All-Knighters have also made appearances in both the United Kingdom and the United States.
Among the numerous promotions The All-Knighters have competed include Ron Hutchinson's Apocalypse Wrestling Federation, Ultimate Wrestling Alliance, Far North Wrestling, the Frontier Wrestling Alliance, Live Wrestling Entertainment, the National Wrestling Alliance, New England Championship Wrestling and World Xtreme Wrestling. They have also wrestled occasionally for World Wrestling Entertainment, most notably, their appearance at WrestleMania 23 where they were paid by Donald Trump to shave their heads. Later during the event, they accompanied The Undertaker to his match as two of his druids.
Career.
Both brothers were big wrestling fans as children and after graduating high school, Joey and Patrick moved from their hometown of Fort Erie, Ontario to Calgary, Alberta and were trained in the famous Hart Family Dungeon. They were trained by Bruce, Smith, Ross and even Stu Hart himself. The boys trained for approximately 1 year before heading back to Fort Erie.
The All Knighters earliest matches took place in Calgary and for Badger State Wrestling in Wisconsin. During this time, they were managed by C.J. Lane, who later parted ways in 1999. It was in only their second match in Wisconsin where Patrick broke his ankle early in the match but continued through the match. After the match Patrick had surgery to put metal plates in his ankle and sidelined the All-Knighters career for almost a year afterwards.
When The All-Knighters were healed and back in action they wrestled throughout Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom for Renegade Wrestling Alliance, United Wrestling Alliance, United States Wrestling Federation and the Frontier Wrestling alliance.
The All-Knighters are well known amongst Canadian wrestling fans for the feud the brothers had during their time in the Apocalypse Wrestling Federation, Ron Hutchinson's promotion that was the starting point for Edge, Christian, Trish Stratus, Gail Kim, Tracy Brookshaw and Beth Phoenix among others.
WWE Appearances.
The All-Knighters first World Wrestling Entertainment appearance was on July 25, 2005. Joey and Patrick appeared on WWE Raw as ambulance drivers preparing the stretcher for the stretcher match between Edge and Kane. During the match Lita was tombstoned on the titantron ramp and the All-Knighters as the EMT's put a neck brace on Lita, secure her to a stretcher and take her back to the ambulance. Kane shows up, Takes out both All-Knighters and steals the van ending the episode of RAW.
At WrestleMania 23 in Detroit the All-Knighters were hired by WWE to be Donald Trump's head shaving testers. Trump claimed he has never used hair trimmers before and wanted to make sure he would be able to do it right if he were victorious in the famed Hair vs Hair match involving Trump and Vince McMahon. The boys were paid to have their heads shaved by Trump, only Joey got the hair cut, Patrick was spared. Later that night the boys appeared as Druids for The Undertaker's entrance. Since then The All-Knighters have had many tryout matches with the WWE.
Recent years.
The All-Knighters currently live in Tampa, Florida wrestling in the Florida-area, Chicago and making multiple trips to the United Kingdom. In the UK Robin has made multiple month long tours, wrestling for the UWA. Joey has toured less often, but has made several UK tours. While touring with UWA they would also make occasional appearances for WAW and LWE. They also have had small parts in various movies and television ads such as "The Dukes of Hazzard", "The Dark Knight", "The Express", "Style By Jury" and many other appearances.
In 2006, Joey appeared in the "Cryme Tyme" training video. He is a preppy white boy who takes a wrong turn and ends up in "the Hood" to be taken out by Cryme Tyme.
Patrick is working on a cruise ship and is wrestling matches with Apocalypse Wrestling Federation.
Joey is currently living in Florida and makes trips back to Canada to wrestle for Apocalypse Wrestling Federation. Joey was married to Beth Phoenix and they have since divorced in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19241870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241870" title="Shaftesbury High School">
Shaftesbury High School

Shaftesbury High School is located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, in Tuxedo neighbourhood. It has a population of 750 students from Charleswood, Tuxedo and Linden Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="19241921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241921" title="Svinoy, Caspian Sea">
Svinoy, Caspian Sea

Svinoy, Sangi-Mugan Island or Muğan daşı (, Russian: "Ostrov Svinoy"), is an island in the Caspian Sea located south of Baku, Azerbaijan.
This island lies SW of the Baku Archipelago.
There is an automatic station for the monitoring of water pollution in the area located in Svinoy Island.
History.
The Russian Cossacks crushed the fleet of the Safavid Shah Suleiman I of Persia Shah in the waters off Svinoy Island in 1669.
The southern bay of the island is an ideal place for underwater archaeology.

</doc>
<doc id="19241925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241925" title="1975 Chatham Cup">
1975 Chatham Cup

The 1975 Chatham Cup was the 48th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye until the later stages of the competition. In all, 123 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
One of the highlights of the competition was the performance of unfancied minnows Lower Hutt City, who progressed to the quarter-finals before being narrowly beaten by the competition's eventual winners Christchurch United.
The competition saw a change of sponsorship, with Lion Breweries taking over from Gillette. The competition was known as the Lion Chatham Cup for the rest of the decade.
The 1975 final.
Christchurch United successfully defended their trophy, and also became only the second team to win the Chatham Cup/National League double. 
Blockhouse Bay were on top early, and looked like they might run away with the final, scoring through Mike Farac and Colin Shaw to lead by two goals after just ten minutes. Norman Moran reduced the deficit within minutes as the mainlanders came back into the match. With ten minutes to play, Gary Lake miscued while attempting to clear a cross into his own penalty area and the ball deflected into his own net to tie the scores.
In extra time it was Christchurch who applied all the pressure, and goals came to them through Kevin Mulgrew and substitute Mark McNaughton.

</doc>
<doc id="19241928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241928" title="Yūji">
Yūji

Possible writings.
Yūji can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19241934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241934" title="Yuji">
Yuji

Yuji or Yu Ji may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19241952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241952" title="Eddie Craddock">
Eddie Craddock

Edward 'Eddie' Craddock (born 30 October 1927) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1940s. 
Craddock was a forward pocket in Melbourne's 1948 premiership team. He had a good finals series, kicking three goals in the Semi Final and a further two in the Preliminary Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19241974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241974" title="Henry, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen">
Henry, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen

Henry of Anhalt-Köthen (30 July 1778, Schloss Pless23 November 1847, Köthen) was a German prince of the House of Ascania, ruler of the non-sovereign principality of Anhalt-Pless and the last ruler of the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen.
Life.
He was the fourth (but third surviving) son of Frederick Erdmann, Prince of Anhalt-Pless, by his wife, Louise Ferdinande, daughter of Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg-Wernigerode.
In 1796, he joined the Prussian army. During the campaign of 1806, he attained the rank of major. Before his retirement from active service, Henry was elevated to the rank of "Generalmajor".
After his elder brother Frederick Ferdinand inherited Anhalt-Köthen in 1818, Henry assumed the government over the state country of Pless. When Frederick Ferdinand died in 1830, Henry succeeded him in Köthen, whereas he left Pless to his younger brother Louis, who died in 1841 without heirs. Henry reassumed his rulership over Pless until his death.
In Trebschen on 18 May 1819 Henry married Auguste Fredericka Espérance (3 August 1794, Brunswick – 13 July 1855, Köthen), daughter of Henry XLIV, Prince Reuss of Köstritz, and sister of Prince Henry LXIII. The union was childless.
Since his youth, Henry was a strong advocate of homeopathy. In 1821 he took under his protection its creator, Samuel Hahnemann, who remained with his large family in Köthen for the next fourteen years as Henry's personal physician.
In 1830 Henry was made a knight of the Order of the Black Eagle. From 1841, he resumed service in the Prussian army, and by the time of his death, he was a General of Infantry.
With him, the line of Anhalt-Köthen became extinct. On his death, the duchy was inherited by his kinsmen Alexander Karl of Anhalt-Bernburg and Leopold IV of Anhalt-Dessau, however Alexander renounced his rights over Köthen on behalf of Leopold IV, since it was clear that his eventual assumption of all the Anhalt lands was inevitable.
The principality of Pless, governed by Semi-Salic Law, passed to Henry's nephew Hans Henry X, Count of Hochberg-Fürstenstein (corresponding article in the German), son of his sister Anna Emilie, who was the only one of his siblings who had children.

</doc>
<doc id="19241978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19241978" title="Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play">
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play

This is a list of winners of the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play initially introduced in 1955 as the Vernon Rice Award for Outstanding Achievement in Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19242010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242010" title="John C. Austin">
John C. Austin

John Corneby Wilson Austin (February 13, 1870 – September 3, 1963) was an architect and civic leader who participated in the design of several landmark buildings in Southern California, including the Griffith Observatory, Los Angeles City Hall, and the Shrine Auditorium.
Life.
Born in Bodicote, Oxfordshire, England, Austin was an apprentice to architect Williams S. Barwick in the late 1880s. He moved to the United States and worked as a draftsman for architect Benjamin Linfoot of Philadelphia from 1891–1892, before reloacting to San Francisco where he was a draftsman at Mooser and Devlin from 1892-1895. He moved to Los Angeles in 1895, and became one of the city's leading architects. 
Austin was also active in civic affairs in Los Angeles. He was elected President of the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce in January 1930. As head of the Chamber of Commerce, Austin initiated a public-art campaign to beautify the city through the erection of statuary and monuments. One of the issues on which Austin became a leader was the need to develop a larger water system for Los Angeles. He spoke publicly and was an advocate in the business community in favor of a 1930 bond issue to raise $38.8 million to develop the city's water supply.
As the Great Depression deepened in Los Angeles, Austin also advocated federal spending as a means to stimulate the economy. In April 1930, a letter from Austin to Pres. Herbert Hoover was published in the "Los Angeles Times". In it, Austin proposed the creation of an emergency fund, raised by taxation or appropriation, which could be used to develop public improvements and to provide needed employment. Austin argued that such programs were needed so that otherwise good citizens not fall "prey to the propaganda of Communists and agitators against our institutions." In January 1931, after expressing concern that "we are just drifting along in this matter," Austin traveled to Washington, D.C. to press for federal construction projects in Los Angeles. Austin announced that he was going east "with a crowbar to try and pry something loose," vowing to stay as long as he felt he could help get things started. Later that year, Pres. Hoover appointed Austin to coordinate the federal government's unemployment relief efforts in ten Southern California counties. Shortly after his appointment to the relief effort, however, Austin's wife of 29 years, Hilda Violet Austin, the mother of nine children with Austin, died at their home in Pasadena.
Austin also served as the President of the State Board of Archtiectural Examiners, a member of the National Labor Board responsible for labor disputes in Southern California, President of the Southern California Historical Society, President of the Jonathan Club, and a 32nd degree Mason. In 1949, the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce presented Austin with its first ever Achievement Award. In 1963, Los Angeles Mayor Samuel Yorty presented Austin with a scroll commending him "for serving in an outstanding manner as a distinguished architect."
Austin died in 1963 at his home in Pasadena, California.
Work.
Austin's work as an architect includes: 

</doc>
<doc id="19242037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242037" title="Asia Cross Country Rally">
Asia Cross Country Rally

The Asia Cross Country Rally (also known as AXCR), is an FIA certified event, in compliance with the Standard Regulations for Cross Country Rallies and the present Supplementary Regulations. This cross-country rally, which began in 1996 and is now (2008) in its 13th year. When the AXCR first started, premium event like the Paris-Dakar Rally was already well known. However, the Paris-Dakar Rally is a long way away, and much too expensive for Asian competitors to consider unless they had factory backing.
This annual rally is organised by R1 Asia, a group of companies formerly known as ORTEV International.
The Asia Cross Country Rally route is designed to cover many types of terrain like jungles, swamps river-crossings and also desert… and over the past years, has included almost every kind of challenge that nature has to offer in these parts of the world.
Designed as a test of driving and navigation skill, endurance and teamwork, as well as the preparation, durability and toughness of the 4 wheel drive vehicles, the Asia Cross Country Rally has gained a loyal following among 4 wheel enthusiasts throughout many parts of Asia.
Each year, the Asia Cross Country Rally provides participants with a variety of terrain challenges spread over 6 to 9 days and covering from 2,000 km to 4,200 km over as many places as possible. In addition to this, it also provides the opportunity for the young people to meet and make friends with others from different countries in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19242060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242060" title="2nd World Scout Jamboree">
2nd World Scout Jamboree

The 2nd World Scout Jamboree was held from August 9 to 17, 1924 and was hosted by Denmark at Ermelunden.
Prologue.
Great Britain held an Imperial Jamboree at Wembley, Middlesex at the beginning of August 1924, in connection with the British Empire Exhibition. Over 1,000 Scouts from 25 parts of the Commonwealth and Empire accepted the invitation. 10,000 Scouts were present from the United Kingdom. The displays and ceremonies took place in Wembley Stadium. The Scouts were camped nearby in Wembley Paddocks in very cramped quarters. The Prince of Wales witnessed the displays in the stadium, presided at a campfire and stayed the night at a tent in the Paddocks. On different days the chief guests in the stadium were the Duke of York and Rudyard Kipling, on the Wolf Cubs' Day, when he saw how parts of his "Jungle Books" were dramatized and used to bring atmosphere and interest into the Cub program.
Jamboree.
The Wembley Jamboree helped to provide a wider variety of members at the Second World Jamboree at Ermelunden, a few miles north of Copenhagen, Denmark, which immediately followed it. Denmark has a comparatively small Scout population and doubts were expressed beforehand as to whether it would be possible for the Danish Scouts to make a success of the undertaking. The main host was Christian Holm, President of Det Danske Spejderkorps, whose daughter became known as "Kim, Friend of all the World". The three Scouters responsible for the preparation, organization and administration were very young men, but they made a success of the Jamboree. Ove Holm, later to become Chief Scout of Det Danske Spejderkorps, was the Organizing Secretary and Administrator, Jens Hvass, later a state forester and Divisional Scout Commissioner in North Jutland, was the Camp Chief, and Tage Carstensen, later a lawyer in Jutland, International Commissioner and founder of the Scout Blood Transfusion Service, was in charge of all international aspects.
The Second World Jamboree was officially opened on August 10, 1924 by Rear-Admiral Carl Carstensen, acting as the personal representative of King Christian X. Fourteen countries entered composite troops for the World Scout Championship, a test of Scoutcraft and stamina which continued throughout the week, and included camp inspections, hygiene, discipline, campfire songs and yells, folk dancing, swimming, handicraft, an obstacle course and patrol hike. The Boy Scouts of America won the competition, Great Britain came second and Hungary third. It was decided, however, not to renewing the idea, for fears that nationalism could harm Scout brotherhood. 
Lord Baden-Powell arrived at the Jamboree after opening day, and was received by a welcoming parade of all the Scouts. Just as he was about to speak, rain came down in torrents and everyone was soaked. The name given him was "Bademester", Danish for "Bath Superintendent." On the final Sunday the Scouts were inspected near the royal hunting lodge by King Christian in the pouring rain, and that afternoon Baden-Powell presented the competition prizes, saying "I have seen great numbers of Scouts in my life, but I have never seen any as wet as you are!" Because of the floods one part of the camp even had to evacuate temporarily.
King Christian X and Queen Alexandrine took part in the closing ceremony of the Jamboree. The Third International Conference was held concurrently in Copenhagen.
Contrary to the 1st World Scout Jamboree in Olympia Hall, the Danish Scouts wanted everyone placed in tents, and the Scouts were organized in troops and patrols, the model used thereafter. The Scouts homestayed with Danish families during the week after the jamboree.

</doc>
<doc id="19242061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242061" title="Freddy Sandoval">
Freddy Sandoval

Freddy Carol Sandoval Herrera (born August 16, 1982 in Tijuana, Mexico) is a former professional baseball third baseman.
Sandoval played his collegiate baseball for the San Diego Toreros from 2002-2004, and was part of two conference championship teams during his career there. 
Sandoval made his major league debut for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim against the New York Yankees on September 8, , at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, California. He Played in the 2009 World Baseball Classic as Mexico's leadoff hitter.
Was named Mental skills coach by Kansas City Royals...

</doc>
<doc id="19242083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242083" title="Ruby Rose">
Ruby Rose

Ruby Rose Langenheim (born 20 March 1986), better known as Ruby Rose, is an Australian model, television presenter, MTV VJ and recording artist.
Early life.
Rose was born to Katia Langenheim, a 20-year-old single mother and artist, who she now describes as one of her role-models. As a young child, she travelled frequently, living in rural Victoria, Tasmania and Surfers Paradise before finally settling in Melbourne. As a teenager, she attended University High School and Footscray City College. Ruby is the god-daughter of Lionel Rose and the great-granddaughter of Alec Campbell, the last surviving Battle of Gallipoli soldier.
Career.
Rose first gained fame by joining the Girlfriend model search in 2002, which she came in second to Catherine McNeil, to whom she was later engaged to be married. They have since broken up.
Television.
In order to land her gig as an MTV VJ in Australia, she competed against 2000 other hopefuls in a three-week national search, as former VJ Lyndsey Rodrigues moved to the United States to co-host TRL. As part of the competition, she downed 100 shots of beer in 100 minutes against ' Bam Margera, and kissed strangers on a busy Sydney street. However, she enjoys her job as VJ compared to her previous job as a model. "Being a model there is always something they want to change. Whether they want someone a little bit skinnier, a little bit taller, a little bit prettier, but MTV want you to be yourself ... not censoring anything and not conforming to anything". 
In 2009, Rose won the ASTRA Award for Favourite Female Personality. She also travelled to Kenya to "highlight ... amazing work" done by Global Vision International. She appeared on the first episode of "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation", representing Generation Y alongside comedian Josh Thomas.
She appeared in the episode "Media Virgins", of Australia's Next Top Model, acting as a guest judge. She also worked as a correspondent for the finale of Australia's Next Top Model.
From July 2009, Rose along with Dave Hughes, Charlie Pickering, Carrie Bickmore and James Mathison hosted The 7pm Project, an Australian television news talk show produced by Roving Enterprises which airs weeknights on Network Ten. She left the program to pursue her own hosting projects.
In October 2009 it was announced that FOX8 had picked up the rights to UK format "Ultimate School Musical", which features ordinary teenagers from a school attempting to put on a music production to a professional standard in just six weeks. The Australian version was produced by FremantleMedia Australia with Rose as host, and aired in 2010.
Rose also hosted the Foxtel Mardi Gras for 3 consecutive years before becoming an official correspondent for Foxtel for the Vancouver Winter Olympics in 2010.
Film.
She was selected in 2008 to act in upcoming Australian comedy film, "Suite for Fleur".
Ruby Rose is set to star alongside Christina Ricci in the upcoming feel good film " Around the Block".
Fashion.
In 2010 Ruby Rose collaborated with the Australian fashion label Milk and Honey to design a capsule fashion line, which embodies her unique style and personality. The collection named Milk and Honey Designed by Ruby Rose includes washed jeans, leather jackets and t-shirts with unique designs. The newly created clothing line is available in selected retailers in Australia.
Music.
In November 2012 Rose released her first single "Guilty Pleasure" with Gary Go.
Sport.
Ruby Rose won a charity boxing match
Personal life.
Rose came out as a lesbian when she was 12. As a teenager, she suffered from verbal taunts and physical abuse from her schoolmates due to her sexuality, even requiring hospitalisation once when she was 16. In 2008 and 2009, she was chosen as one of the "25 Most Influential Gay and Lesbian Australians" by Same Same, an Australian online gay and lesbian community.
In 2008, she was rumoured to be in a relationship with Jessica Origliasso from The Veronicas as the two had been seen behaving intimately. However, Rose denied this in a live blog, stating that the two are "really good mates". She has also been in a relationship with ANTM contestant Lola Van Vorst and was also briefly engaged to model Lyndsey Anne McMillan. They had planned to tie the knot in Canada but broke up in late 2009.
In late 2009, after breaking up with Lyndsey Anne, she was seen kissing Catherine McNeil, an Australian supermodel, during a pool party in Los Angeles. In 2010 she is reported to have become engaged to Catherine McNeil. However the couple called off the engagement on 2 July 2010.
She also briefly dated Australian gourmet chef Vanessa Morgan but their relationship soured due to long distance circumstances. Rose and Vanessa were both widely known to share a common interest in tattoos, female rights and travel, but their relationship slowly weakened due to rose' constant traveling.
Rose is also known for her extensive tattoo collection on her body, which she showed off in a photo spread for "Maxim Australia" and PETA, as part of the campaign "I'd Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur".
The family of Rose's godfather, the Australian boxing legend Lionel Rose, has questioned Rose's decision to take his name, saying they hardly know her and they question whether Ruby used it to further her career.
On 31 March 2013 Rose reported she was cancelling some DJ tour dates due to start in April so she could concentrate of winning her current battle with depression.

</doc>
<doc id="19242091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242091" title="William Herle">
William Herle

Sir William Herle (1270–1347) was a British justice. He was first appointed as an attorney for the Common Bench in 1291, and was appointed as a Serjeant-at-law for the Bench in 1299 and was in regular attendance until 1320. In 1315 he was made a King's Serjeant, and in 1320 replaced John Benstead as a junior justice for the Common Bench, being knighted in the same year. He was absent from the court for three terms in 1321 while sitting as a justice on an Eyre in London with Hervey de Stanton, but otherwise served continuously as a junior justice until he replaced Stanton as Chief Justice in 1327. He left in 1329 to serve on two Eyres in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, and returned in 1331. He left again in 1333, although he returned the same year, serving until 1335, making him one of only two Chief Justices of the Common Pleas to be appointed and then leave on three separate occasions; the other, Sir John Stonor, was his replacement on two of those occasions. He lived for another twelve years after retirement, dying in 1347.
Lord of the Manor.
William Herle was The Lord of the Manor of Braunstone and overlord of Sir Simon Pakeman of Kirby Muxloe.
Family.
William Herle had a son, Robert who died in 1364. He also had a daughter, Margaret, who married Ralph Hastings (c1329-1346). Robert who inherited titles, estates and possessions from his father, left the manor of Kirby to his sisters son, Sir Ralph Hastings when he died in1364 being the last male of the ancestral line.

</doc>
<doc id="19242092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242092" title="National Training Institute of Education, Science and Technology">
National Training Institute of Education, Science and Technology

National Training Institute of Education, Science and Technology (NEST) is training institute set up by the Korean Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (MEST). It is located in Bangbae 3-dong, Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea. 

</doc>
<doc id="19242112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242112" title="1906–07 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1906–07 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1906–07 season was the 5th season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in Copa Alfonso XIII.

</doc>
<doc id="19242137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242137" title="Contel">
Contel

ConTel Corporation (Continental Telephone) was the third largest independent phone company in the United States prior to the 1996 telecom deregulation. It was acquired by GTE in 1991.
History.
Early 20th Century.
ConTel Corporation's earliest predecessor, Telephone Communications Corporation, was founded by Charles Wohlstetter. After working as a Wall Street runner in the 1920s and as a Hollywood screenwriter in the 1930s, Wohlstetter returned to Wall Street in the 1940s and became a financier. In 1960 he made what he would later call a bad investment in an Alaskan oil company that would become the impetus for ConTel. To help turn that investment around, Wohlstetter raised $1.5 million to form a holding company, Telephone Communications Corporation. Some 30 years later, Wohlstetter's $1.5 million investment had grown into a company that had acquired and consolidated more than 750 smaller companies with total corporate assets hovering around $6 billion.
One of the company's first acquisitions was Central Western Company, which merged with Telephone Communications in 1961 to form the new parent Continental Telephone Company. The acquisition of Central Western, along with Harfil, Inc., provided the company with customer billing, general accounting, and toll separation services.
Continental based its early acquisition strategy on Kriegsspiel, a historical war game German generals played at Prussian war colleges. Wohlstetter applied the tenets of the game to telephone company operations and amassed detailed information on each independent telephone company in the United States.
Many of the early acquisitions were made through exchanges of stock, including the 1964 merger with Independent Telephone Company that doubled the company's size and changed its name in the process to Continental Independent Telephone Corporation. By the close of 1964, Continental had acquired more than 100 companies operating in 30 states.
The company adopted another new name, Continental Telephone Corporation, in 1965. Also during 1965 Continental acquired 65 more telephone companies and again doubled its size. By 1966 Continental had acquired more than 500 independent companies, had become the third-largest independent telephone company in the United States, and was one of the youngest companies ever listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
1970s.
By 1970 Continental's assets had topped $1 billion, and sales volume had risen to $120 million. Aside from its dominating telephone business, the company's activities by that time had grown to include cable television systems, directory publishing, equipment leasing, and data services.
With the number of small independents having diminished considerably by 1970, Continental's pace in acquiring telephone operating companies was reduced. Continental sold its cable television business in 1971, and after a sluggish economy had taken its toll on Continental's manufacturing and supply subsidiaries, those, too, were sold in 1976. Maguire resigned in 1976 because of health problems and was succeeded as president by James V. Napier, a former executive vice-president. That same year, Continental became the first telephone company outside the Bell system to install a digital telephone switching system, a move that provided improved network operating efficiency, allowed the introduction of new calling features, and started the transition away from operations dominated by rural service areas.
In response to the changing regulatory climate of the telephone industry, in 1978 Continental mapped out a diversification strategy into non regulated businesses. Continental's first diversification move came in 1979, with the acquisition of Executone, Inc., a New York-based communications equipment maker.
1980s.
By 1980 Continental had two million telephone access lines in service and had established its first fiber-optic cable, a high-speed, high-capacity telecommunications transmission mode. While Continental continued the process of upgrading its telephone operations, during the early 1980s the company's focus turned to greater diversification.
In July 1980 Continental entered the satellite business through a joint venture with Fairchild Industries, and a communications partnership firm, American Satellite Company, was formed to operate a network of earth-based stations that provided voice and data services. To provide technology services to accommodate its expanding needs, Continental then acquired two consulting and research firms, Network Analysis Corporation and International Computing Company.
In 1981 Continental acquired Page Communications Engineers Inc., later renamed ConTel Page, which gave Continental expertise in the engineering, installation, and maintenance of satellite-to-earth stations. One year later, Continental hooked up with Fairchild Industries in a second joint venture called Space Communications Company, a provider of tracking and relay data services for such clients as the NASA.
After the Federal Communications Commission opened the door to licenses for 30 cellular phone markets in 1981, Continental plunged into that field as well, acquiring sizable shares of cellular markets in Los Angeles, California; Washington, D.C.; and Minneapolis, Minnesota. Continental also entered the credit card authorization business in 1981, with the purchase of National Bancard Corporation. Two years later, Continental bolstered its interest in that business segment with the purchase of the Chase Merchants Services division of Chase Manhattan Bank.
In 1982 the corporation changed its name to Continental Telecom Incorporated, adopted a new corporate logo, and inaugurated an advertising campaign around the theme "architects of telecommunications." Continental's expansion into the information services sector continued in 1982 with the purchase of STSC Inc., a computer services supplier; and Cado Systems Corporation, a maker of small business computers. That same year company revenues surpassed the $2 billion mark for the first time.
In 1984 Continental formed the subsidiary ConTel Cellular Inc. to handle the corporation's growing cellular operations. A year later, Continental culminated its diversification moves and reorganized into four business sectors: telephone and cellular operations; business systems, offering voice and data processing products and services; federal systems, handling various facets of communication and information systems for government agencies; and information systems, offering telecommunications systems and services to large corporations, institutions, and government entities.
As a result of the company's growing interest in the information services marketplace, in 1985 Continental acquired several computer system and software companies, including Northern Data Systems, Data Equipment Systems Corporation, and Sooner Enterprises, Inc. Continental also purchased Fairchild Industries's interests in American Satellite Co., later renamed ConTel ASC, and Space Communications Company.
That same year, Continental sold its directory publishing division, its time-share services business, and its credit card authorization business. In the midst of reorganization in 1985, Napier resigned, and John N. Lemasters, former American Satellite Company president, was named president and chief executive officer.
Continental's telephone operations were repositioned during the mid-1980s through numerous sales and exchanges. Subsidiaries in Nebraska, Colorado, Alaska, the Bahamas, and Barbados were sold, and operations in Michigan were exchanged for similar operations in Indiana and three southern states.
The name ConTel Corporation was adopted in 1986. That same year, ConTel's new tenant services division set the stage for future growth by acquiring tenant service operations in Atlanta and Seattle. In September 1986 ConTel announced it had agreed to merge with Communications Satellite Corporation (Comsat), but by mid-1987 ConTel had called off the deal, citing Comsat's unstable financial picture. ConTel acquired Comsat's international private-line business and its very-small-aperture terminal (VSAT) satellite business in 1987, as well as Equatorial Communications Company, a provider of private satellite data networks. That same year, ConTel agreed to sell Executone, its troubled telephone interconnect business, and Texocom, ConTtel's equipment supply business.
In the late 1980s, ConTel continued to narrow its focus in the information systems sectors. In 1988, it sold its computer-based business, ConTel Business Systems, and a year later disposed of ConTel Credit Corporation. ConTel Federal Systems continued to grow during that same period, and in 1988 it acquired two Eaton Corporation subsidiaries: Information Management Systems and Data Systems Services. Two years later ConTel purchased Telos Corporation, with expertise in government-preferred computer software. ConTel's tenant services and cellular businesses also got a boost in 1988 with the acquisition of RealCom Communications Corporation, an IBM tenant services subsidiary, and Southland Mobilcom Inc.'s interests in the Mobile, Alabama, and the Pensacola, Florida, cellular markets.
Acquisition by GTE.
In 1990 ConTel completed the biggest acquisition in its history, a $1.3 billion purchase of McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc.'s controlling interests in 13 cellular markets, which added more than six million potential customers and doubled ConTel's cellular potential population market (known in the industry as POPs). While important, that move was eclipsed by the merger with GTE announced later that same year. Through that transition, the two former competitors were expected to integrate telephone and mobile-cellular operations and capitalize on business unit similarities in the field of satellite communications as well as in communications systems and services targeting government entities.
Following action or review by more than 20 governmental bodies, in March 1991 the merger of GTE and ConTel was approved. Over half of ConTel's $6.6 billion purchase price, $3.9 billion, was assumed debt. When Charles Lee succeeded James (Rocky) L. Johnson to become CEO in 1992, his first order of business was reduction of that obligation. He sold GTE's North American Lighting business to a Siemens affiliate for over $1 billion, shaved off local exchange properties in Idaho, Tennessee, Utah, and West Virginia to generate another $1 billion, divested its interest in Sprint in 1992, and sold its GTE Spacenet satellite operations to General Electric in 1994. As of 2012, the Contel logo appears on the site map of Verizon's website, as to maintain the trademark.

</doc>
<doc id="19242178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242178" title="2008–09 Second &amp; Third Division knock-out">
2008–09 Second &amp; Third Division knock-out

The Second & Third Division Knockout 2008–09, known as quick Keno Second & Third Division knockout 2008-09 for sponsorship reasons, is a group and knockout competition for Maltese football clubs in the 2nd and 3rd division.
The competition began on 3 September 2008 and will end with the final on 30 May 2009.
In the group stage there are 8 groups with 4 teams in Group 1 to 7 and 3 teams in Group 8.The winners of the groups advance to the quarter finals were teams are eliminated in knockout fashion until the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19242215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242215" title="Midtown Comics">
Midtown Comics

Midtown Comics is a New York City comic book retailer with three shops in Manhattan and an e-commerce website. The largest comic book store in the United States, the company opened its first store in the Times Square area in 1997. Its second was opened on Lexington Avenue in 2004, and is known as the Grand Central store for its proximity to Grand Central Terminal. Its Downtown store was opened on Fulton Street in the Financial District in November 2010. It also operates a boutique inside Manhattan's FAO Schwarz toy store and a shop in the Times Square Toys R Us. The store, which is noted for appearances by celebrities known outside the comic book industry, and for its friendly and energetic staff, was named by "The Village Voice" in 2012 as the Best Comic Book Store in New York, and has been hailed by Comic Book Resources as "the industry’s leading retailer of comic books, graphic novels and manga." On July 13, 2012, the National Geographic Channel premiered "Comic Store Heroes", a reality television program set at Midtown Comics.
History.
Midtown was founded by partners Gerry Gladston, Angelo Chantly, Thomas Galitos and Robert Mileta, who met as teenagers in Astoria, Queens, and later sold comics in their video stores in Brooklyn and Queens before opening Midtown Comics in Manhattan, which houses approximately 500,000 books in its collection. According to "The New York Times":
"The stereotypical view of comics stores is that they are dim, cramped and dusty places with a no-girls-allowed clubhouse atmosphere. In reality, they run the gamut. For instance, the West Side Midtown store is bright, airy and welcoming to all, with two floors and of space. The main floor, which is one story above street level, has a long wall with countless racks of new and recently released comics. The rest of the space offers DVDs, manga, trading cards, back issues and trade paperbacks. Toys and other collectibles are upstairs. The second Midtown store, on Lexington Avenue and 45th Street, though smaller than the first one, is just as inviting."
Midtown Comics is the official retail sponsor of New York Comic Con, and has performed this role since the NYCC's inception in 2006. Each year, Midtown creates a "show-within-a-show", featuring round-the-clock appearances by comics creators and variant comic books by publishers like Marvel Comics and Top Cow.
On November 10, 2010, Midtown Comics opened a third Manhattan store. Known as their Downtown store, it is located in the Financial District, at 64 Fulton Street, in the southernmost section of the borough. Inaugural book signings were held for that branch featuring Jim Lee and Jonathan Layman, creator of "Chew". As of June 2012, Midtown is the largest comic book store in the United States.
The store is a sponsor of Artists Assemble!, a comics festival in Union City, New Jersey that began in February 2013.
In May 2012, Midtown Comics opened a boutique inside the flagship FAO Schwarz toy store in Manhattan's Fifth Avenue shopping district. the boutique offers graphic novels, hardcover books, apparel and collectibles. In October 2013, Midtown opened a shop inside the Toys R Us store in Manhattan's Times Square. The shop, which is located next to the second floor animatronic Tyrannosaurus that forms the centerpiece of the "Jurassic Park" display, offers items similar to that offered in the FAO Schwarz boutique.
Internet presence.
Midtown's website was at first purely informational, but has developed into a full-scale web retail site. The stores and website are supported by a warehouse in Queens, and a staff of thirty who are described by "New York Magazine" as "a rare mix of nerd knowledge and chummy confidence – who foster an atmosphere where browsing is more than just a means to a badly needed social end."
Midtown also produces a weekly podcast that covers the comic book industry, with a different comic book creator interviewed each week.
In media.
As Manhattan is the location of the Big Two of the American comic book publishing industry, Marvel Comics and DC Comics, and the setting for much of the former's stories, Midtown Comics Times Square and its staff have been utilized for local news reporting relating to comic books and popular culture. "The New York Daily News" interviewed Midtown Comics co-owner Gerry Gladston for a 2006 story on vintage comics selling for large amounts of money at auction. Gladston was later interviewed by the "Daily News" and CBS News for a 2009 story on the return of Captain America after Marvel Comics had killed him off two years previously. Midtown's staff were also consulted by major media outlets in 2009 regarding the appearance of President Barack Obama in an issue of "Spider-Man", and again later that year regarding the anticipation of the release of the film "Avatar". The media also rely on Midtown as a source for reaction to industry news and events. "Publishers Weekly" relies on them for their annual survey about the state of the comics and graphic novel marketplace and for their coverage of Free Comic Book Day, while Comic Book Resources quoted Gladston for reaction to Axel Alonso's 2011 promotion to editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics. Gladston was consulted by multiple publications on the effects on new readership of DC Comics' 2011 relaunch, The New 52, for which Midtown Comics held a midnight signing on August 31, 2011.
Midtown Comics Times Square was the location of the December 21, 2010 press conference in which Marvel Comics Editor-in-Chief Joe Quesada and Executive Editors Tom Brevoort and Axel Alonso announced the 2011 company-wide crossover storyline "Fear Itself". It was later the location of the March 31, 2012 New York City Launch Party for the Disney XD TV series, "Ultimate Spider-Man", where Marvel Chief Creative Officer Joe Quesada and series writer/producer Joe Kelly presented a sneak preview of the series' pilot episode for small audiences of fans.
The store has also been mentioned in comic book stories themselves. In "Ex Machina" #12 (August 2005) by Brian K. Vaughn and Wildstorm Productions, the main character, Mitchell Hundred, laments the closing of a beloved comic book store in Lower Manhattan following the September 11 attacks, and a friend mentions some real-life comics shops that are still open, including St. Mark's Comics, Jim Hanley's Universe, and Midtown Comics. Comic book writer Mark Millar explicitly references the store in "Ultimate Comics Avengers 3" #2 (October 2010), in which Nerd Hulk requests permission from Captain America to attend a book signing there.
On July 13, 2012, the National Geographic Channel premiered "Comic Store Heroes", a reality television program set at the store, and starring Gladston, Marketing Manager Thor Parker and pricing expert Alex Rae. Like similar series such as "Pawn Stars" and "Comic Book Men", the program focuses on the interactions between the store's staff and its devoted comics aficionado customer base, as well as the conflict among its staff as it prepares its booth for the New York ComicCon. Parker explains that "Comic Store Heroes" is distinct from filmmaker Kevin Smith's reality series, "Comic Book Men", saying, "We’re fans of Kevin's show and what it brings to the table, but we wanted to take things in a different direction. We wanted to try and work the typical stereotypes about comic book fans and show that comics and the comic community have the ability to help people find acceptance, become part of an extremely welcoming family, and really make a difference in people’s lives."
Signings and appearances.
Midtown Comics has hosted signings by comic book creators such as Rob Liefeld, Dave Gibbons, Mark Millar and Simone Bianchi, as well as celebrities known outside the comic book industry, such as Amber Benson, Tim Gunn, Fallout Boy, Olivia Munn, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, filmmaker Kevin Smith actor Zachary Quinto. and civil rights leader and U.S. Congressman John Lewis.
Although the store normally closes in the evening, it will sometimes hold special midnight releases in order to begin selling certain high-profile books during the first minutes of the Wednesday shipping day, before other stores are able to. These events usually feature store appearances by creators, such as a September 2008 appearance by Peter David and Mike Perkins to promote ' and ', and an August 2011 appearance by Jim Lee and Geoff Johns to promote titles related to DC Comics' "Flashpoint" and The New 52 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19242235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242235" title="Paula Tesoriero">
Paula Tesoriero

Paula Margaret Tesoriero, MNZM (born 29 August 1975 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand paralympics racing cyclist, most notable for her performance at the 2008 Summer Paralympics; her world record-breaking time in the women's 500m time trial secured New Zealand's first gold medal at that games, and she later went on to win bronze in both the individual pursuit, and the women's individual road time trial. She broke the world record earlier in the year and also won two silver medals at the 2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Tesoriero suffers from disabilities in both legs, with no ankle on her right leg and she wears a carbon limb on her left leg and is therefore classified as a LC3 athlete. Tesoriero also competes in the 25 km road bicycle racingroad race.
Tesoriero is a senior manager in the Ministry of Justice, working as General Manager Higher Courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19242241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242241" title="Jim Vanderzwaan">
Jim Vanderzwaan

Jim Vanderzwaan is a television meteorologist who works in Salinas, California. He holds the National Weather Association's seal of approval. His ability at weather forecasting has earned him awards from both the Associated Press and the Radio-Television News Directors Association.
History.
His career in broadcasting began in 1974 in Reno, Nevada. Pursuing an airman certificate in 1978 sparked his interest in meteorology and his career turned to broadcast meteorology two years later. Before permanently settling in his residence in the Salinas Valley in 1983 he worked at stations in Boise, Idaho and Medford, Oregon.
Personal life.
With his strong interest in aviation, Jim has been a frequent announcer at two of central California's airshows. Both the Santa Cruz County airshow as well as the larger California International Airshow in Salinas have had Jim perform as crowd entertainer and educator. He's appeared at the airshow in Salinas since 1983 as announcer and has performed as director of flight operations as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19242288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242288" title="Iyothee Thass">
Iyothee Thass

Iyothee Thass or Pandit C. Ayodhya Dasa () (May 20, 1845 – 1914) was a practitioner of Siddha medicine who is regarded as a pioneer of the Dravidian Movement.
Early life.
Iyothee Thass was born Kathavarayan on May 20, 1845 in a Dalit (Paraiyar) family from Coimbatore district. His grandfather worked for Lord Arlington and little Kathavarayan profitted immensely from this association. Soon, he became an expert on Tamil literature, philosophy and indigenous medicine and could speak Tamil, English, Sanskrit and Pali.
Assumption of leadership of Dalits.
In the 1870s, Iyothee Thass organized the Todas and other tribes of the Nilgiri Hills into a formidable force. In 1876, Thass established the Advaidananda Sabha and launched a magazine called "Dravida Pandian" in collaboration with Rev. John Rathinam.
In 1886, Thass issued a revolutionary declaration that untouchables were not Hindus. Following this declaration, he established the "Dravida Mahajana Sabha" in 1891. During the 1891 census, he urged Dalits to register themselves as "casteless Dravidians" instead of identifying themselves as Hindus.
Conversion to Buddhism.
Iyothee Thass met Colonel H. S. Olcott with his followers and expressed a sincere desire to convert to Buddhism. According to Thass, the Paraiyars of Tamilakam were originally Buddhists and owned the land which had later been robbed from them by aryan invaders. With Olcott's help, Thass was able to visit Ceylon and obtain "diksha" from the Sinhalese Buddhist monk Bikkhu Sumangala Nayake. On returning, Thass established the Sakya Buddhist Society in Madras with branches all over South India. The Sakya Buddhist Society was also known as the "Indian Buddhist Association". and was established in the year 1898.
and
Political activism and later life.
On June 19, 1907, Iyothee Thass launched a Tamil newspaper called "Oru Paisa Tamizhan" or "One Paise Tamilian". In his later days, he was a vehement criticizer of Brahmins.
Iyothee Thass died in 1914 at the age of 69.
Legacy.
Iyothee Thass remains the first recognized anti-Brahmin leader of the Madras Presidency. In many ways, Periyar, Dravidar Kazhagam, Dr. Ambedkar, Udit Raj and Thirumavalavan are inheritors of his legacy. He was also the first notable Dalit leader to embrace Buddhism.
However, Iyothee Thass was largely forgotten until recent times when the Dalit Sahitya Academy, a publishing house owned by Dalit Ezhilmalai published his writings. Ezhilmalai, then the Union Health Minister, also made a desired to name the planned National Center for Siddha Research after the leader. However, the proposal did not come into effect until 2005, when vehement protests by Se. Ku. Tamilarasan of the Republican Party of India (RPI) forced the Government to take serious note of the matter. The institute for Siddha Research (National Institute of Siddha) was subsequently inaugurated by Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on September 3, 2005 and named the Dalit leader. At its inauguration, the hospital had 120 beds. The patients were treated as per the traditional system of Siddha medicine.
A commemorative postage stamp on him was issued on 21-October-2005. His works are nationalized and solatium was given to their legal heirs in 2008.
Criticism.
Some later critics labeled Iyothee Thass as an Anglophile, who was staunchly against the Indian freedom movement. In the early part of the 20th century, he indulged in vehement condemnation of the Swadeshi movement and the nationalist press remarking that he could "locate the power of the modern secular brahmin in the control he wielded over public opinion."

</doc>
<doc id="19242297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19242297" title="Takashi Uesugi">
Takashi Uesugi

, is a Japanese freelance journalist and former research assistant for the "New York Times", born in Fukuoka Prefecture and raised in Tokyo. He is also former aide to Liberal Democratic Party lawmaker Kunio Hatoyama, and author of numerous books, most recently "The Collapse of Journalism" (ジャーナリズム崩壊). He also wrote a book about the first Abe administration, "Kantei Hokai" (官邸崩壊), published in August 2007.
Uesugi graduated from the Department of English Literature at Tsuru University. He says he got an offer letter from Japan's national broadcasting company NHK. He, however, failed to graduate college. NHK withdrew the employment offer. He also said NHK had hired him, and worked as a reviewer for NHK in the other opportunity. Uesugi wrote NHK protested that he had never worked for NHK in his blog. From age 26, he worked for 5 years as a secretary for Kunio Hatoyama before quitting this job to become a research assistant for the Tokyo branch office of the "New York Times".
He is one of the loudest critics in Japan of Tokyo Electric Power Company's handling of the Fukushima I nuclear accidents. In March 2012, he fabricated a story in the daily paper "Yukan Fuji" that two cities in Fukushima had been deemed unlivable, based on fake "Wall Street Journal" journalists' comments. "Yukan Fuji" retracted the article later that day and printed a correction in its following edition. He refused to apologize for this.
On Twitter, he is responsible for spreading a false rumor the Shintaro Ishihara was a stockholder in TEPCO and for starting the false rumor that "Asahi Shinbun" journalists were prohibited from using Twitter, which was ironically refuted by an "Asahi" journalist using Twitter. Twitter users frequently criticize him for spreading false information.
Uesugi was a vociferous critic of Japan's Kisha club system and the Japanese mass media. In October 2012, it was discovered that one of his books plagiarized mass media news articles.
On October 15, 2012, he released the official statement to replace his past words: "Japanese mainstream media had never reported "it" in March and April after Japan earthquake 2011." into "A part of Japanese mainstream media reported "it". However, they didn't keep readers and audiences well-updated." retroactively.
He is also extremely critical of Wikipedia.

</doc>
