<doc id="19336335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336335" title="Burro Flats Painted Cave">
Burro Flats Painted Cave

Burro Flats Painted Cave is in the Burro Flats area of the Simi Hills, located between the Simi Valley, and West Hills and Bell Canyon, in Ventura County of Southern California, United States. It is a Cave containing Chumash Native American pictographs. The cave is near the historic Chumash settlement of "Hu'wam", along upper Bell Creek, and Tongva/Fernandeño settlement "Jucjauynga" The cave is located in present day Area IV of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory on private land owned by Boeing, formerly operated by Rocketdyne for testing rocket engines and nuclear research. The Burro Flats Painted Cave is not accessible to the public. Panorama of Burro Flats cave art here
Pictographs.
Among the pictographs at Burro Flats are two human stick figures wearing headdresses with lines radiating from the heads. There are also stick-figure animals with four fingers, a circle with a star inside, a plant resembling a cornstalk, and more abstract groupings of circles and trigrams. The cave is a small, hollowed-out portion of a long, low rock set into a grassy slope. The Burro Flats pictographs have been termed "the best preserved Indian pictograph in Southern California." Archaeologists estimate the drawings are several hundred years old. There is a replica of the pictographs at the Southwest Museum in Highland Park, Los Angeles.
In 1971, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that some have suggested "that the cave's drawings were made by Indian maidens who slept here and drew what they saw in their dreams, perhaps as part of puberty rites." Others have suggested that it was used as an astronomical observatory and to celebrate the winter solstice. The Chumash celebrated the "return of the sun" as their civilization depended on the sun for life. Anthropologist Al Knight has described the importance of the winter solstice to the local Chumash as follows: "The entire local Native American Indian religious ritual cycle is centered on the moment of winter solstice. It's like rolling together our Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's celebration in one event." Another theory is that the drawings were a cooperative effort between the Chumash and Gabrielino tribes in the 15th century to celebrate the solstice and friendship between the two tribes. One anthropology professor has opined that the Burro Flats pictographs were painted between 500 A.D. and the arrival of the Spanish settlers. He noted, "They've had very little vandalism, one of the least molested sites I know of."
Preservation.
The cave is located near the historic Chumash settlement of "Hu'wam", along upper Bell Creek, and Fernandeño settlement "Jucjauynga". In 1971, Fernandeño Indians asked Rocketdyne to safeguard the cave drawings. At the time, Fernandeño tribal leader Rudy Ortega, Sr. said, "We really know very little of our heritage. ... The paintings are one of the few physical links to our heritage. We hope one day to interpret their stories for our people." 
Tribal leaders expressed concern about damage that could result from vandals or weather and asked Rocketdyne to enclose the drawings in glass. Rocketdyne officials fenced off the area, which was still being used to test rocket engines, and tribal leaders next petitioned to have the site declared a state or national historic monument. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. In 1978, the pictographs were the subject of the documentary film, "Cave Paintings of the Chumash Indians." The Santa Susana Field Laboratory is now closed and undergoing a complex toxic-radionuclide pollution analysis for a subsequent cleanup. Historical Resource studies and protection are part of the process. The land is to become a park when the cleanup is done. 
Rocketdyne occasionally allowed Chumash descendants to visit the site. In 1995, a Chumash holy man, Mati Waiya of Newbury Park, visited the site along with a group that included a "Los Angeles Times" reporter. Waiya performed a ceremony involving eagle feathers, dried tobacco leaves, shaking a wooden rattle in front of the paintings, and chanting. At the time, the Chumash tribe renewed its request for Rocketdyne to return the site back to the tribe or grant access to the state parks department for better security and public access. Since the passing over of the complex from Rocketdyne to Boeing, access to site, at least for tribe members, has become ameliorated.
In order to guard the pictographs, the exact location of the cave is kept secret, its location not marked even on Boeing company maps. Archeologists are not allowed to view it without special permission. After concerns were raised again in the 1990s about the security of the cave paintings, Rocketdyne officials declined to discuss its specific security and surveillance measures, but noted that the location was restricted to prevent trespassers and vandals. A company official noted, "Those are probably the most protected of any pictographs in Southern California, and the fact they're the only ones that haven't been desecrated I think is proof of that."

</doc>
<doc id="19336369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336369" title="Web threat">
Web threat

A web threat is any threat that uses the World Wide Web to facilitate cybercrime. Web threats use multiple types of malware and fraud, all of which utilize HTTP or HTTPS protocols, but may also employ other protocols and components, such as links in email or IM, or malware attachments or on servers that access the Web. They benefit cybercriminals by stealing information for subsequent sale and help absorb infected PCs into botnets.
Web threats pose a broad range of risks, including financial damages, identity theft, loss of confidential information/data, theft of network resources, damaged brand/personal reputation, and erosion of consumer confidence in e-commerce and online banking.
It is a type of threat related to information technology (IT). The IT risk, i.e. risk affecting has gained and increasing impact on society due to the spread of IT processes.
Delivery methods.
Web threats can be divided into two primary categories, based on delivery method – push and pull. Push-based threats use spam, phishing, or other fraudulent means to lure a user to a malicious (often spoofed) website which then collects information and/or injects malware. Push attacks use phishing, DNS poisoning (or pharming), and other means to appear to originate from a trusted source.
Precisely-targeted push-based web threats are often referred to as spear phishing to reflect the focus of their data gathering attack. Spear phishing typically targets specific individuals and groups for financial gain. In other push-based web threats, malware authors use social engineering such as enticing subject lines that reference holidays, popular personalities, sports, pornography, world events and other hot topics to persuade recipients to open the email and follow links to malicious websites or open attachments with malware that accesses the Web.
Pull-based web threats are often referred to as “drive-by” threats by experts (and more commonly as “drive-by downloads” by journalists and the general public), since they can affect any website visitor. Cybercriminals infect legitimate websites, which unknowingly transmit malware to visitors or alter search results to take users to malicious websites. Upon loading the page, the user’s browser passively runs a malware downloader in a hidden HTML frame (IFRAME) without any user interaction.
Growth of web threats.
“And if today’s malware runs mostly runs on Windows because it’s the commonest executable platform, tomorrow’s will likely run on the Web, for the very same reason. Because, like it or not, the Web is already a huge executable platform, and we should start thinking of it this way, from a security perspective.” – Giorgio Maone 
The growth of web threats is a result of the popularity of the Web – a relatively unprotected, widely and consistently used medium that is crucial to business productivity, online banking, and e-commerce as well as the everyday lives of people worldwide. The appeal of Web 2.0 applications and websites increases the vulnerability of the Web. Most Web 2.0 applications make use of AJAX, a group of web development programming tools used for creating interactive web applications or rich Internet applications. While users benefit from greater interactivity and more dynamic websites, they are also exposed to the greater security risks inherent in browser client processing.
Examples.
In September 2008, malicious hackers broke into several sections of BusinessWeek.com to redirect visitors to malware-hosting websites. Hundreds of pages were compromised with malicious JavaScript pointing to third-party servers.
In August 2008, popular social networking sites were hit by a worm using social engineering techniques to get users to install a piece of malware. The worm installs comments on the sites with links to a fake site. If users follow the link, they are told they need to update their Flash Player. The installer then installs malware rather than the Flash Player. The malware then downloads a rogue anti-spyware application, AntiSpy Spider.
In May 2008, websites worldwide were compromised with a malicious JavaScript. Initially a half million websites worldwide were infected with a SQL injection which leveraged a ZLOB variant which then downloaded additional Trojan onto users’ PCs. Then websites in China, Taiwan and Singapore were compromised followed shortly thereafter by humanitarian, government and news sites in the UK, Israel and Asia. In this attack the compromised websites led, through a variety of redirects, to the download of a Trojan.
Prevention and detection.
Conventional approaches have failed to fully protect consumers and businesses from web threats. The most viable approach is to implement multi-layered protection—protection in the cloud, at the Internet gateway, across network servers and on the client.

</doc>
<doc id="19336402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336402" title="Secretary of State of Louisiana">
Secretary of State of Louisiana

The Secretary of State of Louisiana is one of the elected constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Louisiana. The position was created by Article 4, Section 7 of the Louisiana Constitution.
The current Secretary of State is Tom Schedler.
Structure & Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is composed of eight divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19336413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336413" title="Handball at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Handball at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Austria had a squad of 22 players.
Head coach: 

Germany had a squad of 22 players.
Head coach: Otto-Günther Kaundinya

Hungary had a squad of 21 players five of them are unknown.
Head coach: 

</doc>
<doc id="19336418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336418" title="Engineer reconnaissance">
Engineer reconnaissance

Engineer reconnaissance is the reconnaissance operations performed by combat engineers to enable forward movement of own troops, in war usually over territory previously occupied by the enemy. The activity includes provision of reconnaissance instructions on the intended route for which a commander needs an engineer reconnaissance report, identification of road and bridge symbols, posting of safe transit notices for identified bridge capacities, estimation for time and materials required to effect route repair, and performance of demolition reconnaissance to identify intended enemy demolitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19336435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336435" title="Mask and Bauble Dramatic Society">
Mask and Bauble Dramatic Society

The Mask and Bauble Dramatic Society of Georgetown University is the oldest continuously running collegiate theatre troupe in the United States. Today, the Society is one of five theatre groups on the Georgetown campus and is entirely student-run. In its 162nd Season, the group continues to provide an opportunity for students to develop artistic, technical, and administrative skills, while performing high-quality theatre.
History.
Mask and Bauble was founded in 1852 as The Dramatic Association of Georgetown College, staging its first show, "Pizarro", a play by Richard Brinsley Sheridan, on February 27, 1853. World War I priorities caused a suspension of its performances, and after the war the group was revived with the new name of Mask and Bauble. The society was the first of its kind to use female actresses in 1922, as female roles were previously filled by male actors. It formally accepted female members in 1934.
During this time the Society had a close relationship with the Roosevelt White House, with Eleanor Roosevelt as a society patron. During the Eisenhower and Kennedy administrations, student technicians from the group assisted with the technical aspects of some of the nation's first televised presidential press conferences. This intimate relationship with the White House was nurtured by the society's faculty adviser, Donn B. Murphy, who also served as theatrical adviser to Kennedy and Johnson. Murphy served until 1976, although he remains involved with Georgetown theatre. The Society's annual playwright contest and one acts festival bears his name, and promotes student-written plays.
Today.
Mask and Bauble performs in Poulton Hall's Stage Three, on the Georgetown campus. This theater space, part of the university, was occupied by students from the group over spring break in 1975. Unsatisfied with university commitment to theater, they squatted in what was previously Room 57, and built a makeshift theater they named Stage Two. The university forced this to be taken down, but built the group a small theater in Poulton Hall, which became Stage Three. Stage One was then converted into the scene and costume shop. While the club's alumni were very active in raising money to build Georgetown's new Davis Performing Arts Center, the society and other student groups have been restricted from using the Center's main theatre due to their insistence on maintaining student, rather than faculty, direction. In 2009, Mask & Bauble co-produced "Caroline, or Change" with the Black Theater Ensemble and the Department of Performing Arts on the main stage of the Davis center, making it the first student directed play on the Gonda Stage.
Club membership hovers around 90-100 students, making it the largest theatre group on Georgetown's campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19336453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336453" title="Jacques Georges Habib Hafouri">
Jacques Georges Habib Hafouri

Jacques Georges Habib Hafouri (August 20, 1916 – May 4, 2011) was a Syrian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the oldest Syrian Roman Catholic bishop.
Hafouri was born in Damas, Syria and was ordained a priest on January 28, 1940. Hafouri was appointed Bishop of Archeparchy of Hassaké-Nisibi Diocese on March 18, 1982 and ordained bishop on August 13, 1982. He remained bishop of the diocese until his retirement on June 28, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19336497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336497" title="1986 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1986 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1986 Individual Speedway World Championship was the fourth and so far last to be held at the Silesian Stadium in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19336517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336517" title="Mastini">
Mastini

Mastini can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19336599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336599" title="Stewart Francis">
Stewart Francis

Stewart Francis is a Canadian stand-up comedian, actor and writer. In addition to his work in Canada and the USA, he frequently tours in the UK and appears on British television. Both of Francis' parents are British.
Career.
Stand-up.
Francis delivers a deadpan performance with many one-liners.
Francis has headlined all over North America and the United Kingdom, and performed in numerous venues worldwide, including Hong Kong, South Africa, and throughout Europe.
On 6 June 2009 he performed on the Edinburgh section of "Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow".
Francis was the support act for Ricky Gervais on his Science tour, performing in such places as Portsmouth Guildhall, New Theatre, Oxford, Brighton Centre and the O2 Arena in Dublin in late 2009 and early 2010.
He has also made 12 appearances on popular British panel show "Mock the Week".
He appeared on "Live at the Apollo" on 9 December 2010 and 14 December 2012.
In 2012 he won the annual award for the funniest joke of the Edinburgh Fringe.
Acting.
Stewart starred as a series regular on "An American in Canada" and also acted in "Kevin Hill". In 2007, he appeared in an episode of the BBC sitcom "Not Going Out" as Hillary Allison (The producers said in an interview that he had been considered for the part of recurring character Guy, but rejected because he was too young and given this role instead). He also made a brief appearance in "The Omid Djalili Show".
Writing.
Stewart has written for "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "The Gemini Awards" and "Puppets Who Kill", as well as having his work published in "The Hockey News".
Television work.
In the US he is a regular guest on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" and he was the host of trivia game show "You Bet Your Ass". In the UK, his TV appearances include "The Comedy Store", "Mock the Week", "8 out of 10 Cats", "The Big Stage", "For One Night Only" and "Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow". After his first appearance on Mock the Week as an almost unknown, he was so successful he was asked back three more times in the series that followed, making him a website favourite to replace Frankie Boyle. In 2010 Stewart appeared in a special Children in Need episode of "Mastermind" where his specialist subject was the Toronto Maple Leafs.

</doc>
<doc id="19336604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336604" title="NGhost">
NGhost

nGhost is a "front-end" interface for Car Infotainment System software written in C++. NGhost was created and currently maintained by Kevron Rees in September 2006. NGhost runs on the Linux Operating system and is Free Software. NGhost is part of the OpenICE platform.
nGhost differs from traditional frontend interfaces that normally "mask" the Windows Operating System by replacing the default graphical user interface with its own. Instead nGhost integrates into the OS as the desktop.
History.
nGhost Pre 1.0.
nGhost was conceived in 2006 by Kevron Rees as a frontend application to be run on top of the GeexBox mini Linux distribution. It was initially a means through which Rees wanted to improve his programming skill. At that time, no freely available and up-to-date frontend existed for the Linux operating system.
Underneath, nGhost was built using SDL and used Mplayer for media playback.
nGhost 1.0.
During the 0.x days and with the rise of the LinuxICE project, nGhost gained a few loyal developers. Among them is Chris Eubank who helped design the user-interface and skinning definition. Sergie Golumbovski also jumped on board for a time and helped make the push to 1.0.
During this time, flaws in the current design were making it painful to develop new features. Work soon began on nGhost 2.0.
2.0.
nGhost2 was a complete rewrite of nGhost from scratch. The aims for 2.0 were to provide an extensible system that would make adding new features easier. nGhost2 was to not only be an application, but a framework for creating dynamic touchscreen driven applications. Icepanel is another application that implemented the nGhost2 framework
nGhost2 introduced a number of new concepts into the in-vehicle infotainment software space. Notably, nGhost2 introduced a socket-based Inter-process communication (IPC) engine where separate applications could control and provide UI inside nGhost. nGhost2 also introduced the frontend-as-a-desktop idea: instead of nGhost running as the topmost level application, it will run as the bottommost application replacing your desktop.
Post 2.0, nGhost received a plugin system where lib based code could extend nGhost's functionality dynamically.
2.5.
After 2.0.2, nGhost underwent some heavy changes. An improved asynchronous/synchronous event system was introduced. This new event system allowed skin developers to "program" functionality into nGhost dynamically by creating, subscribing to and firing events.
3.0 and the future.
Months after 2.0 was started, 3.0 was being planned by developers. 3.0 was to improve the framework to make UI creation easier. One of the weaknesses in nGhost2 was the fact that every widget (i.e. a button) was written from scratch using SDL. This wasn't able to achieve the eye-candy effects or the speed that developers wanted, and addition functionality to the widget was time consuming and bug-prone. In addition to the weaknesses in the widget, nGhost rewrote many stacks that exist in other toolkits like event systems, concurrency, and IPC communication. The next generation of nGhost would address these issues by using Qt. Nearly all the functionality existed in Qt to allow fast prototyping of applications. Clutter was used in addition to Qt to allow rich graphical eyecandy.
Despite early planning, work didn't begin on 3.0 until May 2009. While Rees was on vacation in the Philippines, he wrote the base UI framework in about 3 weeks.
nGhost3 leaves the single, monolithic frontend idea completely. Developers decided that through the use of a multi-process design, nGhost would be easier developed and more stable. The 3rd generation nGhost will be completely modular. Plugins will be developed as dynamic libraries and loaded via "client" into their own process space. The plugins communicate with each other through the "server", a daemon that manages plugins.
While still unreleased, nGhost3 aims to be a rich framework for building touchscreen driven applications.
Future plugins.
The following is a list of plugins that are in development:

</doc>
<doc id="19336639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336639" title="Lunu miris">
Lunu miris

Lunumiris is purely made out of grinding dried chilli flakes with sea salt. Many people use this term loosely to the commonly known derivative of this so-called Katta sambol. An altered version of lunu miris is commonly used throughout Sri Lanka which is another similar preparation made by grinding on a granite grinding stone or pounding in a mortar and pestle to make, like a salsa, a mixture of red onions, dried chilli flakes, maldive fish, sea salt and lime juice. It is the katta sambole which is famous throughout Sri Lanka and lunumiris was a traditional paste used to accompany foods like hoppers, vada and Kiribath (milk rice) in the rural setting. Lunumiris can still be seen in some villages and rural settings. Katta sambol is freely available in all parts of Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="19336645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336645" title="Arthur Joseph O'Neill">
Arthur Joseph O'Neill

Arthur Joseph O'Neill (December 14, 1917 – April 27, 2013) was an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death, he was one of oldest American Roman Catholic bishops.
O'Neill was born in East Dubuque, Illinois and was ordained a priest on March 27, 1943. Pope Paul VI appointed O'Neill bishop of the Rockford Diocese on August 19, 1968 and he was consecrated a bishop on October 11, 1968. O'Neill retired from the Rockford Diocese April 19, 1994.
O'Neill died on April 27, 2013 at the age of 95. 

</doc>
<doc id="19336649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336649" title="Geoff Sutcliffe">
Geoff Sutcliffe

Geoff Sutcliffe is a US-based computer scientist working in the field of automated reasoning.
He is of both British and Australian nationality.
He was born in the former British colony of Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia),
grew up in South Africa, and earned his Ph.D. in Australia. He works at the University of Miami.
He is the developer of the Thousands of Problems for Theorem Provers (TPTP) problem library, and of the TPTP language for formal specification of Automated theorem proving problems and solutions. Since 1996 he has been organizing the annual CADE ATP System Competition (CASC), associated with the Conference on Automated Deduction and International Joint Conference on Automated Reasoning. He has been a co-organizer of several Automated reasoning challenges, including The Modal Logic $100 Challenge, The MPTP $100 Challenges, and The SUMO $100 Challenges. Together with Stephan Schulz, Sutcliffe founded and has been organizing the ES* Workshop series, a venue for presentation and publishing of practically oriented Automated Reasoning research.

</doc>
<doc id="19336658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336658" title="Electricity sector in Guyana">
Electricity sector in Guyana

The electricity sector in Guyana is dominated by Guyana Power and Light (GPL), the state-owned vertically integrated utility. Although the country has a large potential for hydroelectric and bagasse-fueled power generation, most of its 226 MW of installed capacity correspond to inefficient thermoelectric diesel-engine driven generators.
Reliability or electricity supply is very low, linked both to technical and institutional deficiencies in the sector, with total losses close to 40% and commercial losses of about 30%. This low reliability has led most firms to install their own diesel generators, which in turn leads to higher than average electricity costs.
Electricity supply and demand.
Installed capacity and generation.
Installed power generation capacity in Guyana in 2007 was 226 MW or 0.4 kW per capita, which is lower than in other countries in the region and is hardly sufficient to cover the current demand for electricity in the country. Most electricity generation uses Diesel engines to drive generators. There are plans for introduction of power generation facilities based on renewable resources, but these would still account for only a small share (10 percent) of the generation capacity in the country.
Self-generation is widely spread in Guyana, where 100%, 82% and 37% of large, medium and small firms respectively own generators which supply them with 64%, 54% and 31% respectively of the total electricity consumed. A side effect of self-supply of energy is that the corporate demand for electricity in some regions of the country has decreased significantly. While private generation temporarily eases the pressures on the overall capacity for the sector, it also prevents the realization of economies of scale at a system level. Self-provision of energy appears more costly to companies (up to US$0.38 per KWh) than regional and even local tariffs (around US$0.22 and US$0.25 respectively on average).
In 2007, electricity supplied to the grid was 833 GWh, shared among generators as follows:
"Source": Guyana Energy Agency, Statistics
Supply vs demand.
While the consumption of electricity has increased substantially in the past few years, the installed generation and distribution capacity has increased at a lower pace. Obviously, self-generation has played an important role to fill the gap between consumption and generation of electricity. The low income in the country, high cost per kilowatt hour and low level of Guyana's rural electrification leads to use of kerosene, wood and charcoal still playing an important factor.
Access to electricity.
Access to electricity is usually constrained by a country’s level of income; however, in the case of Guyana, this indicator appears lower than what would seem justifiable on the basis of economic fundamentals. It is estimated that the electricity system in Guyana services only about 60 percent of the population, well below the level achieved by many regional peers. Similarly, while electrification is higher in coastal towns with a high industry concentration, there are vast areas of the country that appear underserved on this account. Even companies within regional access to the grid have to wait up to 99 days for connection.
For more information about energy in unserved areas in the Hinterland, see Hinterland energy in Guyana
Service quality.
Service interruptions.
Reliability of electricity supply is low, and characterized by frequent and long outages (the highest incidence in Latin America and the Caribbean), load discharges and voltage variations. Poor reliability has been linked to dependence on old and obsolete equipment for power generation, underinvestment in the distribution grid, and lack of incentives for efficient provision of service. The poor quality of electricity supply becomes a key obstacle to growth. For example, companies’ losses attributable to energy outages are estimated to reach up to four percent of their total sales on average. Since large firms can afford to invest on own power generation equipment, these losses are smaller for them than for small firms.
Distribution and transmission losses.
Losses at the distribution level account for almost 40 percent of the energy generated, well above the 13.5% weighted average for LAC. At a commercialization level, the utility has failed to enforce collection of bills, and to eradicate theft and corruption in under billing of the service.
In 2006, non-technical losses were divided as follows:
"Source": Guyana Power & Light
The objective of Guyana Power and Light (GPL) is to reduce total losses to 15.4% by the year 2010, 10.3% on the technical front plus 5.1% commercial.
Responsibilities in the electricity sector.
Policy and regulation.
The legal, regulatory and institutional framework for the electricity sector includes:
Office of the Prime Minister (OPM): has principal policy-making and regulatory responsibility in the sector, including for granting licences to the public utilities and independent power producers and approval of development and expansion plans and of operating standards and performance targets for Guyana Power & Light (GPL), the principal supplier.
Guyana Energy Agency (GEA): is the successor of the Guyana National Energy Authority (GEA). The GEA came into operation on 1 June 1998 by appointment of the Minister; it is responsible for all energy related matters. It is the mandate of the GEA "To ensure the rational and efficient use of imported petroleum-based energy sources, while encouraging, where economically feasible and environmentally acceptable, increased utilization of indigenous new and renewable sources of energy."
Public Utilities Commission (PUC): is the multi-sector independent regulatory agency with authority to set rates, develop regulations and resolve disputes.
Generation, transmission and distribution.
Guyana Power & Light (GPL) dominates the electricity sector in Guyana. GLP is a vertically integrated government-owned utility with a monopolistic position on transmission and distribution, and a major stake (55%) in generation. The fragile financial position of GPL (due mainly to heavy system losses and high exposure to oil prices) constrains its investment capacity on essential maintenance and improvement of generation plants and transmission lines and grid. GPL faces financial difficulties due to a combination of net operating losses (i.e. tariffs below costs) and high commercial losses.
Sector policy.
The “Energy Policy of Guyana,” completed in 1994, advocates the replacement of imported petroleum, as far as possible, by indigenous renewable energy sources. Increased and more efficient use of domestic energy resources, primarily hydropower and bagasse for electricity generation, is envisaged to contribute significantly in this regard. More recently, the System Development Plan prepared by GPL (Guyana Power and Light) in 2000 and its 2007-2011 Development and Expansion Programme (D&E) reflect the official government policy of utilizing Guyana’s renewable energy resources such as biomass and hydropower.
Meanwhile, the sector policy has also relied on the encouragement of private sector participation in building a healthy market-oriented economy. The policy envisaged that Independent Power Producers (IPPs), which are investor-owned enterprises involved in power generation, will be encouraged. Additional policies are certainly needed to strengthen the energy sector.
Expansion plans.
The short to medium term generation plans included the use of renewable resources, including 4MW from a Wind Farm and 10MW from a Bagasse co-generation facility. These together with some 35MW of heavy fuel oil fired capacity would provide a total of 49MW of firm capacity during the five-year (2007–2011) programme. According to GPL's annual report 2006, the inability to conclude Power Purchase Agreements for the Wind Farm and 35MW of heavy fuel oil-fired capacity meant that the entire generation plan had to be rolled forward into the 2007–2011 Development & Expansion Programme.
Renewable energy.
Hydroelectricity.
Guyana has a massive but yet unrealized potential for hydropower generation. Hydropower generation capacity has been estimated at 7,600 MW, that is, more than 30 times the current installed capacity in the country. Feasibility studies have been carried out for specific projects, but up to now, this potential remains untapped, mainly due to the considerable capital investments required to set up new power facilities. Indeed, beside the actual investment in generation plants, transmission lines would also be required, as most of the generation potential is inland, far from the zones of heaviest demand along the coast.
Continued steep increases in the price of fuel influenced a Government decision to accelerate the development of hydropower. Consequently, negotiations for the 100MW Amaila Falls Hydroelectric Project on the Kuribrong River moved forward with the aim to bring it to fruition in the year 2011.
Bagasse.
Guyana has opportunities for electricity generation based on renewable resources linked to its large sugar industry. Electricity can be generated using bagasse, a by-product of sugar production, as basic fuel for thermoelectric facilities. Bagasse generation benefits from lower and more stable cost of than oil-based generation, as well as lower carbon emissions. A major bagasse co-generation project was implemented in 2006 by the Guyana Sugar Corporation (Guysuco). This project expanded power generation capacity by a further 25 MW (15 MW bagasse-based and 10 MW diesel-based) through an investment of US$27 million in a bagasse co-generation scheme. One third of the new capacity was allocated to the local grid through a power purchase agreement.
Because of its climate, Guyana has a large potential for sugarcane crops, as well as a large sugar industry that could benefit from additional revenue opportunities such as energy generation. Even though it may not be feasible to meet Guyana’s power demand with bagasse-based facilities, they can help to reduce the reliance of the sector on imported oil, while having a positive environmental impact through reduced carbon emissions. However, an important constraint to Guyana’s bagasse-based generation potential is the lack of year-round supply of bagasse, which means that a substantial investment in storage and hauling would be required.
Wind.
The potential for wind-based generation is considered to be significant, although no comprehensive studies have been carried out. The Guyana Energy Agency reported a pilot project for a wind turbine in Guyana’s east coast. This is a small project with expected energy savings of around US$30,000, and a payback period of 40 months. However, no major projects are being put in place. Other Caribbean countries such as Barbados and St. Lucia have promoted the use of such renewable energy sources through initiatives that include the removal of taxes and import tariffs on wind-farm equipment.
History of the electricity sector.
Guyana Power & Light (GPL) was originally named the Guyana Electricity Corporation, wholly owned by the Government of Guyana. In late 1999, a 50/50 equity partnership was established between the Government of Guyana and a consortium comprising the Commonwealth Development Corporation (CDC) of the United Kingdom, and the Electricity Supply Board International (ESBI) of Ireland which created the new Company, GPL. This partnership was dissolved in 2003 and GPL reverted to 100 percent ownership by the Government of Guyana.
The failure of GPL to significantly cut back its technical and commercial losses has been deemed to be largely due to the lack of incentives for efficiency due to its ownership structure. Accordingly, its privatization was expected to generate commercial incentives to improve efficiency, while also enhancing private funding to develop the system. However the privatized venture failed to deliver the results expected and, after a few years returned to Government ownership. A future re-privatization of GPL is unlikely to occur before the regulatory and institutional framework of the sector is improved.
Tariffs and subsidies.
Tariffs.
Electricity prices in Guyana are the third highest in the Caribbean due in large part to the country’s reliance on expensive imported oil for electricity generation. At present the cost of fuel accounts for up to 60 percent of the total cost of electricity generation. Recent oil price hikes are passed on to consumers, as logically part of such increases in production inputs would be reflected in the price that consumers have to pay.
An announced tariff reform will aim to rebalance the loads between industrial and domestic use through an increase in the domestic tariff, and a reduction of the industrial tariff. The new tariff structure will be implemented within a timeframe of 4 to 5 years after its approval by the Prime Minister.
Tariffs effective February 2008 are:
Subsidies.
n/a
Investment and financing.
Reduction of Guyana’s reliance on imported oil and the improvement of energy efficiency will require large investments that will impact on the fiscal stability of the country. The World Bank estimates that an increase in electricity intensity in Guyana at a level comparable with peer Caribbean countries would require investments over the next 10 years of between US$805 million and US$1,497 million (or between 10 and 19 percent of its GDP). However, under the current ownership structure of the system, this level of investment would pose a significant burden on the Government of Guyana, and would create considerable debt sustainability concerns.
Installed capacity is expected to increase by 62.5 MW in the period 2007-2009, as part of a US$120 million plan for future development managed by GPL. This plan also aims to address issues of distribution (through the construction of transmission lines and enhancement of the network) and efficiency.
Private sector participation in the electricity sector.
Independent Power Producers (IPPs) own and operate 45 percent of the installed generation capacity, which is thermoelectric. The table below shows the generation share of GPL and IPPs:
"Source": World Bank, 2007
(1) In 2005-2007, only GPL, GSC, BERMINE and AMC have sold electricity to the grid.
IPPs are mainly large corporate firms that generate power for their own needs and sell excess capacity to the national grid. In the last few years, there have been formal efforts to enhance the relationships between IPPs and GPL; these include co-generation projects, plans for Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), and explicit interest government interest in renewable energy projects. The expectations for capacity growth are reliant on the participation of these independent producers.
A significant enhancement of the regulatory framework will be required in order to ensure the viability of GPL as a potential private venture, and to encourage further private investment. While private participation is desirable, it may also not lead to significant improvements when regulatory capacity is weak and enforcement of contracts is insecure, as is the case in Guyana.
Summary of private sector participation.
The electricity sector in Guyana is dominated by Guyana Power and Light (GPL), a vertically integrated government-owned utility with a monopolistic position on transmission and distribution, and a major stake in generation.
Electricity and the environment.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is the institution in charge of environmental issues in Guyana, focusing on effective environmental management and protection and the sustainable use of Guyana’s natural resources.
Guyana emitted 1.58 millions tons of in 2005, which corresponds to 2.07 t per capita annually.
Currently (September 2008), there in one CDM registered project in the electricity sector in Guyana, the Skeldon Bagasse Cogeneration Project. Average emission reductions for this project have been estimated at 44,733 te.
External assistance.
Inter-American Development Bank.
The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) is supporting several projects in the electricity sector:
The IDB is also providing technical assistance for:

</doc>
<doc id="19336673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336673" title="Info URI scheme">
Info URI scheme

In computer science, info: is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) scheme for information assets with identifiers in public namespaces that allows legacy namespaces such as Library of Congress Identifiers and Digital object identifiers to be represented as URIs. It acts as a bridging mechanism for older information identifiers to be used in the more generalised and standard URI allocation.
Specifications.
Syntactical specifications.
The URI specifications defined by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) separates the info URI scheme’s syntax into two sections: part A, which contains syntactical elements specific to the info scheme, and part B, which follows standard URI definitions. The important info scheme‐specific Part A uses the following URI components:
Other specifications.
The info URI scheme supports hierarchical processing with a forward slash character ‘/’ (also commonly seen in Uniform Resource Locators), although the character should not be treated as a strict hierarchical delimiter. Its scheme-specific part is an auto-identifier, which is constructed by appending an “identifier” component to a “namespace” component separated by a forward slash.
Namespace authority and the “info” registry.
To handle info URI maintenance, the IETF established an “info” URI scheme metadata registry. In addition to handling “info” URI maintenance, the organisation allows information assets to benefit from the “info” registry without placing the burden of independent URI registration on the Namespace Authority, which is tasked with general URI management. The Namespace Authority provides that information assets identified within a registered namespace “will be added or deleted according to the business processes of the Namespace Authority”. However, it permits network applications to otherwise use “info” URIs in a standard and open way.

</doc>
<doc id="19336676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336676" title="Tiznow Handicap">
Tiznow Handicap

The Tiznow Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race at Louisiana Downs in Bossier City, Louisiana whose inaugural running took place on September 20, 2008. Contested on dirt over a distance of 8.5 furlongs (1 1/16 miles), it is open to horses age three and older.
Part of the Breeders' Cup Challenge series, the winner of the 2008 Tiznow Handicap automatically qualified for the Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile. 
Records.
Speed record:

</doc>
<doc id="19336709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336709" title="Ed Sperber">
Ed Sperber

Edwin George Sperber (January 21, 1895 – January 5, 1976) was a professional American baseball player. He played for the Boston Braves for parts of two seasons in 1924 and 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19336734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336734" title="Eddy Campbell">
Eddy Campbell

Eddy Campbell is a Canadian mathematician, university professor, and university administrator. He currently serves as the president of the University of New Brunswick.
H. E. A. (Eddy) Campbell earned two degrees in mathematics from Memorial University of Newfoundland, and completed his doctorate at the University of Toronto. He did post-doctoral work at the University of Western Ontario. In 1983, he joined the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, eventually rising to head of that department. His main research interest is the invariant theory of finite groups. Campbell then served as Associate Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Science at Queen's. He served as president of the Canadian Mathematical Society from 2004 to 2006. 
Campbell returned to his original alma mater in May 2004, to become a vice-president of Academic Programs at Memorial. Upon the resignation of President Alex Meisen, he then stepped into the role of acting president and vice-chancellor on January 1, 2008. 
Campbell applied for the permanent position with wide support within the MUN community, and was shortlisted by the Search Committee. However, in late July 2008, Minister of Education Joan Burke, who was not part of the selection process, stated after an interview with two shortlisted candidates that neither was acceptable to her. This was widely criticized as political interference in the autonomy of the University. Campbell immediately withdrew his name from consideration, and the Chair of Memorial's Board of Trustees, Gil Dalton, also withdrew as leader of the search committee in September 2008. Campbell remained in his position until September 2009, when he accepted the position of President of the University of New Brunswick. Campbell is the first President in UNB's 225-plus year history who has presided over a strike/lockout of faculty, instructors, and librarians. 

</doc>
<doc id="19336745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336745" title="Jagdstaffel 2">
Jagdstaffel 2

Jasta 2 (known as "Jasta Boelcke") was one of the best-known German Luftstreitkräfte Squadrons in World War I. Its first commanding officer was the great aerial tactician Oswald Boelcke, and it was the incubator of several notable aviation careers.
Formation.
As one of the very first "Jastas", Jasta 2 had no parent unit and there was therefore no mass transfer of personnel from existing "staffeln". Assigned to the German 1st Army, the unit was created with the intention that Hauptmann Oswald Boelcke would be its leader. Jasta 2 was formed on 10 August 1916 at Bertincourt. Boelcke was ordered to return from an inspection tour of south-eastern theatres of the War to take command and arrived back on the Western Front later that month.
After Max Immelmann's death, Kaiser Wilhelm II had ordered Boelcke grounded for a month to avoid losing him in combat soon after Immelman. He had become such an important hero to the German public, as well as such an authority on aerial warfare, that he could not be risked. Given a choice between a desk job and a tour of the Middle East, Boelcke downed a Nieuport over Douaumont on 27 June and reported to headquarters. Boelcke was detailed to share his expertise with the head of German military aviation. The German air force was being reorganized into the "Luftstreitkräfte" in mid-1916; this reorganization was inspired by Boelcke. At this time, Boelcke codified his Dicta. He also shared his views on creation of a fighter arm, and the organization of fighter squadrons. 
Boelcke was sent on a tour of the Balkans. He transited Austria to visit Turkey. Upon his return swing, he visited Bulgaria and the Russian Front. Boelcke would be visiting Wilhelm in Kovel when he received a telegram from the head of German aviation, Feldflugchef (Aviation Chief of Staff) Oberstleutnant Hermann von der Lieth-Thomsen, appointing him to raise, organize and command Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 2. He was given permission to choose his own pilots to form a fighter squadron. Among his first selections upon his return were Manfred von Richthofen, Erwin Böhme and Hans Reimann.
Principal Operational Activities.
1916.
Boelcke was appointed commander of Jasta 2 on 30 August 1916. The unit utilised the empty buildings vacated by FFA 32 in the Vélu Woods. As of 27 August the fledgling Jasta had three officers and 64 other ranks on strength, but no aircraft. 
The first aircraft arrived on 1 September; two Fokker DIIIs and an Albatros D.I. By 8 September there were eight pilots on strength, including Manfred von Richthofen and Erwin Böhme. Three days later, Böhme noted he was pushing for permission to use his castoff Halberstadt, since Boelcke had a Fokker; there seemed to be four airplanes in the squadron by then. On 16 September, Boelcke's new squadron received five new Albatros D.Is for the pilots, and an improved Albatros D.II for the Staffelfuhrer. Boelcke promptly put the new planes in the air on the first-ever fighter unit effort to gain local air superiority. At 1300 hours 16 September, Boelcke and five of his pilots took off; they intercepted a British bombing raid on Marcoing Railway Station. While Boelcke held aside, his five tyros bounced a British formation of 14 planes, broke it up, and shot down two. The master himself added another. That night, a German army tradition was ditched and a new German air force custom established when the enlisted men were invited into the Jasta's social center.
Boelcke shot down ten Royal Flying Corps planes in his first month with Jasta 2, September 1916. He would fly a solo mission in the morning and return to his "cubs" for afternoon training. However, in contrast to his freebooting style, his pilots always flew in disciplined formations in practice, and he repeatedly drilled them in his tactics. Among them were his famed combat rules, called "Boelcke's "Dicta"", which were the first systematic analysis of air combat and continued to be applicable through World War II. Boelcke's attitude is best expressed in his own words: "Everything depends on sticking together when the Staffel goes into battle. It does not matter who actually scores the victory as long as the Staffel wins." He not only preached this doctrine to his own "cubs"; he proselytized throughout the "Luftstreitkräfte". He wrote upon his ideas, sketched them out, and delivered them in person to other aerodromes. Thus, Jasta 2 became the birthplace of fighter aviation tactics.
Boelcke was killed on 28 October 1916. Oblt. Stefan Kirmaier, who had 10 victories of his own, was appointed leadership in his place. Kirmaier's command was to be short-lived; on 22 November, he lost his life after a fight with fliers from No. 24 Squadron. Hpt. Franz Walz arrived from Jasta 29 a week later. Jasta 2 was renamed "Jasta Boelcke" on 17 December in honor of their former commander.
1917.
The unit's 100th claim was during February 1917, and the Jasta then moved to Eswars on 14 March, before arriving at Pronville soon after. Walz left for Jasta 34 in June 1917 and the new commander was Lt. Fritz Otto Bernert from Jasta 6.
1918.
Jasta 2 became part of the new "Jagdgeschwader 3" in February 1918, under the command of Bruno Loerzer. 
Jagdstaffel 2 became the second highest scoring fighter unit (behind Jasta 11); it would end the war with 25 aces among its ex- and current members, a total of 336 victories and a casualty list of only 44; 31 killed, 9 wounded, 2 prisoners of war, and 2 killed in accidents. 
Jasta 2 markings were usually black and white tailplanes and elevators (top and bottom)—one side black, one side white.
Notable personnel.
25 aces served with Jasta 2 at some time or other. Apart from the "Staffelführern" listed above, these include the following notables: 

</doc>
<doc id="19336753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336753" title="Cathedral of Quito">
Cathedral of Quito

The Metropolitan Cathedral of Quito (), known simply as la Catedral, is the Catholic cathedral in Quito, Ecuador. Located on the southwestern side of the Plaza de la Independencia (La Plaza Grande), it (and its predecessor building) served as a seat of the Diocese of Quito from 1545 until 1848 when it was elevated to Archdiocese. In 1995, it was elevated to the Cathedral of Ecuador, making it the seniormost Catholic church in the country. 
Description.
The Cathedral is a striking white-painted monumental church with a single high belltower offset to the right of the main entrance. Built on a plan comprising three longitudinal naves surmounted by semi-ogival arches on square pillars, the basic spatial structure of the Cathedral is typical of the 16th century. Based upon interior features — especially the details of the pillars, arches, and the carved and coffered ceiling — some experts assert that the Cathedral should be characterized as Gothic-Mudéjar in style. It certainly has Gothic features in the pointed arches of its naves, as well as in the ambulatory that surrounds the presbytery. 
Exterior.
In a deviation from Spanish convention, the Cathedral actually has two main entrances: one at mid-nave that faces the Plaza and the other, with the belltower, at the northwest facade facing Calle Garcia Moreno. The axis has a southeast-northwest orientation due to the local topography: 16th century ravines prevented the main facade from facing the plaza, as is customary. The elaborate arched side-entrance and its semi-circular staircase facing the Plaza were an early 19th century addition. Known as the Carondelet Arch, this portal is the main interface between Cathedral and square. The relationship is also underlined by a longitudinal stone parapet running the length of the building on that side (and decorated with spheres, pyramids, etc.) which preserves the difference in level between the Cathedral floor and that of the Plaza. Three attractive domes dressed in glazed green ceramic rise atop the transept, the high altar, and the Carondelet Arch. The transept dome is itself surmounted by an iron rooster weather vane, subject of several local legends. (These neo-classical domes, along with the neo-classical balastrade sculptures, various arches, Ionic pilasters, and the semi-circular Plaza staircase are modernizing 19th century additions.) 
Plaques on the exterior walls of the Cathedral commemorate the fourth centenary (1934) of the founding of the city: first, the site is celebrated as the launching point of the Amazon expedition of Francisco de Orellana (1511-1546). ("It is the glory of Quito to have discovered the great River of the Amazons.") The next five name the five founders of the city. Then: "Quito, Patrimony of Humankind". Finally, "Cathedral, Main church construction, 16th century (1545-1572); Restoration, 17th-18th & 20th centuries".
Interior.
Inside, the three naves are supported by pointed arches, which in turn are supported by pillars with square bases. The central nave has cedar panelling betraying Moorish influences. An extraordinary wooden coffered ceiling is supported by a golden frieze and beautiful paintings hang among the arches. The right nave opens into several chapels along the wall, each surmounted by domes with skylights. The chapels, in order, are: All Souls; Calvary; The Denial of Peter; Saint Peter, First Pope of the Church; The Sacred Family. Here also is a large wooden carved door, in a semi-circular arch, leading to "La Iglesia de El Sagrario" of the Sanctuary, a 17th-century chapel attached to the main building which is usually locked. ("El Sagrario" is accessed from outside the Cathedral.) 
Works by artists of the Quito School of Art, based in the nearby Church and Convent of St. Francis, adorn the interior of the Cathedral. The side reredos, covered with goldleaf, were carved by the early masters of that school and in their niches are placed images of saints and martyrs. The large painting of the "Assumption of the Virgin", located in the upper choir, is the work of Manuel de Samaniego (1767-1824). The altarpiece of the Chapel of All Souls has the notable sculptural group known as "The Denial of St. Peter", attributed to Father Carlos. Other notable Cathedral artworks include the "Altarpiece (Retablo) of Santa Ana" (comprising images of Saint Joaquín, Saint Joseph, and Saint Ann and dating to the 18th century); Bernardo Rodríguez’s "Cure of the Lame by Saint Peter"; the 1734 sculpture "Inmaculada" of Bernardo de Legarda (the replica of which watches over Quito from the top of El Panecillo); also, the "Adoration of the Three Magi" and the "Cure of the Crippled" (a mural).
The high altar, said to be entirely of gold, shows both Baroque and Moorish patterns.
History.
Background.
Soon after the founding of the city of San Francisco de Quito (6 December 1534), the entire southern side of the future "Plaza Grande" was given over to the Church. The first temporary building, raised in the same year by Father Juan Rodriguez — first pastor of the fledgling town — was of adobe with wood frame and thatch roof. With the establishment of a parish of Quito (January 1545), a Bishop — García Díaz Arias — was named and reached the city on April 13 of the following year, along with Vicar General Pedro Rodríguez de Aguayo and plans to build a more eminent edifice. 
Construction.
From 1562 to 1565, the building rose from its limestone foundations under the leadership of now Archdeacon Rodríguez de Aguayo, who served as acting bishop — Diaz Arias having died. The architect was Antonio García. Construction was of stone and the "minga" system (a local traditional practice of communal hauling, carving, and masonry) was utilized. Turning its flank broadside to the Plaza, the Church helped define its size and shape. The anomaly of the main entrance not fronting onto the Plaza is explained by the presence of a deep gorge ("la quebrada de Sanguña" or "Zanguña") present at the time of construction, which precluded extending the building backwards (toward the southwest). (The site, adjacent to the ravine, had been selected for defensive purposes. The ravine was itself overtopped by the "Iglesia de El Sagrario" in the 17th century.) The Cathedral was consecrated by the second bishop of Quito — Fray Pedro de la Peña — in 1572.
17th century.
After the eruption of Mount Pichincha, a local volcano which struck Quito in 1660, the damaged Cathedral was rebuilt by order of Bishop Alonso de la Peña Montenegro. Much of its internal decor was reworked and it is from this period that Miguel de Santiago's painting of the Virgin Mary ("Dormition of the Virgin"), formerly in the main choir reredos, is dated. At this time the building was also lengthened toward the west, the aisles were connected behind the choir, and an opening made for a side doorway to the square. The sacristy was also extended and the separate chapter house (known as "La Iglesia de El Sagrario") was built.
18th century.
A second reconstruction came in 1755 owing to an earthquake that struck the city in that year, although the work was relatively minor as the damage had not been significant. A more significant earthquake struck in 1797 at which time major changes were made to the interior decoration including a new choir. According to tradition, the artist known as Caspicara (Manuel Chili) participated in this and incorporated paintings of his teachers Manuel de Samaniego and Bernardo Rodríguez, removing from the choir de Santiago’s great 17th century canvas "Dormition" and replacing it with Samaniego's "El Tránsito de la Virgen". The present gilt wooden pulpit was re-surfaced at this time.
19th century.
The Cathedral was enhanced in 1806-07, during the administration of the 20th President of the Real Audiencia Baron Héctor de Carondelet, by the addition of the Carondelet Arch, a work of Spanish military engineer Antonio García. The early 19th century also saw the replacement of the original 16th-century Mudejar-style coffered ceiling with a copy. (This was itself replaced by another copy in the mid-20th century.) Earthquakes again damaged the building in 1858 and '59, this time destroying a large part of the belltower. (It ended up not being rebuilt until 1930 and then in a different style and context — the so-called "Prussian helmet" of German architect and priest Pedro Bruning.)
The catacombs of the Cathedral have served as a resting place for many important figures in Ecuador's history, such as independence leader Antonio José de Sucre (1795–1830), who is laid to rest in his own Mausoleum Chapel. On 13 January 1848 the Diocese of Quito was elevated to an archdiocese.
The small altar of "Nuestra Señora de los Dolores" (English: "Our Lady of Sorrows") has a plaque showing where President Gabriel García Moreno was shot in 1875. The murder of the Bishop of Quito, José Ignacio Checa y Barba, took place here during the mass of Good Friday, 30 March 1877, when he was poisoned with strychnine dissolved in the consecrated wine. The Cathedral is also the burial place of several other presidents of the Republic, as well as of bishops and priests who died in the diocese.
20th century.
Along with the early 19th century coffered ceilings, the transverse arches of the side naves were replaced in the mid-20th century. (The latter largely destroyed a curious mural painting which perhaps dated from the 17th century.) The tall "campanario" (belfry) was finally restored and received its peculiar "cap" in 1930. In the wake of a 1987 earthquake, the municipality of Quito has structurally restored the deep foundations of the Cathedral with micropile technology. In 1995 the Cathedral of Quito was elevated to the Cathedral of Ecuador, making it the seniormost Catholic church in the country. Restorations of the artium and the parapet were undertaken in 1997 and 1999 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19336758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336758" title="The Berkeley Sessions">
The Berkeley Sessions

The Berkeley Sessions is a six-episode HD Canadian television music program produced by Original Spin Media and broadcast on Bravo!. The Berkeley Sessions was initially created with an eye and ear toward original music, featuring artists that create innovative new sounds in everything from alt-country and blues to jazz, pop, folk and rock n' roll.
The series is taped in front of a live audience at The Berkeley Church in Toronto, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19336771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336771" title="Burn of Myrehouse">
Burn of Myrehouse

The Burn of Myrehouse is a coastal stream in Aberdeenshire in northeast Scotland discharging to Banff Bay. This watercourse has been suggested as an associated feature to the prehistoric feature at nearby Longman Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19336827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336827" title="List of Kansas City Chiefs starting quarterbacks">
List of Kansas City Chiefs starting quarterbacks

The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City, Missouri. The Chiefs are a member of the Western Division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League (NFL). Originally named the Dallas Texans, the club was founded by Lamar Hunt in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League. In 1963, the team moved to Kansas City, Missouri and were renamed the Kansas City Chiefs.
The Chiefs have had 33 starting quarterbacks in their franchise's history. Cotton Davidson was the team's first starting quarterback; he played all 14 games for the Texans in their inaugural 1960 season. Davidson played with the franchise from 1960 to 1962, and was traded in 1963 to the Oakland Raiders. Len Dawson signed with on July 2, 1962 and played for the franchise for 14 seasons. With Dawson as the team's starter, the Texans/Chiefs won three American Football League championships and appeared in two Super Bowl championship games. Dawson was named Most Valuable Player after the Chiefs' victory in Super Bowl IV and retired in 1975 with several franchise records. Three future Pro Football Hall of Fame enshrinees played for Kansas City: Dawson, Joe Montana, and Warren Moon. In the 2008 season, the Chiefs started three quarterbacks: Brodie Croyle, Damon Huard, and Tyler Thigpen. After Croyle and Huard were sidelined by injuries, Thigpen played in eleven games, winning one and losing ten. In 2009 and 2010, Matt Cassel started 15 of 16 games each season, while Croyle started the other 2 games.
Starting quarterbacks by season.
The number of games started in the season by each player is listed in small parentheses. Statistics do not include post-season starts.
Most Touchdowns.
These quarterbacks have the most touchdowns in the Chiefs history.

</doc>
<doc id="19336849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336849" title="John Cottesmore">
John Cottesmore

His Worship John Cottesmore SL JP (died 29 August 1439) was a British justice of unknown origin. The first record of his work was in Oxfordshire in 1403, the location of much of his early legal work. In 1418 he was appointed to a Commission of the Peace for Oxford; by this point he was a Serjeant-at-law. In 1420 he was appointed to Commissions of the Peace for Cambridge and Cambridgeshire, as well as ones in East Anglia and the Midlands. At this point he also became an Assize justice, and in 1423 was created a King's Serjeant; in 1425 he was one of the King's Serjeants summoned to Parliament. On 15 October 1429 he was appointed as a justice for the Court of Common Pleas, which led to an increase in commissions and appointments; in 1437, for example, he was sent to Norwich with Marmaduke Lumley to oversee the mayoral elections, which, it was feared, would cause civil disturbances. On 20 January 1439 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, but served only briefly; he died on 29 August the same year. 

</doc>
<doc id="19336899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336899" title="Banff Bay">
Banff Bay

Banff Bay is a coastal embayment in Scotland situated between the towns of Banff, Aberdeenshire and Macduff, Aberdeenshire. The Burn of Myrehouse is one of the streams draining to Banff Bay. Banff Bay is a prominent geographical feature along the northern coast of Aberdeenshire, and it is visible from a number of locations along the coastal plain such as Longman Hill situated somewhat distant to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="19336921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336921" title="Adolf von Bonin">
Adolf von Bonin

Albert Ferdinand Adolf Karl Friedrich von Bonin (November 11, 1803, Heeren, Altmark; April 16, 1872, Berlin) was a Corps commander of the Prussian Army at the Battle of Trautenau in 1866, and a colleague of Karl Friedrich von Steinmetz.

</doc>
<doc id="19336932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336932" title="The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith">
The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith

The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith is a novel by the Australian writer Peter Carey. It was first published by the University of Queensland Press in Australia and Faber & Faber in the United Kingdom in 1994. Subsequent editions and translations have appeared in the United States, France, Germany, and elsewhere.
Premise.
The principal character and narrator is a boy (in later sections a young man), Tristan Smith, who has been born with malformations to his face and limbs so extensive that the physicians who perform the delivery recommend that he be given no care. His mother, an unmarried actress named Felicity Smith, rejects the doctors' advice and takes the infant home. 
Tristan is largely raised on the premises of the Feu Follet, an avant garde theatre collective of which his mother is the guiding force. His presumptive father is Bill Millefleur, an actor in the troupe and Felicity's lover, but two other men also exercise paternal roles in his life to an extent. One is Vincent Theroux, a manufacturer and politician, who has also been Felicity's lover; the other is Wally Paccione, an ex-convict who is the production manager of the Feu Follet. 
Tristan can not walk normally and his speech is hard for others to understand, but in spite of his physical limitations, he discovers a vocation as a performer.
Setting of the novel.
The first of the novel's two sections takes place in Efica, an invented country occupying an archipelago in the Southern Hemisphere. Tristan is born in Chemin Rouge, Efica's capital, and visits other parts of the country during the Feu Follet's annual regional tours. His mother, however, is not a native Efican, having been born and raised in a distant and more powerful fictional nation, Voorstand. The second half of the novel follows Tristan's travels in Voorstand.
Like Peter Carey's native Australia, Efica was originally founded, at least in part, as a penal settlement. It has its own calendar (Tristan is born in the year 371 EC), which begins with the archipelago's first discovery by one Captain Girard. Though Eficans speak English, their vocabulary retains an admixture of French slang, a legacy from French dyers who came to Efica in its early years. The country's principal products are dyestuffs, a fact memorialized in the nicknames of the two major political parties, the Reds and the Blues. Felicity Smith, Vincent Theroux, and the members of the Feu Follet are all supporters of the Efican Democratic Party, as the Blue party is formally known. The Reds favor Efica's unequal alliance with Voorstand, as a result of which a network of Efican caves has been threaded with cable in order to create a giant antenna used to communicate with submarines. The Blues are firmly opposed to the alliance.
Voorstand is also largely English-speaking, but a substantial portion of its vocabulary is derived from Dutch. It occupies the bulk of a continent several thousand miles across, the fringes of which are occupied by three poorer nations, Zeelung, Morea, and the Republic of Bouke. Voorstand has its own national mythology, centered on several Disneyish animal characters, notably Bruder Mouse ("Brother Mouse") and Oncle Duck ("Uncle Duck"), in addition to a human national saint originally named Meneer Van Kraligan. According to a legend recorded in "Tales of Bruder Mouse", Van Kraligan had raised Oncle Duck and was about to eat him when Bruder Mouse appeared and performed a comic routine of acrobatics. As Van Kraligan runs off to fetch the neighborhood children to witness the sight, Oncle Duck and Bruder Mouse escape. That and similar legends are the origin of both the Voorstand "Sirkus" (an elaborate—and not infrequently fatal—multimedia extravaganza) and the Voorstanders' religious taboo against exploiting animals in circus performances.
The US edition, published by Alfred A. Knopf, inc. in 1995, includes maps of both Efica and Voorstand.
Themes and notes.
The political and cultural dynamics of the relationship between Voorstand and Efica recall the relationship between the United States and third-world or peripheral countries. Some elements of Voorstand's history and culture are also reminiscent of the Boers. 
Almost the entire novel takes place within the worlds of the theatre or of the circus. Tristan's short stature and deformities place him in an equivocal position as both a serious actor (and devotee of Stanislavski) and as a circus "freak."
Tristan Smith's initials and first name suggest the hero of Laurence Sterne's "Tristram Shandy."
A group of islands in the southern portion of Efica bear the name of "the Madeleines," apparently because their shape resembles the French cakes of that name.

</doc>
<doc id="19336961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336961" title="El Foro">
El Foro

El Foro is a 3,000-seat venue for concerts in the city of Tijuana, Mexico. A few years ago, this venue was used in Tijuana as a fronton/jai alai venue. In 2002 was closed by the local government, and was totally reconstructed. It was reopened in 2003. Since then, artists like Julieta Venegas, Facundo Cabral, Luis Miguel and Cafe Tacvba had perform here.

</doc>
<doc id="19336982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336982" title="2008 British Hill Climb Championship season">
2008 British Hill Climb Championship season

The 2008 Nicholson McLaren Engines British Hill Climb Championship season was the 62nd British Hill Climb Championship (BHCC) season. It was the last year in which Nicholson McLaren sponsored the championship, as MCL Motorhomes took over the championship sponsorship for 2009. The series was contested over 34 rounds, with the drivers' 28 best results counting for the championship. Scott Moran ended Martin Groves' dominance of the championship, by claiming the championship during round 27 at Gurston Down.

</doc>
<doc id="19336983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336983" title="Gary Clark (musician)">
Gary Clark (musician)

Gary Clark (born 10 March 1962, Dundee, Scotland) is a Scottish musician who formed a band with his brother Kit Clark, and long-time friend, Ged Grimes in 1984, initially under the name of Spencer Tracy. After objections from the estate of Spencer Tracy they changed their name to Danny Wilson, as taken from the 1952 Frank Sinatra film, "Meet Danny Wilson".
Initially spotted busking around Dundee, they signed to Virgin Records in 1986. The following year saw the release of the band's first album "Meet Danny Wilson". The first single, "Mary's Prayer", written by Clark, was a worldwide hit, reaching number 3 in the UK, and #23 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 chart, earning him a BMI award, and a nomination for an Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. The song was later featured in the Farrelly Brothers movie "There's Something About Mary". A second album "Bebop Moptop" was released in 1989, including hit single "Second Summer of Love" which reached number 23 in the UK Singles Chart. The band split in 1991.
Following the break-up of Danny Wilson, Clark embarked on a solo career, he released a single "You Can't Turn Around Me" on Seven Records under the name of Eleven in 1991, and he released his solo album "Ten Short Songs About Love" on Circa Records in 1993. In 1995, he released an album "A Great Day For Gravity" on Virgin Records under the name of King L, followed by a release in 1998 on Interscope Records/Virgin Records with Eric Pressly and Keely Hawkes under the name of Transister. Their music was used extensively on films such as "Nightwatch", "Jawbreaker", "Wild Things" and "Charlie's Angels". Around this time, Clark was increasingly working as a songwriter and record producer, he co-wrote and produced much of Lauren Christy's album "Breed", the title track of which was a hit on the Billboard Alternative chart, and left Transister to devote more time to this.
His collaboration with Natalie Imbruglia began when he and Eric Pressly re-mixed the single "Wishing I Was There" from her "Left of the Middle" album. He co-wrote and produced 8 tracks on her subsequent album, "White Lilies Island", and has contributed songs to all of her albums after that - "Counting Down The Days", "", and "Come To Life".
Clark has worked with numerous artists and writers, including Natalie Imbruglia, Lloyd Cole, Liz Phair, Skin (Skunk Anansie), Melanie C, Emma Bunton, Cathy Dennis, Ashley Parker Angel, Nick Carter, Skye Edwards (Morcheeba), Lauren Christy, Julia Fordham, Shannon Noll, Mark Owen (Take That), Eddi Reader, The Veronicas, David McAlmont, Delta Goodrem, Ferras, Clique Girlz, McFly, Demi Lovato, Alex Hepburn, Kim Cesarion, Lawson (band), The Wanted, Gin Wigmore and Reece Mastin.
In 2007, Clark moved from London to the United States. Clark co-wrote and co-produced the Ferras record "Aliens And Rainbows" with The Matrix for Capitol Records, tracks for Clique Girlz and British Band McFly. He produced and co-wrote the song "Got Dynamite" for Demi Lovato on her #1 album "Here We Go Again".
In 2012, he co-wrote and produced 10 songs on Delta Goodrem's "Child of the Universe", including the single "Wish You Were Here", which reached No. 2 on the ARIA charts. 
In 2013, Clark co-wrote and produced Alex Hepburn's international hit single "Under", he co-wrote and co-produced Kim Cesarion's album, including the hit single "Undressed", which is currently 4 x platinum certification in Scandinavia, he co-wrote the song "Back To Life" on Lawson (band)'s "Chapman Square - Chapter II" album, and co-wrote and co-produced "Summer Alive" on The Wanted's " Word of Mouth" album.
Gin Wigmore's "Gravel & Wine" album was released in the US, including the Clark co-write "Kill of the Night". The song has already had numerous TV, film and commercial placements, including "666 Park Avenue", "", "Teen Wolf", "Pretty Little Liars" and AMC Halloween week.
In 2013, "Meet Danny Wilson" was featured on the BBC Radio Scotland "Classic Scottish Albums" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19336989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336989" title="Alexicles (general)">
Alexicles (general)

Alexicles (Ancient Greek: ) was an Athenian general who belonged to the oligarchial or Lacedaemonian party at Athens. After the revolution of 411 BC, he and several of his friends left the city and went to their friends at Decelea. But he was afterwards made prisoner in Piraeus, and sentenced to death for his participation in the guilt of Phrynichus.

</doc>
<doc id="19336992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19336992" title="Monsters of Rock (band)">
Monsters of Rock (band)

Monsters of Rock is a tribute band formed in San Diego, California, USA in March 2005.
They are billed as "San Diego's Ultimate Metal Tribute Band."
Background.
Monsters of Rock are a San Diego-based multi-metal tribute act dedicated to performing the songs of the well-known metal bands that dominated the 1970s, 1980's, and 1990's--especially bands that performed in England's "Monsters of Rock" festivals. The Monsters of Rock pay tribute to bands like Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Queensryche, Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne and many others.
Monsters of Rock have performed in venues within the Southern California area and received a third place award and a $4,000 cash prize in the "Ultimate Music Challenge 2: Battle of the Cover Bands" at Viejas Casino in Alpine, California on August 3, 2008.
Monsters of Rock also competed the following year in the "Ultimate Music Challenge 3: Battle of the Cover Bands" at Viejas Casino in Alpine, California on July 8, 2009 winning second place and a $8,000 cash prize.
History.
Monsters of Rock originally formed in February 2005 by bassist Jeff Sheets (formerly of Hunter), lead guitarist Gavin O'Hara (formerly of Sabotage, Street Liegal, and Sinor), drummer A.J. Wolfe, and lead vocalist Ron Lerma (formerly of Piece of Mind, Deeper Purple, and Teabag). Jeff Sheets, Gavin O'Hara, and A.J. Wolfe were all formerly in the band Wolfgaard in 2004 playing originals and covers. The band name was changed from Wolfgaard to Monsters of Rock when Ron Lerma joined the group and suggested the name change. Ron was also involved in an original project with the band Sator Square at the time of Monsters of Rock's formation.
In April 2005, A.J. Wolfe accepted a job offer and relocated to Oregon. He was replaced by Tom Hogue (formerly of Cynical Man and Malady who are presently known as Benedictum and have since released three albums/CDs in Europe). Eventually the band decided that they would need a second guitarist to fill out their sound. After auditioning several candidates they recruited lead guitarist Sergio Estrada (formerly of Sweet Vengeance)in mid-April 2005.
The members of this line up all brought previous experience having played alongside acts such as Quiet Riot, Ratt, Great White, Motörhead, and others at such legendary San Diego venues as the Bacchanal, Rio's, Straita Head Sound, 4th&B, and Brick by Brick (formerly "The Spirit Club") to name a few. While they were playing original material at these years in hopes of a recording contract, this time around the purpose of their band was to play heavy metal covers that influenced them to become musicians in the first place.
In May 2006, due to musical differences, Jeff Sheets left the band. Bass player Dave Kendall (formerly of The Spoilers & The Late Edition) joined the band the same month. Dave was a friend of both Tom Hogue and Sergio Estrada. In May 2010, Tom Hogue also left the band. Tom was initially replaced by Jerry Fluery (formerly of 6one9 and Black Diamond w/Gavin O'Hara). Jerry had to quit the band due to work constraints and was replaced by Sergio's brother, Roger Estrada in September 2010.
Since 2008, the band has been playing venues, such as The House of Blues, The Belly Up, Paladinos, and are a house band at the Second Wind Bars in Santee and San Carlos, CA. They pride themselves in filling a void not too many bands provide which is playing classic heavy metal covers. They have shared the stage with many nationally and internationally known tribute and original music acts such as The Iron Maidens, The Atomic Punks, Wild Child, Damage Inc, ThundHerStruck, Lights, Steel Panther, and Pearl to name a few.
Members.
Ron Lerma - Lead Vocals (2005–present)
Gavin O'Hara - Lead Guitar & backing vocals (2005–present)
Roger Estrada - Drums (2010–present)
Sergio Estrada - Lead Guitar & backing vocals (2005–present)
Dave Kendall - Bass Guitar & backing vocals (2006–present)
Former Members.
A.J. Wolfe - Drums (2004–2005)
Jeff Sheets - Bass Guitar & backing vocals (2005–2006)
Tom Hogue - Drums & backing vocals (2005–2010)
Jerry Fluery- Drums (2010)
References.
External Links:
Monsters of Rock main website
Monsters of Rock MySpace website
Monsters of Rock BlipTV Website
Monsters of Rock Facebook website
M.O.R. at Lo-Cal Music website 

</doc>
<doc id="19337012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337012" title="Effects of Hurricane Ike in inland North America">
Effects of Hurricane Ike in inland North America

The effects of Hurricane Ike in inland North America, in September 2008, were unusually intense and included widespread damage across all or parts of eleven states - Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and West Virginia, and into parts of Ontario as Ike, which had rapidly become an extratropical cyclone, was enhanced by an adjacent frontal boundary and produced widespread winds with gusts to hurricane-force in several areas. In addition, significant flooding which was already underway due to heavy rain from the front to the north was worsened by rainfall brought on by Ike in parts of Missouri, Illinois and Indiana to the west of the center.
The severe winds reported across the Midwest to the east of the center (although little or no rain fell in many of those areas) were as a result of a combination of factors, including the strength and size of Ike itself allowing for a strong pressure gradient and a well-defined structure, the location on the east side of the storm where the winds are usually stronger in a northward-moving system due to its forward motion, its fast forward motion of about , and the warm air ahead of the storm allowed the high winds aloft to reach the surface easier. Many areas reported wind gusts to hurricane force.
It was one of the largest power outages caused by a natural disaster in the history of the Midwest with about 3.7 million customers losing power (well over 8 million people), including 2.6 million outages in the state of Ohio alone 26 people were killed in the interior states. Ohio alone sustained over $560 million in damage.
Arkansas.
In Arkansas, about 200,000 customers lost power as a result of the winds, the worst power loss in that state since an ice storm in 2000. Damage was widespread, with trees and power lines knocked down in many areas. At least five tornadoes—all rated EF1 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale—were reported, in Garland, Hot Spring, Lonoke, Perry and Saline Counties. The Lonoke County tornado caused some structural damage near Cabot, including a storage unit and several metal buildings at a lumber mill that were destroyed, a strip mall that was heavily damaged and many signs blown down. Arkansas was spared the significant rainfall that areas farther north saw though. One person was killed when a tree fell onto a mobile home near Fisher, Arkansas.
Tennessee and Missouri.
Two deaths occurred when a tree fell onto two people on a golf course in Hermitage, Tennessee, just outside Nashville.
Parts of Missouri, particularly around St. Louis, sustained major flooding. In St. Charles County, the Missouri River reached well above flood stage with forecasts as high as above flood stage, and seven private levees were threatened. Another hard-hit community was Arnold, where the Meramec River threatened to reach major flood stage for the third time in 2008, although sandbags were still up from the March flood there. The high winds in southeastern Missouri, particularly the Bootheel, also blew corn stalks down and caused severe damage to crops. The winds and rain knocked out power to about 85,000 customers in Missouri.
A woman was also struck and killed by a large tree limb in Ladue, Missouri, and two bodies of a man and a woman who presumably drowned were found in University City, Missouri, outside of St. Louis. Another drowning took place in floodwaters in Columbia, Missouri.
Kentucky.
The Louisville area declared a state of emergency due to major damage, and the Louisville International Airport was closed temporarily. A LG&E spokesperson said that this was the worst power outage in 30 years. Near Covington, the Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky International Airport was also temporarily shut down, and the control tower was evacuated. Also in Covington, an apartment building lost its entire roof and the Renaissance Hotel also sustained damage. Later in the day, a statewide state of emergency was declared in Kentucky by Governor Steve Beshear. All school districts in the three northernmost counties in the state, except two (Southgate Independent Schools and Kenton County Schools) closed or delayed in the first 3 days following the storm.
In the Louisville area, over 300,000 customers were without power - the worst power outage in the utility's history. In western Kentucky, outside crews had to be brought in from as far away as Mississippi to restore power. Statewide, well over 600,000 customers lost electricity as a result of the winds. 
In Simpsonville, a boy was struck and killed by a blown tree limb while outdoors.
Illinois and Indiana.
Much of Illinois suffered significant flooding. The hardest hit rivers were the DuPage, Des Plaines and Chicago Rivers. Many volunteers were called in to fill sandbags in an attempt to hold back the rising rivers. Dozens of people had to be rescued by boat. The corn and soybean crops were also threatened in many areas as a result of the heavy rainfall. In Riverside, several neighborhoods and much of the local forest preserve area were submerged in up to 2 to 4 feet of rapidly flowing water by the swollen Des Plaines River. A state of emergency was declared in Chicago and Cook County as a result of the floodwaters. That was later extended statewide by Governor Rod Blagojevich. About 49,000 customers lost power in Illinois. Effects were not limited to the state's northeastern corner; in the southwestern city of Chester, the Governor Bond State Memorial was severely damaged by the hurricane.
The northwestern part of Indiana was hard hit by flooding, which was partially related to the frontal boundary and partially related to Ike. One of the hardest-hit communities was Munster, where 5,000 residents had to be evacuated as a result of the Little Calumet River overflowing in many spots and breaking through the levee near the Calumet Avenue bridge. Several people had to be rescued by boat and there was a garage fire and a massive house explosion in the flooded area that leveled one house and damaged others. Parts of Interstates 80 and 94 were closed due to flooding, slowing traffic greatly in the region. 
In Indiana, about 350,000 customers lost power statewide, mostly in the southern part. The fields of southern Indiana were heavily impacted, and a spokesman the state's Natural Resource Conservation Service described the situation as a "severe crop loss" and the "worst wind damage I have ever seen". A state of emergency was later declared by Governor Mitch Daniels. Strong winds blew off the steeple of St. Mary's Catholic Church in New Albany, Indiana.
Seven deaths were reported in Indiana. Two deaths took place in Chesterton as a result of flooding, and five deaths due to fallen trees in other parts of Indiana - two in Clark County and one each in Crawford, Perry and Ohio Counties. Two deaths were reported in Illinois, both of which were drownings.
Ohio and Michigan.
Ohio was hit extremely hard by the storm. Wind gusts of over were recorded in Cincinnati, Dayton and Columbus, which is equivalent to sustained wind levels found in a Category 1 hurricane. The remnants of Ike caused a total of 2.6 million power outages in the state of Ohio, 330,000 of them for over a week. A state of emergency was declared on Monday by Governor Ted Strickland. On September 16 and 17, Governor Strickland took a tour of the heavily damaged areas, particularly in Cincinnati, Columbus and Dayton to survey the damage. Ike caused over $560 million in damage in Ohio.
The Cincinnati metropolitan area was very hard hit, with over 927,000 households losing power in that region (approximately 2.1 million people). A Duke Energy spokesperson said “We have never seen anything like this. Never. We’re talking about 90 percent of our customers without power" On September 15, 16 and 17, most of the schools in Hamilton County and Butler County had classes cancelled because of power outages. In Cincinnati, the effects of this storm have become known as "The Cincinnati Blackout". A water emergency was also declared in Butler County as the water supply diminished due to the lack of power, and a "Level One" emergency was declared in the county to encourage people to remain at home, although stopping short of a curfew.
In the Dayton, Ohio area 300,000 of 515,000 Dayton Power & Light Co. customers lost power at some point following severe wind storms on the afternoon of September 14, according to a company spokesperson. As of Thursday morning, September 18, 90,000 DP&L customers remained without power. Also hard hit were central Ohio (with over 350,000 customers losing power) and northeastern Ohio (with over 310,000 customers losing power). A curfew was implemented on September 17 in Carlisle due to increased looting activity as a result of the lengthy power outage and damage.
There were 370,000 outages in the state capital of Columbus. Many of the citizens in Columbus were without power for close to a week, because 25 percent of the AEP company's workers were in Texas helping crews there restore electricity to the millions who lost power because of Hurricane Ike. All the major school districts in Columbus were closed for at least two days. 
Agricultural damage was severe, with as much as 20% of the state's total corn crop lost as a result of winds blowing down corn stalks. Some fields were nearly flattened by the hurricane-force wind gusts. Tens of thousands of people also lost power in northwest Ohio where widespread outages and damage were reported in the Lima and Findlay areas as the center of the storm tracked just to the north and west. Some of the most significant damage there included a radio tower that collapsed and a church that was heavily damaged. 
In Mount Healthy, a tree crushing a house resulted in one fatality, and two others died when a tree crashed onto a motorcycle parade in Hueston Woods State Park near Oxford. A similar incident in Lorain County also resulted in the death of a young boy who was hit by a fallen tree limb. An indirect death in Hilliard was caused by electrocution while working on a generator, and another in St. Bernard was caused by a candle fire while power was out.
The southern part of Michigan sustained heavy rainfall resulting in many houses being flooded, partially due to Ike and partially due to the frontal boundary. Two deaths were reported in Michigan - both drownings, one in a ditch and one in a vehicle. Tornado warnings were also issued across Southern Michigan, for Van Buren, Kalamazoo, and Calhoun counties. A tornado was confirmed in Wayne County, resulting in localized damage associated with EF-2 force winds.
Pennsylvania, West Virginia and New York.
In total, over 180,000 customers lost power as a result of the high winds in western Pennsylvania. The damage eventually resulted in a state of emergency declaration by Governor Ed Rendell. In Oil City, one death took place as a result of a fallen tree limb while outdoors.
The Northern Panhandle of West Virginia also sustained high winds and hail as a result of the storm with widespread tree damage. About 32,000 customers in the region lost power, particularly around Wheeling. 
The high winds continued northward into Upstate New York late in the evening of September 14. Widespread damage, mostly to trees and power lines, was reported. In New York State, over 100,000 customers were reported without power. The hardest hit area was around Rochester, where over half of the outages were reported.
Canada.
In Ontario, Ike's remnants brought a record amount of rain on Sunday, September 14, in the Windsor region. It was closely following a slow-moving frontal system that had drenched the city the day before, dumping of rain and breaking the old record of in 1979, according to Environment Canada. Most damage in the Windsor area with Ike was confined to downed power lines and toppled tree branches with the wind gusts reaching , with spotty street flooding that made driving completely treacherous in some areas. Highways were washed out in the Bruce Peninsula, and trees were uprooted in London, Ontario. The storm continued to cause wind and rain damage as it continues east along the St. Lawrence River leaving around 25,000 customers without electricity, especially in Belleville, Brockville, Bancroft, Peterborough, Bowmanville, Huntsville and Timmins. 
In Quebec province, regions to the north of the Saint Lawrence River received to of rainfall (Hautes-Laurentides, Haute-Mauricie, Réserve faunique des Laurentides, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, Charlevoix and Côte-Nord). Maximum rainfall was recorded between Lac-St-Jean and the Réserve faunique des Laurentides with a station recording more than of rain Along the river, the amount were more in the and range, except in Quebec City area which received almost , most of it between 7:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. This rain caused small inundations, storm drain overflows, and caused one major highway to close. In Montreal, high humidity levels pushed by the system caused electrical malfunction one of the lines of the subway, stranding commuters. High winds up to caused, at their worst, over 25,000 households to lose electricity in Montreal, Laval, Estrie and Montérégie and when it reached the Magdalen Islands, it had enough strength to cause a sail boat, the "Océan", to sink. Its six passengers were rescued by a helicopter of the Canadian Coast Guard.
The "Ike Spike" in gasoline prices was quite severe in Canada, with gas prices rising anywhere from 15 to 20 cents per liter.

</doc>
<doc id="19337033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337033" title="Stonehaven Bay">
Stonehaven Bay

Stonehaven Bay is a natural harbour in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The town of Stonehaven is built along the shore of Stonehaven Bay. Nearby historical features include Fetteresso Castle, Stonehaven Tolbooth, Dunottar Castle and Muchalls Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="19337061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337061" title="Is This the Way to Amarillo">
Is This the Way to Amarillo

"Is This the Way to Amarillo" is a song written by Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield, referring to Amarillo, Texas. It is about a man traveling to Amarillo to find his girlfriend. The reason that Amarillo was chosen for the song was because it was the only place name that Sedaka could think of that rhymed with "willow" and "pillow". The song was originally to be titled, "Is This the Way to Pensacola" referring to Pensacola, Florida, but Sedaka felt that Amarillo worked better than Pensacola.
Written by two Americans about a United States city, the song was first released in Europe, where it has become much more famous than it has ever been in the composers' native country.
The song was recorded by Tony Christie and released in the UK in November 1971, initially reaching number 18 in the UK Singles Chart. However, it was a substantially bigger hit at that time across Continental Europe, notably in Germany and Spain where it made number one. In Germany, the song retains unbroken popularity as one of the standard schlager repertoire, and is widely adapted as a chant by football and hockey fans. Following its re-issue in 2005 – when it reached number one in the UK, thanks in part to Peter Kay's star studded lip-synch video – the song gained even greater popularity. In 2006 it was played at the World Cup Final in Berlin and was also played by The Central Band of the Royal British Legion on Centre Court at Wimbledon before the start of the Men's Singles final.
Neil Sedaka version.
In the United States, a version by the writer of the song Neil Sedaka made to number 44 in the Billboard charts in 1977, and the title was shortened to "Amarillo".
Tony Christie featuring Peter Kay version.
In 2002, Tony Christie's version was used in the British comedy series "Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights". The song was then re-released on March 14, 2005 to raise money for Comic Relief, becoming a British pop culture behemoth.
Music video.
In the accompanying video, Peter Kay lip-synced the song accompanied by various celebrities including Brian May, Roger Taylor, Shakin' Stevens, Shaun Ryder, Bez, Paddy McGuinness, Michael Parkinson, Heather Mills, Danny Baker, Ronnie Corbett, Mr Blobby, Jim Bowen, look-alikes of Cliff Richard - the same lookalike is used in the "Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights" spin off, "Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere", Mahatma Gandhi, William Roache, Anne Kirkbride, Jimmy Savile, Sally Lindsay, Bernie Clifton, Keith Harris and Orville the Duck, Sooty, Sweep, Geoffrey Hayes and Bungle, as well as Tony Christie himself.
Within the first few cameos, Max and Paddy from "Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights" and its spin-off appear together, arguing and eventually fighting in the Granada studios corridor. This is one of many appearances of characters from Kay's TV series, including Paddy's tennis playing cell mate Cliff from "Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere", and both a midget football team and Brian Potter from "Phoenix Nights". The video consists almost entirely of Kay walking towards the camera flanked by different pairings of the celebrities, in front of increasingly bizarre and unlikely backgrounds.
Chart performance.
This time around, the song peaked at #1 on the UK Singles Chart, and remained there for seven weeks, becoming the UK's best-selling single of 2005. It has sold over 1.31 million copies as of November 2012. During its success, the song was credited in chart rundowns and other media appearances to "Tony Christie featuring Peter Kay". However, Kay does not appear on the record, since it is a re-issue of the original version and not a re-recording.
Spoofs.
BBC One's "This Week" used a parody of Kay's video, starring presenter Andrew Neil, for its opening titles in the run-up to the 2005 election. On May 13, 2005, another spoof video of the song made by the Royal Dragoon Guards stationed in Iraq was emailed so frequently it crashed a server at the Ministry of Defence. The spoof was entitled "Is This The Way To Armadillo" . On August 6, 2006, Riverton Rover Crew also did an award winning spoof of the Tony Christie video. On 2 July 2005, Peter Kay, joined by the crowd, sang an excerpt of this song a cappella, before introducing The Who at Live 8's London concert. Before this, on May 4, 2005, Kay performed at a concert by Queen + Paul Rodgers at the Manchester Evening News Arena, Kay and his regular co-star Paddy McGuinness led the crowd in an impromptu rendition while they introduced the band's encore. The pair were later invited back on stage to take a bow with the band at the end of the show.
Other cover versions, re-issues etc..
The Dutch singer Albert West covered the song in 1988. After the successful re-release of the song in the UK, Tony Christie re-recorded it with the Hermes House Band; this version charted in Germany in 2005. There is also a version by The Les Humphries Singers and a version in German by Roberto Blanco. There was also a 1971 version on the MGM label (K 14360) by a band called English House. It was produced by Terry Slater. The A-side was "Music Is The Voice Of Love" composed by Terry Slater and Phil Everly.

</doc>
<doc id="19337073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337073" title="Shneur Zalman Fradkin">
Shneur Zalman Fradkin

Shneur Zalman Fradkin of Lublin (1830-1902), also known as the Toras Chessed (after his main work) or The Liader (after his place of birth), was a famous Chabad "posek" and "gaon". He was a disciple of the third Chabad-Lubavitch Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn (also known as the "Tzemach Tzedek").
Early life.
Fradkin was born in Liadi, Vitebsk Region, Russia, the city of the founder of the Chabad movement, Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi, after whom Rabbi Fradkin was named. 
The sixth Chabad Rebbe, Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn, recalled that the local book dealer in Lubavitch would not let Fradkin see the books before purchasing them, because after flipping through the pages he had already memorized the whole book.
After marrying, Fradkin traveled to study from Rabbi Eliyahu Yosef of Drivin, where he became a great scholar. He resolved not to be sustained from the position of rabbi, but after losing all his possessions, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn instructed him to apply for the position of rabbi in Polotzk, Poland, to which Fradkin was later appointed in 1855.
Rabbi Fradkin and the Rebbes of Chabad.
Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn gave Fradkin an honored position among his followers, calling him a "gaon", and having him take part in matters of the Beth din. He said that Rabbi Fradkin was so knowledgeable that he knew how many times the letter "vav" appears in the Talmud.
The fifth Rebbe of Lubavitch, Rabbi Sholom Dovber Schneersohn, also held Fradkin in high esteem, and said of him, “even in the earlier generations he would have been considered a "gaon"!”
In Lublin.
After staying in Polotzk for thirteen years, in 1868 Fradkin was appointed as rabbi of Lublin. This was a great honor, for only very few were allowed to be appointed as rabbis there.
"Toras Chessed".
Fradkin was a great "posek", as can be seen from the testimony of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn: “I am busy and unable to respond ... pose the question to Rabbi Zalman of Polotzk (i.e., Rabbi Fradkin); you can rely on him.” Fradkin gathered the thousands of his responsa into his monumental work, "Toras Chessed", published in two volumes (Warsaw, 1883, Jerusalem, 1909).
Demise.
In the month of Adar, 5662, he declared to the astonishment of his students: “I can no longer tolerate this world of falsehood!” He died soon after, on 5 Nissan 5662 (1902), and is buried in the Chabad section of the Mount of Olives.

</doc>
<doc id="19337094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337094" title="Erzsébet Szőnyi">
Erzsébet Szőnyi

Erzsébet Szőnyi, also Erzsébet Szilágyi, (born 25 April 1924 in Budapest) is a Hungarian composer. Her works encompass symphonic compositions, chamber music works, art songs, and oratorios. She has also written numerous stage works including eight operas: "Dalma" (1952), "A makrancos királylány" (1955), "Firenzei tragédie" (1957), "Az aranyszárnyú méhecske" (1974), "A Gay Lament" (1979), "The Truth-telling Shepherd" (1979), "Break of Transmission" (1980), and "Elfrida" (1985).

</doc>
<doc id="19337101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337101" title="Pierre David">
Pierre David

Pierre David (born May 17, 1944) is a Canadian film producer and film financier.
David is best known for executive-producing iconic films directed by David Cronenberg, such as Scanners, Videodrome, and The Brood. He is also credited as "production executive" on the Academy Award-winning film Platoon, directed by Oliver Stone. He has since produced dozens of independent films, mainly in the thriller genre, and is still actively producing.

</doc>
<doc id="19337109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337109" title="Colyer Dupont">
Colyer Dupont

Colyer Dupont was an American television producer. He won many major international awards during his tenure as a television producer/director for Cinemagic Productions. His hour-long documentary, "Computer Magic" was seen by millions of viewers both in the United States (on PBS National and The Discovery Channel) and in high schools, colleges, libraries and television networks around the world. In addition to his work in television production, he obtained patents for several useful household gadgets and his history also includes an acting career as a child that included a film for Disney (Follow Me, Boys!) as well as stage work with stars such as Betty Grable. His first acting job was a result of his gun-twirling skills, made use of in a toy commercial made for Mattel in the mid 1960s. He was a student at The Academy of Art in San Francisco before leaving to take a position as the Advertising Manager for the popular national "New Age" magazine, Magical Blend during the latter part of the 1980s.
References.
GOLD SPECIAL JURY AWARD - Houston International Film Festival
CINE GOLD EAGLE - CINE, Washington, D.C.
THE CHRIS STATUETTE - Columbus International Film and Video Festival
GOLD ELECTRA AWARD - Birmingham International Education Film Festival
SILVER MEDAL - International Film and Television Festival, N.Y.
SILVER PLAQUE - Chicago International Film Festival
JOEY AWARD OF MERIT - Professional Media Network
AWARD OF EXCELLENCE - Showcase '87, Visual Communications Showcase
Patent Numbers 4,399,034 and 6,774,3983

</doc>
<doc id="19337118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337118" title="Gerald F. Bogan">
Gerald F. Bogan

Gerald Francis Bogan (July 27, 1894 – June 3, 1973) was a United States Navy admiral.
Bogan authored a confidential memorandum that was leaked by Captain John G. Crommelin during the Revolt of the Admirals in September 1949. His memo described the situation in the Navy as follows, "The morale of the Navy is lower today than at any time since I entered the commissioned ranks in 1916 ... The situation deteriorates with each press release." The memorandum was endorsed in writing by Admiral Arthur W. Radford and Chief of Naval Operations Louis E. Denfeld. Bogan retired as a Vice Admiral in 1950 at age 55 rather than transfer from command of First Task Fleet in the Pacific to commander of Fleet Air at Jacksonville, a command normally filled by a Rear Admiral.
In August 1963, Bogan was the captain of a 104-foot, $250,000, luxury yacht "Freedom II" when it sank in the Pacific Ocean 600 miles from California. The yacht was en route from Honolulu to San Diego. Bogan and six crew members were rescued by the submarine . According to the crew, the yacht lost a wooden plank in its hull causing it to flood and sink, though it was unclear what caused the loss of the plank.
Bogan was inducted into the Naval Aviation Hall of Honor, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19337137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337137" title="Monongalia Arts Center">
Monongalia Arts Center

The Monongalia Arts Center, or MAC, is located in Morgantown, West Virginia near the campus of West Virginia University. The MAC opened to the public in 1978 as a non-profit arts and culture center, which it remains today. The MAC’s mission is "to provide a home for the arts where the work of visual and performing artists is showcased and interest in the arts is nurtured through ongoing educational programs." The building hosts two galleries, a theatre for the performing arts, and is undergoing production on other projects, including an Internet radio station and the establishment of the Tanner Theatre as a regular venue for touring bands. The building is also recognized on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The neoclassical building that houses the Monongalia Arts Center was constructed in 1913 and federally owned until it was purchased in September 1975 by the Louis F. Tanner family. It was designed by Oscar Wenderoth in Classical Revival style. The building served historically as a post office, and it was known as Old Morgantown Post Office.
Mabel Tanner, founder of the Morgantown Players and local art critic for over 40 years, had long since envisioned "a facility complete with theatre, art gallery, exhibit area, classrooms and workshop space, that would house the performing and creative arts and provide a central point from which to foster the arts and encourage their growth." After her death in 1974, her family purchased the building and then established the Monongalia County Arts Association, Inc. in 1976 to begin work upon a community arts center, thus giving birth to Tanner's reverie.
In 1978, after two years of planning and development, the Mon. County Arts Association officially opened the MAC to the public.
In 1979, the MAC was added to the National Register of Historic Places as "Old Morgantown Post Office". It is located in the Downtown Morgantown Historic District, listed in 1996.
Departments.
Benedum Gallery.
The Benedum Gallery, made possible through funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation, was established in 1979. Located on the first floor of the MAC, the gallery displays monthly art exhibits from a variety of cultural and artistic backgrounds. The gallery is handicap-accessible and open during weekdays and Saturday afternoons. Information on each month's gallery is available on location or online at the center's website.
Robert M. Davis Gallery.
The Robert M. Davis Gallery is MAC's second-floor gallery. This gallery was created out of a grass roots effort in 2004 as means to showcase emerging artists and cutting edge art forms. In 2007 and 2008 the Davis Gallery experiences several significant upgrades and was doubled in size due to a grant from the Hazel Ruby McQuain Charitable Trust and community volunteer efforts. The Robert M. Davis Gallery uses a gallery track hanging system and covers over of the second level.
Mabel DeVries Tanner Theatre.
The Mabel DeVries Tanner Theatre was dedicated in 1981, and the room serves as MAC's space for the performing arts. Over the years, the theatre has hosted everything from plays and classic theatre productions to avant-noise music performances. The theatre also functions as a multipurpose space, available to the public for reservations for events such as wedding receptions and other private parties. In 2008, the MAC began regularly booking local and touring bands for shows and concerts in the space.
Classes.
The MAC offers classes and workshops in a variety of fields, including classes in Zumba, yoga, and Kindermusik. The center also hosts two free sewing circles, Sew What?! and MACKnitters. On going artists studio sessions for figure drawing are offered all year featuring multiple models and body types. MAC offers the most affordable private music and art lessons in the region as well. Another ongoing program is MAC Improv which meets every Tuesday from 7-9 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="19337161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337161" title="Romanno Bridge">
Romanno Bridge

Romanno Bridge is the sixth novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig.
Plot summary.
The book is a sequel to Greig's second novel, "The Return of John MacNab". It reunites the main characters from the previous book, and teams them with a half-Maori rugby player and a busker from Oslo, in a quest for the Stone of Scone. The action takes place mainly in Scotland, but it also includes sections set in Norway and England.
Like "The Return of John MacNab", this novel is something of a homage to the stories of John Buchan, although the connection is not made explicit this time around.

</doc>
<doc id="19337173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337173" title="Tea (meal)">
Tea (meal)

Tea can refer to any of several different meals or mealtimes, depending on a country's customs and its history of drinking tea. However, in those countries where the term's use is common, the influences are generally those of the former British Empire (now the Commonwealth of Nations). Tea as a meal can be small or large.
United Kingdom and Ireland.
Afternoon tea.
Afternoon tea is a light meal typically eaten between 4 pm and 6 pm. Observance of the custom originated amongst the wealthy classes in England in the 1840s. Anna Maria Russell, Duchess of Bedford, is widely credited as transforming afternoon tea in England into a late-afternoon meal whilst visiting Belvoir Castle, though Charles II of England's wife Catherine of Braganza is often credited with introducing tea to the court upon her arrival in 1662. By the end of the nineteenth century, afternoon tea developed to its current form and was observed by both the upper and middle classes: "the table was laid ... there were the best things with a fat pink rose on the side of each cup; hearts of lettuce, thin bread and butter, and the crisp little cakes that had been baked in readiness that morning."
Traditionally, loose tea is brewed in a teapot and served with milk and sugar. The sugar and caffeine of the concoction provided fortification against afternoon doldrums for the working poor of 19th and early 20th century England who had a significantly lower calorie count and more physically demanding occupation than most Westerners today. For laborers, the tea was sometimes accompanied by a small sandwich or baked snack (such as scones) that had been packed for them in the morning. For the more privileged, afternoon tea was accompanied by luxury ingredient sandwiches (customarily cucumber, egg and cress, fish paste, ham, and smoked salmon), scones (with clotted cream and jam, see cream tea) and usually cakes and pastries (such as Battenberg cake, fruit cake or Victoria sponge). In hotels and tea shops the food is often served on a tiered stand; there may be no sandwiches, but bread or scones with butter or margarine and optional jam or other spread, or toast, muffins or crumpets.
Isabella Beeton, whose books on home economics were widely read in the 19th century, describes afternoon teas of various kinds: the old-fashioned tea, the at-home tea, the family tea and the high tea and provides menus. Nowadays, a formal afternoon tea is often taken as a treat in a hotel or tea shop.
High tea.
High tea (also known as meat tea) is the evening meal or dinner of the working class, typically eaten between 5 pm and 7 pm.
High tea typically consists of a hot dish, followed by cakes and bread, butter and jam. Occasionally there would be cold cuts of meat, such as ham salad. Traditionally, high tea was eaten by middle- to upper-class children (whose parents would have a more formal dinner later) or by workers when they came home from work. The term was first used around 1825, and high is used in the sense of well-advanced (like high noon, for example) to signify that it was taken later in the day.
The term "high tea" was used as a way to distinguish it from afternoon tea, and was used predominantly by the working class and in certain British dialects of the North of England.
Other uses.
Lower-middle and working-class people traditionally call their midday meal "dinner" and their evening meal (served around 6 pm) "tea", whereas the upper social classes would call the midday meal lunch (or "luncheon"), and the evening meal (served after 7 pm) dinner or supper (often eaten later in the evening). These class signifiers have diminished over time, particularly in the southeast of England.

</doc>
<doc id="19337175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337175" title="Civil War (album)">
Civil War (album)

Civil War (stylized as "C I V I L W A R") is the fourth album by the Minneapolis, Minnesota punk rock band Dillinger Four, released on October 14, 2008 by Fat Wreck Chords. It is the band's second album for Fat, following 2002's "Situationist Comedy". Its recording and production took place over several years, and its release date was pushed back several times. An early internet leak of the album was the source of some controversy.
Recording and delayed release.
Dillinger Four had announced as early as June 2006 that "Civil War" would be released on October 31 of that year. However that August they amended the expected release date to March 2007. In November 2006 drummer Lane Pederson stated that the band were "working at D4 speed on a new record. About half of the songs are written." A month later bassist Patrick Costello announced in an interview that the album would be released in the Spring of 2007, stating that it was being pushed back so that the band would be better prepared to tour in support of it:
We're aiming for the Spring but we’re not being that vague just because of concerns of when the record's ready. It’s more to do with when we want to tour. Right now it's more that Lane's having a baby and Billy might be selling his house. Just all sorts of crazy shit like that. We're waiting to see when would be the best time that we could leave for two and half months.
The album went unreleased in the Spring and Summer of 2007, however, and guitarist Bill stated in September that the band were still working on it:
The new record is coming along great! The new jams are high energy, and are gonna be a blast to play live. We're working on really using all three vocals, which we used to do a bit more in the early days and works great, and people always seem to want more of, so that will be fun. But mostly I expect a great Dillinger Four record: fun, fast-paced, great change-ups and a couple songs on this one where it's a bit different than stuff we've done before.
In December 2007 guitarist Erik Funk remarked on the album's progress, stating in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul "Star Tribune" that "We have a lot of stuff written and are gonna take the next few months to finish an album." Months continued to pass with no release details, however, and on April 1, 2008 the music news website Punknews.org poked fun at "Civil War"s long-delayed release by making a fake news post in celebration of April Fools' Day giving false cover artwork and song titles for the album. In July Dillinger Four announced that they were entering a recording studio to finish the album, and that it would be completed by August. This recording session took place at The Terrarium in Minneapolis with producer Dave Gardener. On August 19, 2008 Fat Wreck Chords posted the official cover artwork on their website and set a release date of October 14. The full track listing was subsequently listed on the band's official website and the Fat Wreck Chords website. On September 16 the band posted the song "Americaspremierfaithbasedinitiative" for listening on their Myspace profile, and on September 18 Fat Wreck Chords made the song available as a free download through their website. The full album was made available for listening in streaming media on the band's Myspace profile on October 8.
In an interview with "Chart" magazine shortly before "Civil War"s release, Funk reflected on the reasons for the long delay:
We weren't trying not to put out a record. It was just one thing after another and time flew by. When you don't do your band like a career like us, you've got other things to do than worry about getting records made. If you don't put a deadline on it, it may never get done. Like us, you turn around and it's been six years. The first year or two after the last record, we were still touring and not thinking about making an album. Then, in the third year, we were busy and it took a few months to write and get in the studio. There's lag time at the label and then it's winter... It just goes on and on. When NOFX asked us if we wanted to go on the road with them, we thought it would be fun, but we thought it would be better if we had the record finished. We hadn't planned on being done in October. It was for later in the year, so we had to kick it in high gear and get into the studio. Everything worked backwards from there 'cause if we had fucked it up, we'd be looking at 2009 before the album was done. That deadline really got it all together, but it was only a matter of a few weeks. We'd planned to go into the studio three weeks after we actually did. We'd have only rehearsed with the luxury time, so we were ready. Most of ["Civil War"s songs were written in] the last 12 months, so it's a new record, not stuff we were sitting on and hadn't recorded. It's also not like we were writing these songs for the last six years. Once we were ready, it came together surprisingly quickly, and I think people will be kind of shocked but happy with the results.
Funk described the album as "all around slicker, occasionally heavier, more melodic, poppier and longer" than previous Dillinger Four albums.
Internet leak controversy.
An early internet leak of "Civil War" was a source of some controversy. Aaron Hale-Williams, a writer for the online publication "Racket Magazine", was given a password-encoded streaming media version of the album by Fat Wreck Chords so that he could publish a review prior to its release. Hale posted the password and a link to the album stream on the music news website Punknews.org, and the album soon spread onto peer-to-peer networks after the streaming audio was converted into MP3 format. "Racket Magazine" Editor Jonathan Yost learned of the leak from Hale and contacted Fat Wreck Chords: "He called me to tell me how good it was, and mentioned that he gave it to 'two or three' people. I scoped it on PunkNews and saw that it was all over the place, so dropped Fat a line to change the password before it got too far out of control." Meanwhile, Hale had been submitting samples of his writing to Scott Heisel, Music Editor for "Alternative Press" and former editor for Punknews.org. Heisel had been covering news of "Civil War"s recording and development for "Alternative Press" and learned of the album leak, which he called "illegal...immoral and immature." He contacted Fat Wreck Chords to inform them of the situation at about the same time as Yost, and learned that the Hale was the suspected source of the leak:
When I asked a friend who worked for Fat where they think the leak came from, they pinpointed it to one specific person from a specific magazine (again, not AP) who had been begging them to hear the record. Upon hearing this person's name, I realized that same person had been emailing and IMing me incessantly for the past few weeks about trying to write for AP...Once I found out the label was holding him responsible for the leak, I promptly wrote him and let him know that AP doesn't use writers who leak records, so I would not need his services.
Yost subsequently fired Hale from "Racket Magazine", explaining that "it was very obvious that this was a giant fuck up on our homeslice’s part. So...it was my decision to fire Aaron from Racket." Hale responded with his version of events on his blog:
I'm sorry for whom I hurt Fat Wreck Chords, but the truth is...I did my job, in a roundabout way. I got people, in a way, really hyperventilating about a band that's been dormant for nearly a decade. In the terms of underground music...that's nearly impossible, with so many bands worthy of attention falling on and off the radar nearly daily. Not that this particular band needs any help, but with years and years of taunting new releases, new music, and then shooting them down, it became a game of "band who cried album."
In the wake of the controversy artist Mitch Clem published a six-part comic strip satirizing the events in his webcomic "Nothing Nice to Say". He received an email from the album's producer Dave Gardener criticizing his satire of the situation: "As the guy who recorded the record I have to say I found your attempt at social commentary via satire was pretty weak and actually fairly insulting. If you had any idea of the work that all of us, the band, the other guy who did the record and honestly the label put into making the record happen you might have an inkling over how shitty the leaking of the record is to us all." Clem responded that the comic was actually intended to oppose music piracy, not to advocate it. Punknews.org editor Jesse Raub addressed the situation in his blog, stating that "It sucks that Mr. Hale’s decision to share the album with his friends turned out this way. But he is directly responsible for the leak and needs to accept accountability for his actions. You can’t place the blame on everyone but you because they were forced to react to your initial actions." Punknews.org posted a synposis of the controversy, stating that "Punknews.org does not support or condone leaking albums. It's not just about the commerce; there are many people who work on an album like this one, it is fair for people to at least be compensated for the time they took away from other jobs, families and friends in order to put together an album for you."
In an interview with Dillinger Four singer/guitarist Erik Funk for "Alternative Press" on the day before the album's release, Heisel asked what Funk thought of the controversy surrounding "Civil War"s online leak. Funk replied that the band members do not have a strong stance on the issue and were surprised at the controversy:
We were surprised to see it become as big--I mean, the story became way bigger than our part in it. Or it wasn't really about "our" record. It was just about that circumstance. For us, none of us have a real strong position against people sharing music. I mean, I think that's fine. We didn't feel like we were getting ripped off or anything. Everything else related to it, between that writer and his boss... [Laughs.]... Whatever else happened, I feel like we're out of it.
Critical reception.
Critical response to "Civil War" was generally positive. Online retailer Interpunk.com called the album "worth every second of the interminable wait. From the opening note of the first track it's blatantly apparent that the guys in D4 haven’t lost a step". Reviewer Jason Lymangrover of Allmusic commented that the album "strong to their melodic punk roots, but [shows a new, more mature side of the band. The fiery pep is still intact here, but the carefree days of 'He's a Shithead (Yeah, Yeah)' have been replaced with thoughtful lyrics dealing with social injustices...it's their most glossy, most consistent, most calm, and surprisingly, their most socially relevant album, despite their approach toward middle age on a teen-oriented punk playground." Chris Fallon of Absolutepunk.net also praised the album, calling it "a new stitch in a damaged American flag; it's the healthy new dose of oxygen we are severely in need of in a crippled music industry starved of substance." He particularly praised the band's songwriting and use of melody, stating that "The record is audibly more melodic than previous releases, with a focus on pop-infused choruses and hooks, all while still containing that raw focal point the band has continually reached for on past albums." Maximum Rocknroll magazine coordinator Justin Briggs wrote in the December 2008 issue, "[...] While nothing they ever do will knock "Midwestern Songs of the Americas" from the position of 'DILLINGER FOUR's best album,' which is an impossible feat among impossibilities in itself, "Civil War" has tracks that I'd definitely put on a 'Best of DILLINGER FOUR' mixtape - quite a few, actually. [...] Just f**king buy it already." 
Not all reviewers praised the album, however. Scott Heisel of "Alternative Press" gave it three out of five stars, noting that the band's extended period of inactivity did not allow them to test the new songs in front of an audience, and thus "the band's fourth proper full-length isn't the New Testament of beard-punk that so many Fest attendees want it to be." He also remarked that their hiatus had distanced them from contemporary punk, and thus "Civil War" sounds dated and "lacks bite and innovation." Heisel also felt that it did not measure up to the promise of the band's earlier work, stating that "While the album has bright spots, overall it feels a bit dull and without the spark that made 1998's "Midwestern Songs of the Americas" so fresh and exciting. With the albatross around their neck finally loosened, Dillinger Four have the talent to return with another truly great, defining punk album–hopefully it'll be before 2014." Kyle Ryan of "The A.V. Club" remarked that the album was "mostly interchangeable with its predecessors, right down to the silly samples that bookend the songs" and that "after six long years, it would've been nice for Dillinger Four to deliver something beyond more of the same". He did note, however, that the band's pop tendencies were more prominent than on previous releases, and that Funk's vocals were clearer, citing "Contemplate This on the Tree of Woe" and "Americaspremierefaithbasedinitiative" as strong tracks and saying that "Fruity Pebbles" "may be D4's most accessible song yet".
Track listing.
All songs written by Dillinger Four (Patrick Costello, Erik Funk, Bill , and Lane Pederson)

</doc>
<doc id="19337202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337202" title="Lene Marlin">
Lene Marlin

Lene Marlin (born Lene Marlin Pedersen, 17 August 1980, Tromsø, Norway) is a Norwegian singer and musician.
Biography.
"Playing My Game" (1998–2002).
Marlin made her Norwegian debut on 12 October 1998, with the single "Unforgivable Sinner", a number one hit for eight weeks. It was the fastest selling single in Norwegian music history, and appeared in the soundtrack of the Norwegian movie "Schpaaa". Her first album, "Playing My Game", followed. She won an MTV Europe award in 1999. Her single "Where I'm Headed", from the French film, "Mauvaises fréquentations", topped the charts in France and Italy. Her song "Sitting Down Here" became a top 5 hit in the UK Singles Chart, and reached number 5 in The Netherlands in 2000.
"Another Day" (2003–2004).
Lene Marlin's second album, "Another Day", was released on 22 September 2003. Two singles were released: "You Weren't There" and "Another Day". "You Weren't There" debuted at No. 1 on Norway Singles Top 20 and remained on the chart for 11 weeks. It also stayed for 24 weeks in Italy Singles Top 50 chart, peaking at No. 1. "You Weren't There" was less successful in the UK, reaching #59. The single "Another Day" was released in Italy and Norway only, and peaked at No. 17 on the Italian Singles chart. "Sorry" was released only in Italy.
"Lost in a Moment" (2005–2007).
In June 2005, Lene released her third album, "Lost in a Moment". The first single from that album, "How Would It Be," was released in Europe in May 2005, and made the Top 20 in both Norway and Italy Singles chart. This single also appeared briefly for a week at a low spot in Germany Singles Top 100. The second single was "What If", released only in Italy.
Despite being less well known in other parts of the world, Marlin made a trip to Taiwan and China during October 2005 to promote a Taiwanese version of "Lost in a Moment". This included one bonus track, "Still Here", a cover of a song by a famous Chinese singer, Faye Wong. The visit proved to be successful; events held included a concert appearance hosted by MTV Taiwan, various television appearances, and a live street gig. Her record company claims that "Lost in a Moment" was their best selling western record of the year.
"Twist the Truth" (2008–present).
In July 2008 the Norwegian press announced that she was in studio recording her fourth album with the Norwegian artists and songwriters Even "Magnet" Johansen and Børge Fjordheim at Askøy, Grand Sports and Malabar Studios.
"Twist The Truth", her fourth album, was released on 30 March 2009. Unlike her previous three albums, the basic sound focuses strongly on an "unplugged" feel in the song performances, close to what a "live in studio" concert would be.
The album has 10 tracks. The first single, "Here We Are", was number one on the Norwegian National Radio Chart for two weeks, and was the most airplayed Norwegian song of 2009.
Other work.
Lene Marlin has written songs for other artists, including Rihanna's "Good Girl Gone Bad". and "Whole New Beginning" and "Picking Up The Pieces" for Elin Gaustad. She also co-wrote "Yesterday's Gone" with Frida Amundsen, which was featured on Amundsen's 2012 debut album, "September Blue".
In 2006, she performed with Swiss band, Lovebugs on their single "Avalon", which made the Top 10 in the Swiss chart as well as topping the Swiss National Airplay Chart.
In 2009, Marlin was featured on Aleksander Denstad With's single "Worth It" which peaked at #3 on Norway Single Chart and earned a Gold Record for single sales in Norway.
In 2011, she worked with Gary Louris, Autumn Rowe, Mads Langer, and Tobias Stenkjaer.
In 2013, Marlin participated in the reality show "Hver gang vi møtes" on TV2.
Awards.
Marlin has won four awards: Best Pop Solo Artist, Best Single ("Sitting Down Here"), Best Newcomer and the Artist Of The Year at the Norwegian equivalent to the Grammy awards 1999 (Spelleman), as well as the MTV Europe award for Best Nordic Act, presented in Dublin, Ireland in November 1999.
Marlin was also nominated for Best International Breakthrough Act at the 2001 BRIT Awards, alongside P!nk, Jill Scott, Westlife and Kelis, losing to Kelis.

</doc>
<doc id="19337214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337214" title="Corrina, Corrina (film)">
Corrina, Corrina (film)

Corrina, Corrina is a 1994 American feature film set in 1959 about a widower (Ray Liotta) who hires a housekeeper/nanny (Whoopi Goldberg) to care for his daughter (Tina Majorino). It was written and directed by Jessie Nelson, in her feature film directing debut. It was the final film Don Ameche starred in; he died after filming was completed.
Plot.
The wife of Manny Singer (Ray Liotta) has recently died. He realizes his young daughter Molly (Tina Majorino) is missing and he goes off to look for her. Manny's father, the unassuming and sweet Harry (Don Ameche) stumbles upon Molly under the table. He holds her. Molly (Tina Majorino) has not spoken since her mother, Annie, died. Manny's mother, the old world Eva (Erica Yohn) finds them.
As his friends and family drive away, Manny struggles to communicate with his daughter. Manny needs to return to work at his advertising job where he works with his best friend Sid (Larry Miller).
Manny searches for a housekeeper/nanny to take care of Molly. Corrina (Whoopi Goldberg) interviews for the position. Since her mother's death, Molly has not only refused to speak but doesn't even acknowledge people. She responds to Corrina and Manny hires Corrina as a housekeeper. Very quickly a strong bond is formed between nanny and child. Corrina works out a system to "talk" with Molly without making her speak and also helps her find a pet turtle they named Lois.
Corrina watches the early struggles of life after Annie. She asks about an unfinished grocery list and Manny admits to being unable to erase his wife's handwriting from the board. Late one evening a distraught Manny lies and says his wife is in the bathtub, rather than admit to her sudden passing. Upon hearing this lie, Molly runs to the tub hoping to see her mother. Corrina sees the lonely child sit quietly in the empty bathtub while Manny buries his head in his hands as he sits in the chair Annie purchased for their home. 
As Corrina adjusts to her new role, Manny and Molly adjust to Corrina's ways too. Manny, overhearing Corrina discussing heaven, asks that Corrina avoid the topic. Manny and his wife were atheists and Manny doesn't want Molly to believe in a god he does not believe in. Corrina does not disobey but notes that she too will just have to explain to Molly that her mother is in the bathtub instead of face reality. Meanwhile, while watching TV, Molly sees a commercial that notes how deadly cigarettes are and watching her father smoke scares the young girl. She begins hiding his cigarettes. 
While Corrina is making Manny's bed, Molly speaks for the first time noting the spot her mother used to sleep. When consoling Molly about her mother, Corrina explains that Molly's mother is with the angels and perhaps Manny is jealous of the angels who get to spend all day with his wife. Molly finds comfort in knowing her mother is somewhere happy. That night, when Manny comes home, Molly tells him about the dinner she has helped make. Hearing the sound of her voice brings joy to Manny. Corrina stays for dinner upon Molly's insistence and she and Manny discover a common bond in music. 
Molly begins to spend time with Corrina's sister Jevina, her brother-in-law Frank, her nephew Percy and her nieces Lizzie and Mavis. They take Molly to church and welcome her into their home. The children welcome the shy Molly and they become close friends. Meanwhile, Manny is introduced to Jenny (Wendy Crewson), a perky white woman with two unruly sons. Corrina's sister wants her to date a black man, Anthony. Corrina says she is uninterested and, "in the words of Gertrude Stein, girl, there ain't no "there" there."
Manny is still struggling with losing Annie and although Sid feels Jenny is the perfect fit, Manny is not ready to date. Molly begins talk about heaven and her mother. A frustrated Manny tells her that heaven is just something that people make up so they won't feel sad anymore. Molly replies, "Well, what's wrong with that?" and starts asking about her mother. When Manny refuses to talk about her Molly cries, "she's disappearing! She's almost gone!".
A frightened Molly must return to school and to give her some confidence, Corrina tells her to remember she is "Molly Singer and there is no one in the world better than" she is. While coloring family pictures, Molly is mocked for adding Corrina to her picture. Molly repeats Corrina's message to herself but she is visibly hurt. She runs into Corrina's arms at the end of the day, desperate to go home. Manny and Corrina have an exchange about stealing each other's cigarettes, not knowing how they can go through so many so quickly. That night, Molly awakes from a nightmare where she could not get her mother to turn around. Corrina and Manny run to her side but she is scared and angry. Molly tells her father, "it's all your fault she's gone! I hate you" and Corrina tells her she's allowed to be mad. Manny admits to Molly how hurt he is about losing Annie and how much he misses her too. That night Jevina chastises Corrina for pretending to become a part of this new family. 
A terrified Molly begs Corrina to let her stay home from school and Corrina secretly agrees. At work, Manny struggles with a new project for Jell-O pudding. Corrina spends more time with the family and she and Manny slowly discover they are more compatible with each other than anyone else. Manny confides in Corrina about his deceased wife and Corrina talks about her long gone former husband. They share a love of music and Corrina even assists Manny on his new jingle. After a successful advertizing campaign, Manny comes home with flowers for Molly as well as Corrina. Their private celebration is interrupted by a visit from Jenny, which Corrina takes as a cue that she is not meant to stay.
The next day, a flustered Corrina goes to work where Manny apologizes for Jenny's meeting. He admits all he wanted was to celebrate with Molly and Corrina. As they say farewell, they share a kiss on the check. Manny's nosey neighbor sees this embrace. Corrina and Manny begin to fall in love and, in 1950s America, face difficulties as an interracial couple. A night out for dinner leads to racial slurs from fellow patrons that the young Molly does not understand. Molly, however, is taken with Corrina and she asks her grandfather to make sure that Manny marries Corrina one day. 
Manny buys Corrina an album one night, after she admits her interest in writing liner notes and her sister finds the gesture inappropriate. Jevina thinks that Manny and Corrina are wrong for each other. Molly also struggles with tension when she unknowing calls Lizzie a racial slur, not knowing what her words mean. Manny's nosey neighbor tells his mother Eva about the budding romance and Eva tells Manny she is concerned for him. Manny thinks Corrina is the best thing in the world for Molly.
After losing her kite, Manny finds it in the backyard next to dozens and dozens of cigarettes. Manny confronts Molly and she says that she doesn't want cigarettes to kill her father. Manny promises to be there for Molly and they hug. A moving truck delivers more furniture to the house but this couch won't fit in through the door so it remains on the lawn. That night, Corrina and Manny talk about their last words with their spouses and share a moonlight dance. They share a kiss that is witnessed by a glowing Molly. 
After weeks of not attending class, Corrina gives Molly a scrapbook with a turtle to keep her school items, suggesting it's almost time for her to rejoin her class. Molly does not respond to the gesture as she is not yet ready to go back. After a call from Molly's teacher, Manny finds out that Corrina had been letting Molly skip school. Corrina felt Molly wasn’t ready to go back. In a fit of anger, Manny tells Corrina is not Molly's mother and fires her, taking a heartbroken Molly home.
Molly becomes withdrawn again, and soon after, Manny learns that his father Harry has died. Jenny again tries to win over Manny but he is not interested. After the funeral, Manny goes to visit Corrina at her home to tell her of his father's passing and to properly apologize. After an unsuccessful talk, Corrina overhears Manny's not-so quiet prayers to god to help him out. Corrina gives Manny the scrapbook for Molly and he hopes she will give it to Molly in person. Corrina informs Manny she quits and Manny assures her that she was replaced. Manny and Corrina embrace and he begins to kiss her. Corrina brings him inside to formally meet her family. 
The movie ends with Molly singing "This Little Light of Mine" in order to cheer her up her Grandma Eva. Finally, the sober Eva gives in and joins Molly in the joyful song.
Reaction.
Reviews.
The film received mixed reviews from many film critics criticizing Nelson's failure to fully address the complications surrounding a romantic interracial relationship in the 1950s. Roger Ebert confessed that he enjoyed the film but wrote, "...seems almost as shy as the characters about the charged issues of race and romance. After it was over I felt that, yes, it was warm and good-hearted, but there was more of a story there to be told." Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" praised the actors and actresses for their work on the film but echoed a similar criticism regarding Manny and Corrina's relationship, "The affection between them is evident, but not even by the end of her story has Ms. Nelson decided what sort of affection it is. That may be true to life, but for an otherwise mainstream movie, it's trouble." "Corrina, Corrina" currently holds a 35% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Box office.
The movie was not a box office success. The movie grossed $20,160,000 (USA) 

</doc>
<doc id="19337219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337219" title="List of Colorado Rockies Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Colorado Rockies Opening Day starting pitchers

The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Denver, Colorado. They play in the National League West division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Rockies have used 15 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 21 seasons. Since the Rockies' first season in 1993, the 15 starters have a combined Opening Day record of nine wins, six losses (8–6), and six no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
Six Rockies pitchers have started on two Opening Days: Kevin Ritz, Darryl Kile, Mike Hampton, Jason Jennings, Aaron Cook, and Ubaldo Jiménez. Kile has the best Opening Day record with two wins and no losses. Armando Reynoso is the only Rockies pitcher to start on Opening Day in Colorado's former home of Mile High Stadium. Rockies starting pitchers have an Opening Day record of four wins and three losses when at home. With the exception of one lost game at Mile High Stadium, the other games were played at Colorado's current home stadium of Coors Field. On the road for Opening Day, Colorado starting pitchers have accumulated a record of five wins, four losses, and five no decisions. The Rockies have a record of one win and two losses on Opening Day for seasons in which they would later go on to participate in post-season play.
The longest Opening Day winning streak for Rockies starting pitchers is three years, when Colorado won in 2004, 2005, and 2006, under three different pitchers, Shawn Estes, Joe Kennedy, and Jason Jennings. Rockies starters have lost twice in two consecutive years, once in 1993 and 1994, and once from 2002 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19337262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337262" title="Pole dance">
Pole dance

Pole dance is a form of performance art, historically associated with strip clubs, which combines dance and acrobatics centered around a vertical pole. This art form has recently gained popularity as a form of fitness and mainstream entertainment, practised by many enthusiasts in gyms and in dedicated dance studios. A wide range of amateur and professional competitions are held in many countries around the world.
Since the mid 2000s, promoters of pole dance fitness competitions have been trying to change peoples’ perception of pole dance and to promote it as a non-sexual form of dance and acrobatics. Pole dance has furthermore been influenced by Chinese pole, a form of acrobatics that is most notably performed in circus. Competitive pole dance competitions are by and large performed in a non-prurient fashion which combines a range of dance styles and/or gymnastics.
Pole dance requires significant strength, flexibility and endurance. In a commercial pseudo-erotic setting, however, pole dance is often performed less gymnastically and is used more as a prop in striptease, go-go or lap dancing, with the performer simply holding the pole or moving around it without performing acrobatics. Pole dance proper involves athletic moves such as climbs, spins, and body inversions using the limbs to grip. Upper body and core strength are required to attain proficiency, and rigorous training is necessary.
Pole dance is now regarded as a form of exercise which can be used as both an aerobic and anaerobic workout. Recognized schools and qualifications are now commonplace.
History.
The use of a pole for exercise has been traced back at least eight hundred years to the traditional Indian sport of mallakhamb, which utilizes principles of endurance and strength using a wooden pole, wider in diameter than a modern standard pole. The Chinese pole, originating in India, uses two poles on which men would perform “gravity defying tricks” as they leap from pole to pole, at approximately twenty feet in the air.
In the 1920s, traveling circuses and sideshows would utilize pole dancing with a pole in the middle of a tent. Eventually the pole dancing moved from tents to bars, and combined with burlesque dance. Since the 1980s, the dance pole has increasingly been incorporated into striptease routines, and Go-Go or lap dancing, first in Canada and then in the United States. In the 1990s, pole dancing commenced to be taught as an art and use in fitness exercises. Since then, pole dancing classes have become a popular form of recreational and competitive sport. K.T. Coates, a famed competitive pole dancer, and the International Pole Dancing Federation, are currently promoting a campaign to include competitive pole dance in the Olympics in 2016. Numerous competitions exist, including the World Pole Sport Championship, U.S. Pole Federation Championship, and the International Pole Masters Cup Championship.
The pole.
Standard pole.
The standard dance pole typically consists of a hollow steel or brass pole with a circular cross section, running from floor to ceiling. Affixing at the ceiling gives more stability, but is not always realized, especially at night clubs with higher ceilings or at transportable devices. In the United States, the diameter is usually 5 cm (2 inches), allowing it to be gripped comfortably with one hand. In Asia, the diameter is usually 4.5 cm or less..
Another common pole is the spinning pole; as its name suggests, it is similar to a standard static dance pole but spins using ball bearings. The purpose of this pole is to create better momentum and higher rates of speed to have a greater dramatic effect.
Home versions are available which may be used for practice or aerobic exercise. Materials of which poles are made include polished stainless steel, chromed steel, brass, powder coating, and titanium coating. Poles can also be made of acrylic glass which allows use of "glow poles" with LED lighting effects. Each material surface has different gripping properties. Polished steel is one of the slickest materials, which provides for a faster, more fluid dance, and is great for spins; brass poles provide more friction, allowing for an easier hold during inverts and poses and creating a slow, sensual dance style. Products such as chalk, "Dry Hands" or "iTac" may be used to help "stick" to the pole.
Poles can be held in place by using threading to brace them against a ceiling joist. There are also poles that do not require construction and can be set up using tension. Stationary, rotating, and switchable versions are available.
Show pole.
There are now poles available for use in clubs that provide visual effects. These poles are made with clear plastics and contain water, glitter, and special reflective materials which stand out when used in conjunction with strobe lighting, as well as lighting hidden in their base joists. However, these poles are not favorable to a dancer wanting to achieve better pole tricks, as they bend slightly and have a tendency to create a friction burn when slid down with any sort of speed.
Pole dance as exercise.
Pole dancing has gained popularity as a form of exercise with increased awareness of the benefits to general strength and fitness. These forms of exercise increases core and general body strength by using the body itself as resistance, while toning the body as a whole. A typical pole dance exercise regimen in class begins with strength training, dance-based moves, squats, push-ups, and sit-ups and gradually works its way up to the spins, climbs and inversions which are the métier of the exercise.
Pole dancing is also generally reported by its schools to be empowering for women in terms of building self-confidence, in terms of which its erotic components are still the subject of some controversy.
Although some will compare pole dancing to Mallakhamb, an Indian men's sport with no erotic component, many will disagree that they are the same lineage of "pole dance."
A growing number of men are incorporating pole dancing into their fitness programmes. In Australia, the UK and the US, dance studios are beginning to offer classes just for men. And in China, 2007's National Pole Dancing competition was won by a man. Dance instructor Zhang Peng, 23, beat a host of women dancers to the top prize.
Pole dance competitions.
A wide range of amateur and professional competitions are held in many countries around the world. They are strictly non-nude and focus on pole dance as an athletic and artistic form of dance and fitness. The first "Miss Pole Dance World" competition was held in November 2005 in Amsterdam and Elena Gibson from the UK won the championship. The following day Elena was disqualified by the organizer John Benner amongst much controversy and the title went to the runner up Reiko Suemune from Japan.
A group of advocates even pushed for pole dance to be represented as a test event in the 2012 London Olympics. But because this is a relatively new trend, scoring for competitions is not standardised, while names of the techniques vary among different clubs in different regions.
In Australia, "Miss Pole Dance Australia" was started in 2005. Felix Cane took home the first prize in the latest 2010 (named Miss Pole Dance 2011—for the coming year) competition. The first US Pole Dance Federation (USPDF) Championship was held on March 19, 2009, first place was taken by Jenyne Butterfly. The 2010 winner of "Miss Pole Dance Canada" was Crystal Lai, who went on to win the People's Choice Award at the worlds.
World Pole Sport & Fitness 2009 (World Pole Dance) is a competition opened to all nationalities and all continents. The 2009 event in Jamaica was won by Cane, and she successfully defended her title in the 2010 Swiss event. For 2011 the event took place in Budapest and was won by Belarusan Alesia Vazmitsel.
Pole dance in the media.
Pole dancing, which has been featured on "Desperate Housewives" and "The View", like other exercise trends has its share of celebrity following.
Jennifer Love Hewitt had a short pole stint dancing in an episode of "Ghost Whisperer".
Actress Sheila Kelley was so taken with the sport, which she learned whilst preparing for her role in "Dancing at the Blue Iguana", that she launched her own pole-based exercise programme.
Rima Fakih's victory at Miss USA 2010, including the fact that she had won a pole-dancing competition three years earlier, attracted media attention.
Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai showed her pole dancing skills in the music video "Agent J" and "Beast". She gave a live double pole-dancing performance in her Myself concert in Kaohsiung.
Pole dance has its own media, the magazines "Free Spin", "Pole Spin" and "Vertical".
Pole dance is also the main subject of a popular webcomic titled, "Pole Dancing Adventures" created by artist, Leen Isabel.
In the video game "Bayonetta" the titular character use pole dancing in means to advance to the next area or combat her foes.
In the ending credit to the game, she is seen dancing on the pole.
If you get a platinum award you'll hear her say "I should have been a pole dancer".
Pole dancing has been incorporated in the performances of some K-Pop Idols. Ga-In of the Brown Eyed Girls included a few shots of her pole dancing in the music video of her 2012 solo single 피어나 (Bloom). Girl group After School used pole dancing extensively as part of the dance routine for their 2013 song 첫사랑 (First Love).
Rhianna's hit single from 2013 "Pour it up" featured poledancer Nicole 'The Pole' Williams. Nicole also danced to Bruno Mars "Gorilla" at the MTV EMAs 2013.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19337279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337279" title="Great Recession">
Great Recession

The Great Recession (also referred to as the Lesser Depression, the Long Recession, or the global recession of 2009) was a global economic decline that began in December 2007 and took a particularly sharp downward turn in September 2008. The initial phase of the economic crisis started with a financial liquidity crisis, dated to have started on 9 August 2007, at the interbank lending market when central banks had to step in with liquidity lending to the banking market. This was a response to a situation where BNP Paribas temporarily had to block money withdrawals from three hedge funds - citing a "complete evaporation of liquidity". The bursting of the U.S. housing bubble, where the median price for real estate home sales in US started to decline after its peak in July 2006, caused the values of securities tied to U.S. real estate pricing to plummet, damaging financial institutions globally and creating an interbank credit crisis. The first sign of an interbank credit crisis arrived in March 2007, when the United States' subprime mortgage industry collapsed due to higher-than-expected home foreclosure rates, with more than 25 subprime lenders declaring bankruptcy, announcing significant losses, or putting themselves up for sale.
The Great Recession began as a national recession in United States in December 2007, but only met the IMF criteria for being a global recession, requiring a "decline in annual real World GDP percapita (Purchasing Power Parity weighted)", in the single calendar year 2009. Despite the fact that quarterly data are being utilized as recession definition criteria by all G20 members, representing 85% of the World GDP, IMF has decided -because of the absence of a complete data set- not to declare/measure global recessions according to quarterly GDP data. The "seasonally adjusted PPPweighted real GDP" for the G20zone, however is a good indicator for the World GDP, and it was measured to have suffered a direct quarter on quarter decline during the three quarters from Q32008 until Q12009, which more accurately mark when the recession took place at the global level. The exact start and end-point for the recession at the national level, however greatly varied from country to country, and some countries did not experience any recession at all.
Many countries in Europe had a second recession, starting on average about three years after the first one. Some (Germany, Switzerland, Sweden) did not have a second recession. Most countries outside Europe did not have a second recession.
The recession affected the entire world economy, with greater detriment to some countries than others, but overall to a degree which made it the worst global recession since World War II. It was a major global recession characterised by various systemic imbalances, and was sparked by the outbreak of the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis and financial crisis of 2007–08. The economic side effects of the European sovereign debt crisis, austerity, high levels of household debt, trade imbalances, high unemployment, and limited prospects for global growth in 2014, continue to provide obstacles for many countries to achieve a full recovery from the recession.
Overview.
According to the U.S. National Bureau of Economic Research (the official arbiter of U.S. recessions) the US recession began in December 2007 and ended in June 2009, and thus spanned over 18 months. US mortgage-backed securities, which had risks that were hard to assess, were marketed around the world. A more broad based credit boom fed a global speculative bubble in real estate and equities, which served to reinforce the risky lending practices.
The bad financial situation was made more difficult by a sharp increase in oil and food prices. The emergence of sub-prime loan losses in 2007 began the crisis and exposed other risky loans and over-inflated asset prices. With loan losses mounting and the fall of Lehman Brothers on 15 September 2008, a major panic broke out on the inter-bank loan market. As share and housing prices declined, many large and well established investment and commercial banks in the United States and Europe suffered huge losses and even faced bankruptcy, resulting in massive public financial assistance.
If adhering to the European definition for existence of a global recession, this will appear when the World's seasonally adjusted real GDP contract quarter on quarter, through two consecutive quarters. By applying this definition on data from the 52 countries publishing these quarterly figures and representing 90% of the World GDP, it can be concluded the global recession began in Q3-2008 and ended in Q1-2009, and thus lasted for three consecutive quarters.
The global recession resulted in a sharp drop in international trade, rising unemployment and slumping commodity prices. Several economists predicted that recovery might not appear until 2011 and that the recession would be the worst since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Paul Krugman, who won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics, once commented on this as seemingly the beginning of "a second Great Depression." The conditions leading up to the crisis, characterised by an exorbitant rise in asset prices and associated boom in economic demand, are considered a result of the extended period of easily available credit and inadequate regulation and oversight.
The recession has renewed interest in Keynesian economic ideas on how to combat recessionary conditions. Fiscal and monetary policies have been significantly eased to stem the recession and financial risks. Economists advise that the stimulus should be withdrawn as soon as the economies recover enough to "chart a path to sustainable growth".
According to a study of 54 countries, there has been an increase in suicide deaths as a result of the recession. The study cites that there were an estimated 5,000 additional deaths resulting from suicide in the year 2009 alone.
Causes.
Overview.
The immediate or proximate cause of the crisis in 2008 was the failure or risk of failure at major financial institutions globally, starting with the rescue of investment bank Bear Stearns in March 2008 and the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008. Many of these institutions had invested heavily in risky securities that lost much or all of their value when U.S. and European housing bubbles began to deflate during the 2007-2009 period. Further, many institutions had become dependent on short-term (overnight) funding markets subject to disruption.
The origin of these housing bubbles involved two major factors: 1) low interest rates in the U.S. and Europe following the 2000-2001 U.S. recession; and 2) significant growth in savings available from developing nations due to ongoing trade imbalances. These factors drove a large increase in demand for high-yield investments. Large investment banks connected the housing markets to this large supply of savings via innovative new securities, fueling housing bubbles in the U.S. and Europe.
Many institutions lowered credit standards to continue feeding the global demand for mortgage securities, generating huge profits while passing the risk to investors. However, while the bubbles developed, household debt levels rose sharply after the year 2000 globally. Households became dependent on being able to refinance their mortgages. Further, U.S. households often had adjustable rate mortgages, which had lower initial interest rates and payments that later rose. When global credit markets essentially stopped funding mortgage-related investments in the 2007-2008 period, U.S. homeowners were no longer able to refinance and defaulted in record numbers, leading to the collapse of securities backed by these mortgages that now pervaded the system.
The failure rates of subprime mortgages were the first symptom of a credit boom turned to bust and of a real estate shock. But large default rates on subprime mortgages cannot account for the severity of the crisis. Rather, low-quality mortgages acted as an accelerant to the fire that spread through the entire financial system. The latter had become fragile as a result of several factors that are unique to this crisis: the transfer of assets from the balance sheets of banks to the markets, the creation of complex and opaque assets, the failure of ratings agencies to properly assess the risk of such assets, and the application of fair value accounting. To these novel factors, one must add the now standard failure of regulators and supervisors in spotting and correcting the emerging weaknesses.
Panel reports.
The majority report of the U.S. Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, supported by six Democrat appointees, reported its findings in January 2011. It concluded that "the
crisis was avoidable and was caused by: Widespread failures in financial regulation, including the Federal Reserve’s failure to stem the tide of toxic mortgages; Dramatic breakdowns in corporate governance including too many financial firms acting
recklessly and taking on too much risk; An explosive mix of excessive borrowing and risk by households and Wall Street that put the financial system on a collision course with crisis; Key policy makers ill prepared for the crisis, lacking a full understanding of the financial system they oversaw; and systemic breaches in accountability and ethics at all levels.“
There were two Republican dissenting reports. One of them, signed by three Republican appointees, concluded that there were multiple causes, of which government affordable housing policies was one. In his separate dissent to the majority and minority opinions of the FCIC, Commissioner Peter J. Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) primarily blamed U.S. housing policy, including the actions of Fannie & Freddie, for the crisis. He wrote: "When the bubble began to deflate in mid-2007, the low quality and high risk loans engendered by government policies failed in unprecedented numbers. The effect of these defaults was exacerbated by the fact that few if any investors—including housing market analysts—understood at the time that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had been acquiring large numbers of subprime and other high risk loans in order to meet HUD’s affordable housing goals." His dissent relied heavily on the research of fellow AEI member Edward Pinto, the former Chief Credit Officer of Fannie Mae. Pinto estimated that by early 2008 there were 27 million higher-risk, "non-traditional" mortgages (defined as subprime and Alt-A) outstanding valued at $4.6 trillion. Of these, Fannie & Freddie held or guaranteed 12 million mortgages valued at $1.8 trillion. Government entities held or guaranteed 19.2 million or $2.7 trillion of such mortgages total.
An even larger estimate of GSE substandard loans was produced in late 2011, when the Securities and Exchange Commission filed fraud charges against 6 former GSE executives. Significantly, the SEC alleged (and still maintains) that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac reported as subprime and substandard "less than 10 percent" of their actual subprime and substandard loans. In other words, the substandard loans held in the GSE portfolios may have been 10 times greater than originally reported. According to Wallison, that would make the SEC's estimate of GSE substandard loans higher than Edward Pinto's estimate.
In its "Declaration of the Summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy," dated 15 November 2008, leaders of the Group of 20 cited the following causes:
Trade imbalances and debt bubbles.
"The Economist" wrote in July 2012 that the inflow of investment dollars required to fund the U.S. trade deficit was a major cause of the housing bubble and financial crisis: "The trade deficit, less than 1% of GDP in the early 1990s, hit 6% in 2006. That deficit was financed by inflows of foreign savings, in particular from East Asia and the Middle East. Much of that money went into dodgy mortgages to buy overvalued houses, and the financial crisis was the result."
In May 2008, NPR explained in their Peabody Award winning program "The Giant Pool of Money" that a vast inflow of savings from developing nations flowed into the mortgage market, driving the U.S. housing bubble. This pool of fixed income savings increased from around $35 trillion in 2000 to about $70 trillion by 2008. NPR explained this money came from various sources, "ut the main headline is that all sorts of poor countries became kind of rich, making things like TVs and selling us oil. China, India, Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia made a lot of money and banked it."
Describing the crisis in Europe, Paul Krugman wrote in February 2012 that: "What we’re basically looking at, then, is a balance of payments problem, in which capital flooded south after the creation of the euro, leading to overvaluation in southern Europe."
Monetary policy.
Another narrative about the origin has been focused on the respective parts played by the public monetary policy (in the US notably) and by the practices of private financial institutions. In the U.S., mortgage funding was unusually decentralised, opaque, and competitive, and it is believed that competition between lenders for revenue and market share contributed to declining underwriting standards and risky lending.
While Greenspan's role as Chairman of the Federal Reserve has been widely discussed (the main point of controversy remains the lowering of the Federal funds rate to 1% for more than a year which, according to Austrian theorists, allowed huge amounts of "easy" credit-based money to be injected into the financial system and thus create an unsustainable economic boom), there is also the argument that Greenspan's actions in the years 2002–2004 were actually motivated by the need to take the U.S. economy out of the early 2000s recession caused by the bursting of the dot-com bubble—although by doing so he did not help avert the crisis, but only postpone it.
High private debt levels.
Another narrative focuses on high levels of private debt in the US economy. USA household debt as a percentage of annual disposable personal income was 127% at the end of 2007, versus 77% in 1990. Faced with increasing mortgage payments as their adjustable rate mortgage payments increased, households began to default in record numbers, rendering mortgage-backed securities worthless. High private debt levels also impact growth by making recessions deeper and the following recovery weaker. Robert Reich claims the amount of debt in the US economy can be traced to economic inequality, assuming that middle-class wages remained stagnant while wealth concentrated at the top, and households "pull equity from their homes and overload on debt to maintain living standards."
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) reported in April 2012: "Household debt soared in the years leading up to the Great Recession. In advanced economies, during the five years preceding 2007, the ratio of household debt to income rose by an average of 39 percentage points, to 138 percent. In Denmark, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and Norway, debt peaked at more than 200 percent of household income. A surge in household debt to historic highs also occurred in emerging economies such as Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, and Lithuania. The concurrent boom in both house prices and the stock market meant that household debt relative to assets held broadly stable, which masked households’ growing exposure to a sharp fall in asset prices. When house prices declined, ushering in the global financial crisis, many households saw their wealth shrink relative to their debt, and, with less income and more unemployment, found it harder to meet mortgage payments. By the end of 2011, real house prices had fallen from their peak by about 41% in Ireland, 29% in Iceland, 23% in Spain and the United States, and 21% in Denmark. Household defaults, underwater mortgages (where the loan balance exceeds the house value), foreclosures, and fire sales are now endemic to a number of economies. Household deleveraging by paying off debts or defaulting on them has begun in some countries. It has been most pronounced in the United States, where about two-thirds of the debt reduction reflects defaults."
Pre-recession economic imbalances.
The onset of the economic crisis took most people by surprise. A 2009 paper identifies twelve economists and commentators who, between 2000 and 2006, predicted a recession based on the collapse of the then-booming housing market in the United States: Dean Baker, Wynne Godley, Fred Harrison, Michael Hudson, Eric Janszen, Steve Keen, Jakob Brøchner Madsen, Jens Kjaer Sørensen, Kurt Richebächer, Nouriel Roubini, Peter Schiff, and Robert Shiller.
Housing bubbles.
By 2007, real estate bubbles were still under way in many parts of the world, especially in the United States, France, United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, The Netherlands, Australia, United Arab Emirates, New Zealand, Ireland, Poland, South Africa, Israel, Greece, Bulgaria, Croatia, Norway, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden, Finland, Argentina, Baltic states, India, Romania, Ukraine, and China. U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said in mid-2005 that "at a minimum, there's a little 'froth' the U.S. housing market...it's hard not to see that there are a lot of local bubbles".
The "Economist" magazine, writing at the same time, went further, saying "the worldwide rise in house prices is the biggest bubble in history". Real estate bubbles are (by definition of the word "bubble") followed by a price decrease (also known as a housing price crash) that can result in many owners holding negative equity (a mortgage debt higher than the current value of the property).
Increases in uncertainty.
Increases in uncertainty can depress hiring, investment, or consumption. The 2007-14 recession represents the most striking episode of heightened uncertainty since 1960.
Ineffective or inappropriate regulation.
Regulations encouraging lax lending standards.
Several analysts, such as Peter Wallison and Edward Pinto of the American Enterprise Institute, have asserted that private lenders were encouraged to relax lending standards by government affordable housing policies. They cite The Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, which initially required that 30 percent or more of Fannie’s and Freddie’s loan purchases be related to affordable housing. The legislation gave HUD the power to set future requirements, and eventually (under the Bush Administration) a 56 percent minimum was established. To fulfil the requirements, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac established programs to purchase $5 trillion in affordable housing loans, and encouraged lenders to relax underwriting standards to produce those loans.
These critics also cite, as inappropriate regulation, “The National Homeownership Strategy: Partners in the American Dream (“Strategy”), which was compiled in 1995 by Henry Cisneros, President Clinton’s HUD Secretary. In 2001, the independent research company, Graham Fisher & Company, stated: “While the underlying initiatives of the were broad in content, the main theme ... was the relaxation of credit standards.”
The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) is also identified as one of the causes of the recession, by some critics. They contend that lenders relaxed lending standards in an effort to meet CRA commitments, and they note that publicly announced CRA loan commitments were massive, totaling $4.5 trillion in the years between 1994 and 2007.
However, the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (FCIC) concluded that Fannie & Freddie "were not a primary cause" of the crisis and that CRA was not a factor in the crisis. Further, since housing bubbles appeared in multiple countries in Europe as well, the FCIC Republican minority dissenting report also concluded that U.S. housing policies were not a robust explanation for a wider global housing bubble.
Derivatives.
Author Michael Lewis wrote that a type of derivative called a credit default swap (CDS) enabled speculators to stack bets on the same mortgage securities. This is analogous to allowing many persons to buy insurance on the same house. Speculators that bought CDS protection were betting that significant mortgage security defaults would occur, while the sellers (such as AIG) bet they would not. An unlimited amount could be wagered on the same housing-related securities, provided buyers and sellers of the CDS could be found. When massive defaults occurred on underlying mortgage securities, companies like AIG that were selling CDS were unable to perform their side of the obligation and defaulted; U.S. taxpayers paid over $100 billion to global financial institutions to honor AIG obligations, generating considerable outrage.
Derivatives such as CDS were unregulated or barely regulated. Several sources have noted the failure of the US government to supervise or even require transparency of the financial instruments known as derivatives.
A 2008 investigative article in the Washington Post found that leading government officials at the time (Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, and SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt) vehemently opposed any regulation of derivatives. In 1998 Brooksley E. Born, head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, put forth a policy paper asking for feedback from regulators, lobbyists, legislators on the question of
whether derivatives should be reported, sold through a central facility, or whether capital requirements should be required of their buyers. Greenspan, Rubin, and Levitt pressured her to withdraw the paper and Greenspan persuaded Congress to pass a resolution preventing CFTC from regulating derivatives for another six months — when Born's term of office would expire.
Ultimately, it was the collapse of a specific kind of derivative, the mortgage-backed security, that triggered the economic crisis of 2008.
Shadow banking system.
Paul Krugman wrote in 2009 that the run on the shadow banking system as the "core of what happened" to cause the crisis. "As the shadow banking system expanded to rival or even surpass conventional banking in importance, politicians and government officials should have realised that they were re-creating the kind of financial vulnerability that made the Great Depression possible – and they should have responded by extending regulations and the financial safety net to cover these new institutions. Influential figures should have proclaimed a simple rule: anything that does what a bank does, anything that has to be rescued in crises the way banks are, should be regulated like a bank." He referred to this lack of controls as "malign neglect."
During 2008, three of the largest U.S. investment banks either went bankrupt (Lehman Brothers) or were sold at fire sale prices to other banks (Bear Stearns and Merrill Lynch). The investment banks were not subject to the more stringent regulations applied to depository banks. These failures augmented the instability in the global financial system. The remaining two investment banks, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, potentially facing failure, opted to become commercial banks, thereby subjecting themselves to more stringent regulation but receiving access to credit via the Federal Reserve. Further, American International Group (AIG) had insured mortgage-backed and other securities but was not required to maintain sufficient reserves to pay its obligations when debtors defaulted on these securities. AIG was contractually required to post additional collateral with many creditors and counter-parties, touching off controversy when over $100 billion of U.S. taxpayer money was paid out to major global financial institutions on behalf of AIG. While this money was legally owed to the banks by AIG (under agreements made via credit default swaps purchased from AIG by the institutions), a number of Congressmen and media members expressed outrage that taxpayer money was used to bail out banks.
Economist Gary Gorton wrote in May 2009: "Unlike the historical banking panics of the 19th and early 20th centuries, the current banking panic is a wholesale panic, not a retail panic. In the earlier episodes, depositors ran to their banks and demanded cash in exchange for their checking accounts. Unable to meet those demands, the banking system became insolvent. The current panic involved financial firms “running” on other financial firms by not renewing sale and repurchase agreements (repo) or increasing the repo margin (“haircut”), forcing massive deleveraging, and resulting in the banking system being insolvent."
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission reported in January 2011: "In the early part of the 20th century, we erected a series of protections – the Federal Reserve as a lender of last resort, federal deposit insurance, ample regulations – to provide a bulwark against the panics that had regularly plagued America’s banking system in the 20th century. Yet, over the past 30-plus years, we permitted the growth of a shadow banking system – opaque and laden with short term debt – that rivaled the size of the traditional banking system. Key components of the market – for example, the multitrillion-dollar repo lending market, off-balance-sheet entities, and the use of over-the-counter derivatives – were hidden from view, without the protections we had constructed to prevent financial meltdowns. We had a 21st-century financial system with 19th-century safeguards."
Effects.
Terminology.
There are two senses of the word "recession": a less precise sense, referring broadly to "a period of reduced economic activity", and the academic sense used most often in economics, which is defined operationally, referring specifically to the contraction phase of a business cycle, with two or more consecutive quarters of negative GDP growth. If one analyzes the event using the economics-academic definition of the word, the recession ended in the United States in June or July 2009. However, in the broader, lay sense of the word, many people use the term to refer to the ongoing hardship (in the same way that the term "Great Depression" is also popularly used).
Effect on the U.S..
In the U.S., persistent high unemployment remains as of December 2012, along with low consumer confidence, the continuing decline in home values and increase in foreclosures and personal bankruptcies, an increasing federal debt, inflation, and rising petroleum and food prices. In fact, a 2011 poll found that more than half of all Americans think the U.S. is still in recession or even depression, although economic data show a historically modest recovery. This could be because both private and public levels of debt are at historic highs in the U.S. and in many other countries. A number of economists believe that excessive debt plays a role in causing bank crises and sovereign default.
Effects on Europe.
The crisis in Europe generally progressed from banking system crises to sovereign debt crises, as many countries elected to bailout their banking systems using taxpayer money. Greece was different in that it faced large public debts rather than problems within its banking system. Several countries received bailout packages from the "troika" (European Commission, European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund), which also implemented a series of emergency measures.
Many European countries which embarked on austerity programs, reducing their budget deficits relative to GDP from 2010 to 2011. For example, according to the "CIA World Factbook" Greece improved its budget deficit from 10.4% GDP in 2010 to 9.6% in 2011. Iceland, Italy, Ireland, Portugal, France, and Spain also improved their budget deficits from 2010 to 2011 relative to GDP.
However, with the exception of Germany, each of these countries had public-debt-to-GDP ratios that increased (i.e., worsened) from 2010 to 2011, as indicated in the chart at right. Greece's public-debt-to-GDP ratio increased from 143% in 2010 to 165% in 2011. This indicates that despite improving budget deficits, GDP growth was not sufficient to support a decline (improvement) in the debt-to-GDP ratio for these countries during this period. Eurostat reported that the debt to GDP ratio for the 17 Euro area countries together was 70.1% in 2008, 79.9% in 2009, 85.3% in 2010, and 87.2% in 2011.
According to the "CIA World Factbook", from 2010 to 2011, the unemployment rates in Spain, Greece, Italy, Ireland, Portugal, and the UK increased. France had no significant changes, while in Germany and Iceland the unemployment rate declined. Eurostat reported that Eurozone unemployment reached record levels in September 2012 at 11.6%, up from 10.3% the prior year. Unemployment varied significantly by country.
Economist Martin Wolf analysed the relationship between cumulative GDP growth from 2008-2012 and total reduction in budget deficits due to austerity policies (see chart at right) in several European countries during April 2012. He concluded that: "In all, there is no evidence here that large fiscal contractions deficit reductions bring benefits to confidence and growth that offset the direct effects of the contractions. They bring exactly what one would expect: small contractions bring recessions and big contractions bring depressions." Changes in budget balances (deficits or surpluses) explained approximately 53% of the change in GDP, according to the equation derived from the IMF data used in his analysis.
Economist Paul Krugman analysed the relationship between GDP and reduction in budget deficits for several European countries in April 2012 and concluded that austerity was slowing growth, similar to Martin Wolf. He also wrote: "... this also implies that 1 euro of austerity yields only about 0.4 euros of reduced deficit, even in the short run. No wonder, then, that the whole austerity enterprise is spiraling into disaster."
Countries that avoided recession.
The Philippines is one of the countries that avoided recession that plagued most countries. One cited reason is the remittances which have proved resilient despite the global economic slowdown as Filipino laborers continued to find strong demand overseas. As possibly due to the government’s diligence in forging new hiring agreements with other countries. Although dependence on demand for Filipino labor oversees denotes slow progress in developing the local economy. Another reason is that Philippines has attracted little foreign investment from other countries.
Poland is the only member of the European Union to have avoided a decline in GDP, meaning that in 2009 Poland has created the most GDP growth in the EU. As of December 2009 the Polish economy had not entered recession nor even contracted, while its IMF 2010 GDP growth forecast of 1.9 per cent is expected to be upgraded.
Analysts have identified several causes: Extremely low levels of bank lending and a relatively very small mortgage market; the relatively recent dismantling of EU trade barriers and the resulting surge in demand for Polish goods since 2004; the receipt of direct EU funding since 2004; lack of over-dependence on a single export sector; a tradition of government fiscal responsibility; a relatively large internal market; the free-floating Polish zloty; low labour costs attracting continued foreign direct investment; economic difficulties at the start of the decade which prompted austerity measures in advance of the world crisis.
While China, India, and Iran have experienced slowing growth, they have not entered recession.
South Korea narrowly avoided technical recession in the first quarter of 2009. The International Energy Agency stated in mid September that South Korea could be the only large OECD country to avoid recession for the whole of 2009. It was the only developed economy to expand in the first half of 2009.
Australia avoided a technical recession after experiencing only one quarter of negative growth in the fourth quarter of 2008, with GDP returning to positive in the first quarter of 2009.
The financial crisis did not affect developing countries to a great extent. Experts see several reasons: Africa was not affected because it is not integrated in the world market. Latin America and Asia seemed better prepared, since they experienced crisis before. In Latin America for example banking laws and regulations are very stringent. Bruno Wenn of the German DEG even suggests that Western countries could learn from these countries when it comes to regulations of financial markets.
Timeline of effects.
Country specific details about recession timelines.
Iceland fell into an economic depression in 2008 following the collapse of its banking system ("see 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis"). By mid-2012 Iceland is regarded as one of Europe's recovery success stories largely as a result of a currency devaluation that has effectively reduced wages by 50%--making exports more competitive.
The following countries had a recession already starting in the first quarter of 2008: Latvia, Ireland, New Zealand, and Sweden.
The following countries/territories had a recession starting in the second quarter of 2008: Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Italy, Turkey, Germany, United Kingdom, the Eurozone, the European Union, and OECD.
The following countries/territories had a recession starting in the third quarter of 2008: United States, Spain, and Taiwan.
The following countries/territories had a recession starting in the fourth quarter of 2008: Switzerland.
South Korea "miraculously" avoided recession with GDP returning positive at a 0.1% expansion in the first quarter of 2009.
Of the seven largest economies in the world by GDP, only China avoided a recession in 2008. In the year to the third quarter of 2008 China grew by 9%. Until recently Chinese officials considered 8% GDP growth to be required simply to create enough jobs for rural people moving to urban centres. This figure may more accurately be considered to be 5–7% now that the main growth in working population is receding.
Ukraine went into technical depression in January 2009 with a nominal annualised GDP growth of −20%, when comparing on a monthly basis with the GDP level in January 2008. Overall the Ukrainian real GDP fell 14.8% when comparing the entire part of 2009 with 2008. When measured quarter-on-quarter by changes of seasonally adjusted real GDP, Ukraine was more precisely in recession/depression throughout the four quarters from Q2-2008 until Q1-2009 (with respective qoq-changes of: -0.1%, -0.5%, -9.3%, -10.3%), and the two quarters from Q3-2012 until Q4-2012 (with respective qoq-changes of: -1.5% and -0.8%).
Japan was in recovery in the middle of the decade 2000s but slipped back into recession and deflation in 2008. The recession in Japan intensified in the fourth quarter of 2008 with a nominal annualized GDP growth of −12.7% (being equal to the seasonally adjusted real GDP having a quarter-on-quarter change of -3.2%), and deepened further in the first quarter of 2009 with a nominal annualised GDP growth of −15.2% (being equal to the seasonally adjusted real GDP having a quarter-on-quarter change of -4.0%).
Political instability related to the economic crisis.
On February 26, 2009, an Economic Intelligence Briefing was added to the daily intelligence briefings prepared for the President of the United States. This addition reflects the assessment of U.S. intelligence agencies that the global financial crisis presents a serious threat to international stability.
"Business Week" stated in March 2009 that global political instability is rising fast due to the global financial crisis and is creating new challenges that need managing. The Associated Press reported in March 2009 that: United States "Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair has said the economic weakness could lead to political instability in many developing nations." Even some developed countries are seeing political instability. NPR reports that David Gordon, a former intelligence officer who now leads research at the Eurasia Group, said: "Many, if not most, of the big countries out there have room to accommodate economic downturns without having large-scale political instability if we're in a recession of normal length. If you're in a much longer-run downturn, then all bets are off."
Globally, mass protest movements have arisen in many countries as a response to the economic crisis. Additionally, in some countries, riots and even open revolts have occurred in relation to the economic crisis.
In January 2009 the government leaders of Iceland were forced to call elections two years early after the people of Iceland staged mass protests and clashed with the police due to the government's handling of the economy. Hundreds of thousands protested in France against President Sarkozy's economic policies. Prompted by the financial crisis in Latvia, the opposition and trade unions there organised a rally against the cabinet of premier Ivars Godmanis. The rally gathered some 10–20 thousand people. In the evening the rally turned into a Riot. The crowd moved to the building of the parliament and attempted to force their way into it, but were repelled by the state's police. In late February many Greeks took part in a massive general strike because of the economic situation and they shut down schools, airports, and many other services in Greece. Police and protesters clashed in Lithuania where people protesting the economic conditions were shot with rubber bullets. Communists and others rallied in Moscow to protest the Russian government's economic plans.
In addition to various levels of unrest in Europe, Asian countries have also seen various degrees of protest. Protests have also occurred in China as demands from the west for exports have been dramatically reduced and unemployment has increased. Beyond these initial protests, the protest movement has grown and continued in 2011. In late 2011, the Occupy Wall Street protest took place in the United States, spawning several offshoots that came to be known as the Occupy movement.
In 2012 the economic difficulties in Spain have caused support for secession movements to increase. In Catalonia support for the secession movement exceeded 50%, up from 25% in 2010. On September 11, a pro-independence march, which in the past has never drawn more than 50,000 people, pulled in a crowd estimated by city police at 1.5 million.
Policy responses.
The financial phase of the crisis led to emergency interventions in many national financial systems. As the crisis developed into genuine recession in many major economies, economic stimulus meant to revive economic growth became the most common policy tool. After having implemented rescue plans for the banking system, major developed and emerging countries announced plans to relieve their economies. In particular, economic stimulus plans were announced in China, the United States, and the European Union. Bailouts of failing or threatened businesses were carried out or discussed in the USA, the EU, and India. In the final quarter of 2008, the financial crisis saw the G-20 group of major economies assume a new significance as a focus of economic and financial crisis management.
United States policy responses.
The Federal Reserve, Treasury, and Securities and Exchange Commission took several steps on September 19 to intervene in the crisis. To stop the potential run on money market mutual funds, the Treasury also announced on September 19 a new $50 billion program to insure the investments, similar to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) program. Part of the announcements included temporary exceptions to section 23A and 23B (Regulation W), allowing financial groups to more easily share funds within their group. The exceptions would expire on January 30, 2009, unless extended by the Federal Reserve Board. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced termination of short-selling of 799 financial stocks, as well as action against naked short selling, as part of its reaction to the mortgage crisis. In May 2013 as the stock market was hitting record highs and the housing and employment markets were improving slightly the prospect of the Federal Reserve beginning to decrease its economic stimulus activities began to enter the projections of investment analysts and affected global markets.
Asia-Pacific policy responses.
On September 15, 2008, China cut its interest rate for the first time since 2002. Indonesia reduced its overnight repo rate, at which commercial banks can borrow overnight funds from the central bank, by two percentage points to 10.25 percent. The Reserve Bank of Australia injected nearly $1.5 billion into the banking system, nearly three times as much as the market's estimated requirement. The Reserve Bank of India added almost $1.32 billion, through a refinance operation, its biggest in at least a month.
On November 9, 2008, the Chinese economic stimulus program is a RMB¥ 4 trillion ($586 billion) stimulus package announced by the central government of the People's Republic of China in its biggest move to stop the global financial crisis from hitting the world's second largest economy. A statement on the government's website said the State Council had approved a plan to invest 4 trillion yuan ($586 billion) in infrastructure and social welfare by the end of 2010. The stimulus package will be invested in key areas such as housing, rural infrastructure, transportation, health and education, environment, industry, disaster rebuilding, income-building, tax cuts, and finance.
China's export driven economy is starting to feel the impact of the economic slowdown in the United States and Europe, and the government has already cut key interest rates three times in less than two months in a bid to spur economic expansion. On November 28, 2008, the Ministry of Finance of the People's Republic of China and the State Administration of Taxation jointly announced a rise in export tax rebate rates on some labour-intensive goods. These additional tax rebates will take place on December 1, 2008.
The stimulus package was welcomed by world leaders and analysts as larger than expected and a sign that by boosting its own economy, China is helping to stabilise the global economy. News of the announcement of the stimulus package sent markets up across the world. However, Marc Faber claimed that he thought China was still in recession on January 16.
In Taiwan, the central bank on September 16, 2008, said it would cut its required reserve ratios for the first time in eight years. The central bank added $3.59 billion into the foreign-currency interbank market the same day. Bank of Japan pumped $29.3 billion into the financial system on September 17, 2008, and the Reserve Bank of Australia added $3.45 billion the same day.
In developing and emerging economies, responses to the global crisis mainly consisted in low-rates monetary policy (Asia and the Middle East mainly) coupled with the depreciation of the currency against the dollar. There were also stimulus plans in some Asian countries, in the Middle East and in Argentina. In Asia, plans generally amounted to 1 to 3% of GDP, with the notable exception of China, which announced a plan accounting for 16% of GDP (6% of GDP per year).
European policy responses.
Until September 2008, European policy measures were limited to a small number of countries (Spain and Italy). In both countries, the measures were dedicated to households (tax rebates) reform of the taxation system to support specific sectors such as housing. The European Commission proposed a €200 billion stimulus plan to be implemented at the European level by the countries. At the beginning of 2009, the UK and Spain completed their initial plans, while Germany announced a new plan.
On September 29, 2008, the Belgian, Luxembourg and Dutch authorities partially nationalised Fortis. The German government bailed out Hypo Real Estate.
On 8 October 2008 the British Government announced a bank rescue package of around £500 billion ($850 billion at the time). The plan comprises three parts. The first £200 billion would be made in regard to the banks in liquidity stack. The second part will consist of the state government increasing the capital market within the banks. Along with this, £50 billion will be made available if the banks needed it, finally the government will write away any eligible lending between the British banks with a limit to £250 billion.
In early December German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrück indicated a lack of belief in a "Great Rescue Plan" and reluctance to spend more money addressing the crisis. In March 2009, The European Union Presidency confirmed that the EU was at the time strongly resisting the US pressure to increase European budget deficits.
Global responses.
Most political responses to the economic and financial crisis has been taken, as seen above, by individual nations. Some coordination took place at the European level, but the need to cooperate at the global level has led leaders to activate the G-20 major economies entity. A first summit dedicated to the crisis took place, at the Heads of state level in November 2008 (2008 G-20 Washington summit).
The G-20 countries met in a summit held on November 2008 in Washington to address the economic crisis. Apart from proposals on international financial regulation, they pledged to take measures to support their economy and to coordinate them, and refused any resort to protectionism.
Another G-20 summit was held in London on April 2009. Finance ministers and central banks leaders of the G-20 met in Horsham, England, on March to prepare the summit, and pledged to restore global growth as soon as possible. They decided to coordinate their actions and to stimulate demand and employment. They also pledged to fight against all forms of protectionism and to maintain trade and foreign investments.
They also committed to maintain the supply of credit by providing more liquidity and recapitalising the banking system, and to implement rapidly the stimulus plans. As for central bankers, they pledged to maintain low-rates policies as long as necessary. Finally, the leaders decided to help emerging and developing countries, through a strengthening of the IMF.
Policy recommendations.
IMF recommendation.
The IMF stated in September 2010 that the financial crisis would not end without a major decrease in unemployment as hundreds of millions of people were unemployed worldwide. The IMF urged governments to expand social safety nets and to generate job creation even as they are under pressure to cut spending. Governments should also invest in skills training for the unemployed and even governments of countries like Greece with major debt risk should first focus on long-term economic recovery by creating jobs.
Raising interest rates.
The Bank of Israel was the first to raise interest rates after the global recession began. It increased rates in August 2009.
On October 6, 2009, Australia became the first G20 country to raise its main interest rate, with the Reserve Bank of Australia moving rates up from 3.00% to 3.25%.
The Norges Bank of Norway and the Reserve Bank of India raised interest rates in March 2010.
Comparisons with the Great Depression.
On April 17, 2009, the then head of the IMF Dominique Strauss-Kahn said that there was a chance that certain countries may not implement the proper policies to avoid feedback mechanisms that could eventually turn the recession into a depression. "The free-fall in the global economy may be starting to abate, with a recovery emerging in 2010, but this depends crucially on the right policies being adopted today." The IMF pointed out that unlike the Great Depression, this recession was synchronised by global integration of markets. Such synchronized recessions were explained to last longer than typical economic downturns and have slower recoveries.
Olivier Blanchard, IMF Chief Economist, stated that the percentage of workers laid off for long stints has been rising with each downturn for decades but the figures have surged this time. "Long-term unemployment is alarmingly high: in the United States, half the unemployed have been out of work for over six months, something we have not seen since the Great Depression." The IMF also stated that a link between rising inequality within Western economies and deflating demand may exist. The last time that the wealth gap reached such skewed extremes was in 1928–1929.
Concerning unemployment, during the 1980–1982 recession, unemployment peaked at nearly 11% (10.8%) in November 1982 and remained above 10% from September 1982 through June 1983. Unemployment remained over 8% through January 1984 before dipping lower. By contrast, unemployment peaked at 10% in October 2009 for one month, before declining to below 10% after that, although remaining high at above 8% through April 2012. Unemployment numbers at the beginning of both recessions were at similar levels, around 6% in early-1980 and around 5% in early 2008.
In regards to inflation, the 1980–1982 recession inflation rate peaked at 14.76% in March 1980 and remained over 10% through October 1981, before dropping in early to mid-1982. By comparison, inflation during the 2008–2009 recession was practically non-existent, with a peak of nearly 5.6% inflation in July 2008 before dropping to .09% by December 2008. Deflation occurred in 2009, specifically between March–October, “troughing” at negative (-) 2.10% in July 2009 before going positive to 2.72% in December 2009. Inflation remains low, standing at 2.65% as of March 2012.
In a related debilitating category, the Prime Lending Rate (PLR) stood at 20% in early-1980 in order to combat high inflation. The PLR fluctuated somewhat but hit 20% again in late-1980, again in early-1981, and yet again in late-1981, remaining at around 15% through mid-1982 before dropping below 10% by the end of 1982. By contrast, during the 2008–2009 recession the PLR has remained flat at around 1% since late in 2008, practically speaking during the entire period.
Although the banking industry and housing sector were hit hard in the 1980–1982 recession, the housing sector was hit harder in the 2008–2009 recession due to the housing bubble bursting in 2006–2007. This is the only category that is clearly worse in the 2008–2009 recession from a U.S. perspective.
Risks.
Risk of relapse into recession.
As recovery stalled and stagnation set in, several observers warned of the possibility of a second recession. United States observers often cite the recession of 1937–1938 as a model.
In his article “On the Possibilities to Forecast the Current Crisis and its Second Wave” (with Askar Akaev and Andrey Korotayev) in the Russian academic journal “Ekonomicheskaya politika” (December 2010. Issue 6. pp. 39–46 ) the Rector of the Moscow State University Viktor Sadovnichiy published "a forecast of the second wave of the crisis, which suggested that it might start in July — August, 2011". A September 14, 2011 Reuters Poll indicated that economists thought the probability of another recession was at 31%, up from 25% the month before. Since the US economy has not fully recovered from the last recession, any resumption would be considerably more painful.
In the United States, jobs paying between $14 and $21 per hour made up about 60% those lost during the recession, but such mid-wage jobs have comprised only about 27% of jobs gained during the recovery through mid-2012. In contrast, lower-paying jobs constituted about 58% of the jobs regained.

</doc>
<doc id="19337280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337280" title="Roger Lockyer">
Roger Lockyer

Roger Lockyer (born 1928) is an English historian, professor, and writer. He has been a Reader in History at Royal Holloway, University of London, from which he is now retired. He specializes in research and writing on the Tudor (1471-1603) and Stuart (1603-1714) periods.
Major works.
The first edition of this book, covering the period from 1471-1714, was published in 1964, and a second edition appeared in 1985. This work is considered a standard reference for this period in English history, covering the full range of Tudor and Stuart rulers.
James I was the first Stuart king of England.
George Villiers was a favourite of King James I.
Marries longtime gay partner.
Lockyer married his gay partner of 39 years, Percy Steven, on December 21, 2005, at Westminster Register House.

</doc>
<doc id="19337281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337281" title="Adam Pease">
Adam Pease

Adam Pease is an American computer scientist doing research in 
Ontology (information science) and Formal reasoning.
He is best known as the Technical Editor of the Suggested Upper Merged Ontology (SUMO) upper ontology
intended as a foundation ontology for a variety of computer information processing systems.
His works include mapping SUMO to the WordNet semantic lexicon, and also the 
Sigma knowledge engineering environment for the development 
of formal ontologies. He has been a co-organizer of the SUMO $100 Challenges, the Annual SUMO Reasoning Prizes at CASC, and the Annual SUMO Prize, sponsored by his company Articulate Software. Adam Pease is an author of many ontology-related publications, his work on SUMO has been cited in thousands of publications.

</doc>
<doc id="19337286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337286" title="Typhoon Angela (1995)">
Typhoon Angela (1995)

Super Typhoon Angela was a very powerful Category 5 typhoon with sustained winds.
Angela caused 9.33 billion Philippine pesos (1995 pesos) in damage across the Philippines, resulting in 882 fatalities. It was the strongest typhoon to hit the Philippines in 25 years.
Storm history.
The monsoon trough that developed also Yvette and Zack spawned another tropical depression on October 25 in conjunction with a tropical disturbance that originated in the Marshall Islands. It moved to the west, organizing very slowly to become a tropical storm on October 26. Two days later Angela became a typhoon, and from the October 31 to November 1 Angela rapidly intensified to a super typhoon, while Japan Meteorological Agency reported that it had reached its peak wind speeds of . It maintained that intensity as it moved westward, hitting the Philippines on November 2 as a slightly weaker typhoon. Angela continued to the west-northwest, where upper level winds caused it to dissipate on November 7 over the Gulf of Tonkin.
Impact, records, and retirement.
More than 900 people perished due to the catastrophic typhoon. It wreaked havoc over Metro Manila, Calabarzon Region and Bicol Region. Initially it caused 9.33 billion pesos of damage, but later on it grew into 10.829 billion pesos.
Throughout the affected area, more than 96,000 houses were destroyed, along with bridges and roads. The worst impact was in the Southern Bicol Region. Angela passed almost right over Manila, causing a significant impact both there and in Catanduanes. In Calauag, storm surge and flooding from a dam failure killed 121 people. In nearby Paracale, mudslides killed more than a hundred people. Power outages affected one third of the country.
Angela's 872 mbar pressure reading makes it one of the strongest typhoons on record. While this is low by the standards of any sea-level location, it is still behind Typhoon Tip, the most intense tropical cyclone ever recorded. However, Angela is an unofficial contender for world's most intense tropical cyclone. In a study utilizing the Dvorak technique for analysis of post-1987 typhoons, the authors concluded that Angela, Typhoon Megi and 1992's Gay were higher on the scale than Tip. The authors also thought that Angela might have been slightly more intense than Gay, and hence Tip.
Angela was the strongest typhoon to hit the Philippines since 1970's Joan.
On a weather observatory on Catanduanes reported winds of . This makes it the typhoon with third-highest windspeeds recorded in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19337287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337287" title="Leonatus">
Leonatus

Leonatus (foaled in 1880 in Kentucky, died 1898) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Leonatus was the son of Uncle John Harper's great racer and sire, Longfellow, himself the son of the imported English stud, the great Leamington. Leonatus' dam was the Daniel Swigert-bred Semper Felix, whose dam was by the greatest of all nineteenth-century American foundation stallions, Lexington, himself by Boston.
Purchased by the partnership of George Martin and Jack Chinn, and thereafter stabled in Mercer County, Kentucky, Leonatus was trained by the African American horseman Raleigh "Rolla" Colston as well as by John McGinty. 
Leonatus raced in a new world of English "dash" races on the kind of racetracks we recognize today. 
Racing career.
Racing only once as juvenile, his losing effort was a second place. As a three-year-old, Leonatus won ten stakes, all in either Kentucky or Illinois within the space of 49 days. Although there were no official awards given until 1936, this saw him retrospectively regarded as the American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse of 1883.
Winning the 1883 Kentucky Derby (run that year on May 23) was an accomplishment, but it did not hold the caché it does today. Leonatus took only the ninth running of the race but there were still quite a few years to go before the Derby was the plum of the racing season. Carrying 105 pounds and the 2-1 favorite, Leonatus was piloted by William "Billy" Donohue, the jockey who'd ridden Sligo in the 1881 Derby, coming in fourth. Running in mud on a clear cold day, Leonatus was up against the colt, Drake Carter, trained by Green B. Morris who hoped to take his second consecutive Derby (he'd won with Apollo in 1882). Drake Carter leaped into the lead but Leonatus caught him at a quarter of a mile. A quarter of a mile farther on, Leonatus was ahead by three lengths. In the homestretch, Lord Raglan made a strong bid, but though it carried him forward, he tired. Leonatus won over Drake Carter by that same three lengths. For his Derby, Leonatus collected $3,760.
Leonatus distinguished himself by eating the presentation roses. (Blankets of roses were not recorded being draped over the winning horse until 1896 when Ben Brush wore them.)
Stud record.
He was retired to stud at Runnymede Farm near Paris, Kentucky. Leonatus remained there until he was eighteen years old, dying in 1898. Before that day he proved a fine sire, producing the 1898 American Derby winner Pink Coat and 1898 Suburban Handicap winner Tillo. Leonatus lies in an unmarked grave on a bend of the Elkhorn Creek that runs through Runnymeade Farm. Near him lies Hindoo, Billet, and Sir Dixon.

</doc>
<doc id="19337307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337307" title="Kurt Reynolds">
Kurt Reynolds

Kurt Reynolds (born 31 October 1986 in Basingstoke) is a British professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Basingstoke Bison in the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Reynolds began his hockey career in his native England in Guildford playing for their various teams. In 2003, Reynolds moved to the United States, playing for the Soo Indians. After spending time with the Great Britain under 18 team, and playing in the World Junior Hockey Championship, Reynolds moved to the Atlantic Junior Hockey League with the Hartford Jr. Wolfpack in a two-year spell. In 2007, Reynolds returned to the UK with the Bracknell Bees of the English Premier Ice Hockey League. He also played two games in the Elite League with the Nottingham Panthers. In 2008, Reynolds signed with the Elite League's Basingstoke Bison.

</doc>
<doc id="19337310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337310" title="Rodent">
Rodent

Rodents are mammals of the order Rodentia, characterised by a single pair of continuously growing incisors in each of the upper and lower jaws that must be kept short by gnawing.
About 40% of mammal species are rodents, and they are found in vast numbers on all continents other than Antarctica. Common rodents include mice, rats, squirrels, porcupines, beavers, guinea pigs, and hamsters. Rodents use their sharp incisors to gnaw wood, break into food, and bite predators. Most rodents eat seeds or plants, though some have more varied diets. Some species have historically been pests, eating seeds stored by people and spreading disease.
Size and range of order.
In terms of number of species—although not necessarily in terms of number of organisms (population) or biomass—rodents make up the largest order of mammals. With about 2,277 species of rodents, over 40% of mammalian species belong to the order. Their success is probably due to their small size, short breeding cycle, and ability to gnaw and eat a wide variety of foods.
Rodents are found in vast numbers on all continents except Antarctica, most islands, and in all habitats except oceans. They are the only placental order besides bats and pinnipeds to have reached Australia without human introduction. Members of non-rodent orders, such as Chiroptera (bats), Scandentia (treeshrews), Soricomorpha (shrews and moles), Lagomorpha (hares, rabbits and pikas), and mustelid carnivores, such as weasels and mink, are sometimes confused with rodents.
Characteristics.
Dentition.
Typical rodent incisors grow continuously and must be kept worn down by gnawing. Their anterior and lateral surfaces are covered with enamel, but the posterior surface is exposed dentine. During gnawing, the incisors grind against each other, wearing away the softer dentine, leaving the enamel edge like the blade of a chisel. This ‘self-sharpening’ system is very effective and is one of the keys to the enormous success of rodents. Rodents lack canines, and have a diastema between their incisors and premolars. Their incisors are highly versatile and can be used for a range of functions, such as cutting wood, biting through the skin of fruit, prey capture, or defense, depending on the species. Nearly all rodents feed on plants, seeds in particular, but a number of species eat insects (grasshopper mouse, "Onychomys leucogaster") or fish (fish-eating rats, Ichthyomyini). Some squirrels are known to eat passerine birds, such as cardinals and blue jays. One species, "Paucidentomys vermidax", feeds primarily on worms and lacks the ability to gnaw or even chew, possessing bladelike, forked upper incisors and no molars.
Ecology and use by humans.
Rodents are important in many ecosystems because they reproduce rapidly, and can function as food sources for predators, mechanisms for seed dispersal, and disease vectors. Humans use rodents as a source of fur, as pets, as model organisms in animal testing, for food, and even for detecting land mines. Due to the wide diversity of their characteristics, some of which are considered uncommon or unique amongst mammals, rodents are used widely in research. For example, the naked mole rat, "Heterocephalus glaber," is the only known mammal that is poikilothermic and also does not produce the neurotransmitter substance P; it is therefore used in studies on thermoregulation and pain.
Evolution and history.
The fossil record of rodent-like mammals begins shortly after the extinction of the non-avian dinosaurs 66 million years ago, as early as the Paleocene. Some molecular clock data, however, suggest modern rodents (members of the order Rodentia) had appeared in the late Cretaceous, although other molecular divergence estimations are in agreement with the fossil record. By the end of the Eocene epoch, relatives of beavers, dormice, squirrels, and other groups appeared in the fossil record. They originated in Laurasia, the supercontinent composed of today's North America, Europe, and Asia. Some species colonized Africa, giving rise to the earliest hystricognaths. From Africa, hystricognaths rafted to South America, an isolated continent during the Oligocene and Miocene epochs. By the Miocene, Africa collided with Asia, allowing rodents, such as porcupines, to spread into Eurasia. During the Pliocene, rodent fossils appeared in Australia. Although marsupials are the most prominent mammals in Australia, rodents now make up almost 25% of the continent's mammal species. Meanwhile, the Americas became joined by the Isthmus of Panama, and some rodents participated in the resulting Great American Interchange; sigmodontines surged southward and caviomorphs headed north.
Classification.
Standard classification.
The rodents are part of the clades Glires (along with lagomorphs), Euarchontoglires (along with lagomorphs, primates, treeshrews, and colugos), and Boreoeutheria (along with most other placental mammals). The order Rodentia may be divided into suborders, infraorders, superfamilies and families.
Classification scheme:
Order Rodentia (from Latin, "rodere", to gnaw)
Alternative classifications.
The above taxonomy uses the shape of the lower jaw (sciurognath or hystricognath) as the primary character. This is the most commonly used approach for dividing the order into suborders. Many older references emphasize the zygomasseteric system (suborders Protrogomorpha, Sciuromorpha, Hystricomorpha, and Myomorpha).
Several molecular phylogenetic studies have used gene sequences to determine the relationships among rodents, but these studies have yet to produce a single, consistent and well-supported taxonomy. Some clades have been consistently produced, such as:
The positions of the Castoridae, Geomyoidea, Anomaluridae, and Pedetidae are still being debated.
Monophyly versus polyphyly.
In 1991, a paper published by "Nature" proposed that caviomorphs should be reclassified as a separate order (similar to Lagomorpha), based on an analysis of the amino acid sequences of Guinea pig proteins. This hypothesis was refined in a 1992 paper, which asserted the possibility that caviomorphs may have diverged from myomorphs prior to later divergences of Myomorpha; this would mean caviomorphs, or possibly hystricomorphs, would be moved out of the rodent classification into a separate order. A minority scientific opinion exists that argues that guinea pigs, degus, and other caviomorphs are not rodents, while several papers were put forward in support of rodent monophyly. Subsequent studies published since 2002, using wider taxon and gene samples, have restored a majority opinion among mammalian biologists that the order Rodentia is monophyletic, although there is not a complete consensus.

</doc>
<doc id="19337324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337324" title="List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession">
List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession

This is a list of financial institutions that have been affected by the Great Recession. The list includes banks (including commercial banks and investment banks), building societies and insurance companies that have either been:
In the United States, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) may assume deposits of banks or allow other banks to assume them. The largest banks to be acquired have been the presumed Merrill Lynch acquisition by Bank of America, the Bear Stearns acquisition by JPMorgan Chase, and the Countrywide Financial acquisition also by Bank of America. IndyMac Bank was also a large bank that was changed into a bridge bank by the FDIC, after its failure, until the funds can be disposed of. In addition, the investment bank Lehman Brothers has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
In the United Kingdom, Her Majesty's Treasury has the power to acquire failing banks under the Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008. Using powers granted by this Act, Her Majesty's Treasury acquired the shareholdings of both Northern Rock and the Bradford & Bingley; and transferred the savings accounts of failed Icelandic banks to ING Direct. Anti-terrorism legislation has been used to seize assets of the Icelandic banks, the Government of Iceland and the Icelandic central bank in the UK.
British banking rescue scheme.
Her Majesty's Government announced a scheme to acquire stakes in 3 of the largest UK banks. The schemes for HBOS and Lloyds TSB were conditional on the merger between the 2 banking groups going ahead.
Failures.
United Kingdom.
Banks that have been put into administration; or the assets have been transferred to another bank under the provisions of the Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008. Building Societies (or parts thereof) placed into administration under the Building Society Special Administration Procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="19337331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337331" title="Ecuador TV">
Ecuador TV

Ecuador TV is the public service channel of Ecuador established in October 2007 thanks to a provision of non-reimbursable funds of $5 million of the Economic and Social Development Bank of Venezuela (BANDES by its Spanish acronym).
The channel was established at the same time as the installation of the Ecuadorian Constituent Assembly so that the sessions could be transmitted live to all the country.
Programming.
The channel transmits content by independent national and international producers and documentaries and news programs from several international producing properties such as Discovery, TVE, BBC, Deutsche Welle, Voice of America, ViVe and teleSUR.
The channel operates as a public service company and broadcasts news and opinion content from several countries, including the United States. The Venezuelan government described its monetary contribution to the creation of the channel as "a caring and selfless contribution of Venezuela as part of the policy of international cooperation in the region that drives the government of President Hugo Chávez".

</doc>
<doc id="19337342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337342" title="Henry Pelham-Clinton">
Henry Pelham-Clinton

Henry Pelham-Clinton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19337346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337346" title="Neapoli Stadium (Athens)">
Neapoli Stadium (Athens)

Neapoli Stadium is football stadium in Nikea, a western district of Athens. 
The stadium was completed in 1965, and currently has a seating capacity of about 5,000.
The stadium is mostly used for football matches and is the home field for Ionikos F.C..
Record attendance is 6,565 for a match against Olympiacos F.C. in 1990.
On June 13, 2009, it was also used as the field for the Rugby Sevens' finals of the Hellenic Rugby Federation.
Rangers Members Club.
While Ionikos was competing in the lower divisions there were two main supporters' groups—the Association of Ionikos Nikaias Supporters and the Fan Club of Agios Georgios.
The fans in Gate 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19337374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337374" title="Michael Lucas (director)">
Michael Lucas (director)

Michael Lucas (born Andrei Lvovich Treivas (), March 10, 1972, Moscow, Russian SFSR) is an American-Russian-Israeli gay pornographic actor, director, activist, writer and the founder/CEO of Lucas Entertainment, New York's largest gay-adult-film company. He is a columnist for "The Advocate", Huffington Post and "Pink News".
The "New Republic" dubbed Lucas "Gay Porn's Neocon Kingpin", and "FrontPage Magazine" cited him as "the most mainstreamed, provocative, and controversial figure in gay adult entertainment today." He contends that his film "Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita" is the most expensive gay porn film ever made, with a budget of $250,000 and multiple celebrity cameos. In 2009, Lucas was inducted into the GayVN Hall of Fame, noted for "his stature as an A-list director and performer". He was included in a 2009 "New York" magazine feature about people who made it to the top, but arrived to the city with very little.
Lucas is particularly well known for his activism and outspokenness. His criticism of drug use and his sponsorship of public service ad campaigns about the dangers of unprotected sex in the gay community led Harvey Fierstein to interview him for "The Advocate". His "New York Blade" columns on Ultra-Orthodox Judaism and Islam sparked a campus debate at Stanford University in February 2008 when Lucas was invited to give a speech to students. In 2010 he debated Peter Tatchell and Sue Sanders at England's Oxford University on whether the gay rights movement has undermined family values.
In 2009, Lucas released the film "Men of Israel", which he called his most important. Journalists from "The Atlantic", "Out Magazine" and "Yediot Aharonot" noted it as a landmark film as the first pornographic movie shot on location with an all-Israeli cast; while "Tablet Magazine" and the "Los Angeles Times" remarked on it being the first to feature an all-Jewish cast. Lucas followed the film with a gay tour of Israel. New York's LGBT Center stopped allowing groups associated with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to meet in their building after Lucas led a protest over their allowance of an anti-Israel group.
In 2012, he released his first documentary film about the thriving Israeli LGBT community. Titled "", the film includes footage of Tel Aviv's vibrant nightlife, a same-sex wedding, and candid interviews with a diverse range of local Israeli gays and lesbians, including a gay MP, an openly gay Army trainer, a drag queen, a transvestite, a young Arab-Israeli journalist, and same-sex parents raising their children and a number of artists and activists.
Background.
Lucas was born in 1972 in Moscow, Russia, to Lev Bregman, an engineer, and Elena Treivas, a Russian literature teacher. He was raised in a secular Jewish family. In 1994 he obtained a degree in law from Moscow State Law Academy. After graduation, Lucas briefly owned and operated a travel agency until 1995, when he left Russia for Munich, Germany, before settling in France for the next two years. In 1997, Lucas moved to New York City.
On November 12, 2004, Lucas was sworn in as an American citizen. In October 2008 it was announced that Lucas had married his boyfriend of eight years, Richard Winger. A press release stated that the couple wanted to get married to make a statement about same-sex marriage rights.
Career.
Actor.
Lucas began his career in a German heterosexual pornographic film. While in France, he worked under the influential French director Jean-Daniel Cadinot, appearing as "Ramzes Kairoff" in two gay pornographic films, both released in 1996. Using the name "Michel Lucas," he worked as a Falcon Exclusive, performing as a top in five films released in 1997 and 1998.
Director.
He directed his first project, "Back in the Saddle", in 1998, and also performed in the film. With co-director Tony DiMarco, Lucas won Best Director at the 2007 GayVN Awards for "Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita". DiMarco and Lucas also won a 2008 XBIZ Award for Best GLBT Director, and Lucas received an award for Best Publicity Stunt for "Michael Lucas Found Dead".
The "Banana Guide" called his productions the most polished, big-budget gay porn films ever made and cited Lucas' love for the subject and high technical aptitude.
Lucas Entertainment.
In 1998 Lucas founded his own production company, Lucas Entertainment, with money he earned from working as a male escort. He based the company in New York City (rather than Los Angeles, where many of the other pornography studios are located in part because of the city's hospitable environment for adult films.) In 2004, Lucas Distribution, Inc., his adult video distribution company, began operations. Lucas directs, produces and stars in his own films under the Lucas Entertainment banner. His studio has garnered many GayVN Awards and Adult Erotic Gay Video Awards ("Grabbys") nominations and wins.
In the summer of 2005 Lucas released "Michael Lucas' Dangerous Liaisons"; the film featured celebrity cameos from RuPaul, Boy George, Graham Norton, Bruce Vilanch, Lady Bunny, Amanda Lepore, and Michael Musto.
The company received 24 nominations for the 2009 GayVN Awards, including best picture for "Return to Fire Island". That May, Lucas filmed the first gay porn film using all Israeli models, billing it as a sexual journey to promote Israeli culture. The company launched its "Men of Israel" website to promote the film, which announced its release for July 22.
Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita.
In 2006, the studio released "Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita Parts 1 & 2", a gay pornographic remake of the 1960 Fellini classic "La Dolce Vita". The film won a record fourteen awards at the 2007 GayVN Awards, winning in every category in which it was nominated.
In February 2007, International Media Films, Inc., which owns the rights to Fellini's "La Dolce Vita", filed suit against Lucas (as Andrei Treivas Bregman), Lucas Entertainment, Inc., and Lucas Distribution, Inc. for trademark and copyright infringement. The lawsuit seeks to collect unspecified damages and to stop sales of "Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita Parts 1 & 2".
Lucas won the lawsuit in April 2010 in a summary judgment by Judge John George Koeltl, who dismissed IMF's claims of copyright infringement, since many porn films have parodied mainstream films.
Writer, speaker and activist.
In the 2000s, Lucas attracted attention for his views on politics and culture through a series of columns, speaking events and his increasing activism. He is a vocal opponent of drug use and an advocate for safe sex, both in the porn industry and the gay community at large. In August 2004, "The Advocate" published an interview by Harvey Fierstein with Lucas about his full-page public service announcements in several national publications warning of the dangers of unprotected sex. 
Increasingly Lucas gained attention for his politics, and in particular his views on Israel and Muslims. In March 2008 he was profiled in "The New Republic" as "Gay porn's neocon kingpin". The article explored his background and a controversy over his writings on Islam that surrounded a lecture he gave at Stanford University. 
In an interview with Michael Musto in April 2009, Lucas remarked that his stifled upbringing in Soviet Russia influenced how vocal he is about his opinions.
Lucas wrote about the need for LGBT people to reassess conservatives in August 2010, citing Ann Coulter as an example of a gay-friendly conservative leader. One month later he attended the GOProud 2010 convention, where he argued with Coulter about the perception of her anti-gay jokes among the Republican Party's base voters.
Columnist.
On April 20, 2007, "The New York Blade" began to publish regular opinion columns by Lucas, who had previously had a number of comments published in the Blade's opinion section. In October 2009, Lucas wrote a column for "The Advocate" decrying the group Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism. In March 2010 Lucas began writing a column for "The Advocate". His columns have focused on Israel, Russia's confronting homosexuality, and the Park51 controversy. In 2011 he started writing a column for Huffington Post.
Islam.
His writings on Islam have been controversial. In a 2007 "New York Blade" column, Lucas expressed support for artist Charles Merrill's burning of a Koran that was estimated at $60,000. He has condemned Islam and accused it of creating negative attitudes that lead to the persecution of homosexuals. Lucas's Islamophobia led him write articles and quotes that offended millions of Muslims worldwide. His views greatly upset Muslims and Orthodox Jews worldwide.
As a columnist for "The Advocate", Lucas continued to explore Islamic topics. In a heavily-debated column, he called the Cordoba House, a proposed Islamic community center and mosque controversially located near the World Trade Center site, a 'monument to Muslim terrorism' and an example of "political Islam's ascendancy." After the 2011 Egyptian revolution he wrote that the Muslim Brotherhood would fill a power vacuum, asserting that it would be a problem for the discreet Egyptian gay community that has lived with relatively little government persecution.
University lectures.
In April 2005, Lucas was invited to speak before a Calhoun College Master's Tea at Yale University's. The speech was organized with the assistance of gaYalies, a campus group for gay and bisexual men. He spoke about his life history and his views on pornography. In February 2006 he participated in a symposium on adult entertainment that was sponsored by the "Yale Journal of Law and Feminism", which later published Lucas' discussion in its Spring issue.
The Speakers Bureau at Stanford University invited Lucas to speak in Cubberley Auditorium on February 14, 2008, about the role the adult entertainment industry plays in AIDS prevention. The appearance sparked debate about his political columns for the "New York Blade", particularly his assertions that "the Qur'an is today’s "Mein Kampf"" and that its teachings inspire Muslims to kill gay people.
Lucas, who grew up in the Soviet Union and experienced its antisemitism, was on a panel at The New School on the state of gay rights and acceptability in Eastern Europe.
Activism.
Israel.
The core of Lucas' worldview is his Jewish identity, and particularly his deep affinity for the state of Israel. His time growing up in the Soviet Union, which was notorious for its antisemitism, meant that like many Russian Jews, Lucas had to repress his identity. Lucas has claimed that he was given his mother's maiden name at birth specifically because Treivas sounded less Jewish than his father's surname Bregman.
Hezbollah's attacks in the 2006 Lebanon war affected Lucas, who in the midst of the fighting announced his plans to go to Israel to entertain gay soldiers (who are allowed to serve openly in the military). Lucas received a positive response to the trip; however, some religious segments of Israeli society had expressed less enthusiasm for the arrival of a gay porn magnate. In an article, "Lucas responds," Lucas characterized some of the reaction as homophobic and in an interview said, "Israel is my country as much as it is yours. To come to Israel is my birthright." In September 2009 Lucas was granted Israeli citizenship.
The next summer in a "New York Blade" column Lucas brought up his disapproval of Haredi Judaism in Israel once again. In "Trouble With Ultra-Orthodox," Lucas referred to the Ultra-Orthodox community in Jerusalem as "religious goons" and parasites for his belief that they take advantage of state welfare programs.
New York LGBT Community Center controversy.
In February 2011, Lucas created a controversy over a pro-Palestinian group that planned to hold a meeting at New York's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center. The group, Siegebusters, had planned to hold a fundraising party on March 5 at the Center to help fund another vessel to break the Israeli naval blockade of Gaza, as well as to train activists. Lucas protested and claimed that Israel is the only gay-friendly country in the Middle East, that the group was anti-Semitic, and that LGBT people in the Palestinian territories are tortured and killed. After Lucas's calls for a boycott, the Center backed down and decided that Siegebusters was not an LGBT-related group, and so they should not use their space for the Israeli Apartheid Week event. Siegebusters protested the decision by organizing an online petition; Lucas told "The Jerusalem Post" that his success with the event's cancellation was a "landmark moment" in his life.
The controversy arose again in May 2011 after the Center agreed to let the group Queers Against Israeli Apartheid meet in their building, triggering Lucas to again call for a boycott and an end to the Center's funding. In a statement defending the move, the Center said that it "provides space for a variety of LGBT voices in our community to engage in conversations on a range of topics." In a press release, Lucas responded that the Center had become an accomplice of an "anti-Semitic hate group whose goal is the destruction of the Jewish state of Israel". And in the beginning of June 2011, the Center decided to place a "moratorium" on renting space to "groups that organize around the Israeli-Palestinian conflict."
In popular culture.
Lucas appeared in Timothy Greenfield-Sanders' 2004 book "XXX: 30 Porn Star Photographs"
and the accompanying HBO documentary "Thinking XXX".
Greenfield-Sanders asked Lucas for a list of his 10 favorite films; the 10 films he listed are all films from his own production company. In May 2007, Kensington Books published a biography of Lucas titled "Naked: The Life and Times of Michael Lucas". Lucas asserts the book was published without his involvement or approval.
Filmography.
A complete list of film performance and model credits can be found at Lucas Entertainment.com, including those directed, written or produced by Lucas.

</doc>
<doc id="19337379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337379" title="Metsuo">
Metsuo

Metsuo are a British electronic band founded by Stephen French and Paul Stoney.
Metsuo's debut EP, "A Small Box", was released on iTunes on May 7, 2007.
Four of their songs appeared on the 20th Century Fox film "Max Payne", four of which featured on their October released mini album "Poland Mirrors". "Poland Mirrors" was released on October 17.

</doc>
<doc id="19337381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337381" title="The Gadget (novel)">
The Gadget (novel)

The Gadget is a young adult historical novel written by Paul Zindel published in 2001 by Random House. It tells the story of a 13 year old boy named Stephen Orr, whose father is a physicist working on a covert project to develop the atomic bomb.
Plot.
in 1945 13-year-old Stephen Orr has just reached the gates of the top secret military base in Los Alamos, New Mexico. He has come to join his father, a physicist working on making an atomic bomb. Though his father is forbidden to discuss the project in any detail, Stephen can tell by his haunted eyes and shaking hands how worried he and the other scientists are. After a few weeks, Stephen finds that he cannot control his insatiable curiosity. Enlisting the help of his new friend Alexei, Stephen devises a plan to discover the true nature of "the gadget." But when he finally learns what it is, he also realizes another startling truth—that he has trusted the wrong person with the information and not only his life, but the lives of all Americans, could be in terrible danger.

</doc>
<doc id="19337408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337408" title="Arabis aculeolata">
Arabis aculeolata

Arabis aculeolata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Waldo rockcress. It is native to a small range in the mountains of southern Oregon and northern California, where it is an uncommon member of the serpentine soils flora. This is a perennial herb growing from a tough caudex covered in large hairs and the bases of leaves shed in previous seasons. It produces one or more erect stems to heights between 20 and 35 centimeters. The stems are dark in color, often reddish or purplish, and are coated in stiff white hairs. The leaves form a basal rosette about the caudex. They are oval-shaped, green in color and sparsely covered in coarse white hairs, up to 4 centimeters long, and with smooth or wavy edges. Leaves located farther up the stem are smaller. The flowers have dark purple sepals and lighter purple petals. The fruit is a long, thin, erect silique up to 6.5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="19337418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337418" title="Fleshlight">
Fleshlight

The Fleshlight is a brand of sex toys designed for penetration and marketed primarily to heterosexual men. The Fleshlight is designed and marketed by Interactive Life Forms (ILF). The Fleshlight is named for the flesh-like material used in its inner sleeve, as well as the plastic case that houses the sleeve, which is fashioned to look like an oversized flashlight. The inner sleeve is available with vulva, anus, and mouth orifices.
The inner sleeves come in colors of flesh (from a variety of ethnicities) and ice/crystal (see-through), as well as a limited edition blue color for an "Avatar"-like look, and 48 different internal textures (6 original, 19 girls, 10 special, 5 Sex-in-a-Can and 12 boys textures). The Fleshlight was designed by Steve Shubin. He was granted a patent in 1998 for his invention, as a "device for discreet sperm collection". It was also designed to be a safer alternative to real sex, considering STDs and pregnancy.
Fleshlight Girls.
The "Fleshlight Girls" brand consists of custom-molded masturbation sleeves molded from the bodies of popular pornstars. These are made from exact molds of the star's vulva, mouth, or anus. Current Fleshlight Girls are Asa Akira, Joanna Angel, Lisa Ann, Tori Black, Jessica Drake, Nina Hartley, Jenna Haze, Jenna Jameson, Jesse Jane, Bibi Jones, Katsuni, Kayden Kross, Christy Mack, Tera Patrick, Teagan Presley, Riley Steele, Misty Stone, Stoya, Alexis Texas.
Fleshjack by Fleshlight.
Fleshjack is the gay spinoff of Fleshlight.com The Fleshjack site caters specifically to gay customers. The site is designed to appeal to the gay market, with popular male models featured in photos and video clips. Fleshjack Boys is a custom-molded line of masturbation devices and dildos from the bodies of popular gay porn stars; current models include Jack Bass, Chris Rockway, Spenser Reed, Nicco Sky, Donny Wright, Brent Corrigan, Brent Everett, Pierre Fitch, Austin Wilde, and models from Bel Ami and Next Door Studios.
The Fleshjack marketing team attributes the product's success to its placement in video clips at sites such as Fratmen.
Material.
The Fleshlight is stated to be made of medical and food grade, phthalate-free polymers. According to the Fleshlight web site, the insert material is called "Real Feel Superskin" and is not made from latex, plastic, or silicone. The Fleshlight FAQ claims the material is "a company secret covered by a series of US patents", but according to the public patent, the material is an elastomeric gel being formed from a mixture of 90–94% by weight of plasticizing oil and of 5–9% by weight of a block copolymer comprising an admixture of a styrene ethylene butylene styrene block copolymer and a styrene ethylene propylene styrene block copolymer combined in a ratio of 1:5 to 5:1. 

</doc>
<doc id="19337434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337434" title="Gardi, Georgia">
Gardi, Georgia

Gardi is a small community on the outskirts of Jesup, Georgia, in the United States. Its population is around 200 and is growing rapidly.

</doc>
<doc id="19337442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337442" title="Kathoey">
Kathoey

Kathoey or katoey (; ) is a Thai term that refers to either a transgender woman or an effeminate gay male in Thailand. While a significant number of Thais perceive kathoeys as belonging to a third gender, including many kathoeys themselves, others see them as either a kind of man or a kind of woman. Related phrases include "sao (or phuying) praphet song" (,"a second kind of woman") and "phet thi sam" (, "third gender"). The word kathoey is of Khmer origin. It is most often rendered as ladyboy or lady boy in English conversation with Thais and this latter expression has become popular across South East Asia.
General description.
The term "kathoey" is not an equivalent of the modern Western transsexual woman. Use of the term "kathoey" suggests that the person self-identifies as a type of male, in contrast to "sao praphet song" (which like "trans woman" suggests a "female" gender identity) or "phet thi sam" (which suggests a third gender). The term "phu-ying praphet thi sorng", which can be translated as "woman of the second kind", is also used to refer to kathoey. Australian scholar of sexual politics in Thailand Peter Jackson claims that the term "kathoey" was used in premodern times to refer to intersex people, and that the usage changed in the middle of the twentieth century to cover cross-dressing males. The term can refer to males who exhibit varying degrees of femininity – many kathoeys dress as women and undergo "feminising" medical procedures such as breast implants, hormones, silicone injections, or Adam's apple reductions. Others may wear makeup and use feminine pronouns, but dress as men, and are closer to the Western category of effeminate gay man than transgender.
The term "kathoey" may be considered pejorative, especially in the form "kathoey-saloey". It has a meaning similar to the English language "fairy" or "queen".
Social context.
Kathoey work in predominately female occupations, such as in shops, restaurants and beauty salons, but also in factories (a reflection of Thailand's high proportion of female industrial workers). Kathoey also work in entertainment and tourist centers, in cabarets and as sex workers. Kathoey sex workers have high rates of HIV.
Kathoeys are more visible and more accepted in Thai culture than transgender or transsexual people are in Western countries or the Indian subcontinent. Several popular Thai models, singers and movie stars are kathoeys, and Thai newspapers often print photos of the winners of female and kathoey beauty contests side by side. The phenomenon is not restricted to urban areas; there are kathoeys in most villages, and kathoey beauty contests are commonly held as part of local fairs.
Using the notion of Karma, some Thai believe that being a kathoey is the result of transgressions in past lives, concluding that kathoey deserve pity rather than blame.
A common stereotype is that older well-off kathoey provide financial support to young men with whom they are in a personal relationship.
Kathoeys currently face many social and legal impediments. Families (and especially fathers) are typically disappointed if a son becomes a kathoey, and kathoeys often have to face the prospect of coming out. However, kathoey generally have greater acceptance in Thailand than most other Asian countries. Legal recognition of kathoeys and transsexuals is non-existent in Thailand: even if transsexuals have had genital reassignment surgery, they are not allowed to change their legal sex. Discrimination in employment remains rampant. Issues can also arise in regards to access to amenities and gender allocation; for example, a kathoey and a transsexual who has undergone sexual reassignment surgery would still have to stay in an all-male prison.
Recent developments.
In 1993, Thailand's teacher training colleges had implemented a semi-formal ban on allowing homosexual (which included kathoey) students enrolling in courses leading to qualification for positions in kindergartens and primary schools. In January 1997, the Rajabhat Institutes (the governing body of the colleges) announced it would formalize the ban, which would extend to all campuses at the start of the 1997 academic year. The ban was quietly rescinded later in the year, following the replacement of the Minister of Education.
In 1996, a volleyball team composed mostly of gays and kathoeys, known as "The Iron Ladies" (, "satree lek"), later portrayed in two Thai movies, won the Thai national championship. The Thai government, concerned with the country's image, barred two of the kathoeys from joining the national team and competing internationally.
Among the most famous kathoeys in Thailand is Nong Tum, a former champion Thai boxer who emerged into the public eye in 1998. She would present in a feminine manner and had commenced hormone therapy while still a popular boxer; she would enter the ring with long hair and makeup, occasionally kissing a defeated opponent. She announced her retirement from professional boxing in 1999 – undergoing genital reassignment surgery, while continuing to work as a coach, and taking up acting and modeling. She returned to boxing in 2006.
In 2004, the Chiang Mai Technology School allocated a separate restroom for kathoeys, with an intertwined male and female symbol on the door. The 15 kathoey students are required to wear male clothing at school but are allowed to sport feminine hairdos. The restroom features four stalls, but no urinals.
Following the 2006 Thai coup d'état, kathoeys are hoping for a new third sex to be added to passports and other official documents in a proposed new constitution. In 2007, legislative efforts have begun to allow kathoeys to change their legal sex if they have undergone genital reassignment surgery; this latter restriction was controversially discussed in the community.
Bell Nuntita, a contestant of "Thailand's Got Talent" TV shows, became a YouTube hit when she first performed singing as a girl, and the crowd become amazed when she switches to a masculine voice.
Culture.
Revues and music groups.
The first all kathoey music group in Thailand was formed in 2006. It is named Venus Flytrap and was selected and promoted by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
The Lady Boys of Bangkok is a kathoey revue that has been performed in the UK since 1998 touring the country in both theatres and the famous "Sabai Pavilion" for 9 months each year.
Films.
"Ladyboys" is a 1992 documentary film made for Channel 4 TV and directed by Jeremy Marre. It relates the story of two teenage kathoey who prepare for and enter a rural beauty contest and then leave for Pattaya to find work in a cabaret revue.
The story of the 1996 Iron Ladies volleyball team underlies the humorous and successful 2000 movie "The Iron Ladies" and the 2003 sequel "The Iron Ladies 2".
The 2002 Thai film "Saving Private Tootsie" tells the story of a group of gays and kathoey who need to be rescued after a plane crash in rebel-held jungle territory. The film explores anti-gay attitudes in various ways. It is loosely based on an incident in December 1998 when a group including a popular singer and his kathoey makeup artist survived a plane crash.
The life of the kathoey kick boxer Nong Tum is related in the 2003 film "Beautiful Boxer". Unlike "The Iron Ladies 1 & 2", "Beautiful Boxer" used a serious tone.
In the 2005 Thai martial arts film "The Warrior King" the main villain is a kathoey, although references to this were edited out for the American release. She is played by Jin Xing who is transgender herself.
The extreme traveller show "Madventures" had a section on kathoeys on the third season.
In the 2011 American film "The Hangover Part II", Stu has sex with a woman he didn't realise was kathoey (played by Yasmin Lee) while on a drug-induced bender in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="19337462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337462" title="Elena Ceaușescu">
Elena Ceaușescu

Elena Ceaușescu (; née Lenuța Petrescu; 7 January 1916 – 25 December 1989) was the wife of Romania's Communist leader Nicolae Ceaușescu, and Deputy Prime Minister of Romania.
Background.
She was born Lenuța Petrescu into a peasant family in Petrești commune, Dâmbovița County, in the informal region of Wallachia. Her family was supported by her father's job as a ploughman. Her records show she left school with a good mark only in needlework in primary school. After primary school, she moved along with her brother to Bucharest, where she worked as a laboratory assistant before getting a job at a textile factory. She joined the Romanian Communist Party in 1937 and met 21-year-old Nicolae Ceaușescu in 1939. Ceaușescu was instantly attracted to her which, reportedly, made him never look at another woman in a romantic manner. Their relationship was interrupted by Ceaușescu's frequent stints in prison, but they finally married on 23 December 1947.
Career in government.
After the Communists took power, Ceaușescu worked as a secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and was an unimportant figure until her husband became general secretary of the party. Starting in July 1972, Elena Ceaușescu was given various offices at senior levels in the Romanian Communist Party. In June 1973 she became a member of the Politburo of the Romanian Communist Party, becoming the second most important and influential person after Ceauşescu himself. She was deeply involved in party administration alongside her husband, and was one of the few spouses of a Communist Party boss to become a power in her own right.
Ceaușescu frequently accompanied her husband on official visits abroad. During a state visit to the People's Republic of China in June 1971, she took note of how Jiang Qing, Chairman Mao Zedong's wife, maintained a position of real power. Most likely inspired by this, she began to engineer her own political rise in Romania. In July 1971 she was elected a member of the Central Commission on Socio-Economic Forecasting, and in July 1972 she became a full member of the Romanian Communist Party Central Committee. In June 1973, after being nominated by Emil Bodnăraș, she was elected to the party's Executive Committee. In November 1974, at the 11th Party Congress, she was made a member of the (renamed) political executive committee and in January 1977 became a member of the highest party body, the Permanent Bureau of the Political Executive Committee. In March 1980, she was made a First Deputy Prime Minister.
Ceaușescu was the object of a personality cult as intense as that of her husband, which exalted her as the "Mother of the Nation." By all accounts, her vanity and desire for honours exceeded that of her husband. As with her husband, Romanian Television was under strict orders to take great care portraying her on screen. For instance, she was never supposed to be shown in profile because of her homely appearance (though she'd been very attractive in her youth) and large nose. Publicly, Ceaușescu said that it was an honor to be referred to as "comrade", but Romanian expatriates in the United States frequently referred to her as "Madame Ceaușescu" with great disdain.
Fall from power.
Ceaușescu fled with her husband on 22 December 1989, after the events in Timișoara led to the Romanian Revolution, but she and her husband were captured in the town of Targoviste. At the show trial that took place, she answered only a few questions since her husband took a protective role, asked her to calm down and shook his head each time her mouth opened to reply in anger. On the afternoon of 25 December 1989, (Christmas Day) in Târgoviște they were turned over to a firing squad and executed. She and her husband's arms were tied on their backs. Their actual execution was not filmed in time - the firing squad was in a hurry to carry out the sentence - but the aftermath, including echoes of the final volley, the pall of smoke, and the bodies immediately afterwards, were caught on camera. She was 73 years old.
Ceaușescu was outlived by her mother, a near centenarian at the time of her death, her brother Gheorghe Petrescu (also an important figure in the party) and her three children: Valentin (b. 1948), Zoia (1949–2006) and Nicu (1951–1996), who was also a very important member of the Romanian Communist Party.
Reputation as a chemical researcher.
In 1957 she was a research scientist at ICECHIM (National Institute for Chemical Research). In the early 1960s she was reported to be secretary of the party committee of the Bucharest Central Institute of Chemical Researches, and, when her husband Ceaușescu took over the party leadership in March 1965, she was listed as the institute's director. In December of the same year, she was elected a member of the newly established National Council of Scientific Research, and in September 1966 she was awarded the Order of Scientific Merit First Class.
Ceaușescu was given many honorary awards for scientific achievement in the field of polymer chemistry during the period when her husband ruled Romania. However, her educational and scientific achievements are disputed.
Despite leaving grammar school at the age of 14, Ceaușescu graduated from the University of Bucharest with a PhD in polymer chemistry and top in a class of 100 women with the honor of "summa cum laude". Her thesis has 162 pages, 32 tables, 40 figures and 440 references and describes the invention of a very valuable artificial material. Critics consider it unlikely that a textile worker — especially one whose formal schooling ended at 14 — would have been able to write a thesis in chemistry. After the Revolution of 1989, several scientists have claimed that Elena had forced them to write papers in her name. Claims have also arisen that the university gave her the honour of the doctorate solely because of her political position.
Most of the respected academic institutions and universities in the West refused to acknowledge her alleged academic merit. She was made a member of the Illinois Academy of Sciences. Elena Ceaușescu later commented on that by saying that she never heard of Illinois and made an antisemitic remark on the ethnicity of the President of the Academy of Sciences at that time, the chemist Emanuel Merdinger. She allegedly obtained her awards with money, instead of merit.
In March 1974, she was made a member of the Romanian Academy's Section for Chemical Sciences. According to a 1984 report by Radio Free Europe, "It is rumored that, at the time when she wanted to receive her doctorate from the Bucharest Faculty of Chemistry, she met with strong opposition from the great Romanian chemist Costin D. Nenitescu, the dean of the faculty. She was forced instead to present her thesis to Cristofor Simionescu and Ioan Ursu at the University of Iasi, where she met with complete success."
In summary, to quote from an article on plagiarism in the leading scientific journal "Nature":
In popular culture.
She was sometimes nicknamed "Codoi", referring to her alleged mispronunciation of the name of the chemical compound CO2</sub > ("Co" being the C for carbon, O for oxygen, and "doi" being Romanian for "two"). She was mocked by many, including an official who called her by this nickname during her show trial. Contributing to the humorous effect, "codoi" is an actual word in Romanian, meaning "big tail"

</doc>
<doc id="19337529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337529" title="Tongues in the Seventh-day Adventist Church">
Tongues in the Seventh-day Adventist Church

Seventh-day Adventists believe that the spiritual gifts such as "speaking in tongues" do used to communicate the truth to other people from differing languages, and are skeptical of tongues as practiced by charismatic and Pentecostal Christians today. 
Beliefs.
Belief "17. Spiritual Gifts and Ministries" of the official 28 Fundamental Beliefs of Adventists affirms that spiritual gifts do continue into the present. While the gift of tongues or "glossolalia" is not specifically mentioned, Adventists more often limit it to the ability to speak unlearned human languages, or "xenoglossy"; and have generally rejected the form of tongues practised by many charismatic and Pentecostal Christians, described as ecstatic speech or a "personal prayer language". 
Supporting this position is Gerhard Hasel, who believed the practice refers to unknown human languages only, and not angelic languages nor ecstatic speech. His document has been frequently cited by Adventists. The "Handbook of Seventh-day Adventist Theology" takes the position that speaking in tongues refers to "previously unlearned human languages" (xenoglossy), using the experience on the day of Pentecost in as the "criterion" for later interpretation. David Asscherick also believes tongues are xenoglossy only.
Ellen G. White wrote concerning this issue. She states...
She also stated...
"They give themselves up to wild, excitable feelings and make unintelligible sounds which they call the gift of tongues, and a certain class seem to be charmed with these strange manifestations. A strange spirit rules with this class, which would bear down and run over anyone who would reprove them. God's Spirit is not in the work and does not attend such workmen. They have another spirit."
See also other Adventist commentators.
History.
Early Counterfeit Incidents in Adventistism.
The first counterfeit instance in regards to a doctrine issue occurred in 1848. James White recorded the incident writing "There has been some division as to the time of beginning the Sabbath. Some commenced at sundown. Most, however, at 6 P.M. A week ago Sabbath we made this a subject of prayer. The Holy Ghost came down, Brother Chamberlain was filled with the power. In this state he cried out in an unknown tongue. The interpretation followed which was this: 'Give me the chalk, Give me the chalk.' Well, thought I, if there is none in the house then I shall doubt this, but in a moment a brother took down a good piece of chalk. Brother Chamberlain took it and in the power he drew a figure on the floor."
Brother Chamberlain then gave his own interpretation to his unknown tongue and the drawing...
This experience carried weight with the believers and they continued to observe the beginning of the Sabbath at six o'clock.
Later on, through a study of the Bible, this incident was later discovered as a counterfeit manifestation of the gift of tongues. In the summer of 1855, James White urged J.N. Andrews to investigate the Sabbath commencement issue. After several weeks of a "careful investigation of the Scriptures, (he) demonstrated from nine texts in the Old Testament and two texts in the New that the Sabbath began at sundown. Andrews' conclusions were read at the conference in Battle Creek, November, 1855, and, from the scriptural evidence set forth, those present accepted the responsibility of shifting from six o'clock to sundown as the time to begin the Sabbath." 
There are four documented cases of people claiming to speak in tongues in the early history of the Adventist church, according to Arthur White:
Arthur White states "There is no record of Ellen White's giving explicit support to, or placing her endorsement upon, these ecstatic experiences with unknown tongues, although she was an eyewitness to three of the four." 
There have also been other counterfeit claims. In June 1853 on her trip to Vergennes, Michigan, Ellen White rebuked a certain "Mrs. A." who "professes to talk with tongues, but she is deceived. She does not talk the language she claims to speak. In fact, she does not talk any language. If all the nations of the earth were together, and should hear her talk, no one of them would know what she says; for she merely goes over a lot of meaningless gibberish." The woman claimed to speak the local Native American language.
"At a meeting she held the next day, this woman spoke on the subject of holiness, and during her talk broke out again in the unknown tongue. An Indian who had been invited to come in to hear her speak his language jumped to his feet, declaring: "Very bad Indian that! Very bad Indian that!" When asked what the woman said, he declared: "Nothing; she talk no Indian."
A few days later in the presence of an Indian interpreter who knew 17 of the languages, she spoke and prayed in her gibberish, and he declared that she had not uttered a single Indian word. Her influence was short lived, not only because of this experience, but because of the disclosure (from one of Ellen White's visions) that the man with whom she traveled and lived was not her husband. This in time was confessed."
Later experiences.
Ralph Mackin and his wife claimed to experience gifts of the Holy Spirit such as prophecy, speaking in tongues, and even casting out demons. At an Adventist camp meeting in Mansfield, Ohio; they also claimed the gift of tongues, with Ralph speaking Chinese and his wife Yiddish as the result of a vision. Ellen White was cautious if not skeptical, and ultimately rebuked their testimony stating...
"I was shown that it was not the Spirit of the Lord that was inspiring Brother and Sister Mackin, but the same spirit of fanaticism that is ever seeking entrance into the remnant church. Their application of Scripture of their peculiar exercises is Scripture misapplied. The work of declaring persons possessed of the devil, and then praying with them and pretending to cast out the evil spirits, is fanaticism which will bring into disrepute any church which sanctions such work." 
She continues to state...
Pentecostal-turned-Adventist E. C. Card says he gave up speaking in tongues. Howard Blum shared his perspective.
One website article, part 2 - "A False Concept Of the Son" claims Demos Shakarian (1913–1993) and the FGBMFI held a meeting to distribute their "Voice" magazine to Adventist workers. It mentions Adventists Bill Loveless and Dr. Lowe. This was viewed with concern by Adventists, as one editor stated, "Already we have lost members to the delusions of this phenomenon. Some have been young people."
In 2007, Australian administrator Gilbert Cangy reported receiving the gift of unlearned human languages (xenoglossy), when in the Vanuatuan island Ambrym, local Bislama speakers understood his English presentations. 
The "1991 National Church Life Survey" in Australia found that approximately 5% of Australian Adventists approve of and/or speak in tongues, whereas 11% have no opinion and approximately 85% disapprove. This was the highest disapproval rating amongst all denominations surveyed.

</doc>
<doc id="19337530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337530" title="Rodney Moore (pornographic actor)">
Rodney Moore (pornographic actor)

Rodney Moore is an adult video producer who helped to pioneer the Gonzo style of porn, featuring the POV (point of view) style of shooting. To date, Moore has shot with over 1300 different women in his adult career. The great emphasis in Moore's work is on oral sex, and facials. 
He entered the business in 1992, shooting couples and like-minded amateurs and selling the tapes. He would eventually meet people within the industry and his career began to flourish.
Initially he sold titles to a number of different companies, but eventually went exclusive with OGV (Odyssey Group Video). By 2000, he started his own company and released his titles at first through OGV but then and currently through Exquisite Multimedia. When OGV went bankrupt, Moore sued and won back the rights to 120 titles he had released through OGV, including Volumes 1-50 of Creme de la Face, and 1-23 of The Cumm Brothers.
Along with other male adult actors, such as Peter North, Moore is known for his natural ability to ejaculate copious amounts of semen, which is one reason why he has been dubbed (by Paul Fishbein, at the time President of AVN Magazine) as the "King of Cream". Actresses who have received one of his facials are said to have received a (trademarked) "Rodney Blast", a phrase coined by "Dirty Bob", a movie reviewer. Some of his more famous series are "I Swallow", "Goo Girls" and "Monster Facials". He also was among the first to produce videos featuring unshaved women, notably "Seattle Hairy Girls".
In 1997, Moore built his own web site, RodneyMoore.com. More recently, Moore's web site has been expanded into a number of subsites, such as HornyHairyGirls.com, ScaleBustinBabes.com. Currently his series include "Top Heavy Tarts", "MILF and Honey" and "We Swallow."
Recently he has directed features, including parodies such as "Night of the Giving Head" and "The Addams Family XXX".

</doc>
<doc id="19337544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337544" title="List of Wizards of Waverly Place characters">
List of Wizards of Waverly Place characters

The following is the list of characters of Disney Channel original series Wizards of Waverly Place.
The series centers on the fictional characters of the Russo family, which includes Alex (Selena Gomez), her older brother Justin (David Henrie) and their younger brother Max (Jake T. Austin). The three Russo siblings are wizards in training and live with their Italian-American father Jerry (David DeLuise), a former wizard, and their Mexican-American mother, Theresa (Maria Canals Barrera) who is a mortal. Alex's best friend Harper (Jennifer Stone) also found out about the Russos' wizard powers in season 2. The siblings have to keep their secret safe while living in the mortal world. When they become adults, the three siblings will have a wizard competition to decide who will become the family wizard of their generation and keep his or her wizard powers. Harper used to have a crush on Justin, but now is in love with Justin's best friend, Zeke, who finds out about the Russo's wizard powers in season 4. Alex Russo (Selena Gomez) and Justin Russo (David Henrie) are the only characters to appear in every episode of the series.
Main characters.
Alex Russo.
Alexandra Margarita Russo (Selena Gomez) is the only female out of the three Russo siblings, and the middle child. She is sly, rebellious, outgoing, and usually underachieves when it comes to school. She often gets into trouble because of her constant schemes (usually involving magic). She is part Latina and part Italian. Even though she is infamously known for doing the worst in wizard studies and school, and relentlessly torments her older brother Justin, Alex became much more mature throughout the series. Although she's relatively lazy, Alex is very smart. She becomes the Russo family wizard at the end of the series. She goes through a long term relationship with Mason Greyback, a purebred werewolf that they break up numerous times but get back together.
Justin Russo.
Justin Vincenzo Pepé Russo (David Henrie) is Alex's older brother, and the oldest of the three Russo siblings. He is very smart, and is often considered a nerd. He is in numerous clubs and has learned over 5000 spells. He continues his wizard studies in a Monster Hunting course. Unlike Alex, he is an overachiever when it comes to school. He is unathletic, and is very obedient and respectful to his parents and other adults. Justin is responsible, sensible, kindhearted and hardworking. His long-term relationship was with Juliet, a teenage vampire he fell in love with but broke up with her when she became slave to a mummy and turned into an old lady by a werewolf scratch.
Later in the episodes Alex tells the world that they are wizards and she and Justin's levels move down, so he makes a class with students who got kicked out of WizTech and later falls in love with an angel named Rosie.
After telling the truth that he didn't win the wizard competition, Professor Crumbs asks him to take his place. Justin is now the headmaster of WizTech in Professor Crumbs' place.
Later in the series he got back together with Juliet.
Max Russo.
Maximilian Alanzo Ernesto Russo (Jake T. Austin) is the youngest of the three Russo siblings, he is the naive younger brother, who at the beginning of the series is an underachiever (when it comes to wizard school), being far behind his siblings in his magic lessons (as seen in "Potion Commotion"). Even though his full name, Maximilian, is stated by his grandma, he mentions his name is Maximum in Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie. In a cut scene from "Helping Hand", it is revealed that Max's middle name is Justin, but they didn't tell him to keep him from getting confused. He also made a sandwich bigger called "To the Max". In season 4, Max has a greater chance to become the family wizard because he is ahead of both Alex and Justin now, also the fact that he is turned into a little girl named "Maxine" for a short time until the episode "Back to Max". He is now the only mortal Russo sibling, having lost the competition, but he is happy with his new life without magic because this means he can now own the sub station.
Harper Finkle.
Harper Finkle (Jennifer Stone) is best friends with Alex Russo, and always used to have a crush on her brother, Justin Russo, but now is in a relationship with Zeke Beakerman, Justin's nerdy best friend. Harper is a typical teenager, being self-expressive, but a little insecure at times. Unlike Alex, she is a hard-working student and a fairly positive person, but still connects well with Alex. Jennifer Stone does not appear as Harper in "You Can't Always Get What You Carpet" (which was actually the first episode produced, but the sixth episode broadcast—the episode was aired out of production order).
Harper is known for her outrageous fashion ensembles that she designs herself, most of which are "food-themed", such as one outfit seen in the season one episode "Credit Check" which resembled a cupcake. No one ever tells her that her fashion designs are(for the most part) ridiculous. Not only does she create her own clothes but she also makes her own jewelry as seen in the episode "Art Museum Piece", when she starts a booth selling her necklaces made of macaroni, glitter, and knobs from Alex's room. Despite her unseemly fashion choices, she believes it is better to stand out as an individual, and is confident that she will excel at whatever she tries, no matter what people think, and has a habit of laughing out loud when the atmosphere gets tense.
She is oblivious of the fact that Alex, Max and Justin are wizards until the episode "Harper Knows" when Alex finally told her because she felt guilty for not telling the truth to her best friend. This was also the first time Harper experienced the use of magic when Alex gave her a charmed costume with super powers. She is often paranoid of Alex's schemes, especially after she finds out about magic, but reluctantly gets involved anyway. Despite Alex's controlling and manipulative behavior, Harper always sees the good side in Alex and is willing to be accepting of her due to their friendship, to the point where she was the only person who believed that Alex wouldn't participate in a plot that, if successful, would prevent young wizards losing their powers in the Competition. She has known Alex since kindergarten and is always there when Alex needs support. In season three it is revealed that Harper is a cheerleader, which is the only secret Harper has ever kept from Alex, largely due to Alex's typical disdain and mocking attitude towards cheerleaders.
Harper's parents are featured in "Wizards vs Finkles" as traveling showpeople from Romania. They ask Harper to rejoin them for shows but Harper refuses, happy with her life with the Russos while Alex, fascinated with their lifestyle, accept in Harper's place. In the end the commitment and hard work drives Alex away, with Harper's parents leaving for Youngstown, Ohio, for a new gig on good terms with Harper and the rest of the Russos. In "Meet the Werewolves" it is revealed that Harper was born in Nebraska, backstage in a night club, most likely at one of her parent's shows. In "Wizards vs. Vampires: Tasty Bites", when Alex is so fed up with her family's new healthy living, she says, ""I'm so desperate, I'm thinking about going to Harper's house"", meaning that Harper's house is wild. In "Alex Does Good", Harper blurts out, ""It's about time I got some appreciation Mom!"", claiming that her mom doesn't appreciate her. Harper moves in with Alex and the Russos in Season three, most likely because of her home. (Although it was also motivated by her father's recent transfer to Pittsburgh and her unwillingness to leave Alex).
In the episode "Future Harper", it's revealed that Harper becomes a famous author, who writes books based on the Russo's wizard adventures, and writes under the name "H.J. Darling" (parody of J. K. Rowling). Alex, Justin, and Max find this out when they go to confront the author of the books (seven books in the series "Charmed and Dangerous") that mysteriously mimic their lives. As the older Harper (Rachel Dratch) tells them, she writes her books in the present day because in the future, wizards and magic in general have been outed, and books about magic are no longer so interesting. She doesn't tell the Russo kids who it was that revealed the existence of wizards, other than it happens to be one of the three; the Russos suspect it to be Max (though in a later episode the Russo's are questioned by the government and they trick Justin into revealing that wizards exist); and that she came back in time with the aid of one of the most powerful wizards of all time. This is presumed to be the winning Russo. It's unknown if she ever married someone with the last name Darling, or if she just uses the name H.J. Darling as a way to keep her identity safe in the present day.
In the episode "Third Wheel", after it's discovered Stevie is a wizard, Alex starts hanging out with her more, neglecting Harper. Later in the episode, Harper confronts Alex on how she has been feeling left out. This leads to a heated argument, where Harper reveals her insecurities about how Alex is always taking her for granted and yet she never holds it against her. During this argument, they end up destroying the Homecoming float, which Justin tricked Harper into helping him build by disguising himself as Alex. Mr. Laritate witnesses this and threatens to have Alex expelled. For the sake of their friendship, Harper takes all the blame. Mr. Laritate believes her, considering that Alex never tells the truth, and punishes Harper with one week of detention. Later, Alex somehow sneaks into the detention room and apologizes for what happened. Forgiving her, Harper explains that she only did it because even if Stevie is Alex's new best friend, it's not going to keep her from being a friend to Alex. Alex compassionately says that her relationship with Harper is much stronger than it is with Stevie, by saying that Stevie is her "friend", but Harper is her "sister". When Stevie later appears to recruit Alex to aid her in a plot to destroy the power transference technology and thus prevent any younger wizards from losing their powers in the competition, Harper continues to believe that Alex will come through and do the right thing even when Justin is convinced that Alex has gone evil. Alex warmly thanks Harper for her faith in her after her true agenda is revealed when she freezes Stevie and allows Stevie's brother Warren to inherit his full powers.
At times Jerry and Theresa like to take credit for Harper being their daughter, as in the episode "Marathoner Helper". Justin then says, "C'mon she's not your daughter." And as Alex walks in eating a hot dog with cereal he says, "That's your daughter."
She usually shouts 'See ya in PE' and screams when she is scared or nervous. In Helping Hand, she screams while laughing stating she is scared and happy.
Theresa Russo.
Theresa Magdalena Margarita Russo, played by Maria Canals Barrera, is the mother of Alex, Justin and Max Russo and co-owner of the Waverly Sub Station, with her husband Jerry; and is also the slightly more serious one of the couple. Theresa is Mexican American.
Theresa Russo is a typical mother. She's fussy, caring and can be pretty embarrassing. Unlike her children, she is a mortal. She dislikes magic, probably because she was once possessed by a wizard's love spell for twelve years. Theresa lives on Waverly Place in Manhattan with her husband (and former wizard) Jerry Russo (David DeLuise) and her children: middle daughter Alex Russo (Selena Gomez), eldest son Justin Russo (David Henrie), and youngest child Max Russo (Jake T. Austin). She owns a sandwich shop called the Waverly Sub Station with her husband in which her children work. She is overprotective of Justin and Max, but Max especially. She tries to relate with her kids but it doesn't always work.
Theresa stated that she is a ""Proud Latina"" and tries to get her children to learn about her and their Mexican heritage. In season one's "You Can't Always Get What You Carpet", Theresa states that she once played guitar in an all-girl mariachi band — though when Justin says "I didn't know you played the guitar", Jerry says "she doesn't" – implying that Theresa is not a very good guitar player. This is shown in season 3.
At times, Theresa can be somewhat controlling of her kids and their lives; for example, in "Quinceañera", she completely takes control of the plans for Alex's Quinceañera fifteenth birthday party and turns it into the party that she wants. She refuses to listen to Alex's objections all because she herself never got to have a Quinceañera of her own. This eventually gets so irritating to Alex that she casts a spell to switch bodies with her mother, partially so Theresa would be able to have the Quinceañera that she never got to have. In the end, however, Theresa realizes her mistake and allows Alex to have the party that "she" wants. Theresa wanted a much girlier Quinceanera (much to Alex's dismay) which is what Theresa likes, which shows you a girlier and more innocent side of her. For example, in 'Doll House' Alex tries to clear out the basement to make her own art studio, and distracts her family with their favorite things from the past. Alex then shows Theresa her old poster of Shaun Cassidy, which is covered with lipstick.
Theresa is the reason why Jerry could not keep his wizard powers. Since wizards are not allowed to marry non-wizards, Jerry chose to give up his powers to his younger brother Kelbo in order to marry Theresa, as was revealed in season one's "Alex in the Middle" – previously unbeknownst to Justin, Alex and Max, when it is revealed that in his family's wizard competition that Jerry was originally the one who got to keep his magic powers. However, Jerry says he does
not regret marrying her.
It has been mentioned several times that Theresa hates magic. Being mortal, she finds it difficult to live in a house full of wizards, especially when her children (and sometimes, Jerry) misuse magic in the house, most notably when the boys of the family want to play indoors and either directly or indirectly end up destroying a prized lamp she owns, which always ends up repaired. An example of this is in season one's "Art Museum Piece", when a spell which causes Theresa to go through objects wears off—and she accidentally walks into the front door and she exclaims "I hate living with wizards!" She has also been shown to have very little concern for major issues in the magical world, which don't concern her since she isn't a wizard (including issues that involve her kids losing their powers). She also can be annoyed by the magic futility, was visible in ""All bout You-niverse"", when Alex broken a magical mirror (and thus trapping herself in a parallel universe), Theresa find out that fixing a magical mirror is no different from fixing a normal mirror, and she remarks ""Magic is lame"". Despite this, when Alex and Justin's antics cause Max to fail the wand quiz in ""My Tutor, Tutor"", Theresa lends a sympathetic ear to his problem (even supporting his plans to get revenge), and even told Alex to use her magic to make their haunted house scarier in ""Halloween"". In ""Positive Alex"", Theresa and Jerry realized that Alex had put a spell on herself to become positive, and they agree to do nothing against it, because they believe that there's nothing wrong in being positive, though they quickly change their minds when the newly optimistic Alex turns out to be unbearably annoying. Ironically in "Retest", despite constantly hit in her family face how their attempts to maintain their magic could be fruitless, she ended up giving a lecture to Megan about how she is going too far in her selfishness and that she, not Jerry, was wrong in their argument about the family powers. But when Megan clearly states that she won't apologize over her actions, Theresa freely added that she isn't a member of the Russo's family anymore, and leaves her for good.
Though normally, Theresa is a kind and caring mother, but she has a prevalent selfish side. For example, in "Retest", when Alex, Max, and Justin were upset over the possibility of losing their powers, Theresa relished the thought of having a normal family, going so far as to suggest turning the wizard lair into a den and, although she has no intention in hurting them, Theresa often hints this fact in a very unkind form. Similarly, in "Wizards vs. Vampires on Waverly Place", she openly refused to let Justin date Juliet at first and freely stated she cared more about her business than her children's happiness, which even Alex was appalled and disgusted by. Alex then cut into the argument as Justin was losing it badly against their parents and fixed everything up, ending with Justin able to date Juliet and their parents happy. In "Marathon Helper", Theresa was too shamed and upset with her family's lack of physical attributes that she said none of her own children are members of her family, openly added Harper is her only daughter, since Harper had taken it on herself to be involved in healthy activities, and later, she goes farther, hurting Justin's feelings by she saying she was not proud of his academic success. Both in "Wizards vs. Vampires on Waverly Place 2" and in "Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie," she openly remarks since she is the Russos' mother, she doesn't need to care about their opinions and in more than one occasion, she arrogantly expressed the belief that she is immune to the Wizard Rules, since that she isn't (unfortunately, the ""Wizard"" Rules apply to all normal and supernatural beings that is aware of the Wizard World.). In the episode "Alex's Logo", she was referred to as popular in school, though it turns out she was the first girl admitted to a formerly all-boys school. In "Uncle Ernesto," Alex encourages her to invite her brother on her birthday, however, it goes wrong and she ends up with a crashed birthday party.
Jerry Russo.
Gerardo Pepe "Jerry" Russo is the father of Alex, Justin and Max Russo and co-owner of the Waverly Sub Station, with his wife Theresa (whom he accidentally insults on occasion). He is also a former wizard, who chose to give up his powers to marry his wife Theresa, a mortal, due to a rule forbidding wizards to marry mortals. Jerry is Italian American.
Jerry Russo is the average father. He is stern, protective and is annoyed by Alex and Max constantly, and even by Justin occasionally. Unlike his children, he does not have powers any more; nonetheless, his children inherited their powers from him, with Max having a fascination of the magic normal humans can do such as microwave popcorn, Alex being a natural at magic yet using it recklessly, and Justin continually trying to improve his magic through knowledge. Jerry lives on Waverly Place, a street in downtown Manhattan with his mortal wife Theresa Russo (Maria Canals Barrera) and his children: middle daughter Alex Russo (Selena Gomez), eldest son Justin Russo (David Henrie), and youngest child Max Russo (Jake T. Austin). He owns a sandwich shop called the Waverly Sub Station with Theresa, where his children work, and, in the season one episode "New Employee" so did Alex's best friend Harper Finkle (Jennifer Stone), although they only did it so they could be together more often. It is mentioned in the season two episode "Make It Happen", that Jerry's original career plan was to be a bull rider. His most popular catchphrase is "But-he-you-she-ALEX!"
Jerry is the typical over-protective father towards his daughter. It was first shown in season one's "First Kiss" when Alex claimed to have had her first kiss. He said "No! She's my little girl! What's his name? I'll make him cry!" (it is almost immediately revealed that Alex lied about having had her first kiss, and when Justin teased her for it, she kissed the first random boy she deemed good enough to kiss in school the next day, who was Matt, giving him a kiss that lasted a few seconds long and catching him off guard by her blunt, surprising way – she had slammed his locker shut when he was using it, right before pulling him by the shirt to direct his face towards hers to be able to kiss – and when he finally recovered from it, he turned around and ran in the direction of Alex, calling out her name to presumably ask her on a date), and continued in "You Can't Always Get What You Carpet" from that same season, when he didn't want to teach her how to ride the carpet because he was afraid she would grow up and leave home. He also was seen putting babyish wallpaper on her walls. When Max is accidentally transformed into a little girl in "Daddy's Little Girl," Jerry calls the new Max "Maxine" and dotes on her, which does not go unnoticed by a jealous Alex, who tries to get her father's attention to no avail. However, when he becomes aware of Alex's jealousy and sadness, Jerry apologizes to her, explaining that he only did so because Maxine reminds him of Alex when she was little and reassuring her that she will always be his little girl.
He normally isn't okay with her dating, such as in the first season episode ""Potion Commotion"" when Alex said "That's my new boyfriend!" about her crush Brad Sherwood (Shane Lyons), he said "I'll pick your new boyfriend!" But later on when Brad complimented Jerry, he said "I like your new boyfriend!" When Alex began dating Dean (Daniel Samonas), he liked him at first until Alex revealed Dean wanted to kiss her in season two's ""Alex's Brother, Maximan"". Jerry said "I never cared for that boy!," when he had just said the other day he liked Dean. When Alex pointed that out he said "That's before I knew he wanted to kiss you! He was using me to get to you! And I fell for it!" In "Alex Charms a Boy" Jerry is no longer overprotective because when he saw Alex and Mason kiss he smiled instead of freaking out, because he knew it was an honest and true relationship. He can be somewhat of a cheapskate; for example, in "Taxi Dance", he is unable to remember the number of the hospital room where Justin was born when he remembers his own lottery ticket number from that same day, and being so cheap that his antics resulted in Theresa giving birth to Alex in a taxicab instead of in a hospital. Notably, before this, Theresa told the kids that Jerry had tried to make her walk to the hospital while she was in labor, to which Jerry replied, "I offered to push you in a shopping cart!". More notable, in "Western Show", when Max's increase of intelligence and maturity make him apply for various colleges, instead of showing happiness for the success of his son, he was upset with the possibility of having to pay for his learning. Additionally, in "Quinceañera," he is reduced to tears when Alex offers to tell him how much her Quinceañera cost.
Jerry is proud of his magical ancestry and teaches his children about the proper uses of magic in "Wizard Training Class" on Tuesdays and Thursdays, in the lair magically disguised as a food locker in the restaurant. However, his children often disobey his magic rules (Alex, most often being the case), and he has to punish them. He wants his kids to be great wizards, but also wants them to be able to live a life without using their powers since they may not have them in the future, as only one of them will get to keep his/her powers as an adult. Jerry has an younger brother named Kelbo (Jeff Garlin), who is seen in the season one episode ""Alex in the Middle"", who is the wizard in Jerry's family because Jerry had to give him the powers to marry Theresa. Jerry's children consider Kelbo to be more fun than Jerry, and Alex even decides to have Kelbo be her magic teacher, and is revealed to be irresponsible with magic (almost as much as Alex is sometimes) as is shown when Kelbo fails to stop a package of sea chimps that spouts a huge gush of water eventually flooding the wizard lair and turning Kelbo and Alex into sea chimps. Jerry ends up being the one who saves them both, and he reveals a secret that he has kept from Alex, Max and Justin: that he gave up his powers in order to marry Theresa, due to a rule forbidding wizards and mortals from marrying, thus relinquishing his powers to Kelbo in order to marry her. In ""Retest"" it is revealed that Jerry and Kelbo have a sister, Megan. Megan holds a grudge against Jerry for giving Kelbo his powers instead of her. She lives in an art studio in Paris where she paints pictures. She is similar to Alex because she, like Alex, loves Art and hates hard work, though, unlike Alex, she is unwilling or unable to apologize for her actions. It is most likely their parents are still alive because of references from Alex and Max. Such as in "Future Harper", when Alex is telling Harper about a wizard adventure about her and her brothers, Harper already knows the ending and tells Alex she already told her the story. Alex replies "Oh my gosh I'm starting to sound like Grandma".
Jerry also is a fan of the New York Mets and New York Jets. In several episodes of the series (more so in season one, than in other seasons), Jerry often makes a remark that accidentally insults Theresa, and quickly tries to correct his statement. Such an example is in season one's ""Movies"", in which Theresa tells Alex that no matter how old she gets that she is not too old to spend time with her family, Jerry responds "Exactly, just look at your mother". Alex then points out that Jerry accidentally called Theresa "old", and he attempts and fails to change the subject.
In "Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie", Jerry gives Justin the family wand and the spell book which Alex steals accidentally wishing her parents never met or fell in love, but it was resolved – ironically by Alex herself, the reckless one out of his three children, who also surprisingly won the Premature Family Wizard competition against Justin, as Justin was the favorite out of the three to win it but lost to Alex, who then gives up her powers so they could compete for their powers when they are old enough.
Jerry has made more than one mention of past friends of his youth, including "Pony-boy" and John Bender; both names of rebellious teen characters in classic 80's pop-culture films, The Outsiders and The Breakfast Club, respectively. Aside from the names, no other specific connections or further implications seem to have been made connecting Jerry's youth and the events in these stories.
Recurring characters.
The following is a list of recurring characters in the Disney Channel sitcom "Wizards of Waverly Place".
Zeke Beakerman.
Zeke Beakerman () is Justin's best friend. Zeke is in the same grade as Justin. He attends Tribeca Prep and is in advanced chemistry along with Justin. He is also part of an Alien Language League; he and Justin often "speak alien" to each other. Zeke's first appearance was in "Movies", but strangely he was known as Zack Rosenblack. They later changed his name to Zeke. He is very impulsive and easygoing. He and Justin are also on the same Quiz Bowl team in "Smarty Pants". Zeke and Justin have tried out for several sports teams, but have apparently failed at all of them. In "Fashion Week", they somehow succeed at talking to models. Zeke got the role of Peter Pan in the school play in "Fairy Tale". In the episode "Wizard For a Day", he is upset when the real aliens do not understand his "alien speak". Zeke and Harper go to "Zombie Prom" together. He is also on the cheer squad, as revealed in "Positive Alex". He runs against Justin in the campaign for Student Body President in "Detention Election", but later he votes for Justin. He continues to assist Justin as student body president. Zeke continues his relationship with Harper in "Alex Russo, Matchmaker?" In "Wizards Unleashed", Zeke and Harper take care of the sub station and share their first kiss. In "Alex Russo, Matchmaker", Zeke is revealed to have hydrophobia and in season 4 he finds out the Russos are wizards. He assists the Russos when possible, though his assistance usually turns more troublesome than helpful. He is present during the Russo siblings' competition and ceremony at the series finale.
Mr. Laritate.
Mr. Herschel Laritate (Bill Chott) is the principal of Tribeca Prep High School, which is mentioned when he calls Alex Russo into the principal's office in "Alex Does Good". Humorously, it is shown in the same episode that Alex has been sent to the principal's office way too often (implying Alex is a delinquent student) to the point that the two have somewhat of regular routines down, such as serving drink and snacks to each other. The last name, Laritate, is a pun of Larry Tate from "Bewitched". He loves anything related to the Old West, as seen in his daily life, such as wears cowboy hat and bolo tie, uses terms from that era when speaking, and even decorates his office in that theme. When he was relieved from his position as principal in "Western Show", he choose to work as part-time employee in 'Wild Billy's Western Roundup'. He teaches History class, Marriage and Family class, and taught the Art class once as temporary teacher. Mr. Lartiate also acts as the adviser of several activities at the school including the World School Summit at the U.N., Happy Helpers Club, Quiz Bowl, sport activities, and school plays. His alma mater is Clementine College as mentioned in "Fairy Tale", but later on he confessed that he does not have a college degree in "Franken-Girl". Nevertheless, he claimed to be able to provide a strong recommendation letter for Justin Russo to the said college.
Mr. Laritate always consider Justin as a model student. In the contrary, he has an on-and-off relationship with Justin's sister, Alex, in that he is often disappointed in Alex's lack of work ethic and unwillingness to do well in school. In season two's "Don't Rain on Justin's Parade", Mr. Laritate calls Alex an evil genius, much to Alex's pleasure. However, it is evident that he cares about her through his many efforts to reach out to her. In "Alex's Logo", he is basically Alex's only friend because everybody went mad to Alex after she said what she really thought of them while giving a speech under truth spell. After Alex complains that everybody still mad at her even though it has been a week since the speech, Mr. Laritate then tries to help Alex by performs even much more embarrassing acts in hope that everybody will turn their attention to him and forget what Alex has done. Unfortunately, he also incidentally embarrasses Alex on the microphone while doing so, resulting other students calling her principal's BFF (Best Friend Forever). He gives all students that throw T-shirt at him a detention. He also gives Alex, who does not throw T-shirt at all, a detention. However, she smiles at Mr. Laritate's and says "Thank you", because she knows its just his another attempt to defuse tension between her and other students. It was also revealed in this episode that Mr. Laritate has somewhat a difficult relationship with his mother.
In season 4, Alex crashes Mr. Laritate's car during her driving lesson and he sees how grown up she has become when she confesses the truth to him. Mr. Laritate personally hands high school diploma to Alex and Harper Finkle during a makeshift graduation ceremony of Tribeca Prep class of 2011 in "Wizards vs Asteroids". He appeared last time in "Get along Little Zombie" in which he was temporarily turned into a zombie after he got bitten by one during his visit to Alex and Harper's apartment. Alex and Mason Greyback turned him back into human again using 'Zombie bites treatment' lotion. It is shown at the end of the episode that he is, apparently, willing to keep a close relationship to the Russo family.
Mason Greyback.
Mason Greyback (Gregg Sulkin; seasons 3-4) is first mentioned in Season 2 episode "Future Harper" when Future Harper tells Alex that she seems irritable and asks if she broke up with Mason yet, implying that she will date a boy named Mason in the future.
Mason is first fully introduced as a student in Alex's art class, and as an English boy who has a crush on Alex. They later begin to date. Mason loves to paint. He gives Alex a necklace that lights up when the person who wears it is in love with the person who put it on them. It is revealed that he in fact is a werewolf but doesn't turn Alex into a werewolf when they kiss, because he is a purebred and only mutts turn people into werewolves when they kiss. He helps in the search for Juliet after picking up her scent from her dental floss. It is revealed that he and Juliet used to date (which also reveals Mason doesn't age) and he admits he never stopped loving her, which breaks Alex's heart. She throws away the necklace he gave her and he tries to prove his love for her by going back to the mummy's tomb to find the necklace. Justin, Max, and Juliet come to rescue Alex. Max likes Mason, but Justin hates him for breaking Alex's heart. When Justin tries to make Alex leave the tomb, Mason turns into a werewolf, and starts fighting Justin and Juliet. He is attacking Justin when Juliet bites him, causing him to turn into a wolf permanently. Before his transformation, Alex puts the necklace on him and it lights up. Alex knows now that he truly loves her, but he leaves because as a wolf, he has no control. He leaves the mummy's tomb as he transforms into a wolf.
In "Wizards Unleashed", it is discovered that Mason has been captured by wizards and being used in TV advertisements. Upon discovering this, Alex manages to retrieve him, and uses magic to revert the transformation, but only succeeds in leaving him with pointy ears, claws, and mass abounds of fur. Though Alex initially has trouble accepting Mason in this new state, she eventually gets over it and Justin manages to fully restore his humanity by playing a magical jawharp at the end of the episode. In "Wizards Exposed," the wizards get caught, and Mason gets caught while he was "admiring his hat."
In "Alex Gives Up," they are forced to break up due to a rule that says that werewolves and non-wizards cannot date because the werewolf always ends up eating the human due to their anger management issues. At first, Chancellor Rootie Tootie Tootie appealed the rule, but then Alex, jealous of Lisa Cucuy, who was hitting on Mason, and makes Mason extremely angry by embarrassing him in front of her brother, her parents, and the Cucuy's. Mason then transforms into his half-werewolf form and Chancellor Tootie Tootie, seeing he is incapable of controlling his anger, takes back his appeal, therefore forcing Alex and Mason to break up. In "Journey to the Center of Mason", Mason eats Dean Moriarty (Alex's ex-boyfriend; they broke up when Dean had to move to Ohio) because he is jealous that Alex is spending time with Dean and not him. Alex, Justin, and Max go inside of Mason. While in Mason, Alex, Justin, and Max go into his brain. Alex sees that all Mason does is think about her. When Alex, Justin, and Max come out of him with Dean, Dean leaves because Alex doesn't want him back. After he leaves, Alex and Mason get back together because Alex decided to rejoin the Wizard Competition so she and Mason could be together. In the episode, Dean only refers to Mason as "London Bridges". Mason has the deepest love for Alex and has nicknamed her 'Brown Eyes', 'Little Meatball', and 'Love'. In "Wizard of the Year", Alex breaks up with him for the third time because of his mistrust of her and a monster tamer named Chase.
In the episodes of "Wizards of Apartment 13B", Alex and Harper move into an apartment on the thirteenth floor where coincidentally Mason is living at. Mason stops at nothing to win Alex back; using Harper's training wand to open Alex's heart to him. Though this turns out for the worse as Alex begins to flirt with an ugly ogre and Felix. In "Ghost Roommate", Mason goes on a date with Lucy, a ghost who is living with Alex and Harper. Alex is jealous that Mason and Lucy went on a date and proceed to find Lucy's long lost true love. Alex is then stuck on the Bermuda Triangle, where magic can't be used. Mason comes to her rescue using Justin's hideous Bermuda shorts. In "Get Along, Little Zombie", Mason is still determined to ask Alex out on a date and even breaking the elevator to spend some time with Alex; exposing the magical thirteenth floor to non-magical residents. Soon, Mr. Laritate discovers the thirteenth floor and gets bitten by a zombie; subsequently gets turned into a zombie. Mason and Alex go on a wild goose chase trying to find Mr. Laritate and end up in a square dance. Alex then realizes that she wants Mason back while Mason was trying to say that maybe he and Alex should just be friends. At the end of the episode, it is shown that Mason and Alex do get back together. In "Who Will be the Family Wizard", Mason comes to the wizard competition to cheer on Alex. He and Juliet meet once again and tell each other no hard feelings from the events that took place in "Wizards vs. Werewolves". Also when Alex loses the competition, he and Alex look deeply saddened due to her losing and ponder breaking up. However, Justin realizes how much Alex needs to win to be happy, and so reveals she would have won if she hadn't gone back for him and he didn't really win like everyone thought he did. Alex becomes the Russo family wizard and is able to stay with Mason. In "The Wizards Return: Alex vs. Alex", Mason gets jealous over the evil wizard, Dominic, who flirts with Alex. Mason breaks Alex out of jail before she can be exiled, and he throws Dominic off the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
Juliet van Heusen.
Juliet van Heusen (Bridgit Mendler; seasons 2-4) is a teenage vampire who is Justin Russo's main love interest. When she was born, her parents let her have a soul so she could socialize in the human world. A reason which also explains her sweet and down-to-earth nature, as opposed to most vampires, who are usually heartless and cunning. She is characterized as beautiful girl with blonde hair and rather pale skin complexion. She is very smart, as proven by the fact that she wears vanilla-scented perfume to hide her true vampire scent of death and decay in an attempt to avoid detection by monster hunters. She is also a health-conscious girl who has certain diet on her menu. Juliet development as a vampire is very slow, as her fangs have just started to grow at the age of considerably old for a vampire.
At first, Juliet and Justin were not allowed to date by their respective parents due to their restaurants rivalry. However, the two fight for their love and soon are allowed to date (similar situation to Romeo and Juliet). In "Night at the Lazerama", Juliet accompanies Justin on his monster-hunt for a mummy. Unfortunately, they become trapped in a glass display near glass roof, a condition that put Juliet in danger because the sunlight will through it at dawn and burns her. Since the mummy is the only one that able to take Juliet out from the glass display, Justin decides that the only way to save Juliet's life is by turn her into the mummy's slave. Nevertheless, he promises to save her one day. The mummy then takes Juliet to Transylvania, where she is forcibly imprisoned in suspended animation behind a Hieroglyphics, though she never gives up hope that Justin will save her. In "Wizards vs. Werewolves", Justin indeed saves her, and then it is revealed that she once dated Mason Greyback, Alex's werewolf boyfriend, 300 years ago. This fact makes Justin rather jealous towards Mason, leads to a fight between the two. Juliet comes to intervene when Justin under heavy attack from much physically stronger Mason in werewolf form. In the subsequent battle, Mason scratches Juliet and, in turn, Juliet bites Mason, resulting Mason turned into a wolf and Juliet is stripped of her vampire powers then rapidly ages into an old woman. She reveals that she is indeed 2,193 years old and then decides to leave. Because of this, Justin and Juliet are forced to end their relationship, left both of them heartbroken.
In "Moving On", Juliet appears again, happy to witness that Justin apparently has forgotten her and moved on. However, Justin and Juliet reunite towards the end of season 4, since, actually, none of them has stopped to love each other. Juliet having her vampire powers and young appearance back when Gorog (the leader of dark angels) gives them to her in an effort to tempt Justin to join the Dark Side. However, the Russos defeat Gorog resulting Juliet are released from Gorog's influence and free to be together with Justin again. Juliet comes to support Justin at the Russo family's wizard competition. She and Mason meet once again in that occasion and both acknowledge that no hard feelings left from the events that took place in "Wizards vs. Werewolves". When Justin takes Professor Crumbs' place as head master of WizTech, Juliet says she's even happier about that.
Dean Moriarty.
Dean Moriarty (Daniel Samonas; seasons 2 and 4) is Alex's boyfriend in the second season. He makes temporary tattoos in the boys bathroom and is interested in cars. In episode "Racing" he charmed Alex's parents with his car skills. Harper and Justin aren't too fond of him and Jerry seems the same way later on. He can never remember Harper's name. In the episode "Alex's Brother Maximan" it was shown he likes roller skating and playing with the claw game and winning stuffed animals. The only thing Alex doesn't like about him is that he's horrible at showing his feelings as shown in "Saving Wiz Tech Part 1" but it changed in "Saving Wiz Tech Part 2". He moved away sometime after that so Alex visited him in his dreams in "Wizards vs Vampires: Dream Date" she then saw how they were growing apart so they broke up. But he returned in Season 4 "Journey to the Center of Mason" because he wanted to get back together, though she denied it because she likes Mason, and Mason eats him out of jealousy. Dean is later rescued by Alex, Justin, and Max, and learns that Alex has chosen Mason and agrees to back off .
Professor Crumbs.
Professor Crumbs (Ian Abercrombie) is the headmaster of WizTech (a reference to Albus Dumbledore). In "Wizard School", he is often seen holding a muffin.(The muffin's crumbs fall into his beard, hence the name "Crumbs") Professor Crumbs is never seen without his incredibly long beard, even when he was turned into a guinea pig in the episode "Report Card". The only episode where he has been seen without his beard is in part two of season two's "Saving WizTech" when Ronald Longcape, Jr. (Chad Duell) stole the beard. After he was defeated, Crumbs took his beard back. Crumbs is shown how to socialize by Max in "Saving WizTech" and has done some childish things, such as spitting over the edge of the Tower of Evil. In season two's "Saving WizTech", he states that he is 850 years old. He speaks with a British accent, which Alex sometimes makes fun of. Another thing that Alex makes fun of is the fact that he has a smelly beard revealed in "Wizards Exposed". In the season 3 finale, he appears to be captured by a government agency with the rest of the wizard elite. However, the season 4 premiere reveals it was all an illusion Crumbs created to "test" Justin and Alex. As each broke it by revealing to government agents and reporters (all also illusions), Crumbs forces them both to start at level 1 of their wizard lessons; however, after seeing how remarkably un-intelligent Max was, he regretted his choice. When Justin and Max change him back into a kid, in their attempt to trick him into revealing how to undo a mutant spell they cast on Max that turned him into a little girl, it's revealed that everyone in Crumbs' family has a beard even as a kid. In the four-part episode revolving around Floor 13B, Professor Crumbs was surprised about a wizard floor that he did not know of and ended up discovering that Gorog was behind it. Professor Crumbs was captured by Gorog alongside the other inhabitants and was later rescued by the Russos upon Gorog's defeat. In the end of the series finale, Crumbs announces he is retiring, and makes Justin Russo (David Henrie) the new headmaster of WizTech.
Hugh Normous.
Hugh Normous (Josh Sussman; seasons 1-2 and 4) was Alex's Wiz Tech friend he first appeared in "Wizard School." He is shown to think of himself as a giant by carrying around miniature objects (it's later revealed that his parents are giants); humorously, he also wears underpants too small for himself. He later appeared in season 2 episode "Saving Wiz Tech" where he showed Alex his friend Ronald Loncape Jr he later appears in "Harper Knows" and "Hugh's not Normous" where he reveals he is adopted and that he is no giant, but always reasoned his adoptive parents took him in because his birth parents were the same species. He does not appear in season 3 or the movie. He returned in "Ghost Roommate", still thinking he is a giant(Hugh is a giant in one sense, as when he meets his birth parents, they are markedly "shorter" that he is). Presumebly, once he discovered this, Hugh stopped his habits of carrying tiny obects and started wearing clothing normal sized for himself.
Kelbo Russo.
Kelbo Russo (Jeff Garlin; seasons 1-3) is the uncle of Alex, Justin, and Max, and brother of Jerry and Megan. Unlike Jerry, he is very fun and carefree. Kelbo is a full wizard (Jerry had originally won the competition, but gave up his powers to marry a mortal) who often uses his powers very childishly, and often seems just as irresponsible with them as Alex is with her own. As a recurring gag, in every episode he appears in during the post credits scenes, he makes a prank call to someone.
He first appears in "Alex In the Middle", and temporarily becomes Alex's wizard tutor. He reappears in "Retest", it is requested that he, Jerry and their sister Megan re-do their wizard competition, but when Megan refuses, Kelbo hires a magical fish-lawer to help them, but after he informs that there is nothing that he can do, Kelbo decides to move to Atlantis for good. He appears once again in "Dude Looks Like Shakira", and reveals that he is Shakira, but also added that what he has been doing is against the wizard rules, and can no longer control his transformations. The Russos eventually cure him of his illness. Despite his immaturity, naivety and clueless behavior, Kelbo proves to be a very loving and caring uncle, which was visible in his second apparent, and he, unlike Jerry, has no hard feelings for Megan, in fact, he was genuinely happy to see her again. Also in "Dude Looks Like Shakira", Kelbo, in a rare moment of maturity, attempts to confess his crime to the wizard council, even knowing the consequences, in order to free his family from legal issues. Prank calls include: Is your refrigerator running (to Theresa in "Alex in the Middle"), Is your refrigerator running (to Megan in "Retest"), This is the wizards council. We'll be over to break you hands for breaking wizard rules, etc. (to Justin in "Dude looks like Shakira"). It's also shown that he really hates the taste of cinnamon. He did not appear in season 4.
Monotone Woman.
Monotone Woman (Amanda Tepe; seasons 1-2) has played numerous characters during the show's first season, as well as one guest appearance in season two. She appears as a random character who speaks with a monotone. Jobs she has held include department store manager, waitress, frozen yogurt store manager, hotel maitre'd, dog show security guard, the information desk lady at Volcano Land (only job in the magic world), art museum security guard, and hot dog vendor. Tepe's only appearance on the show during the second season is in the episode "Wizards vs. Vampires: Dream Date" as the hot dog vendor person. Her name in "New Employee" is Amanda, according to her name tag, but in "Art Museum Piece", her name is Elaine according to Blue Boy. She does not appear in the third and fourth season.
Film characters.
Characters only appear in "".
TV special characters.
Characters only appear in "".

</doc>
<doc id="19337546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337546" title="Des'ree">
Des'ree

Desirée Annette Weeks (born 30 November 1968), stage name Des'ree , is an English R&B recording artist who rose to popularity during the 1990s. She is well known for her hits: "Feel So High" (for which were recorded two different music videos), "You Gotta Be", "Life", and "Kissing You" (from the soundtrack of the film "William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet"). Des'ree has not released any new material since 2003's "Dream Soldier". She currently lives in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Career.
Des'ree was born in South London, England in 1968. Her mother is from British Guiana (now Guyana), and her father is from Barbados. She was introduced to reggae, calypso and jazz music by her parents, and Des'ree's interest in pursuing a musical career followed a two-year trip to Barbados with her family at the age of 11.
Des'ree has released five albums through Sony Music Worldwide; "Mind Adventures", "I Ain't Movin'", "Supernatural", "Endangered Species" and "Dream Soldier".
Her first single, "Feel So High', (COBO), with two different music videos, went top 10 in the UK and several other European countries, along with Japan.
In 1994, her single "You Gotta Be" hit the Billboard Hot 100 Top 5, peaking at #5, and was a hit in the UK three times. "You Gotta Be" became the most played music video on VH1 and remained on the Billboard Recurrent Airplay Chart for 80 weeks.
Following the single's success, Des'ree's second album, "I Ain't Movin' ", sold in excess of 2.5 million copies worldwide. Her success led to an American tour with Seal in 1995. The following year, she contributed the song "Kissing You" to the soundtrack of the film "William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet".
In 1997, her single "Crazy Maze" was featured on the soundtrack of the movie "Nothing to Lose" with Tim Dixon and Luke T Smith.
In 1998, her single "Life" became a hit in Europe, reaching #1 in many countries, along with Japan. In 1999, she won a BRIT Award for the British Female Solo Artist category. The album from which the single was taken, "Supernatural", was also released in 1998 to mostly positive reviews. It was somewhat successful in the UK, but was a commercial flop in the United States. In 2007, the song "Life" also notably won a BBC poll for "Worst Pop Lyrics Ever".
Sony released "Dream Soldier" in 2003. The album released one single, "It's Okay", which peaked in the UK at #69. The single did not chart in the U.S. The video was shot in London's Notting Hill. "Dream Soldier" was not a critical or commercial success. Des'ree was subsequently dropped by her label, Sony/550 Music, following the release of the album in late 2003.
Des'ree has also performed various duets, including "Fire" with Babyface (part of the soundtrack for the independent film, "Hav Plenty"), "Plenty Lovin" with Steve Winwood and "Delicate" with Terence Trent D'Arby.
Other work.
In 1998, Des'ree's hit, "Feel So High" was interpolated into the Janet Jackson song "Got 'Til It's Gone" from Jackson's CD "The Velvet Rope" without due credit to Des'ree as a contributor. The maxi single, released in 2000, lists Des'ree and Michael Graves as one of the song's writers.
In 2007, Des'ree filed suit against Beyoncé for her cover version of the Tim Atack/Des'ree penned song, "I'm Kissing You", for the re-release of her album "B'Day".
Other duets include the Bill Withers' song, "Ain't No Sunshine", recorded by Ladysmith Black Mombazo, featuring, Des'ree. "Silent Hero", written by Des'ree and Prince Sampson, featured in Spike Lee's, "Clockers". "Feel So High", written by Des'ree and Michael Graves, featured in "Set It Off". "You Gotta Be", also featured in "The Object Of My Affection" and "Karate Kid II"
Des'ree has won several awards, including a Brit Award, an Ivor Novello Award, World Music Award, Urban Music Award and a BMI award for over five million plays of "You Gotta Be" in America alone. Des'ree also won BBC poll for "Worst Pop Lyricist" for the 1998 single "Life", though it went to no 1in Japan, Spain and several other European countries.
Between 1999 and 2003, Des'ree studied photography, ceramics and art at the Camberwell College of Arts.
Discography.
Vinyl records.
Des'ree had British RPMs sold from 1991 to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19337575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337575" title="Xtube">
Xtube

XTube is a Netherlands-based pornographic video hosting service which allows users to share adult video content with others. Among other things, the terms of use of xtube.com state that users must be 18 years of age or older.
XTube is notable for being the first adult tube site, and claims that it has over 9 million registered users and an Alexa Internet traffic rank of global average of 491, and a United States ranking of 273. 

</doc>
<doc id="19337595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337595" title="Miroslav Grčev">
Miroslav Grčev

Miroslav Grčev () (born 1955 in Skopje, Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian architect, graphic designer, and caricaturist. He is known for having designed the current flag of the Republic of Macedonia and a popular proposal for a new coat of arms of the Republic of Macedonia.
He started interesting in graphic design in the mid-1970s, when he worked on the design of LP records. In 1979, Grčev graduated from the Faculty of Architecture in Skopje. Today, he teaches as a professor of urban planning at the Faculty of Architecture in Skopje.
Miroslav Grčev was mayor of central Skopje municipality "Centar" in 1996-2000 from Social Democratic Union of Macedonia. He is one of the most ardent critics of the identity policy of "antiquization" and of the associated urban plan Skopje 2014, carried out by the Macedonian governments after 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19337602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337602" title="Bodil Joensen">
Bodil Joensen

Bodil Joensen or Bodil Jørgensen (25 September 1944 – 3 January 1985) was a Danish pornographic actress born in the village of Hundige, near Copenhagen. An animal lover, she ran a small entrepreneurial farm and animal husbandry business, and enjoyed celebrity status from her many pornographic films in which she engaged in sex acts with animals.
An icon and celebrity for a time, with her own successful business, she failed to make the transition to movies when market sentiment changed and became impoverished, dependent on alcohol, stopped being able to care for her animals, and died some few years later. The love of her life was her dog, but friends comment she was very close to all animals, and before her decline cared deeply and affectionately for every type, from rabbits to pigs.
Early life.
The daughter of a devout Christian mother and an absentee military father, Joensen grew up in the Copenhagen suburb of Hundige. Her mother was often physically abusive, sometimes violently so, and would whip her. At the age of 12, she was possibly raped by a stranger in a railway station — her Danish biography and 1980s interview say that they "just talked" or that she was "nearly raped," but her mother believed she had been actually raped. On returning home to tell her mother, she was beaten and blamed for the incident. Seeking a means to retaliate, she vowed to her mother that when she grew up she would have sex with boars, commenting in interview that her mother was "so shocked, she thought I was allied to the Devil." Turning to animals for affection, her dog became her best friend, companion and lover, and she wore a locket with his picture for the rest of her life.
Initially, after leaving home at 15, Joensen worked on a farm in a conservative area of Denmark. Her landlord, a farmer called Nielsen, commented, "She was passionate about animals," adding that she was entranced by the sight of animals breeding, an activity she stated she found "wonderful" to help with. She later left to set up her own breeding farm, "Insemination Central," which became popular for her ability to handle aggressive animals such as boars, and was then ruined by country gossip, spread principally by farmers' wives who were unhappy at the prospect of their husbands working with a young single girl on farm business. Friends commented that she "was never given much of a chance" by such people. She commented later that "9 out of 10 men wanted to fuck me, and their wives hated me."
Pornography career.
Launched in the context of a failing business and attempts to remain solvent in order to keep her livestock and home, her career in pornography began at age 17 when she appeared in "light fetish" pornography before establishing herself in the bestiality subgenre at around age 25. She starred in a number of feature films and shorts for companies such as Color Climax Corporation, and for the pornographer Ole Ege, in which she and other actors had sex with various animal species. Between 1969 and 1972 she starred with animals in over 40 movies.
In this genre, Joensen drew special attention worldwide as the "Boar Girl," a reputation earned from her live performances with swine, as well as her participation in films shot with pigs on her own breeding centre. The movies she appeared in combined a peculiar blend of the "tolerant contemporary Danish society" image and Scandinavian rustic nostalgia. Her Danish biography comments of her domestic life: "The scene is classic Rabelaisian more than anything else, harkening back to the Middle Ages when people and their animals often did live in the same house."
The award-winning documentary "Bodil Joensen - en sommerdag juli 1970" (1970) by Shinkichi Tajiri, shows her living with her animals on her farm during this era, including their care, her affection for them, and her sexual life, entirely to the tune of Beethoven's Sixth Symphony (Pastoral)—an involuntary artistic choice that became necessary when the original soundtrack recordings became unavailable through a gaffe. At the time, she lived with "two rabbits, seven dogs, a dozen pigs, some cats, a guinea pig, a mare and a beautiful black stallion named Dreamlight." Her Danish biographer commented later that she seemed a very open, warm-hearted person, "very at home with nature," and that "when she plays her erotic game with the dog or horse, it is not only a sexual curiosity, it is an erotic play with animals she loves and who are devoted to her." It was the surprising winner of the "Grand Prize" of the "Wet Dream Film Festival" in Amsterdam, November 26–29, 1970, where it premiered. Joensen immediately became an underground celebrity, and drew attention from other documentary makers as well as tourists towards her expanding farm.
Later life and death.
By the early 1970s, Joensen had managed to achieve her goal of living on her own farm with her daughter (born circa 1972), as well with her companion/partner. Joensen helped finance the farm by allowing sex tourists to visit it and make private films with her animals.
Friends comment about that time that she was "easily exploited by almost anyone with a camera" and that the visitors "just wanted pornography, they didn't care about knowing her." Neighbours, once friendly, turned dark and hostile, forcing her to move repeatedly. As the Danish adult industry began looking to other content, Joensen failed to make the transition from porn to other movies, and her financial stability and life began to fall apart. After 1972, she experienced a sharp deterioration, undergoing very obvious physical and psychological changes, including depression, first working as a "live show" and "sexual roleplay" girl. By 1980, with little remaining means of income and spiralling debt, the only work she was able to retain was a hectic routine of small scale live shows most evenings. Tajiri commented, sadly: "Accepting the 'Grand Prix' at the first Wet Dream Film Festival was the worst mistake we made with our film, but we were too flattered by the response at the time to realize it."
Joensen commented in a 1980 interview:
Her life falling apart, Joensen became dependent on alcohol, and progressively less able to care for her animals. In 1981, following a change in Denmark's laws, she was raided for "sickening" animal neglect, and went to prison for 30 days. None of her animals ultimately survived, and Bodil herself did not recover after they were euthanised. With little left, she turned to street prostitution to support herself, her partner (an alcoholic himself) and daughter, although friends comment that even then, she did not want to be with people this way – all she wanted was her animals, as it once had been. Resorting to exchanging any sexual favour for alcohol and tranquilizers, she stated in her final interview that "in my position it is hard to turn down anything, no matter how disgusting... for me, staying alive in the hooking business is hell."
Joensen gave her last interview in 1980 and died in 1985. Many believed her to have committed suicide. However, the April 2006 UK documentary titled "The Dark Side of Porn: The Real Animal Farm" traced the production of the notorious underground film known as "Animal Farm" from excerpts of her many bestiality films. In this documentary, it was stated, by a close friend of Joensen's, that she died on 3 January 1985 from cirrhosis of the liver. She was 40 years of age at the time of her death.

</doc>
<doc id="19337621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337621" title="The Unknown Warrior">
The Unknown Warrior

The British tomb of The Unknown Warrior holds an unidentified British soldier killed on a European battlefield during the First World War. He was buried in Westminster Abbey, London on 11 November 1920, simultaneously with a similar interment of a French unknown soldier at the Arc de Triomphe in France, making both tombs the first to honour the unknown dead of the First World War. It is the first example of a Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
History.
Origins.
The idea of a Tomb of the Unknown Warrior was first conceived in 1916 by the Reverend David Railton, who, while serving as an army chaplain on the Western Front, had seen a grave marked by a rough cross, which bore the pencil-written legend 'An Unknown British Soldier'.
He wrote to the Dean of Westminster in 1920 proposing that an unidentified British soldier from the battlefields in France be buried with due ceremony in Westminster Abbey "amongst the kings" to represent the many hundreds of thousands of Empire dead. The idea was strongly supported by the Dean and the then Prime Minister David Lloyd George.
Selection, arrival and ceremony.
Arrangements were placed in the hands of Lord Curzon of Kedleston who prepared in committee the service and location. Suitable remains were exhumed from various battlefields and brought to the chapel at Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise near Arras, France on the night of 7 November 1920. The bodies were received by Rev George Kendall OBE. Brigadier General L.J. Wyatt and Lieutenant Colonel E.A.S. Gell of the Directorate of Graves Registration and Enquiries went into the chapel alone. The remains were on stretchers each covered by Union Flags: the two officers did not know from which battlefield any individual body had come. General Wyatt with closed eyes rested his hand on one of the bodies. The two officers placed the body in a plain coffin and sealed it. The other bodies were then taken away for reburial by Mr Kendall. It seems highly likely that the bodies were carefully selected and it is almost certain that the Unknown Warrior was a soldier serving in Britain's pre-war regular army and not a sailor, airman, or Empire Serviceman.
The coffin stayed at the chapel overnight and on the afternoon of 8 November, it was transferred under guard and escorted by Rev Mr Kendall, with troops lining the route, from Ste Pol to the medieval castle within the ancient citadel at Boulogne. For the occasion, the castle library was transformed into a chapelle ardente: a company from the French 8th Infantry Regiment, recently awarded the Légion d'Honneur en masse, stood vigil overnight.
The following morning, two undertakers entered the castle library and placed the coffin into a casket of the oak timbers of trees from Hampton Court Palace. The casket was banded with iron, and a medieval crusader's sword chosen by the king personally from the Royal Collection was affixed to the top and surmounted by an iron shield bearing the inscription 'A British Warrior who fell in the Great War 1914–1918 for King and Country'.
The casket was then placed onto a French military wagon, drawn by six black horses. At 10.30 am, all the church bells of Boulogne tolled; the massed trumpets of the French cavalry and the bugles of the French infantry played "Aux Champs" (the French "Last Post"). Then, the mile-long procession—led by one thousand local schoolchildren and escorted by a division of French troops—made its way down to the harbour.
At the quayside, Marshal Foch saluted the casket before it was carried up the gangway of the destroyer, , and piped aboard with an admiral's call. The "Verdun" slipped anchor just before noon and was joined by an escort of six battleships. As the flotilla carrying the casket closed on Dover Castle it received a 19-gun Field Marshal's salute. It was landed at Dover Marine Railway Station at the Western Docks on 10 November. The body of the Unknown Warrior was carried to London in South Eastern and Chatham Railway General Utility Van No.132, which had previously carried the bodies of Edith Cavell and Charles Fryatt. The van has been preserved by the Kent and East Sussex Railway. The train went to Victoria Station, where it arrived at platform 8 at 8.32 pm that evening and remained overnight. (A plaque at Victoria Station marks the site: every year on 10 November, a small Remembrance service, organised by The Western Front Association, takes place between platforms 8 and 9.)
On the morning of 11 November 1920, the casket was placed onto a gun carriage of the Royal Horse Artillery and drawn by six horses through immense and silent crowds. As the cortege set off, a further field marshal's salute was fired in Hyde Park. The route followed was Hyde Park Corner, The Mall, and to Whitehall where the Cenotaph, a "symbolic empty tomb", was unveiled by King-Emperor George V. The cortège was then followed by the king, the Royal Family and ministers of state to Westminster Abbey, where the casket was borne into the West Nave of the Abbey flanked by a guard of honour of one hundred recipients of the Victoria Cross.
The guests of honour were a group of about one hundred women. They had been chosen because they had each lost their husband and all their sons in the war. "Every woman so bereft who applied for a place got it".
The coffin was then interred in the far western end of the nave, only a few feet from the entrance, in soil brought from each of the main battlefields, and covered with a silk pall. Servicemen from the armed forces stood guard as tens of thousands of mourners filed silently past. The ceremony appears to have served as a form of catharsis for collective mourning on a scale not previously known.
The grave was then capped with a black Belgian marble stone (the only tombstone in the Abbey on which it is forbidden to walk) featuring this inscription, composed by Dean Ryle, Dean of Westminster, engraved with brass from melted down wartime ammunition:
BENEATH THIS STONE RESTS THE BODY 
OF A BRITISH WARRIOR
UNKNOWN BY NAME OR RANK 
BROUGHT FROM FRANCE TO LIE AMONG 
THE MOST ILLUSTRIOUS OF THE LAND 
AND BURIED HERE ON ARMISTICE DAY 
11 NOV: 1920, IN THE PRESENCE OF 
HIS MAJESTY KING GEORGE V 
HIS MINISTERS OF STATE 
THE CHIEFS OF HIS FORCES 
AND A VAST CONCOURSE OF THE NATION
THUS ARE COMMEMORATED THE MANY 
MULTITUDES WHO DURING THE GREAT 
WAR OF 1914 – 1918 GAVE THE MOST THAT 
MAN CAN GIVE LIFE ITSELF 
FOR GOD 
FOR KING AND COUNTRY 
FOR LOVED ONES HOME AND EMPIRE 
FOR THE SACRED CAUSE OF JUSTICE AND 
THE FREEDOM OF THE WORLD
THEY BURIED HIM AMONG THE KINGS BECAUSE HE 
HAD DONE GOOD TOWARD GOD AND TOWARD
HIS HOUSE 
Around the main inscription are four texts:
UNKNOWN AND YET WELL KNOWN, DYING AND BEHOLD WE LIVE (side)
GREATER LOVE HATH NO MAN THAN THIS (side)
IN CHRIST SHALL ALL BE MADE ALIVE (base)
Later history.
A year later, on 17 October 1921, the unknown warrior was given the United States' highest award for valour, the Medal of Honor, from the hand of General John Pershing; it hangs on a pillar close to the tomb. On 11 November 1921, the American Unknown Soldier was reciprocally awarded the Victoria Cross.
When Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon married the future King George VI on 26 April 1923, she laid her bouquet at the Tomb on her way into the Abbey, as a tribute to her brother Fergus who had died at the Battle of Loos in 1915 (and whose name was then listed among those of the missing on the Loos Memorial, although in 2012 a new headstone was erected in the Quarry Cemetery, Vermelles). Royal brides married at the Abbey now have their bouquets laid on the tomb the day after the wedding and all of the official wedding photographs have been taken. It is also the only tomb not to have been covered by a special red carpet for the wedding of Prince Albert, Duke of York, and Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon.
Before she died in 2002, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother (the same Elizabeth who first laid her wedding bouquet at the tomb) expressed the wish for her wreath to be placed on the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior. Her daughter, Queen Elizabeth II, laid the wreath the day after the funeral.
The British Unknown Warrior came 76th in the 100 Great Britons poll. The LMS-Patriot Project, a charitable organisation, is building a new steam locomotive that will carry the name "The Unknown Warrior". The new loco has been endorsed by the Royal British Legion as the new National Memorial Engine. A public appeal to build the locomotive was launched in 2008. "The Unknown Warrior" is expected to be complete by 2018—the 100th Anniversary of the Armistice, if sufficient funds can be raised.
The day after the wedding of William and Catherine Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on 29 April 2011, the Duchess' wedding bouquet was laid on the tomb.
On 24 May 2011 the President of the United States Barack Obama laid a wreath at the memorial during his first official visit to Britain. Heads of state from over 70 countries have now given the Unknown Warrior this honour.
Related memorials.
There have been three related memorials erected since 1920 for the Unknown Warrior:

</doc>
<doc id="19337623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337623" title="Clark Peterson">
Clark Peterson

Clark Peterson (born February 7, 1966, in Los Angeles, California) is an American film producer and entertainment executive.
Biography.
Producer of the Academy Award-winning "Monster" starring Charlize Theron, Clark Peterson has produced and executive produced a wide variety of award-winning films, documentaries, and television movies. Most recently, Peterson produced 2011's critically acclaimed "Rampart,” starring Woody Harrelson and directed by Oren Moverman, from a screenplay by Moverman and James Ellroy. Other past projects include "My Date with Drew,” "Dim Sum Funeral,” and "East of Havana,” a documentary about the Cuban hip-hop scene.
A graduate of Stanford University, Peterson began his career working in development and production for producer Roger Corman before later joining the Walt Disney Studios as an executive. Prior to "Monster,” he produced and executive produced such films as "The Watcher" with Keanu Reeves and James Spader, "Table for One" starring Rebecca DeMornay, and "Tart" with Dominique Swain, Brad Renfro, and Melanie Griffith.
In addition to pre-production work on Roger Allers' 3D animated film adaptation of Khalil Gibran's legendary work The Prophet, Peterson is currently in post-production on "Devil's Knot." Directed by Atom Egoyan, the film depicts the true story of the devastating murder trial of three teenage boys who later infamously became known as "The West Memphis Three." Based on the non-fiction book by Mara Leveritt and adapted by Paul Harris Boardman and Scott Derrickson, the film stars Reese Witherspoon and Colin Firth.
Personal life.
He is married to Stacy Rukeyser, a television writer and producer, who is the daughter of Louis Rukeyser the former host of Wall Street Week.
The couple has one child.

</doc>
<doc id="19337629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337629" title="My Baby Loves Me (Just the Way That I Am)">
My Baby Loves Me (Just the Way That I Am)

"My Baby Loves Me (Just the Way That I Am)" is the title of a song written by American singer-songwriter Gretchen Peters. The song was first recorded by Canadian country music singer Patricia Conroy on her 1992 album, "Bad Day for Trains". Her version was released in May 1992 as the first single from her album and peaked at #8 on the "RPM" Top Country Tracks chart.
Martina McBride version.
Martina McBride covered the song in 1993 under the title of "My Baby Loves Me". Her rendition was released in July 1993 as the first single from her 1993 album "The Way That I Am" and peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and reached number-one on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
McBride's version includes slide guitar and six-string bass riffs from Paul Worley, who criticized his own performance on them and said that they "somehow never got erased".
Music video.
A music video was filmed for this version of the song. It was directed by Steven Goldmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19337640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337640" title="Red King (comics)">
Red King (comics)

Red King, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19337645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337645" title="2001 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
2001 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 2001 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama during 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season. They began their season trying to improve upon a 3–8 (3–5) record during the 2000 season. This was the team's 69th season in the SEC. This marked Dennis Franchiones first season as head coach of the Crimson Tide following the dismissal of Mike DuBose. The team finished with a victory in the 2001 Independence Bowl and an overall record of 7–5.
Game notes.
UCLA.
Dennis Franchione's first game as head coach of the Crimson Tide, pitted the Bruins of the Pacific-10 Conference. ESPN's College Gameday was in Tuscaloosa for the first time ever (they had previously visited Alabama home games at Legion Field in Birmingham). Although Alabama outgained UCLA in total offense 458–291, the Bruins were victorious by a final score of 20–17 before a sold-out home crowd. The Tide took an early 10–0 lead on a 78-yard Antonio Carter touchdown reception from Tyler Watts and 30-yard Neal Thomas field goal. UCLA responded with 20 consecutive points to take a lead that would not be relinquished. The final Alabama score came late in the fourth on a 71-yard touchdown pass from Andrew Zow to Freddie Milons. 
Vanderbilt.
Dennis Franchione notched his first win as head coach of the Crimson Tide, in a game of field goals, and defeated Vanderbilt 12–9. 
Arkansas.
As a result of the September 11 Attacks, the September 15, 2001, contest with Southern Miss was postponed, resulting in the Razorbacks being the Tide's third opponent on the season. Although outgained in total offense, a pair of defensive touchdowns put the Tide over the top before an emotional home crowd 31–10. Bama would score its first points on an 11-yard Ahmaad Galloway touchdown run to take a 7–3 lead in the first quarter. In the second, the teams would alternate touchdowns with Reggie Myles scoring on a 42-yard fumble recovery for the Tide and Brandon Holmes scoring on a 1-yard run to have Bama leading 14–10 at the half. The Tide would open their second half scoring with a 36-yard Neal Thomas field goal followed by a 39-yard Freddie Milons touchdown reception from Tyler Watts. The final points of the evening would come with only 00:20 remaining in the game when Thurman Ward returning an interception 60-yards for a touchdown.
South Carolina.
Although the Tide gained 516 yards of total offense, the Gamecocks prevailed by a final score of 37–36. The South Carolina victory marked their first victory over Alabama in school history. 
UTEP.
The Tide gained 588 yards of total offense, and defeated the Miners by a final score of 56–7 in the first Legion Field game of the 2001 season. Bama scored 21 points in first on a pair of Donnie Lowe touchdown runs (2 and 1 yard respectively) and a 10-yard Triandos Luke touchdown reception from Tyler Watts. Another 21 points were scored in the second on a pair of Watts touchdown runs (16 and 9 yard respectively) and a 2-yard Luke touchdown reception to give Bama a 42–0 halftime lead. The scoring continued in the second half on a 12-yard Marvin Brown touchdown run and 2-yard Ray Hudson touchdown run. 
Ole Miss.
Thirteen unanswered points in the fourth resulted in the Rebels defeating the Tide before the home crowd by a final score of 27–24. Bama scored first on a 6-yard Ahmaad Galloway touchdown run, only to have Ole Miss take the lead after touchdown runs on a 1-yard Toward Sanford run and 25-yard Joe Gunn run. The Tide responded with a 58-yard Sam Collins touchdown reception from Tyler Watts and 31 yard Neal Thomas field goal to take a 17–14 halftime lead. 
Alabama extended their lead to 24–14 in the third on a 7-yard Triandos Luke touchdown reception. Ole Miss would respond with a 19-yard Charles Stackhouse touchdown run and Eli Manning hitting Gunn for a 3-yard touchdown pass to seal the victory with 00:46 remaining in the game. For the game, Ole Miss outgained the Tide 430–363 in total offense.
Tennessee.
Although Alabama took a 24–21 lead into the fourth quarter, 14 unanswered points in the fourth resulted in Bama losing its seventh consecutive contest to the Vols in the annual Third Saturday in October game. After falling behind 14–3 on a 21-yard pass from Casey Clausen to Donte Stallworth and a 60-yard Travis Stephens run, the Tide responded with a pair of Sam Collins touchdown receptions to take a 17–14 lead. 
The Vols responded and took a 21–17 lead following a 21-yard Jason Witten touchdown reception, only to again fall behind 24–21 after a four-yard Ahmaad Galloway touchdown run. Tennessee again came from behind and dominated the fourth quarter and seal the victory with an one-yard Clausen and one-yard Stephens touchdown runs in the fourth.
LSU.
On Homecoming in Tuscaloosa, LSU dominated in gaining 611 yards of total offense (with a record 528 yards through the air) and defeated the Tide 35–21. LSU took a 14–0 lead in the first quarter on a 3-yard LaBrandon Toefield run and a 34-yard touchdown pass from Rohan Davey to Jerel Myers. Bama responded in the second with a 22-yard Neal Thomas field goal and 5-yard touchdown pass from Tyler Watts to Terry Jones, Jr. to make the score to 14–10 at the half. 
Early in the third, Toefield again scored on a two-yard run to give the Tigers a 21–10 lead. Bama tied the game at 21 after another Thomas field goal and 22-yard Watts touchdown run. LSU responded and scored on a 25-yard Josh Reed touchdown reception late in the third and on a 6-yard Toefield touchdown run in the fourth. Reed's 293 yards receiving set a SEC record for receiving yardage in a game.
Mississippi State.
Bama put an end to a three-game losing streak and defeated the Bulldogs of Mississippi State 24–17 before the home crowd. Th Tide took a 10–0 lead late into the second quarter on a 6-yard Santonio Beard touchdown run and 20-yard Neal Thomas field goal. The Bulldogs answered, and scored the next 17 points on a pair of Kevin Fant touchdown passes and a 43-yard John M. Marlin field goal to take a 17–10 lead into the fourth quarter. In the fourth, Andrew Zow hit Donnie Lowe for a 10-yard touchdown strike to tie the game at 17, with Beard scoring his second touchdown on a game-winning, 14-yard run. 
Auburn.
On "The Plains", Alabama outgained the Tigers in total offense 549–272 and secured the Tide's victory at Auburn 31–10 in the 2001 Iron Bowl. After a scoreless first, Bama scored first on an eight-yard Santonio Beard touchdown run. Auburn answered with their lone score on a 5-yard Ronnie Brown run. The Tide scored next with Andrew Zow connecting with Jason McAddley for a 45-yard touchdown strike to give the visitors a 14–7 lead at the half. 
The second half again saw the Tide strike early on a 47-yard Beard run, with the final scores coming in the fourth on a 10-yard Terry Jones, Jr. touchdown reception and a 26-yard Neal Thomas field goal. Although slightly outgained in passing yardage 221–231, Bama outrushed the Tigers 328–41 to give Alabama the 31–7 victory. 
Southern Miss.
The contest against the Golden Eagles was originally to have been played on September 15, 2001; however, as a result of the September 11 attacks, the game was postponed and subsequently played on November 29, a Thursday night, at Legion Field. Although mired in rainy and windy conditions, both Ahmaad Galloway (on runs of 40 and 11 yards respectively) and Andrew Zow (on a 14-yard pass to Sam Collins, and a 26-yard pass to Freddie Milons) each notched a pair of touchdowns in the victory. 
Iowa State.
In the 26th annual Independence Bowl, the Tide struggled against the Cyclones offensively and were outgained 456 yards of offense to 269, but a missed 47-yard field goal attempt with 46 seconds left in the game sealed the victory for Alabama. 

</doc>
<doc id="19337655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337655" title="Cosmin Bodea">
Cosmin Bodea

Cosmin Bodea (born 12 June 1973 in Beiuş) is a retired Romanian professional footballer who played as a defender for FC Braşov in the Romanian Premier League and Sakaryaspor in the Süper Lig.
Bodea appeared with a Romania select team that played the Kuwait national football team in 2002, but never appeared for the senior Romania national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19337677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337677" title="Dimitrios Katiakos">
Dimitrios Katiakos

Dimitrios Katiakos, also spelled Dimitris Katiakos (born March 10, 1987 in Cholargos, Attica, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.05 m (6 ft 8 ¾ in) tall and plays at the power forward position.
Club career.
At the club level, Katiakos currently plays for O.F.I.
Greek national basketball team.
Katiakos also played with Greece's junior national teams at the FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship and at the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19337682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337682" title="Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism">
Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism

The Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism is one of the sixteen colleges and schools at West Virginia University, located in Morgantown, West Virginia. It is currently housed in Martin Hall.
History.
The School of Journalism was created by Dr. Perley Isaac Reed. Dr. Reed arrived at West Virginia University in 1920 and was assigned to teach English and Journalism courses at the College of the Arts and Sciences. Soon, Reed made it his personal mission to expand the courseload, which also included journalism history, editing, advertisement writing and trade and industrial journalism, in just a few years.
To gain further momentum, Reed used his involvement in the West Virginia State Newspaper Council to improve the press and its profitability. Using their political power they applied pressure and in the year 1927, Journalism became a department and later became a school in 1939.
The school did not have a building to call its home until 1953 when Martin Hall was given to the Journalism school. Prior to that, it had occupied only several rooms nearby in Woodburn Hall.
Location.
West Virginia University’s School of Journalism, has been located in Martin Hall since 1954. Although the School of Journalism only began its stay at Martin Hall fifty four years ago, Martin Hall has been part of Woodburn Circle for decades longer. 
On June 16, 1869, an assembly of people gathered on the property that would ultimately be used to build West Virginia University’s first new building. It took only $16,000 that was raised through the sale of the Monongalia Academy building, to build Martin Hall. 
In 1870, Martin Hall was erected by West Virginia University specifically for the use of students and faculty. It holds the distinction of being the oldest academic building on the West Virginia University campus. 
Martin was modeled after French architecture. The roof slopes down at the sides and is flattened at the top which comes from the idea of a “Mansard roof” which is a style that originated in Paris, France. 
The original hall built in 1870 looks much like it does today with only minor rehabilitation to improve the inside. In 1911, the clock that was located in a tower at the top of Martin was removed and placed on top of Woodburn hall, where it has remained the focal point of Woodburn Circle for almost one hundred years. 
Throughout 1977-1978, Martin Hall underwent rehabilitation and a large addition was built onto the side of the building. Recently though, Martin Hall has been with going cleaning and has been revamped to make it more modern. Thanks to the school of Journalism Facilities Management and the Office of the Provost, Martin has undergone almost $1.5 million in repairs and upgrades.
Academic programs.
 The Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism offers four distinct undergraduate majors, three graduate programs and many different clubs and organizations. Internships at regional and national news stations, public relations firms and advertising agencies are common for WVU Journalism students.
Undergraduate.
Advertising: The P.I. Reed Advertising program enables students to learn the techniques needed to create and “produce persuasive advertising campaigns." Through writing and research courses, advertising students will gain the ability to graphically and strategically plan media campaigns and marketing programs. 
Broadcast News: The P.I. Reed Broadcast News program gives students a well-rounded education in reporting, writing and producing news stories. Their “state-of-the-art digital equipment and technology” provides these students with the opportunity to produce their own bi-weekly news program, “WVU News."
Classes and university sponsored programs—like the student-run radio station U-92—give broadcast students hands-on experience with news writing and reporting through radio and television broadcasts.
WVU Broadcast students won an Emmy for their documentary “Cancer Stories: Lessons in Love, Loss and Hope”.
News Editorial: The P.I. Reed News-Editorial program focuses on the print aspect of journalism, giving students the knowledge and skills needed in the news world today. In the senior capstone class, students write for a state or regional news publication, gaining experience and “clips” to add to their portfolios.
Public Relations: The P.I. Reed Public Relations program teaches students how to create media campaigns and plan events for different types of organizations and firms. Students are given the opportunity to work with different companies on public relations issues and tasks through campus activities or internships. In addition, they will learn the essential journalism skills of writing, research and interviewing.
Graduate programs.
“The P.I. Reed School of Journalism offers two distinct Master’s degree programs — Journalism and the totally online Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) program, as well as IMC and Digital Marketing Communications (DMC) graduate certificate programs."
Master's Degree in Integrated Marketing Communications:
The Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism at West Virginia University was the first online Integrated Marketing Communications program in the country through which students could earn a master’s degree in Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC). "The curriculum is focused on providing students with practical, cutting-edge skills they can use in their professional lives, and members of the IMC faculty are accomplished educators and leading professionals in the industry. The IMC program attracts competitive students and faculty from all over the world."
Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) Doctoral Program:
The Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism plans to launch a doctoral program in Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) that would prepare graduates for careers in academia and targeted industry positions.
Admittance.
In order to get into the Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism, students are required to take the Journalism Qualifying Exam (JQE). It is a 100-point multiple choice test that is administered twice per semester, and once during the summer. The components of the exam include: Vocabulary, Reading Comprehension, Spelling, Language Mechanics and Language Expressions. Along with prerequisites, students must pass this exam to be admitted into any of the Journalism sequences.
Clubs.
The P.I. Reed School of Journalism offers a variety of clubs for its students, depending on interests and majors. Each club is student-run and is sponsored by a faculty member from the school of journalism.
Advertising Club: The Advertising Club at WVU provides a resume builder for students and can be vital in the networking process. The WVU Ad Club’s mission is to “bring insight and experience in the advertising business as well as connections with other advertising students.” West Virginia University: Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism. This club is a local chapter of the American Advertising Federation and WVU students compete in the regional AAF competitions. 
"Ad Club Awards" 
Diversity in Media Association (DIMA): 
DIMA (Diversity in Media Association) is a student organization that stands as an advocate for the understanding of cultural, religious, and racial differences. DIMA is devoted to utilizing media outlets in order to highlight issues of diversity in local and world news. This club has an ongoing challenge as a service group to both educate the college community and help those in need of a voice. 
All Things Magazine: Ed On Campus: This is the School of Journalism’s newest installment. Following the design of the national organization, Ed 2010, this club offers aspiring magazine journalists information on how to make it in the magazine world. Resume workshops, guest speakers and networking opportunities are among many of Ed on Campus’ programs. Ed 2010’s founder and president, Chandra Czape Turner, came to speak at the Perley Isaac Reed School of Journalism in the fall of 2007—the first semester of the Ed on Campus’ WVU chapter. 
Public Relations Student Society of America (PRSSA): The WVU chapter of PRSSA participates every year in the national conference and the Bateman Case Study Competition where they coordinate affairs for a student-run organization and design public relations campaigns.
Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ): WVU’s chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists follows the national organization’s mission of providing the truth in journalism, the “flow of information” and protection of the first amendment. The WVU chapter will soon be starting a nationwide petition to get other SPJ’s to join them in urging Congress to adopt a federal shield law—which would protect journalists from jail time if they refuse to give up their sources.
Alumni Association Awards.
The P.I. Reed Achievement Award is the most prestigious award given to alumnus; recognizing “outstanding achievements in the field of journalism." The award was created in 1966.
The Friend of the School acknowledges alumnus for their “support and commitment to the School of Journalism.” Candidates for this award do not have to be school of journalism graduates.
The Martin Hall Cornerstone Award, established in 2003, recognizes graduates that are active in volunteering for the alumni association.
The P.I. Reed Young Alum Award, established in 2004, honors graduates from the past ten years that have excelled in their field or profession (Alumni Association).

</doc>
<doc id="19337691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337691" title="Monte Carlo (musical)">
Monte Carlo (musical)

Monte Carlo is an Edwardian musical comedy in two acts with a book by Sidney Carlton, music by Howard Talbot with English lyrics by Harry Greenbank. The work was first performed at the Avenue Theatre in London, opening on 27 August 1896. The New York production opened on March 21, 1898 at the Herald Square Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19337712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337712" title="Back Here">
Back Here

"Back Here" is the debut single by British pop rock band BBMak. It was written by the three members of the group (Mark Barry, Christian Burns and Stephen McNally) along with songwriter Phil Thornalley. It appears on BBMak's debut studio album, "Sooner or Later".
"Back Here" was originally released in the UK in 1999, where it made the Top 40 on the UK Singles Chart in August, peaking at number 37. The next year, the song was released in the United States and proved more successful, rising to number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in July of that year and remaining in the Top 40 for 24 weeks. It also spent seven weeks atop the US "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart that same year. The single was re-released in the UK in February 2001 and made the Top 10 on the UK Singles Chart, debuting at #5.
After BBMak disbanded in 2003, the former members have pursued solo careers in the music and entertainment business. "Back Here" remains the group's biggest hit in either the UK or the US. This song was also featured on the 2000 compilation album "Now That's What I Call Music! 5"
Track Listings.
US Single
UK Promo CD August 9, 1999
UK Maxi-CD
Europe Single
Germany Promo CD
Germany Maxi-CD
Production.
Back Here:
Produced by Oliver Leiber and John Shanks
Back Here(Acoustic Version):
Produced by BBMak
More Than Words:
Produced by BBMak and Darren Allison
Miss You More:
Produced by BBMak, Mark Jolley, Milton McDonald and Richard Cardwell
Music videos.
There are two versions of the video. The first made for the UK release of the single was filmed in Los Angeles and directed by Dani Jacobs. The second version was made for the US release and also directed by Dani Jacobs was filmed in London. It features the band performing on the platform of Canary Wharf DLR station and also scenes in the London Eye. the first use of this as a film location.

</doc>
<doc id="19337719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337719" title="M1918">
M1918

Under the old Model-year nomenclature system many different Pieces of equipment had the same Model number.

</doc>
<doc id="19337768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337768" title="Trevor Read">
Trevor Read

Trevor Read (born December 1, 1980 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Rapaces de Gap in France.
Career.
Read began his professional hockey career in 2002 with the ECHL's Toledo Storm. He also played in the ECHL for the Peoria Rivermen and the Long Beach Ice Dogs. Read then moved to the Central Hockey League for a brief spell with the Austin Ice Bats before spending two and a half years with the Amarillo Gorillas. He moved to the UK in 2008, signing with the Basingstoke Bison and left on 30 September 2009 United Kingdom to sign for French team Rapaces de Gap.

</doc>
<doc id="19337776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337776" title="Bruno Lanteri">
Bruno Lanteri

Venerable Father Pio Bruno Pancrazio Lanteri, O.M.V., or simply Bruno Lanteri (12 May 1759 – 5 August 1830), was a Catholic priest and founder of the religious congregation of the Oblates of the Virgin Mary in the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia in northwestern Italy in the early 19th century. His spiritual life and work centered around the "Spiritual Exercises" of St. Ignatius of Loyola. He was also renowned for challenging Jansenism by distributing books and other publications that promoted the moral theology of St. Alphonsus Liguori, as well as establishing societies to continue this work. 
Lanteri's cause for canonization was begun in 1920 and he was declared Venerable by Pope Paul VI in 1965.
Personal charism.
Asceticism.
Lanteri's life was marked by physical suffering from his pulmonary conditions that restricted his public speaking ability and his poor eyesight, because of which he often sought an assistant to read aloud to him. At age seventeen he sought the quiet and prayer of Carthusian monastic life and, although his entry was prevented by fragile health, he maintained this desire for silence and solitude throughout his life. Witnesses of his life suggest that he reached the heights of mystical prayer during his years of house-arrest under Napoleon (1811–14).
Devotion to Mary.
At the death of Lanteri's mother in 1763, his father presented the four-year-old boy to a statue of Mary in their parish church, telling him, "She is your mother now." From this time, Lanteri maintained a deep and persistent devotion to Mary and communicated it to his colleagues and disciples, going so far as to declare that the religious institute he founded was principally the work of Mary and not his own.
Good books.
After meeting Fr. Nicolas Joseph Albert von Diessbach (25 February 1732 – 22 December 1798) in Torino in 1779, Lanteri adopted Diessbach's passion for distributing good books as a remedy with both spiritual and human dimensions. Diessbach himself was converted from the Calvinism of his youth and the agnosticism of his military years by the chance reading of a good book that passionately expounded the truths of Catholicism. With Lanteri he established a close-knit group of laypeople and clergy called the (Christian Friendship), who worked together to disseminate well-written, edifying books that inspired people to grow in their faith, contribute to society and cope with the unwelcome changes in their lives at the dawn of the French Revolution. The "Amicizia" maintained catalogues of such books and managed a covert lending library in support of this work. Lanteri also communicated this passion for good literature to the Oblates of the Virgin Mary.
Spirituality of discernment.
Fr. Diessbach, a former Jesuit (the Society of Jesus having been suppressed by Pope Clement XIV in 1773) also introduced Lanteri to the spiritual patrimony of St. Ignatius of Loyola, particularly his "Spiritual Exercises". In this series of guided meditations through which one becomes more attentive to the movements of the heart (discernment) and the accompanying rules for adapting them to individuals' particular spiritual needs, Lanteri recognized a powerful instrument for pastoral ministry, especially for conversion. He applied them continuously in his own life and prayer, recommended them to others, and established groups of people whom he trained to do the same. These groups eventually yielded to the formation of the (Priestly Residence) and the Oblates of the Virgin Mary, whom he charged to continue this work.
Contribution to moral theology.
Lanteri worked to turn the tide of Jansenism, which had become popular in Europe in the preceding centuries and retained many adherents in his time, though formally condemned by the Catholic Church. He himself held certain Jansenistic tenets at age 20, but through the influence of Jesuit Fr. Diessbach he encountered the moral theology of then-Blessed Alphonsus Liguori and definitively rejected Jansenism.
Lanteri subsequently promoted Liguorian moral theology, which is based on mercy and hope in contrast with a condemning and rigoristic Jansenism, both personally as he counseled people and young priests and institutionally through various publications. Of particular note is his 1823 book, published anonymously in French, entitled ("Reflections on the Holiness and Teaching of Blessed Liguori"). It was soon translated into Italian and then Spanish. In this prose work, Lanteri describes the character of Liguori and his doctrinal teaching, particularly his moral theology. The book includes an exhaustive catalogue of Liguori's written works, which was a substantial aid to the Vatican committee reviewing Alphonsus' life and works.
Scholars such as Guerber have shown that Lanteri, together with Diessbach and their associates in Northern Italy and France, was in large part responsible for the widespread familiarity among clergy with the moral theology of Alphonsus Liguori and its usefulness to both combat Jansenism and accomplish their evangelical mission. One persistent point of Lanteri's teaching was to always follow the magisterium of the Church; the writings of Alphonsus Liguori had been officially declared "free of anything worthy of censure", and Lanteri always used this fact in support of his own promotion of Liguori's teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="19337804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337804" title="Meitetsu 4000 series">
Meitetsu 4000 series

The is a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Nagoya Railroad (Meitetsu) in Japan since 2008.
Formation.
Trains are formed as follows.
The M1 and M2 cars each have one single-arm pantograph.
History.
The first 4-car set was built in 2008 for use on the Meitetsu Seto Line, entering service on 1 October 2008. Two more sets were delivered in April and May 2009.
Two sets were delivered during fiscal 2011, bringing the total fleet to 32 vehicles (8 sets) by March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19337810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337810" title="Free (Mýa song)">
Free (Mýa song)

"Free" is a song by American recording artist Mýá Harrsion. It served as Harrison’s third and final single from her second studio album "Fear of Flying" (2000). Originally featured on the soundtrack to the 2000 film "Bait", the song was one of the two tracks added to the re-release edition of "Fear of Flying" on November 7, 2000. It was written and composed by Jimmy Jam, Harrison, Terry Lewis, Alexander Richbourg, and Tony Tolbert. The lyrics of the song speak of being young and enjoying life.
The song received generally mixed reviews from contemporary music critics, musically comparing Free to Janet Jackson’s fourth studio album "Control" (1986). "Free" underperformed on "Billboard"s US Hot 100; peaking and spending two non-consecutive weeks at number forty-two. It was the second single by Harrison failed to reach the coveted Top 40. It performed even worse on "Billboard"s component chart Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart peaking at a moderately low number fifty-two. Internationally, the single reached the Top Five within Australia and the Top 20 within the UK. The song’s accompanying music video was filmed by director Dave Meyers. Harrison incorporates various dance routines throughout the video.
Composition.
"Free" is a dance pop song composed in the key of D major. The song's tempo is set at a moderate dance beat at 112 beats per minute in common time. Harrison's vocal range span from a F3 to D5. The lyrics of "Free" are composed in the traditional verse-chorus form. Mýa opens the song with brief spoken lyrics. She begins the first verse, followed by the chorus leading her into the second verse. The song continues to the bridge, chorus, then fades out with Mýa's chant.
Reception.
Critical.
"NME" gave the song a mixed review:
R&B's enduring (annoying?) cutesy pie has done the double. Released a single that ties in with her butter wouldn't melt image -how else to you explain the lyrics, "I'm me/single, sexy and free"? 
Yes, make no mistake, this is Mýa trapped in Lolita land (check out the video below) not sure if she's the insolent girlfriend ('Case of the Ex') or, as this track would paint her, a pre-teen with no idea of her temptation, but aware that she has 'something about her'.
Musically, this is right up Janet Jackson's old alley - more so before Janet found 'Control' and became obsessed with sex. So, if you're a chick who's so cute you turn yourself on, but still a virgin, this is your anthem. But of course, you'll be singing it to yourself, cos you love yourself so darn much, won't ya?!
Chart performance.
In the United States, for the issue dated week of February 3, 2001 Free was Billboard’s Hot 100 “Hot Shot Debut” of the week debuting at number seventy-six. In its third week it ascended from 74-61 issue dated week of February 17, 2001. The song reached its peak at number forty-one in its fourth week ascending from 61-41 issue dated week of February 24, 2001. It spent a total of 17 consecutive weeks on the chart. It was the second single released by Harrison to miss the coveted pop Top 40. On "Billboard"’s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart the song failed to achieve success; peaking at a moderately low fifty two issue dated week of December 28, 2000. 
Free was successful in international territories. In Australia, It debuted at number eleven during the week of June 3, 2001. It reached its peak at number four in its sixth week during the week of July 8, 2001. It spent a total of 15 consecutive weeks on the chart and was certified platinum by Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 70,000 units sold. It found success in the UK, it debuted and peaked at number eleven during the week of June 9, 2001. It spent a total of 6 consecutive weeks on the chart.
Music video.
The music video for Free was directed by Dave Meyers. Harrison explained to LAUNCH how involved she was in the making of "Free" speaking on following: the roller-skating, pop-locking, whacking, and the boogaloo were actually of all her concepts. Harrison got together with an underground dancer/choreographer and they put it together on their own. Mýa revealed it was a struggle and a fight working with someone underground because he's not established, but continued by saying that was the best thing about making Free because I knew him and what he had to offer and it was great.

</doc>
<doc id="19337827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337827" title="Chimera (The X-Files)">
Chimera (The X-Files)

"Chimera" is the sixteenth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network in the United States, on April 2, 2000, was written by David Amann, and directed by Cliff Bole. The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology. "Chimera" earned a Nielsen household rating of 7.5, being watched by 12.89 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder investigates what appears to be the case of a missing woman from a small town, but soon turns out to be a murder by a spirit summoned from the underworld. Scully, meanwhile, must endure an uncomfortable stakeout.
Similar to the season six episode, "Arcadia", "Chimera" was written as "a suburban parable about perfection" that examined "the evil that lies beneath a prototypical white-bread suburban existence." The episode was produced at a time when both David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson were directing their own episodes, and in order to compensate, Anderson's role was drastically reduced in the episode.
Plot.
A raven attacks a little girl, Michelle Crittendon, at a Bethany, Vermont park while a neighbor, Jenny Uphouse, watches. The bird is later found at her home. Her mother, Martha Crittendon, is then attacked and killed by an unseen monster. Meanwhile, in Washington, D.C., Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) are on a stakeout looking for a woman who is possibly killing prostitutes. Mulder believes she has the power to disappear because every time police attempt to arrest her she cannot be found. While on lookout, Mulder gets a call about the attack and leaves. Back at the office, Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) tells Mulder that Crittendon disappeared and asks him what he knows about ravens. Mulder believes that the bird is usually associated with evil. Skinner tells Mulder that this case is a top priority because Crittendon is the wife of a powerful judge. At the Crittendon home, Martha's husband, Howard, tells Mulder that his wife was cheating on him because he found birth control pills, which is suspicious because Howard has had a vasectomy. Another neighbor, Ellen Adderly, the wife of Sheriff Phil Adderly, is approached by Jenny and then sees a raven before the window of a nearby car shatters. At the Crittendon home, Michelle sees the raven outside her window again and Howard leaves to check it out, leading him to find a hand sticking out above the flower bushes. Later the police dig up Martha's body, with claw marks all over her face.
Ellen tells Mulder that she saw a reflection in the mirror earlier, and that's what killed Martha. Mulder believes the glass are doorways to a demonic dimension and that someone is summoning forth a demon to attack people. Ellen believes Jenny Uphouse summoned the spirits, but she denies it. Later, Ellen finds a skeleton key in her house and a raven by her babies crib. In a mirror, Ellen sees the reflection of a monster chasing after her, but it suddenly breaks. She hides in the closet until Phil comes home and finds her. However, he attributes the commotion to stress, believing that she is imagining things. Mulder finds the skeleton key and it matches one found in Martha Crittendon's coat pocket. Mulder deduces that the sheriff is having an affair with Jenny. Mulder later tells him that Martha was pregnant and that he thinks he is the father. The sheriff reveals that the key opened the door to a motel, where he and Jenny met for clandestine affairs. Meanwhile, at the motel, Jenny sees ravens outside and is promptly attacked and killed by the creature.
Phil explains to Mulder that he wanted a divorce from Ellen two years ago, but she got pregnant and would not allow it. He also believes that he is the reason for this happening and that he somehow summoned the entity. It turns out that Ellen is the entity, which is given away by a cut in her back given by Jenny during the attack. Ellen transforms into the creature, attacks Mulder, and attempts to drown him in a bath tub, but stops when she sees her monstrous reflection in the water. She is placed in a psychiatric hospital, where the doctors diagnose her with multiple personality disorder. Meanwhile, Scully reveals to Mulder that the mysterious prostitute killer was not an X-File at all, but rather a man disguised as a woman who talked to the prostitutes about religion and attempted to help them get out of the prostitution ring.
Production.
Writing.
The premise behind "Chimera" was "a compelling examination of the evil that lies beneath a prototypical white-bread suburban existence." These themes had previously been explored in the season six episode, "Arcadia". However, the show wished to explore the same ideas in a more "straight-ahead scare" style, rather than supplementing the horror of the episode with humor, as was done in "Arcadia". Series creator, Chris Carter, saw the episode as "a chance to do something bold and new." Carter wanted the story to revolve around a crow, an image that he described simply as "scary". With the story, he wanted to "bust pretense and perception and expose the underbelly of a white-bread community." Originally, the episode was going to feature a subterranean monster and was aptly going to be titled "Subterranean Monster Blues".
The episode was written in "a burst of twenty-hour days". Greg Walker, who assisted David Amann, described the finished script as "a suburban parable about perfection." Matt Hurwitz and Chris Knowles noted in their book, "The Complete X-Files", that "David Amman's script is an insightful commentary on suburban repression and self-delusion, which made a major comeback in the conservative late '90s." The episode soon went into pre-production, but first, several issues had to be addressed. Most notably, while the episode was being produced, David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson were also busy directing their own episodes—"Hollywood A.D." and "all things", respectively. To cope with this hectic schedule, the writers planned "Chimera" so that Duchovny and Anderson only had to be together in a limited number of scenes. Anderson was only needed for one day of filming for her auxiliary sub-plot involving the prostitute murderer.
Casting and filming.
Rick Millikan, the show's casting director, was tasked with finding "normal-looking suburban people" for the cast. Millikan later noted that "the show necessitated casting perfect people. But it's not that easy to find [...] normal-looking people. We've used so many people over the years that it's gotten harder and harder to find them. Several of the individuals cast had previously played parts in "obscure genre films": Michelle Joyner first appeared in the 1990 anthology film "Grim Prairie Tales", Gina Mastrogiacomo first was noted in her 1989 movie "Alien Space Avenger", John Mese had a part in the 1995 movie "Night of the Scarecrow", and finally, Wendy Schaal had appeared in the 1985 film "Creature".
Most of the opening scenes were shot in a local Los Angeles backyard, however, finding suitable "tree-lined elements" proved difficult. Ultimately, a museum in Hollywood allowed the crew to film in a tree-filled section on its grounds. The episode ran into several snags during filming. Director Cliff Bole had trouble trying to get the crows to "act on cue". Eventually, several ravens were brought in as doubles. Bole later noted, "we got two ravens. One was very good at cawing and one was good at hopping." The ending sequence had to be re-shot several times. Producer Paul Rabwin explained, "Originally, we wanted to show a mirror image of the woman being attacked by the monster, but it didn't really sell." Eventually, the crew decided to glue candy glass onto a piece of plywood. In this manner, the camera was able to see the action through the shattered panes of glass.
Broadcast and reception.
"Chimera" first aired in the United States on April 2, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 7.5, with a 11 share, meaning that roughly 7.5 percent of all television-equipped households, and 11 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 12.89 million viewers. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on May 7, 2000 and received 0.56 million viewers, making it the third most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "American Beauty? Tonight, in a perfect small town, with perfect neighbors and perfect families... lies an evil justing waiting to show it's 'perfect' face."
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics, with a few detractors. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book, "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four stars out of five, calling the script "very stylish". The two noted that "Duchovny is very good here [… and, as a counterbalance, Anderson provides some great comic relief." Shearman and Pearson concluded that the episode was "a little too ponderously paced to be a classic episode, but it's clever and well crafted [which makes it a rewarding stand-out." Rich Rosell from Digitally Obsessed awarded the episode 4 out of 5 stars and wrote that "Cawing birds, spirit portals and split personalities are the order of the day in a story that doesn't offer that much in genuine thrills, but the best moments are Scully's occasional complaints from the field." Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two-and-a-half stars out of four. Despite noting that the episode "gets off to an awkward start", Vitaris concluded that "'Chimera' takes us into the heart of a quintessential "X-Files" family". Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "B+", noting that, while the episode was good, it "falls short of classic status, trying to make a metaphor into flesh, and not quite succeeding." Although Handlen enjoyed the way the episode explores and then connects the main characters, his main critique was the Ellen's transformation is never explicitly explained. He explained that, "If we had a sense of where her need comes from, if there was some hint at what drove her to this point, it would work; as is, the actress’s performance is excellent, but the character remains too generic."
Not all reviews were positive. Kenneth Silber from Space.com wrote a neutral review, saying, "Beyond that, there is little to be said, pro or con, for 'Chimera.' The episode is mildly interesting and avoids the puerility of recent episodes." Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations", gave the episode a relatively negative review. He derided the lack of Anderson's character, summing up his feelings in the simple sentence, "No Dana Scully."

</doc>
<doc id="19337847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337847" title="Calamagrostis canadensis">
Calamagrostis canadensis

Calamagrostis canadensis is a species of grass, having three or more varieties, in the Poaceae family. It is known variously by the common names of bluejoint, bluejoint reedgrass, marsh reedgrass, Canadian reedgrass, meadow pinegrass, and marsh pinegrass.
Varieties.
"Calamagrostis canadensis" takes the form of at least three varieties, including the type. The U.S. Forest Service names others.
Distribution.
The varieties often overlap in where they are distributed.
In the U.S..
Most states in the U.S. have one or more varieties of "C. canadensis", the most common by distribution being "C. c." var. "canadensis". Only Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont have all three; and only one, Kentucky, has "C. c." var. "macouniana" with no others. 
15 states have only "C. c." var. "canadensis", without others (Arizona, Delaware, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Maine, North Carolina, Nevada, New Mexico, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming); and no state has "C. c." var. "langsdorffii" without sharing territory with "C. c." var. "canadensis".
14 states have both "C. c." var. "canadensis" and "C. c." var. "macouniana", without "C. c." var. "langsdorffii" (Connecticut, Iowa, Illinois, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Virginia, and Wisconsin); and only seven have both "C. c." var. "canadensis" and "C. c." var. "langsdorffii", and no "C. c." var. "macouniana" (Alaska, California, Colorado, Georgia, Montana, Oregon, and Washington)
In Canada and elsewhere.
All three varieties are native to parts of Canada: the provinces of Alberta, Manitoba, Northwest Territories, Ontario, Quebec, Saskatchewan have all three varieties; British Columbia, Labrador, Newfoundland, and Yukon Territory have both "C. c." var. "canadensis" and "C. c." var. "langsdorffii"; New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island have both "C. c." var. "canadensis" and "C. c." var. "macouniana"; and only Nunavut is the home of just one variety, "C. c." var. "langsdorffii".
Two other places have varieties of "C. canandensis", though neither have "C. c." var. "macouniana": Greenland has "C. c." var. "langsdorffii"; and the French territorial islands of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon have "C. c." var. "canadensis"
Habitat.
"C. canadensis" can be found in many types of habitat, including forest, taiga, and tundra in subarctic regions. It is the most common and widespread "Calamagrostis" species on the continent.
Description.
It is a perennial grass with a branching stem reaching heights between 60 centimeters and 1.5 meters. The flat, drooping leaves are rough with tiny hairs. The inflorescence is up to 25 centimeters long and may be open and loose or narrow and densely packed with spikelets. Each spikelet is about half a centimeter long and purplish in color. 
It is a palatable food plant for livestock and wild grazing animals. It is a tough rhizomatous grass that provides soil stability in wet areas and is one of the first plants to reestablish on sites of recent oil spills. It can be a nuisance on sites of forest restoration, because it can outcompete conifer seedlings.

</doc>
<doc id="19337863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337863" title="Alexicrates">
Alexicrates

Alexicrates (Ancient Greek: ) was a Pythagorean philosopher who lived at the time of Plutarch (that is, around the turn of the 1st century), and whose disciples continued to observe the ancient diet of the Pythagoreans, abstaining from fish altogether. Another person of this name occurs in Plutarch.

</doc>
<doc id="19337888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337888" title="Thunderspire Labyrinth">
Thunderspire Labyrinth

Thunderspire Labyrinth is the second in the three part series of adventures introducing the new 4th edition "Dungeons & Dragons" concept of Points of Light, a loosely connected and open-ended setting designed to allow modules and Dungeon Masters created materials to be seamlessly integrated into either a single, largely unmapped fantasy world or a Dungeon Master custom made setting. The adventure, written by Mike Mearls and Richard Baker was published in 2008 by Wizards of the Coast, as a sequel to the adventure "Keep on the Shadowfell". The adventure is designed for character of levels 4-6 and the module code "H" stands for Heroic Tier. This module is set in a region of the world called the Nentir Vale, the details of which are given in the 4th edition "Dungeon Master's Guide".
Synopsis.
"Thunderspire Labyrinth" can be run as either a loose sequel to Keep on the Shadowfell or as a standalone module.
Players find themselves journeying to Thunderspire, a mountain beneath which lies the abandoned subterranean minotaur city of Saruun Khel. The module suggests many goals for players in Saruun Khel, the largest of which is to investigate a slave ring run by a group called the Bloodreavers and rescue a group of civilians recently enslaved by this organisation. (This may be as a result of events in Keep on the Shadowfell or through other, unconnected, plot hooks.)
The players then proceed through a number of mini-dungeons; the Bloodreavers turn out to have sold the slaves to the duergar tribe known as Clan Grimmerzhul, who have then onsold a smaller subset of the slaves to a band of fiend-tainted gnolls. Finding and overcoming the gnolls reveals a sinister plan about to be enacted by a renegade wizard named Paldemar, who has designs on conquest of the Nentir Vale in which Thunderspire is located. Ultimately players confront and defeat Paldemar, which concludes the module.
Monsters.
"Thunderspire Labyrinth" contains the first 4th Edition appearances and write-ups of the duergar, along with bronze warders, norkers, phalagars, and Enigmas of Vecna.
Publication history.
The adventure was designed by Richard Baker and Mike Mearls and was published in July 2008. Cover art was by William O'Connor, with interior art by Ron Lemen, Lucio Parrillo, and Jim Pavelec.

</doc>
<doc id="19337892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337892" title="Mary Giatra Lemou">
Mary Giatra Lemou

Mary Giatra Lemou (Greek: Μαίρη Γιατρά Λεμού, 1915–1989) was an Egyptian-born Greek actress. She was born in Alexandria. She studied theatricals in the dramatics at the National Theatre and piano at the Greek Odeum of Athens. She first appeared in the national theatre and the company Marika Kotopoli. Between 1936 and 1937, she entered the Artistic Theatre with Tzavalas Karousos where she played many important roles. She worked with Karolos Coon in the first theatrical acts by Anton Chekhov and with Thymelikos Theatrical Company with Linos Karzis in 1938-39. In the spring of 1940, she entered the accomplishable youth theatrical company at the Zefiros Theatre. In the summer of 1941, she participated again in another successful youth theatrical company together with Minis Fotopoulos at the Nana Theatre on Vouliagmenis Avenue.
During World War II (1942–44), there were basic cadets of the public Armed Forces Group Council in the Middle East, she participated with prolongation in Egypt, Syria, Palestine and Jordan. From 1944, she entered with her right to the theatrical company in Egypt, came into the Alexandria area. In 1945, she took part with her husband with the artistic council in the first Pancypriot Theatre ("Prometheus") where she first acted in many works until she finished in 1946. In her later years (1947–56), she participated with the actor, director, husband Adamantios Lemos in his own Lemos Theatrical Company and in 1957-67, worked together in New York in the USA with the only Greek Theatre Organization in America.
She had dramatic actors at the theatre with spiritual artists and tried interpretatively in a rich repertory which presented for a few years.
Mary Giatra Lemou was educated with literature and poetry and wrote a book ("Zoi oniro ke theatro, Hroniko 1940-43", "Ζωή όνειρο και Θέατρο, Χρονικό 1940-1943") and a political council ("Apohoi", Athens 1981). She acted in a Cypriot theatre (1945–46), the dramatic school at Larissa Public Odeon (1947–50) and in New York (1957–67), for her stem of that theatrical company which achieved further.

</doc>
<doc id="19337912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337912" title="Morganucodonta">
Morganucodonta

Morganucodonta ("Glamorgan teeth") is an extinct order of primitive mammaliaformes similar to crown-group mammals. Their remains have been found in southern Africa, Western Europe, Arizona and China. The morganucodonts were most likely insectivorous and nocturnal, seeking prey while avoiding predators that were usually active by day. Such a trait may have been inherited by their descendants to avoid the predatory dinosaurs, though some of the latter were nocturnal as well. 
Anatomy.
Morganucodonts were equipped with an unusual structure, the "double-joint", which meant that the jaw articulation would be made up of the dentary-squamosal joint as well as a quadrate-articular one. Both the articular and quadrate would eventually become the malleus and incus. There is a trough at the back of the jaw that houses postdentary bones, such bones are absent today in mammals (all living mammals today have a jaw that is composed of a single bone, one of the defining features of Mammalia).
Unlike "Sinoconodon" and the therapsids, the teeth of morganucodonts were diphyodont (meaning that they possessed two sets of teeth as in all living mammals) and not polyphydont (meaning that the teeth are constantly replaced, as in reptiles). Furthermore, the primitive postcanine teeth have been replaced by true molars and premolars. The teeth are structured in such a way that a one-to-one occlusion and wear facets are present.
The septomaxilla, a primitive feature also found in "Sinoconodon", is found in morganucodonts, as well as a fully ossified orbitosphenoid. The anterior lamina is enlarged. The cranial moiety of the squamosal is a narrow bone that is superficially placed to the petrosal and parietal. Unlike its predecessors, the morganucodonts have a larger cerebral capacity and a longer cochlea.
The atlas elements are unfused, there is a suture between the dens and axis. The cervical ribs are not fused to the centra. The coracoid and procoracoid, which are absent in therians, are present. The head of the humerus spherical as in mammals, but the spiral ulnar condyle is cynodont-like. In the pelvic girdle, the pubis, ilium and ischium are unfused.
Classification.
Because morganucodonts possessed the dentary-squamosal jaw joint, systematists like G. G. Simpson (1959) considered the morganucodonts to be mammals, and most contemporary paleontologists continue to use this classification. Others, however limit Mammalia to the crown group and so exclude more basal mammaliaform orders like Morganucodonta.

</doc>
<doc id="19337916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337916" title="Ladislao Bonus">
Ladislao Bonus

Ladislao Bonus was a composer, conductor, contrabass player, and teacher. His pioneering work on musical drama earned him the title of "Father of the Filipino opera".
The eldest son of Pedro Bonus and Maria Mariano, he was born in Pandacan on June 27, 1854. He acquired his first lessons in music from Gregorio de Luna and Guillermo de Luna. Motivated by a strong desire to learn, he became so proficient with the violin, cello and viola that he could easily substitute for a player of any of those stringed instruments. He mastered the contrabass and served in the orchestra every time a foreign opera company visited Manila.
Sometime in 1887, Bonus organized a complete opera company in Pandacan. It was composed entirely of Tagalog musicians and singers, to wit: Teodora San Luis and Josefa Tiongson, sopranos; Victoria Madina, mezzo soprano; Andres Ciria Cruz and Jose Conseco, basses; and Carmen Mendoza, Juana Natividad, Remegio Natividad, Rufina Bonus, Agustin Natividad, Marcela Barroga, Simon Natividad, Valentin Natividad, and Mariano Natividad, chorus members. Bonus served in the company as director and conductor of the orchestra. Jose Canseco was the stage director.
The group’s maiden performance, which was held at the town’s cockpit was a success. There followed invitations for it to perform in Manila. In the capital city, the "segundo cabo" of the colonial government, Antonio Morto, became one of the opera’s zealous supporters. The Manila performances of the group won the hearts of the city folks and established Bonus’ reputation in the field of music.
In 1888, Bonus joined the Manila Cathedral orchestra. He was the “soul and life” of the Women’s Orchestra organized by Raymundo Fermin in Pandacan sometime in 1890. He gave private piano lessons to members of the rich and prominent families not only in Manila but also in the provinces. He conducted the Marikina Orchestra, the Pasig Band, and the Arevalo Band of Quiapo. Under his direction, the Arevalo Band won first prize during the Regional Exposition in Hanoi in 1902. This band served the Revolutionary Government in Malolos in 1898-1899. Bonus wrote the musical score of the Pedro Paterno’s zarzuela, “Sandugong Panaginip”, which was presented at the Tratro Manila on August 16, 1902.
Aside from musical scores for several Tagalog zarzuelas, the other works for Bonus were "“Recuerdos a la Patria"", with lyrics by Jose Rizal; "“Pasadoble Hanoi”" (1902); "“Triumphal March"", which was composed for the First Philippine Assembly; and another march entitled, "“Los Dipotados"". He also wrote the music for the song of Maria Clara in Rizal’s novel, "Noli Me Tangere".
Bonus married Rosalia Guanzon, by whom he had eight children, namely, Rufina, Petronila, Angel, Leonisa, Benilda, Amado, Eloisa and Alfredo. He was at the height of his illustrious career when he died on March 28, 1908 at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="19337959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337959" title="Rutherford Army Camp">
Rutherford Army Camp

Rutherford Army Camp was an Australian army camp near Rutherford, New South Wales, Australia. Initially set up around 1901 it was closed in the early 1950s.
The camp was initially used for training by the Citizens' Military Forces in the years prior to the World War I. Training was conducted for units of the First Australian Imperial Force (1AIF), prior to embarking for overseas deployment. 
With the end of World War I, the camp remained in use through the inter-war period. During World War II, the camp was again used for the training of units of both the Second Australian Imperial Force (2AIF) and Citizens' Military Forces militia troops. The facilities at Rutherford Camp were spartan consisting of tent accommodation. After the cessation of World War II, the camp area was gradually sold off to be resumed as grazing land and closed in the early 1950s.
The 61st Australian Camp Hospital was located at Rutherford Camp. The troops and supplies for the camp were transported by rail and offloaded at the Rutherford Racecourse siding on the Rutherford Racecourse railway line.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19337973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337973" title="Z-drag">
Z-drag

A Z-Drag is an arrangement of lines and pulleys commonly used in rescue situations. The basic arrangement provides a theoretical mechanical advantage of three. The name comes from the fact that the arrangement of lines is roughly Z shaped. Besides the mechanical advantage to pulling, it also uses only part of the total length of the rope for the block and tackle arrangement.
The typical configuration (shown below) uses two single pulleys and two Prusik knot loops or other suitable friction hitches. The first Prusik knot provides the mechanical advantage. The second Prusik knot can be used to hold the position of the rope and is sometimes referred to as a 'progress capture device' or ratchet. It is also advisable to attach a towel or soft object (such as a life vest) to the end of the line near the connection to the object being pulled since the line is under high tension and could break free and present a dangerous flying hazard.
Borrowed from rock climbing, the Z-Drag is considered an important tool in whitewater rescue and is used primarily for the recovery of pinned boats.
The Z-Drag is considered an important tool in mountain rescue because of its simplicity and is used for nearly all lifting systems.
It also serves as an excellent method for tightening the rope to be crossed in a Tyrolean traverse, where the other end is also fixed to a stable object.

</doc>
<doc id="19337986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337986" title="Juraj Njavro">
Juraj Njavro

Juraj Njavro (2 July 1938 – 15 September 2008) was a Croatian medical doctor and politician. 
Njavro was born in Cerovica, near Neum in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (today part of Bosnia and Herzegovina). He attended elementary school here and gymnasium in Dubrovnik, Croatia.
He served as a surgeon Vukovar's hospital during the city's intense siege within the Croatian War of Independence. He continued to work in the hospital right up until the fall of the city to Serb forces. Njavro was subsequently imprisoned and taken to the Sremska Mitrovica camp in Serbia. In late 1991 Njavro was released as part of a prisoner exchange.
He took part in Croatia's first post-independence parliamentary elections in 1992 and was elected as a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. From August 12, 1992 to October 12, 1993 he served as Croatia's Minister of Health. He served as a minister without portfolio from October 12, 1993 to November 7, 1995, won reelection in 1995, and served again without portfolio from November 13, 1996 to December 19, 1997. From December 19, 1997 to January 27, 2000 he served as Minister of Defenders from the Homeland War. He was reelected again in 2000 and retired in 2003. 
Njavro wrote a book about his internment during the war entitled "Glava dolje, ruke na leđa". After his retirement he served as the president of the Association of Croatian volunteer doctors 1990-1991.
He died on September 15, 2008 in Zagreb and was buried in the city's Mirogoj Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19337994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19337994" title="Pro Wrestling America">
Pro Wrestling America

Pro Wrestling America is a regional independent wrestling promotion based in Minneapolis, Minnesota during the 1980s and early 1990s. Founded and promoted by retired wrestler Eddie Sharkey, a longtime veteran of the American Wrestling Association and owner of the Pro Wrestling America Training Center, Pro Wrestling America featured many established wrestlers while in between the then "Big Three" (American Wrestling Association, National Wrestling Alliance and the World Wrestling Federation) as well as providing many lightheavyweight and cruiserweight wrestlers with their first national exposure, most notably, Sabu, Jerry Lynn and The Lightning Kid. 
Although the promotion stopped running regular events in 1993, it has held sporadic events in the Minneapolis-area with Sharkey's wrestling school since 1996. Among the former students who have appeared for several of these events include Lacey and Austin Aries, both being top stars in Ring of Honor. 
History.
In 1982, after leaving the AWA as a result of a pay dispute with promoter Greg Gagne, Sharkey was approached by fifteen other wrestlers including The Road Warriors (Hawk & Animal), Rick Rude and Barry Darsow similarly upset with Gagne over withholding payment and convinced Sharkey to start his own promotion. With Rude, Darsow and the Road Warriors as his main stars, Sharkey was soon able to sign other wrestlers including Paul Ellering, Tom Zenk, Nikita Koloff, The Destruction Crew (Mike Enos & Wayne Bloom) and the Steiner Brothers (Rick & Scott Steiner) as well as Mad Dog Vachon, Bruiser Brody, Larry Cameron often making appearances. Ray Whebbe, Jr. and Dale Gagne, the current owner of AWA Superstars, was also involved with the promotion. Although a chief rival of the American Wrestling Alliance during the late 1980s, Sharkey and Gagne eventually agreed to a talent exchange deal between the two promotions. A number of PWA veterans were brought into the AWA during its last years including Derrick Dukes and Ricky Rice. 
In 1986, Eddie Sharkey and promoter Don Condello worked out an agreement for PWA wrestlers to appear in televised wrestling events in central Canada. Chris Markoff, Buck Zumhofe, Ricky Rice & Derrick Dukes and The Terminators (Riggs & Wolff) were among those who appeared in the territory. Pro Wrestling America, among other regional promotions such as Georgia All-Star Wrestling and the United States Wrestling Association, also had a working relationship with the Global Wrestling Federation during its last years and allowed its own wrestlers compete in GWF tournaments and other events. Jerry Lynn and The Lightning Kid, two of the promotion's top light heavyweight wrestlers, faced each other in a match to crown the first GWF Light Heavyweight Championship. A number of PWA wrestlers often appeared on "The Prima-Donns", a longrunning Public-access television cable TV show in the Minneapolis-area, including Eddie Sharkey, Baron Von Raschke, Nick Bockwinkel and Jerry Lynn. 
Although Pro Wrestling America was very successful during its early years, despite no access to television or advertising according to Eddie Sharkey, the promotion was the first and, as of 1991, the only independent promotion never to lose money. The promotion would eventually cease running shows after 1993, however Sharkey once again began promoting in the area with Terry Fox after a three year absence, under either Wrestle America 2000 or Pro Wrestling America, with students from their wrestling camp. The promotion has since occasionally toured Japan and the Middle East. 

</doc>
<doc id="19338018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338018" title="Eric Braff">
Eric Braff

Eric Braff (born November 12, 1980) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who is currently a free agent.
Braff spent four seasons in the Ontario Hockey League for the Kingston Frontenacs before moving to college, spending four seasons with St. Francis Xavier University. He turned pro in 2005 with the Pensacola Ice Pilots of the ECHL. After one season, Braff moved to the UK, signing with the Basingstoke Bison. In the 2007-08 season, Braff was the team's highest scoring defenceman with 33 points (6G and 27 A).
Braff remained with the Bison until 2009 when the Bison withdraw from the Elite League to play in the English Premier Ice Hockey League. Braff then moved to HC Eppan Pirates in Italy before moving to the Clarenville Caribous.

</doc>
<doc id="19338024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338024" title="List of Romanian diplomats">
List of Romanian diplomats

This is a list of Romanian diplomats. Most of these people made at least a significant portion of their career in the Romanian or foreign diplomatic services.

</doc>
<doc id="19338046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338046" title="Mikhail Simonyan">
Mikhail Simonyan

Mikhail Simonyan (born 1986) is a violinist from Novosibirsk. He began to study the violin at the age of five. In 1999, at 13, Mr. Simonyan made his acclaimed New York debut at Lincoln Center with the American Russian Young Artists Orchestra (ARYO) and his debut in St. Petersburg, Russia at the Mariinsky Theatre in ARYO's joint concert with the Mariinsky Youth Orchestra, performing the Karol Szymanowski Violin Concerto No. 1. He has earned first prize awards at the All-Russia Competition in St. Petersburg, the Siberian Violin Competition, the National Prize Prizvanie in Moscow, and the Salon de Virtuosi in New York. He is a winner of the Yehudi Menuhin Foundation Award, and received the 2000 Virtuoso of the Year award in St. Petersburg. In 2003, the National Academy of Achievement selected him for an award in the Performing Arts. In 2005, he received the highest level of recognition when Vladimir Putin received him at the Kremlin, in acknowledgment of his status as one of Russia’s most promising young musicians.
Mikhail Simonyan made his London recital debut at Wigmore Hall in October 2008.
Mikhail Simonyan studied at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia and continues to work with Victor Danchenko. He lives in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="19338047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338047" title="William Tisdall">
William Tisdall

William Tisdall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19338049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338049" title="Leptictida">
Leptictida

Leptictida ("leptos iktis" "small/slender weasel") is an extinct order of placental mammals. Their classification is contentious: according to cladistic studies, they may be (distantly) related to Euarchontoglires (rodents and primates and their relatives), although they are more recently regarded as first branch to split from basal eutherians.
Description.
The leptictids are a characteristic example of the non-specialized placental mammals that took part in the late Cretaceous-Paleocene evolutionary radiation, originally bunched together in the order "Insectivora". The leptictids went extinct during the Oligocene, and their archaic cranium and dentition makes it difficult to determine their relationship to other groups. What is known of leptictid postcranial anatomy and lifestyle has been inferred from preserved middle Eocene "Leptictidium" specimens found at Messel, Germany.
Judging from these specimens, lepticids were small placentals with a body length ranging between 60-90 cm. The head had a long and slender snout, probably featuring a short trunk which was probably used for scratching the undergrowth in search of insects and worms. The mouth's archaic dentition included two to three incisors, a canine, and V-shaped cheek-teeth - four premolars and three molars.
Their forelegs were shortened but their hind legs elongated. While this anatomy is reminiscent of small kangaroos and jerboas, suggesting a jumping locomotion, the structure of the tarsal bones hints at a specialization for terrestrial running. Perhaps these animals were capable of both modes of locomotion; running slowly in search for food, and jumping quickly to avoid threats. Additionally, the Messel specimens feature a surprisingly long tail, unique among modern placental mammals, formed by forty vertebrae and probably used for balance.

</doc>
<doc id="19338073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338073" title="Little Sioux Scout Ranch">
Little Sioux Scout Ranch

The Little Sioux Scout Ranch is a Scout reservation operated by the Mid-America Council of the Boy Scouts of America. It is located in Little Sioux, Iowa, about sixty miles north of Omaha, Nebraska in Iowa's Loess Hills and 15 minutes east of Interstate 29.
Hiking trails cover the camp, which is forested with mowed meadows and has both developed and remote campsites. There are also four cabin shelters and a lake. The Mutual of Omaha Administration Building was completed in 2000, and two years later the MidAmerican Energy Pavilion was finished, seating 300 at picnic tables. Individual packs, troops and posts use the facility, along with Order of the Arrow conclaves, and district and council camporees. Pahuk Pride, a week-long National Youth Leadership Training event, is held annually at the camp.
The camp was the site of a tornado that killed four Boy Scouts and injured 48 others on June 11, 2008. Many awards for heroism were awarded. The camp reopened in 2009.
June 2008 tornado.
At 6:35 p.m. CST on June 11, 2008 an EF3 tornado struck the camp during a Pahuk Pride National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT). There were 93 boys and 25 youth and adult staff members in attendance; four boys were killed and 48 injured. Scouts attending the weeklong Pahuk Pride event at the camp were from Nebraska, Iowa, and South Dakota.
The National Weather Service office in Valley, Nebraska said they issued a tornado warning 12 minutes before the twister hit the camp. People at the camp reported having five minutes between sighting the funnel cloud and touch down at the camp. According to a camp counselor, nearly all the injuries and fatalities happened when a small cabin that some campers took shelter in was destroyed by the tornado. The Scouts were split into two groups for the event and had taken shelter in two different buildings when the storm hit. The tornado was one of 28 reported in that time period, spread across eastern Kansas and into Nebraska, Iowa, and Minnesota. Many of the injuries were reported to have happened when a brick fireplace in one shelter where the Scouts were taking cover was destroyed by the tornado winds. A truck parked outside was thrown through the air and may have struck the building.
The tornado killed Josh Fennen, 13; Sam Thomsen, 13; Ben Petrzilka, 14, all from Omaha and Aaron Eilerts, 14, from Eagle Grove, Iowa. The Scouts' first aid training was immediately used. MSNBC asked Ethan Hession, 13, "You said, 'If it had to happen it is good it happened at a Boy Scout Camp.' Why would you at the age of 13 say such a thing?" Hession replied, "Because we were prepared. We knew that shock could happen. We knew that we need to place tourniquets on wounds that were bleeding too much. We knew we need to apply pressure and gauze. We had first-aid kits, we had everything."
The Boy Scouts at the camp, including some of the injured, immediately began to administer first aid and assist their injured fellow campers. The chief of the local volunteer department, Ed Osius, said, “It’s the scouts that saved a lot of lives."
According to the local "Omaha World-Herald", the wounded were taken to several locations.
Surviving Boy Scouts were taken to West Harrison High School in nearby Mondamin, Iowa to wait for their parents to pick them up. Some boys reportedly waited up to five hours. The Omaha Police Department helicopter conducted an infrared scan of the camp early in the morning on June 12, despite the fact that as of 12:00 midnight CST all people have been accounted for. A police lieutenant suggested it may just be as a precaution. As many as 42 Scouts remained hospitalized the following morning with wounds ranging from cuts and bruises to major head trauma.
Aftermath.
Many acts of bravery occurred during and after the storm. Both Nebraska and Iowa governors praised the actions of the surviving Scouts. Governor of Nebraska Dave Heineman said in a statement, "I want to thank the scouts and the scout leaders who helped in the aftermath of the storm. They responded in true Boy Scout fashion." Governor of Iowa Chet Culver said at a press conference the following morning, "There were some real heroes at the Scout camp. They set up triage and were taking care of one another and saved many lives before emergency responders arrived". Later in the day on June 12, both governors were joined by Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff, who toured the devastated camp and afterwards expressed the condolences of U.S. President George W. Bush to the families of the dead Scouts. Chertoff said he was "particularly touched by the finest young people from this region being caught up in the ... terrible tragedy", adding that, "the reaction of the Boy Scouts was in the best tradition of what they're being taught." Chief Scout Executive Bob Mazzucca planned to visit the council and help assist families of the Scouts, and has launched an appeal to fellow Scouts for relief funds.
On September 8, 2008, Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska Rick Sheehy presented the first–ever "Be Prepared Local Hero" award to the Mid-America Council Pahuk Pride Class of 2008 because of their preparation for and taking care of each other during and after the tornado struck. On September 13, 2008, those who died in the storm were presented the Spirit of the Eagle Award, a posthumous award from the Boy Scouts of America. Also on September 13, 2008, the Boy Scouts of America's National Court of Honor awarded 121 medals for heroism to Scouts and Scout leaders for their actions during the tornado: 75 Medals of Merit, 30 Heroism awards, 7 Honor Medals, and 9 Honor Medals with Crossed Palm.
Controversy.
While most praise the actions of the Scouts in the aftermath of the tornado, many question the absence of a tornado shelter on the grounds. In a press conference on June 12, 2008, Lloyd Roitstein, Scout Executive with the Mid-America Council of the Boy Scouts of America is quoted as saying, "Absolutely not" to a question about whether or not the camp grounds had a tornado shelter. On June 13, 2008, The Omaha World Herald quoted Roitstein as saying "One of the things you learn in Scouting, one of the skills you learn is what happens when you're out in the wilderness and severe weather. "And we teach them of course to go to the lowest-lying area, go into a ditch and get down as low as you can. Because when you're out hiking in the mountains or canoeing down a river or whatever, there are no storm shelters." The lack of tornado shelters is a topic of debate. Bryan and Arnell Petrzilka of Omaha, whose son Ben was killed in the storm, are heading a project to add tornado shelters to the Little Sioux Ranch and possibly others in the area. A fund for donations has been set up with the Omaha State Bank.
Reconstruction.
FEMA declared Monona County along with the Little Sioux Scout Ranch a disaster area. On July 26, 2008, volunteers from the Shelby County Rescue and Recovery Team along with 22 professional loggers helped to clear out damaged and destroyed trees at the Ranch. The Mid-America Council of the Boy Scouts of America have announced plans to rebuild the ranch and as of late July 2008 had raised $225,459 of the 1.8 million dollars estimated to rebuild. There is also plans to construct a memorial at the site. The Ranger's House was the 1st building to be reconstructed. On September 3–6, 2009, the members of "New York Says Thank You" helped build a chapel on the location where the boys died.

</doc>
<doc id="19338145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338145" title="Tisdall">
Tisdall

Tisdall is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19338182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338182" title="The Very Best of the Lovin' Spoonful">
The Very Best of the Lovin' Spoonful

"The Very Best of the Lovin' Spoonful" is a compilation album of The Lovin' Spoonful hits spanning their career through the 1960s and the 1970s released in 1970.
The cover features clay sculptures of the band, with the bands signature lack of eyes, nose or mouth sculpted by Ollie Alpert and photographed by Bob Bailey. The motive is a clay remake of the cartoon image of the earlier "The Best of the Lovin' Spoonful" album.

</doc>
<doc id="19338192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338192" title="Franz Joseph Dölger">
Franz Joseph Dölger

Franz Joseph Dölger (October 18, 1879 – October 17, 1940) was a German Catholic theologian and church historian born in Sulzbach am Main.
He studied theology at the University of Würzburg, being ordained into the priesthood in 1902. Afterwards he worked as a chaplain in Amorbach and Würzburg, and in June 1904, obtained his doctorate in theology. 
In the winter and spring of 1904–05, he participated in a study group to Rome, Sicily and North Africa. Subsequently, he became associated with the Campo Santo Teutonico in Rome, followed by an appointment as associate professor of religious history at Westphalian Wilhelms-University in Münster (1912). Later in his career, he served as a professor at the Universities of Breslau (1927–1929) and Bonn (1929–1940).
Dölger's primary focus involved investigations of the early Christian church and its relationship with non-Christian societies. He also published scholarly works on the sacrament of confirmation, on exorcism, on baptism, and on the Eucharist in ancient Christianity. In 1929 he founded the journal ""Antike und Christentum"" (Antiquity and Christianity), of which he contributed a series of detailed studies of the early church. 
Today, the Franz Joseph Dölger-Institute at the University of Bonn is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19338211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338211" title="Obodas I">
Obodas I

Obodas I was King of the Nabateans from 96 BC to 85 BC. He was the successor of Aretas II, from whom he inherited the war with the Hasmonean kingdom. He defeated them around 93 BC on the Golan Heights.
Then he ambushed Alexander Jannaeus near Gadara, just east of the Sea of Galilee. Using camel cavalry, he forced Jannaeus into a valley where he completed the ambush thereby getting revenge for the Nabateans' loss of Gaza.
Moab and Gilead, two mountains east of the Dead Sea and the Jordan, were returned.
Around 86 BC the Seleucid ruler, Antiochus XII Dionysus invaded Nabatea. Both Antiochus and Obodas were killed but the invaders were defeated. The Nabataean Empire, however, was saved.
Obodas was buried in the Negev, at a place that was renamed in honor, Avdat. After his death Obodas was worshiped as a deity. He was succeeded by his brother Aretas III.
"This article draws heavily on the :nl:Obodas I article in the Dutch-language Wikipedia, which was accessed in the version of September 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19338220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338220" title="Llanganabal">
Llanganabal

Llanganabal was a Moluche toqui who led the Mapuche army that defeated the Spanish led by Martín Ruiz de Gamboa in the Battle of Catirai in 1569. In 1560 Llanganabal is listed as one of the caciques heading an encomienda along the Bio Bio River. Shortly after began the outbreak of the 1561 Mapuche revolt. By 1569 Llanganabal had risen to command the Araucan army with Millalelmo and other captains as his subordinates. To resist the Spanish who had been burning the fields and houses on the south bank of the Bio Bio, Millalelmo had built a strong fortress on a hill in Catirai in a difficult position on steep wooded slopes. Despite the warnings of Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado who had reconoitered the position, Spaniards new to Chile and the Arauco War prevailed on Governor Melchor Bravo de Saravia to order Martín Ruiz de Gamboa to take his command and attack the place. Meanwhile Llanganabal had gathered all his army there to resist the attack. Gamboa's force was badly defeated while attempting to attack up the steep thickly wooded hill into Llanganabal's fortified position.

</doc>
<doc id="19338232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338232" title="Beat &amp; Soul">
Beat &amp; Soul

Beat & Soul is an album by The Everly Brothers, originally released in 1965. It peaked at No. 141 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts. It was re-released on CD in 2005 on the Collectors' Choice Music label.

</doc>
<doc id="19338285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338285" title="Ross Bowers">
Ross Bowers

Ross Bowers (born 30 July 1985 in Luton) is a British ice hockey forward currently playing for the Milton Keynes Lightning of the EPL.
Bowers previously spent six seasons in the English Premier Ice Hockey League with the Milton Keynes Lightning before joining the Bison for the 2008–09 Elite League season, rejoining Lightning for the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19338302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338302" title="Máximo Tajes">
Máximo Tajes

Máximo Tajes Caceres (1852–1912) was a Uruguayan political figure.
Background.
Tajes came from a military background. He was a member of the Colorado Party (Uruguay), which ruled the country almost uninterruptedly for a century. He served as Minister of War from 1882 to 1886 under President Máximo Santos.
In November 1886, President Santos, with whom he had poor relations, stepped down from his second term of office.
President of Uruguay.
Tajes served as President of Uruguay from 1886 to 1890.
He was succeeded as President by his Colorado Party (Uruguay) colleague Julio Herrera y Obes.
Death and legacy.
Máximo Tajes died two days before his 60th birthday in November 1912. His residence, near Cerrillos and close to the banks of the Santa Lucia river, is situated on a location called Parrador Tajes. It has become a house museum which is open to the public free of charge.
A road in Carrasco, Montevideo, is named after Máximo Tajes.

</doc>
<doc id="19338310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338310" title="Mbaye Badji">
Mbaye Badji

Badji was part of the Senegal national football team at the 2000 African Cup of Nations, appearing in 3 matches, including the quarter-final loss to Nigeria. Badji also appeared in two qualifying matches for the 2002 FIFA World Cup and a 2002 African Cup of Nations qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="19338350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338350" title="Palisade Crest">
Palisade Crest

Palisade Crest is a jagged ridge in The Palisades's region of the Sierra Nevada southeast of Mount Sill and northwest of Middle Palisade. Its twelve pinnacles are unofficially named for characters from "The Lord of the Rings" by J. R. R. Tolkien. The highest pinnacle, at , is called Gandalf Peak.
The ridge marks the boundary between Kings Canyon National Park and the John Muir Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="19338363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338363" title="William Cartwright (actor)">
William Cartwright (actor)

William Cartwright (died 17 December 1686) was an English actor of the seventeenth century, whose career spanned the Caroline era to the Restoration. He is sometimes known as William Cartwright, Junior or William Cartwright the younger to distinguish him from his father, another William Cartwright (fl. 1598 – 1636), an actor of the previous generation.
Early career.
William Cartwright the younger was about eighty years old when he died; he was therefore born around 1606 or 1607. Nothing is known of his early life; it is reasonable to assume that he began his stage career under his father's tutelage. He was included with his father on a 1635 list of actors; apparently they both belonged to the King's Revels Men at that time. James Wright's "Historia Histrionica" (1699) maintains that the younger Cartwright was associated with the Salisbury Court Theatre — which may refer to his time with his father's troupe, or may indicate that he was with Queen Henrietta's Men in the 1637–42 period.
The parish records of St. Giles in the Fields show that he married his first wife, Elisabeth Cooke, on 1 May 1633 — and his second wife, Andria Robins, just three years later, on 28 April 1636.
Theatre closure.
For the years 1642–1660, when the theatres were closed, evidence of the activities of the former actors is scanty. It is known, however, that Cartwright was one of those who tried to maintain clandestine dramatic activity in the later 1640s. He then became a stationer or bookseller; his shop was in Turnstile Alley in the neighborhood of Lincoln's Inn Fields. Other former actors, Andrew Pennycuicke and Alexander Gough, also shifted into the book business in the Commonwealth period. 
In this era, booksellers also functioned as publishers; but evidence of only one publication by Cartwright is extant. In 1658 he issued a new edition of Thomas Heywood's "An Apology for Actors" (originally printed in 1612), under the title "The Actor's Vindication". Cartwright made one major addition to Heywood's text: a passage in praise of Edward Alleyn, with whom his father had been associated.
Cartwright's second wife Andria was buried on 12 May 1652. He married Jane Hodgson, his third wife, on 19 November 1654.
Restoration.
Cartwright's stage career revived with the re-opening of the theatres in 1660. He was one of the thirteen actors who were the original "sharers" (partners) in the King's Company when Thomas Killigrew organized that troupe. Cartwright remained with the company until it was absorbed into the United Company in 1682.
Cartwright performed a range of roles with the King's Company, including:
Cartwright received a minor mention in the anti-Dryden satire "The Rehearsal", in which he supposedly plays "Thunder." When the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane burned down in 1672, Cartwright invested £150 in its replacement.
Cartwright remained with the United Company after 1682, until the end of his acting career. He was active even at an advanced age; with the United Company he played Cacafogo in Fletcher's "Rule a Wife and Have a Wife".
Bequest.
Cartwright was a collector as well as an actor and bookseller. At his death he willed his collection to Dulwich College. The collection comprised 239 portraits, plus drawings, prints, books, and manuscripts; Cartwright also willed the College money (£400 of "broad old gold") and even personal effects ("two silver tankards, damask linen, an Indian quilt, and a Turkey carpet"). The portrait collection included public figures like Sir Thomas Gresham, Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales, and Mary, Queen of Scots; Richard Burbage and Richard Perkins among other actors; and personal items — pictures of Cartwright, his father, and his first and third wives.
Disputes over Cartwright's last will and testament, between his servants and the College, generated an extensive legal record. Cartwright's will mentions that he was childless; if he and any of his three wives had offspring, they did not survive him.
Given his connection with Dulwich, Cartwright was likely also responsible for donating MS. Egerton 1994, a collection of play manuscripts, to the College.

</doc>
<doc id="19338366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338366" title="Black President (Black President album)">
Black President (Black President album)

Black President is the debut album by supergroup Black President.

</doc>
<doc id="19338380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338380" title="Meltdown Monday">
Meltdown Monday

Meltdown Monday is a term used by some financial news outlets to describe Mondays with large losses in financial markets. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the term was used most often in reference to October 19, 1987, which later became known as Black Monday 1987 (a reference to the older term with a similar meaning, Black Monday). Several events which were initially referred to as "Meltdown Mondays" by the press have since been referred to most often as "Black Mondays".

</doc>
<doc id="19338396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338396" title="Kotomi Tosaki">
Kotomi Tosaki

Kotomi Tosaki (戸崎 琴美 "Tosaki Kotomi", born 19 May 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hitachi Sawa Rivale.

</doc>
<doc id="19338430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338430" title="Sogou Pinyin">
Sogou Pinyin

Sogou Pinyin Method (; Pinyin: Sōugǒu Pīnyīn Shūrùfǎ) is a popular Chinese Pinyin input method editor developed by Sogou, a Chinese search engine.
Sogou Pinyin is a dominant input software in China. By July 2011, Sogou Pinyin had an 83.6% penetration rate with more than 300 million users.
The latest stable version of Sogou Pinyin is 6.2, in which several new features such as customizable pinyin alias and simultaneous input of both English and Chinese are added.
Features.
Sogou Pinyin provides features for customizing its dictionary, appearance and function. The dictionary of Sogou Pinyin can be enriched by adding so-called "cell dictionaries", which contain words in special fields. The appearance of Sogou Pinyin can be changed using skins and animation. The function of Sogou Pinyin can be extended using extensions such as mouse-writing.
Problems with non-English keyboards.
It does not recognize localized keyboards; it assigns all Western characters to their positions on the English keyboard (Y is always the sixth key from left on the second row of the keyboard), that means the mapping of the keys and the relevant characters does not work. The English-speaking world uses a QWERTY-keyboard; other language groups use other keyboards, e.g. the German-speaking world uses a QWERTZ-keyboard. Different from input of western words (like "zebra" or "yet") on a German keyboard, the Sogou Pinyin Method does not recognize that on a German keyboard the letters "Z" and "Y" are interchanged. Like this, using the "Sogou Pinyin Method" on German keyboard when a user wants to type the Chinese words 'you 有' you get 'zou 走' instead, and if you type 'yi 一' you get 'zi 字' instead.
Copyright conflict with Google Pinyin.
In April 2007, Sohu threatened to sue Google because after Google Pinyin's initial release, it was soon discovered that Google Pinyin's dictionary database contained employee names of Sogou Pinyin. On April 8, 2007, Google admitted that they used "non-Google database resources". Shortly thereafter, a new version of Google Pinyin was released which no longer appeared to be based on Sogou's database.
Sogou Cloud Pinyin.
In 2009, Sogou launched a Bookmarklet named Sogou Cloud Pinyin () that can allow any major browser to input Chinese characters on a webpage without installing any new software or plugins. It uses JavaScript and Ajax on the browser and apparently cloud computing technology on the servers.
Version history.
See Sogou Pinyin Update Catalog for detail.

</doc>
<doc id="19338467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338467" title="Brandon–Hill list">
Brandon–Hill list

The Brandon–Hill list is a list of journals and books recommended for a small hospital library.
Compiled by Alfred Brandon and Dorothy Hill, the 2003 version included 434 books and subscriptions to 79 journals, but is no longer updated and has been replaced by Doody's Core Titles.
It has been used to calculate the rate of rise of journal costs.

</doc>
<doc id="19338530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338530" title="Be Like Water">
Be Like Water

Be Like Water (2008) is a play written by Dan Kwong, originally produced at East West Players, in association with Cedar Grove OnStage. The play received its world premiere in Los Angeles on September 17, 2008, directed by Chris Tashima, at East West Players' David Henry Hwang Theater at the Union Center for the Arts in Los Angeles. The story follows a young Asian American girl in 1970s Chicago, who is visited by the Ghost of Bruce Lee.
Play summary.
Tracy Fong is a 13 year-old ass-kicking, gung-fu fanatic tomboy, challenged by school bullies, airhead rivals, and a mother who just wants her to be a "normal girl." When bad goes to worse, the Ghost of Bruce Lee appears to teach her the true meaning of strength and the true power of water.
World Premiere company.
East West Players, Los Angeles, CA; Opened September 17, 2009; Closed October 12, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19338547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338547" title="George McMurtry">
George McMurtry

George McMurtry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19338686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338686" title="The Best of The Lovin' Spoonful">
The Best of The Lovin' Spoonful

"The Best of the Lovin' Spoonful" is a best of album of The Lovin' Spoonful hits featuring tracks from their first three albums. Despite being a "best of", this album charted the highest of the band's career, hitting number three on the Billboard chart.
The album also included a 12'x9' pictures of John Sebastian, Joe Butler, Steve Boone, and Zal Yanovsky.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, music critic William Ruhlman wrote "this compilation is an attempt to balance group concerns rather than present their most successful performances. Nevertheless, it picks the strongest material from the group's three previous albums..."

</doc>
<doc id="19338720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338720" title="Potpourrii">
Potpourrii

Potpourrii is a WiiWare puzzle video game developed by Abstraction Games. It was released in North America on September 15, 2008, and in Europe on October 10, 2008.
Gameplay.
"Potpourrii" is played similar to the games "Puzz Loop" and "Puzzle Bobble". The plot of the game revolves around a group of gnomes repairing their magical forest after a chaotic rampage by an evil warlock frees all the forest spirits. The object of the game is for the player to contain these spirits by matching three or more spirits of the same type in order to make them disappear.
Players shoot spirits from a cannon on a track that surrounds a swirling whirlpool (the "potpourii") where the spirits are suspended, with each quadrant of the play area corresponding to a different season and the different types of spirits players can shoot. The twist is that instead of simply matching the required number of spirits, the player must add to the cluster a different type of spirit that reacts to them and allows the cluster to disappear.
Reception.
IGN gave the game 5/10, noting that the "sluggish, sloppy controls" and the lack of a tutorial hurt the game, ultimately claiming "Potpourrii" is "far too complicated for its own good". However, they did have praise for its "mellow and happy" audio and graphics, despite the latter's muddled and confusing interface. WiiWare World also gave it 5/10, praising its "crisp visuals, captivating art style and cutesy music" yet also disappointed by its "extremely sluggish" gameplay and frustrating control. They also echoed the sentiment about the lack of a tutorial, feeling the game is "a complex and confusing setup for newcomers and the initial difficulty is likely to alienate many gamers". Gaming Target gave the puzzler a 6.7/10 for its original twist on the puzzle genre but also bemoaned about the lack of a tutorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19338742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338742" title="The Best of Me (Mýa song)">
The Best of Me (Mýa song)

"The Best of Me" is a song by American recording artist Mýa Harrison. It served as Harrison’s first single from her second studio album "Fear of Flying" (2000) and featured Yonkers rapper Jadakiss. The song was written and composed by the latter and Harrison along with Teron Beal, Jimmy Cozier, Swizz Beatz and Mashonda Tifrere. The lyrics of the street savvy anthem speak of a woman holding off being intimate or physical with a guy.
The song received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics. However, "The Best of Me" underperformed on "Billboard"s US Hot 100; peaking and spending two non-consecutive weeks at number fifty. It fared better on ´the component Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart peaking within the top 20 at number fourteen. Internationally, the song peaked within the top 40 in Germany, peaking at number twenty-six. The song’s accompanying music video was filmed by Chris Robinson and serviced to video outlets on March 6, 2000. Her love interest was portrayed by Sisqó’s cousin.
Background and release.
"The Best of Me" was composed by Mýa Harrison and Swizz Beatz, along with singers Teron Beal, Jimmy Cozier, Mashonda, and rapper Jadakiss, the latter of which is also featured vocally on the song. Originally expected to be recorded by rapper DMX in a Miami recording session with Swizz, the instrumental of the song was left unsued until the producer returned to New York City to start work on Harrison's album at The Hit Factory. Upon accidentally pushing a button in the studio, Harrison's management reportedly "jumped up and said 'That's it, that's it'." An eleventh hour addition, the record was among the last tracks that were recorded for the "Fear of Flying" album. Jadakiss, then a member of the Ruff Ryders Entertainment's group The LOX, came aboard as a result of label connections with Interscope Records.
Speaking of the message of the uptempo track with "a lot of meanings," Harrison explained: " talks about thinking about consequences before you make a decision, especially decisions made when you're in a situation of the heat of the moment," she said, "when passion and infatuation and seduction and all these things are taking place, and you're actually liking it. However, as a female, things do happen to you that you must carry on after the fact, so you're trying to weigh the consequences and make a decision based on what you know, and you may not know much about this person. It's just about setting standards for yourself and what you want." Before "The Best of Me" was chosen as the lead single from "Fear of Flying", Harrison initially expected reggae-influenced "Lie Detector" to be released as her next single.
Chart performance.
In the United States, The Best of Me made its debuted at number eighty-five on "Billboard" Hot 100 issue dated week of April 15, 2000. It reached its peak at number fifty issue dated week of May 20, 2000. In total, the song spent 17 consecutive weeks on the chart. It was Harrison’s first single to miss the coveted pop Top 40. The Best of Me performed better on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart debuting at number seventy issue dated week of April 1, 2000. It ascended from 70-40 in its second week issue dated week of April 8, 2000. The song continued to soar up the chart ascending from 40-27 issue dated week of April 15, 2000. It reached its peak at number fourteen issue dated week of May 20, 2000. It became Harrison’s fourth consecutive Top 40 (solo) hit on that chart.
The Best of Me crossed-over onto international markets. In Netherlands, it debuted and peaked at number seventy-five during the week of August 29, 2001. It debuted and peaked at number sixty-four during the week of July 23, 2000 on Switzerland’s Top 75 Singles chart. It spent a total of 8 consecutive weeks on that chart. It reached the Top 40 in Germany; peaking at number twenty-six.
Part II.
Also in 2000, a remix version of "The Best of Me" was released, featuring new vocals by Mýa and American rapper Jay-Z. Significantly different from the original version — both musically and lyrically — "Best of Me Part II" served as the first single from DJ Clue’s album "" (2000), the soundtrack to the 2000 documentary film, "Backstage". The remix was written and composed by Harrison, Teron Beal, Shawn Carter, Larry Gates, Marcel Hall, Trackmasters duo Samuel Barnes and Jean Claude-Oliver, and Marlon Williams, and samples an interpolation of the 1987 song "Make the Music with Your Mouth, Biz", performed by Biz Markie.
While "Best of Me Part II" failed to chart on "Billboard"’s US Hot 100, it performed modestly on "Billboard"s component Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, on which it debuted and peaked at number fifty-five. Well-received by music critics, it was ranked 40th About.com's "Top 50 Rap and R&B Collaborations" list in 2012. The video was shot in Malibu, California. Harrison can be seen strutting along the beach and behind a white screen wearing a jersey dress.
Background.
Best of Me Part II was composed by Mýa Harrison and production duo Trackmasters along with Teron Beal, Larry Gates, Marlon Williams and rapper Jay-Z sampling an interpolation of Biz Markie's 1987 song "Make the Music with Your Mouth, Biz". During the recording process though, tension rose between Harrison and Jay-Z. However, eventually the conflict was resolved and Jay-Z and Mýa were able to put their differences aside and find a mutual respect for each other. After dissolving their conflict Jay-Z agreed to record his vocals on the track.
Speaking of its creation, Tone of Trackmasters said: Steve Stoute was head of black music over at Interscope and at the time we were still his guys. He wanted a remix so we went in and knocked the remix out. I remember Mýa couldn’t cut the vocals properly and it took forever. When it was done, we wanted Jay-Z on it.
"So Jay came to the studio that night at The Hit Factory. He got it right away he understood what it was but he didn’t like Mýa’s vibe in the room. He looked at her like she was a spoiled brat because she was. He looked at her like, ‘I'm about to rap on your record, you're about to have a hit, and I don’t think you really appreciate it.’
"She was like this new artist on Interscope, she didn’t even really understand what was going on. So he didn’t do the record when he got there. Once again, he gave a preview of what it was gonna sound like, but he didn’t do the record because he didn’t feel like it.
"So he left and we had to tell Mýa like, ‘Yo Mýa, Jay wants to do the record but he feels like you’re not even giving him any love, like no thank you or none of that.’ But that’s just her personality. So we went to L.A. for some music awards were around that time and we had one more shot at getting Jay to come to the studio.
"And obviously Jay came in and Mýa was more cordial towards Jay. He laid the rhyme down, Steve asked for a shoutout, and that’s basically it. That’s a good record and Jay-Z charged her through the nose for it."
Chart.
The "Best of Me Part II" debuted and peaked at number fifty-five on "Billboard"'s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart issue dated August 19, 2000. It spent a total of nine consecutive weeks on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19338810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338810" title="Pakhui Tiger Reserve">
Pakhui Tiger Reserve

Pakke Tiger Reserve (PTR) is a Project Tiger tiger reserve in the East Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India. The reserve is protected by the Department of Environment and Forest of Arunachal Pradesh.
Location.
Pakke Wildlife Sanctuary (862 km2, 92°36’ – 93°09'E and 26°54 – 27°16'N) lies in the foothills of the Eastern Himalaya in the East Kameng District of Arunachal Pradesh. It was declared a sanctuary in 1977, and was earlier part of the Khellong Forest Division. It has been recently declared a Tiger Reserve in 2002 based on a proposal in 1999. 
Towards the south and south-east, the sanctuary adjoins reserved forests and Nameri NP of Assam. To the east, lies the Pakke River and Papum Reserve Forest; to the west, the park is bounded by the Bhareli or Kameng River, Doimara RF and Eaglenest Wildlife Sanctuary and to the north again by the Kameng River and the Shergaon Forest Division (Tenga RF). Both Papum (1064 km2) and Doimara RF (216 km2) along with Amartala RF (west of Doimara RF) fall in Khellong Forest Division. The area of Doimara R.F. is 216 km², while Papum R.F. encompasses an area of 1064 km². Thus, the park is surrounded by contiguous forests on most sides. Selective logging on a commercial scale occurred in the reserve forests till 1996. 
The sanctuary is delineated by rivers in the east, west and north. In addition, the area is drained by a number of small rivers and, perennial streams of the Bhareli and Pakke Rivers, both of which are tributaries of the Brahmaputra. The main perennial streams in the area are the Nameri, Khari and Upper Dikorai. The terrain of Pakke WLS and adjoining areas is undulating and hilly. The altitude ranges from 150 m to over 2000 m above sea level.
Sessa Orchid Sanctuary and Eaglenest Wildlife Sanctuary are adjacent to PTR on the opposite side of the Kameng River in the west.
History.
The area of present Pakke Tiger Reserve was originally constituted as Pakke Reserve Forest on July 1, 1966 and was declared as a Game Sanctuary on March 28, 1977. It was next declared as Pakhui Wildlife sanctuary in 2001, and was finally declared, as Pakke Tiger Reserve on April 23, 2002 as the twenty sixth tiger reserve under Project Tiger of the National Tiger Conservation Authority.
Geography.
The reserves elevations range from to metres above msl. The terrain is rugged with mountainous ranges in the north and narrow plains and sloping hill valleys in the south. The sanctuary slopes southwards towards the river valley of the Brahmaputra River
Climate.
PTR has a subtropical climate with cold weather from November to March. The temperature varies from . Annual rainfall is . It receives rainfall predominantly from the south-west monsoon in May to September and north-east monsoon from November to April. October and November are relatively dry. Winds are generally of moderate velocity. Thunderstorms occasionally occur in March–April. The average annual rainfall is 2500 mm. May and June are the hottest months. Humidity levels reach 80% during the summer.
Flora.
The habitat types are lowland semi-evergreen, evergreen forest and Eastern Himalayan broadleaf forests. A total of 343 woody species of flowering plants (angiosperms) have been recorded from the lowland areas of the park, with a high representation of species from the Euphorbiaceae and Lauraceae families, but at least 1500 species of vascular plants are expected from Pakke NP, of which 500 species would be woody. While about 600 species of orchids are reported from Arunachal Pradesh, Pakke WLS and adjoining areas also harbour many orchid species. The forest has a typical layered structure and the major emergent species are Bhelu "Tetrameles nudiflora", Borpat "Ailanthus grandis" and Jutuli "Altingia excelsa".
The general vegetation type of the entire tract is classified as Assam Valley tropical semi-evergreen forest. The forests are multi-storeyed and rich in epiphytic flora and woody lianas. The vegetation is dense, with a high diversity and density of woody lianas and climbers. The forest types include tropical semi-evergreen forests along the lower plains and foothills dominated by Kari "Polyalthia simiarum", Hatipehala "Pterospermum acerifolium", Karibadam "Sterculia alata", Paroli "Stereospermum chelonioides", "Ailanthus grandis" and Khokun "Duabanga grandiflora". The tropical semi-evergreen forests are scattered along the lower plains and foothills, dominated by "Altingia excelsa", Nahar "Mesua ferrea", Banderdima "Dysoxylum binectariferum", "Beilschmedia" sp. and other middle storey trees belonging to the Lauraceae and Myrtaceae. These forests have a large number of species of economic value. Subtropical broadleaved forests of the Fagaceae and Lauraceae dominate the hill tops and higher reaches. Moist areas near streams have a profuse growth of bamboo, cane and palms. About eight species of bamboo occur in the area, in moist areas in gullies, in areas previously under settlements, or subjected to some form of disturbance on the hill slopes. At least 5 commercially important cane species grow in moist areas, along with Tokko "Livistona jenkinsiana", a species used extensively by locals for thatching roofs. Along the larger perennial streams, there are shingle beds with patches of tall grassland, which give way to lowland moist forests with Outenga "Dillenia indica" and Boromthuri "Talauma hodgsonii". Along the larger rivers, isolated trees of Semal "Bombax ceiba" and two species of Koroi "Albizzia" sp. are common. 
These forests have a high percentage of tree species (64%) that are animal-dispersed, with 12% tree species being wind-dispersed.
Fauna.
At least 40 mammal species occur in Pakke Tiger Reserve (PTR). Three large cats - the tiger, leopard and clouded leopard, share space with two canids – the wild dog and Asiatic jackal. Among the seven herbivore species, elephant, barking deer, gaur and sambhar are most commonly encountered. The commonest monkeys are the rhesus and Assamese macaques and the capped langur. In addition, PTR is home to as many as sixteen species of civets, weasels and mongooses. Commonly seen in pairs is the yellow-throated marten, a small but bold hunter.
Notable mammals in the Tiger Reserve are: Tiger, leopard, clouded Leopard, jungle cat, wild dog Jackal, Himalayan Black Bear, Binturong, Elephant, Gaur, Samber, Hog deer, Barking Deer, Wilboar, Yellow throated martin, Malayan Giant, squirrel, Flying squirrel, squirrel, civet, cappedlangur, Rhesus macaque, assameseMacaque, Bison etc. The presence of stamp tailed macaque has been reported by one researcher.
At least 296 bird species have been recorded from PTR including the globally endangered white-winged wood duck, the unique ibisbill and the rare Oriental bay owl. PTR is a good place to see hornbills. Roost sites of wreathed hornbills and great hornbill can be observed on the river banks.
Speciality Birds seen in PTR include: Jerdon's baza, pied falconet, white-cheeked hill-partridge, grey peacock-pheasant, elwe's crake, ibisbill, Asian Emerald Cuckoo, Red-headed Trogon, Green pigeon spp., Forest Eagle Owl, Wreathed Hornbill, Great Hornbill, Collared Broadbill and Long-tailed Broadbill, Blue-naped Pitta, Lesser Shortwing, White-browed Shortwing, Daurian Redstart, Leschenault's Forktail, lesser necklaced laughing-thrush, Silver-eared Leiothrix, White-bellied Yuhina, Yellow-bellied Flycatcher Warbler, Sultan Tit, Ruby-cheeked Sunbird, Maroon Oriole, and Crow-billed Drongo,
Of the over 1500 butterfly species found in India, it is estimated that PTR could be home to at least 500 species.
A total of 36 reptile species and 30 amphibian species have been reported from PTR. The Assam roof turtle, a highly endangered species, is commonly sighted. The king cobra is sometimes seen on the fringes of villages, and is not uncommon within the park. The pied warty frog, resembling bird droppings, is also found here.
Park protection.
Presently, there are 27 anti-poaching camps where 104 local youth and 20 gaon burrahs (village fathers) have been employed as forest watchers. A 41 km road has been constructed to ease logistics and deter poachers. The people living around the park belong to the Nyishi community. The Ghora Aabhe (a group of village chiefs) and Women Self Help Groups help authorities in wildlife protection by providing information and enforcing customary laws. The Nyishi community has joined hands with civil society and the forest department to protect hornbill nests. The Nyishi tribe uses fiber glass replicas of hornbills beaks as their head gear and has fines for hunting of tigers, among other regulations.
The Ghora Aabhe Society (a group of village chiefs) was formed in 2006. A group of 12 village heads, along with the forest department, supports conservation efforts around Pakke Tiger Reserve (PTR). Their work has been widely recognised, through several awards and articles in print media. The Ghora Aabhe enforce customary laws, institute penalties against hunting and logging, aid in capacity building and spread awareness around PTR.
Research in Pakke.
PUBLICATIONS FROM RESEARCH IN PAKKE TIGER RESERVE (in chronological order)
Visting Pakke.
Getting there
PTR is accessible through Seijosa in the east, Bhalukpong in the west and Pakke Kessang in the north.
Stay
Pakke has among the last large intact tracts of tropical forests of north-east India. There are good chances to see ibisbills, tiger signs, elephants, and hornbills.The managing staff of community owned tourism initiatives are mainly representatives from Ghora Aabhe, that are supported by Help Tourism—a rural tourism organization and the Pakke Tiger Reserve Authority (under the leadership of local DFO). Food, stay, safaris and other arrangements are completely taken care of if you stay here.
The activities available for visitors staying at the community owned tourism initiatives are:
1. A walk through the forest with locally employed hornbill nest protectors.
2. Jeep ride and walk: 13 km jeep ride to Khari
3. Walks around the village
4. Cultural programs with gaon burrahs and women from Self Help Groups
5. Bird watching and education tours.
Comfortable accommodation is also available at West Bank (Seijosa), Khari and Langka forest rest houses on the eastern side of the park. Food rations (easily available at all local stores) need to be arranged by the people visiting and availing forest department accommodation. Hotels and tourist lodges are available in Bhalukpong. Accommodation is also available 4 km from Bhalukpong at the Tipi forest rest house. The western side of PTR can be accessed, after crossing the Kameng river.
An Inner Line Permit (for Indian nationals) or Restricted Area Permit (for foreigners) is required for entry into Arunachal Pradesh. The ILP can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Resident Commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="19338815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338815" title="Nagarjunsagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve">
Nagarjunsagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve

Nagarjunsagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve is the largest Tiger reserve in India . The reserve spreads over five districts, Nalgonda District, Mahbubnagar district, Kurnool District, Prakasam District and Guntur District. The total area of the tiger reserve is . The core area of this reserve is . The reservoirs and temples of Srisailam are major attraction for many tourists and pilgrims.
Geography.
This reserve is located between Longitude: 78°30' to 79°28' East and Latitude: 15°53' to 16°43' North. Elevation varies from to above mean sea level
Average annual rainfall is 
The multipurpose reservoirs, Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar, are located in the reserve.
The area consists mostly of the Nallamala Hills but varies from plains to precipitous cliffs. More than 80 per cent of the area is gently rolling to hilly. High hills, deep valleys and gorges are characteristic features. The hill ranges contain number of plateau of which Amrabad, Srisailam, Peddacheruvu, Sivapuram, Nekkanti are note worthy.
Nagarjunasagar receives rains from the southwest monsoon which is active from second half of June to the end of September. After a dry spell of one month during October, the northeast monsoon becomes active. The wildlife is generally confined to plateaues during monsoon and in valleys during summer.
The perennial water sources are generally located in the valleys and the plateaus suffer from acute scarcity for water during summer. The Krishna river cuts its basin almost deep over a distance of through the reserve. There are several waterfalls in the reserve such as the Ethipothala Falls, Pedda Dukudu, Gundam and Chaleswaram.
Ancient history.
The ancient temples at Srisailam of Lord Mallikarjuna and his consort goddess Bhramaramba, an incarnation of Parvathi as the fair-complexioned boon from Brahma, contain one of the twelve sacred Shaiva Jyotirlingas and one of the eighteenMaha Shakthi peethas in India.
This area contains ruins of the ancient Nagarjuna Viswa Vidyalayam run by the great Buddhist scholar Nagarjunacharya (150 A.D.), a southern Indian master of Mahayana Buddhism who is believed to have been responsible for the Buddhist activity in the area. The site was once the location of many Buddhist universities and monasteries.
The ruins of a fort of the 3rd century BCE Indian ruler, Ikshwaku Chandragupta overlook the Nirjivapuram (Lifeless city) valley. The ancient fort of king Pratap Rudra of the Kakatiya dynasty and several other forts are visible on the banks of the Krishna River. An ancient wall constructed there by the Kakateeyas is an impressive historic feature.
This area contains several rock shelters and cave temples including: Akka Mahadevi Bhilam, Dattatreya Bhilam, Umaa Maheswaram, Kadalivanam, and Palankasari.
Modern history.
The Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Sanctuary was notified in 1978 and came under the protection of Project Tiger in 1983. The Reserve was renamed as Rajiv Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary in 1992. Before Indian independence in 1947, the southern half of the reserve was under control of the British in India while the northern half was controlled by the rulers of the princely State of Hyderabad, who maintained it as a hunting reserve for royalty and their guests.
In 1983 there were 40 tigersin the reserve. The habitat suffered severely due to high frequency of poaching, grazing, fires and exploitation of trees and bamboo. Improvements in water resources, check dams, artificial troughs, new fire lines, salt licks and better protection has helped restore the habitat. In 1989 the tiger numbers were put at 94 an increase of 130% in 6 years. There was no other census till 1993 due to extremist interference in the area.
Flora.
The main types of forest biomes in the reserve are : southern tropical dry mixed deciduous forest, Hardwickia forest and Deccan thorn scrub forests with much Euphorbia scrub. Important plant species here are: Anogeissus latifolia (axlewood), Cleisthanthus collinus (odcha), Terminalia spp., Pterocarpus marsupium, Hardwickia binata (anjan tree), Boswellia serrata (Indian frankincense or Salai), Tectona grandis (teak), Mandelia suberora and Albizia spp. (silkplants).
Fauna.
The main mammals in the reserve are: Bengal tiger, Indian leopard, sloth Bear, dhol, Indian Pangolin, chital, sambar deer, Chevrotain, blackbuck, chinkara and chowsingha. There are also mugger crocodile, Indian python, king cobra and Indian peafowl.
Threats.
The presence of armed extremists in this forest is a serious problem to the effective management of this area and the tigers. The subordinate staff are scared to move freely in the interior and little communication exists. The forest is an oasis for five surrounding districts and meets their demand for timber and fuel. The smugglers operate in the interior areas and move timber to the plains.
There is a considerable grazing pressure on the fringe areas, that also affects the core. If not contained this pressure can make serious inroads into the core.
Attacks by tigers on cattle and man are a problem that require solutions, and it all concerns the pressures on this natural resource.
Villages.
About 200 villages are situated in and around the reserve of which 120 villages are within the sanctuary limits. There are 24 villages in the core area of the reserve, comprising 557 families with a population of 2,285 mostly Chenchu people. 8,432 families with a population of 43,978 live within the sanctuary limits outside the core. 
80 villages with 24,531 families consisting of 122,751 people live in the fringe areas. The overall population density of the reserve is 0.2 persons per km2. The population grew at the rate of 1.3 per cent over the inter-census period 1981-1991.
There are about 15,000 domestic animals in the villages in the core area. The annual growth is around 400 Livestock population in non-core part of the Reserve is 43,350. Around 300,000 migratory cattle enter into the reserve from the plains, immediately after the onset of monsoons.
One village has been relocated in 10 years. Efforts to relocate other villagers have been made but it is felt that these Chenchu tribals could also co-exist with the natural system since their needs are basic and simple. In this situation it is better to work with the people to protect the forest. There is a village on the Srisailam highway that is expanding into agriculture, and serious attention should be given to its relocation in the future, before major encroachments are made into the forest.
Management.
Administratively this Project Tiger circle has staff drawn from 5 adjoining districts and under prevailing rules they have to be posted in the area of their districts. If management strategies are to be strengthened all the buffer area must be in the control of the field director. The forest staff face serious obstacles due to the presence of extremists in the day to day management of the area and it is to their credit that they have managed to shoulder their work with courage. Low herbivore populations and the question of cattle lifting by tigers needs to be researched, and a detailed analysis of the prey base is essential.
Future.
The future plans of the Park management include: Water resources development, welfare measure for people, pasture plantations, bio-gas plants, solar pump sets, smokeless chullahs have been organised to some extent but much more is required through the offices of Project Tiger. Boats, jeeps and wireless networks are required to deal with smugglers and extremists. More pasture lands need to be created and a restocking of the denuded and depleted hill slopes is needed. 
Fire fighting squads need to be increased.
The Park has an environmental educational centre that is functioning and will be enhanced further to increase an awareness to nature. Unless extremist activity is brought under control, serious management and research in this the largest Project-Tiger reserve will suffer tremendously. So far no research project has taken place and without serious information the problems will not find solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19338823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338823" title="Suraksan">
Suraksan

Suraksan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends across the district of Nowon-gu in Seoul, the national capital, and the cities of Namyangju and Uijeongbu, in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19338833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338833" title="Indravati Tiger Reserves">
Indravati Tiger Reserves

Indravati Tiger Reserves is a Tiger Reserve area in Chhattishgarh
Indravati National Park.
Indravati National Park is the finest and most famous wildlife park of Chhattisgarh. Also the only Tiger Reserve in the state, Indravati National Park is located in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh. The Park derives its name from the Indravati River, which flows from east to west and forms the northern boundary of the reserve with the Indian state of Maharashtra. With a total area of approximately 2799.08 km2, Indravati attained the status of a National Park in 1981 and a Tiger Reserve in 1983 under the famous Project Tiger of India to become one of the most famous tiger reserves of India. The topography of the Park mainly comprises undulating hilly terrain with altitude ranging between 177 to 599 m above the sea level. The Park is famous for its unique and diverse wildlife and bird species including some of the most endangered species such as wild water buffalos and hill mynas. A series of beautiful hill ranges with lush green vegetation and unique and varied wildlife make Indravati National Park a must visit for wildlife enthusiasts and nature lovers. 
Flora and Fauna - Indravati National Park.
The flora in the Indravati National Park is mainly comprises tropical moist and dry deciduous type with predominance of the sal, teak and bamboo trees. There are also rich patches of excellent grasslands providing much required fodder to wild buffalos, chital, barking deer, nilgai, gaurs and other herbivores of the park. The most commonly found trees in the park are teak, lendia, salai, mahua, tendu, semal, haldu, ber and jamun. The major wildlife in Indravati National Park include the endangered wild buffalos, barasinghas, tigers, leopards, gaurs (Indian Bison), nilgai, sambar, chausingha (four-horned antelope), sloth bear, dhole (Wild Dog), striped hyena, muntjac, wild boar, flying squirrel, porcupine, pangolins, monkeys and langurs among many others. The commonly found reptiles in the park are freshwater crocodile, monitor lizard, Indian chameleon, common krait, Indian rock python, cobra and Russell's viper to name a few. The Park also gives shelter to the large variety of birds of which the hill myna is the most important species. 
Best Season to Visit - Indravati National Park.
The best season to visit the Park is from 15 December to 15 June.
How to Reach - Indravati National Park.
Indravati National Park is easily approachable from Jagdalpur, the district headquarters of Bastar. The village Kutrue, the main entry point of the park, is situated at the distance of 22.4 km north of Jagdalpur- Bhopalpattanam road. The Kutrue link road is at the distance of 145.6 km from Jagdalpur. Raipur (486 km) has the nearest airport and Jagdalpur (168 km) is the nearest railhead from the Indravati National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19338849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338849" title="Palamau Tiger Reserve">
Palamau Tiger Reserve

The Palamau Tiger Reserve is one of the nine original tiger reserves in India and the only one in the state of Jharkhand, India. The reserve forms part of Betla National Park.Two white vultures were spotted by the officials of Palamu Tiger Reserve in Chainpur recently. They were perched on the sand bed of river Koyal, said sources.
This is the first time in 10 years that a vulture has been sighted in Palamu. The sighting of this rare species of birds comes a week after the incident in Garhwa district where nestlings of owl were mistaken for those of vulture.
Formation.
The area in Palamu District in Jharkhand was set aside as a protected area in 1947 under the Indian Forests Act. Prior to the formation of the reserve, the area was used for cattle grazing and camping; it was acutely prone to forest fire. In 1974 the area was set up as the Palamau Tiger Reserve.
Area.
The tiger reserve has a total area of with a core area of 414 km2 and a buffer area of 600 km2. Ramandag, Latoo and Kujurum forest villages are located in the core area. Most of the villages are small; one village, Meral, consisted in 1993 of just of land, 9 families and 78 members. In 1993 there were 45 villages located in the buffer area and about 60 more located in the periphery of the reserve. As of 2012 that number had grown to 136 villages that fall under the "buffer area" regulations of the Palamau Tiger Reserve. Only seven of the villages were in existence in 1923. The villagers have no legal claim to lands that were settled after 1974 when the buffer area for the reserve was created.
Wildlife.
The tiger population is extremely scarce and counting them has become particularly difficult due to Naxalite activities which have increased since 1990 in the area. the count, using DNA to prevent over-counting, is one male tiger and five females.
The initial count in 1974 when the tiger reserve was created was 50 tigers, but some claim that this was an over-count without adequate controls. By 2005 the number of tigers was down to 38. The tiger census in 2007 found only 17 tigers. The 2009 tiger census based on DNA analysis indicated that there were just six tigers left in the reserve. The forest department claimed that since the core area was almost inaccessible due to difficult terrain and the Naxalite presence, that the census may not have found all the tigers, but the no new tigers have been found in the years since then, and decreased game and hunting opportunities suggest that these are the only six.
As of 1989, sixty-five elephants were believed to reside within the reserve.
Apart from tiger and elephant, leopard, gaur, sambar and wild dogs live in the reserve (for a more exhaustive list see article about Betla National Park). Though the North Koel River runs through the reserve, the animals depend on man-made holes for water, making themselves easily accessible to humans.
Over 140 species of birds (including peafowl) have been sighted in the reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19338850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338850" title="Yuki Tanaka">
Yuki Tanaka

Yuki Tanaka (田中 弓貴 "Tanaka Yuki", born 19 August 1981) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for Kurobe AquaFairies. She served as the captain of the team from 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19338866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338866" title="The Heathcote School">
The Heathcote School

The Heathcote School was a 14-16 secondary school in Stevenage, Hertfordshire. The school was founded in the 1950s. It was awarded Specialist Engineering College status. The school was situated in Shephall.
The school had student government, the school council, which was established in 1969. Two representatives from each tutor group were elected to represent the views of the tutor group in the council meetings.
In 2007 Hertfordshire County Council issued statutory notice for the closure of The Heathcote School in August 2012. The last intake for year 7 students was in 2008. Keystage 3 students transferred to other local schools in 2010. Keystage 4 students remained at the school until it closed in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19338868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338868" title="Sir John McNeill">
Sir John McNeill

Sir John McNeill can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19338911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338911" title="Noghl">
Noghl

Noghl (Iranian Persian), or Nuql (Afghan Persian) (), or sugar-coated almonds, is a traditional Iranian and Afghan confection. It is made by boiling sugar with water and rose water and then coating roasted almonds in the mixture. It can also be made with other nuts such as walnuts or other items. Noghl is often eaten along with tea.
Noghl is often included in Iranian and Afghan weddings, which are based on ancient Persian ceremonies. As part of the wedding celebration, an often lavish spread of food is prepared at the home of the bride. Included among the food is an assortment of pastries and sweets, including noghl, which is typically paid for by the groom. In many places in both Iran and Afghanistan, Noghl (Nuql) is showered on the bride and groom, much like confetti in Western countries would be. 

</doc>
<doc id="19338927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338927" title="Phospholipid-derived fatty acids">
Phospholipid-derived fatty acids

Phospholipid-derived fatty acids (PLFA) are widely used in microbial ecology as chemotaxonomic markers of bacteria and other organisms. Phospholipids are the primary lipids composing cellular membranes. They can be saponified to many types of fatty acids. Once the phospholipids of an unknown sample are saponified, the composition of the resulting PLFA can be compared to the PLFA of known organisms to determine the identity of the sample organism. PLFA analysis may be combined with other techniques, such as stable isotope probing to determine which microbes are metabolically active in a sample. PLFA Analysis was pioneered by D.C. White, MD., PhD, at the University of Tennessee, in the early to mid 1980s.
Phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis.
Phospholipid fatty acids (PLFA) are an essential structural component of all microbial cellular membranes. PLFA analysis is a technique widely used for estimation of the total biomass and to observe broad changes in the community composition of the living microbiota of soil and aqueous environments. There has been a surge of interest in PLFAs in recent years, evident from the large increase in peer-reviewed journal references on the subject. However, there is increasing concern that some researchers are assigning PLFAs to specific microbial classes when in fact those PLFAs are present in a broad range of life forms. Phospholipids can occur in many biological classes (such as in plant roots, fungi, as well as in soil bacteria), so care has to be taken in over-assigning PLFA biomarkers to the wrong class. Even though phospholipids occur in many different life forms, the fatty acid side chains between differing life forms can be quite unique. Polyunsaturated fatty acids ("e.g." 18:3 ω3c) are found in plants, algae and cyanobacteria, but are often not present in bacteria. Monounsaturated fatty acids (particularly at the omega-7 position), odd-chain saturated fatty acids ("e.g." 15:0), branched-chain fatty acids (mainly iso/anetiso and 10-methyl) and cyclopropane fatty acids ("e.g." 19:0 cyclo ω7c) are mostly synthesized by bacteria. The monounsaturated fatty acid, 16:1 ω5c, is mostly synthesized by Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) and the polyunsaturated fatty acid, 18:2 ω6c (Linoleic acid), is mostly synthesized by Ectomycorrhizal fungi. 
The basic premise is that as individual organisms (especially bacteria and fungi) die, phospholipids are rapidly degraded and the remaining phospholipid content of the sample is assumed to be from living organisms. As the phospholipids of different groups of bacteria and fungi contain a variety of somewhat unique fatty acids, they can serve as useful biomarkers for such groups. PLFA profiles and composition can be determined by purifying the phospholipids and then cleaving the fatty acids for further analysis. Knowledge of the composition and metabolic activity of the microbiota in soils, water and waste materials is useful in optimizing crop production, in bioremediation and in understanding microbial ecosystems. Soil microbial community analysis by PLFA has been a widely used technique due to the sensitive, reproducible measurement of the dominant portions of the soil microbiota and the fact that PLFA does not require cultivation of the organisms. Sampling of soil populations by culturing has proven not cost effective and results in biased results due to the differing ease of culturing of some organisms. The main drawback of PLFA has been that the extraction time is very long and cumbersome. A new 96-well plate PLFA extraction procedure has been developed which represents a 4-to-5 fold increase in throughput over traditional PLFA extraction methods. This new method, coupled to new software tools for analyzing the PLFA data, will be useful to laboratories performing large numbers of PLFA analyses, or for laboratories wanting to begin PLFA research.
Background of PLFA analysis.
Early studies of the living soil microbial communities were largely based on attempts at culturing bacteria and fungi of soil. However, due to difficulty in culturing many of the organisms, the differential growth rates of the organisms, and labor involved, this proved to be not satisfactory. A 1965 article proposed using molecules produced by the organisms as biomarkers for the microbial communities. In the following two decades, rapid progress was made in development of gas chromatographs (GC) and of fused silica capillary columns for the GC instruments, enabling better analysis of biological materials, including fatty acid methyl esters (FAMEs). PLFA analysis can be used for microbial community structure and activity through the use of “signature” fatty acids. The basic concept is that the phospholipid content represents living organisms as these compounds are rapidly decomposed in aerobic mixed communities and that some of the neutral lipid components such as the lipopolysaccharides of Gram-negative bacteria do not reflect organisms alive at the time of sampling.
PLFA sample preparation.
Although the method of sample collection is different for soil, water samples, etc., the extraction-derivatization is generally similar to the following protocol from an article on soil microbial communities. The lipids were extracted from the dried soil sample by use of a chloroform-methanol-phosphate buffer mixture by use of a brief sonication followed by shaking for 2 hours and centrifugation to pellet the soil material. The liquid above the soil had additional chloroform and water added to cause separation of the lipid-containing chloroform from the buffer/methanol phase. The lipids were fractionated on a solid-phase extraction column and the neutral lipids, free fatty acids and other materials discarded and the phospholipid phase then dried, prior esterification to form the fatty acid methyl esters (FAMEs) to make them suitable for analysis.
Analysis of FAMEs.
Analysis by gas chromatography (GC) is the method of choice for FAME analysis. The GC is coupled with either a mass spectrometer detector (MSD) or a flame ionization detector (FID). The GC-MSD system is more expensive to purchase and to maintain as well as requiring considerable skill in operation. Identification of fatty acids using the GC-FID system is dependent on comparison of retention times of the compounds in comparison to purchased standards of fatty acid esters. A commercially available, fatty-acid based microbial identification system (using GC-FID), which reproducibly names and quantitates the FAMEs, has been widely adopted for PLFA analysis.
The PLFA components of soil microbiota.
Actinomycetes are Gram-positive bacteria that are some of the most common bacteria in soil, freshwater and marine environments. Actinomycetes are active in decomposition of organic matter and give rise to the rich “earthy” smell of freshly tilled soils. This group of bacteria produce distinctive biomarker fatty acids having a methyl branch at the 10th carbon, such as 16:0 10-methyl and 18:0 10-methyl. Some common species of soil actinomycetes include "Rhodococcus, Nocardia, Corynebacterium "and" Streptomyces. " 
Gram-positive bacteria include aerobic "Bacillus" species especially those related to "B. cereus "and to" B. subtilis." These bacteria are common in the bulk soil and increase in numbers in the rhizosphere. The PLFA profiles of these Gram-positive species have high percentages of biomarker branched-chain fatty acids such as 15:0 iso and 15:0 anteiso. Thus, the sum of the iso and anteiso fatty acids in a PLFA analysis may provide an estimate of the abundance of the Gram-positive bacteria (other than actinomycetes) in the sample.
Gram-negative bacteria are a major component of the plant rhizosphere and improve plant growth by increasing solubility of phosphate, producing ionophore compounds that increase uptake of iron or other minerals and may produce antifungal compounds. Gram-negative bacteria produce high levels of monounsaturated fatty acids ("e.g." 16:1 omega-7 and 18:1 omega-9) during active metabolism but convert much of the unsaturated fatty acid composition to cyclopropane fatty acids ("e.g." 17:0 cyclopropane and 19:0 cyclopropane) when metabolism and cell division slow due to shortage of nutrition or other stress. Thus, in PLFA analysis, the sum of monounsaturated and cyclopropane fatty acids may provide an estimate of the abundance of Gram-negative bacteria. A high ratio of cyclopropane to monounsaturated fatty acid indicates stress conditions.
Anaerobic bacteria in agriculture are primarily a factor in soils of low oxygen levels such as occur in greater depths or of wet conditions such as in rice paddies. Using PLFA analysis in early sampling, the bacteria- archaea consortia in rice paddy soil was about 44% aerobic bacteria, 32% facultatively anaerobic- bacteria and 24% archaea. Under longer term flooding, the levels were 27%, 36% and 37% respectively and with total biomass being significantly lower. Dimethyl acetals (DMA) formed during derivatization are considered to be biomarkers of anaerobic bacteria.
Archaea are universally distributed in soils and have been shown to control nitrification in acidic conditions and to contribute to ammonia oxidation in agricultural and forest soils. However, as the phospholipids of archaea are not ester linked as in bacteria, but are ether linked, they are not significantly present in routine PLFA sample preparation which is designed to cleave ester-linked fatty acids. 
Arbuscular mycorrhizae fungi (AMF) penetrate the walls of cortical cells of about 80% of all vascular plant families, generating a symbiotic relationship. The fungi form membrane structures adjacent to the plant cell membrane allowing exchange of phosphorus, nitrogen compounds and minerals from the fungus and the plant provides the fungus primarily with photosynthesis-derived sugars. As the AMF are obligate symbiotic fungi, they are not free-living in the soil. The AMF hyphae in the root form lipid materials which then are transported to the hyphae that extend into the soil from the root and thus may occur in a soil sample. Vesicles are lipid storage organs of AMF and these and the hyphae in the soil contain the fatty acids 18:2 w6c (often used as an indicator of fungal content of the PLFA analysis) as well as containing the fatty acid 16:1 w5c which has been recommended as a biomarker for AMF.
Applications of PLFA analysis.
Sampling of agricultural soils for analysis of chemical composition ("e.g." pH, N, P, K, Ca, Mg, "etc".) has long been practiced in crop production and while there has been recognition of the importance of the soil microbiota, tools for studying the microbiota have been developed relatively recently.
High value vegetable crops.
Many high-value vegetable crops easily justify soil testing both for chemical content and the soil microbiota. Conventional, low-input and organic farming systems showed a rapid response of the soil microbial communities to wet/dry cycles and that increases in bacterial cyclopropyl fatty acids were useful to detect periods of stress. Lines of transgenic corn (maize) expressing "Bacillus thuringiensis" endotoxins were found to have small effect on soil microbial communities when compared by PLFA analysis to their non-transgenic isolines. Successful exotic invasive plant species can have profound effects on the microbial communities of the soil perhaps thus improving their competitiveness. Grassland restoration practices of tillage, weeding and herbicide use showed an impact on microbial communities of the upper soil but very small changes on the microbiota of lower soil layers and that after 4 years of recovery the communities were very similar to untreated plots.
Bioremediation.
Bioremediation has been studied using PLFA analysis of soil microbiota from sites contaminated by diesel oil, crude oil, explosives, olive mill waste, pentachlorophenol, coal tar and PCBs. There are reports of the effects on PLFAs of heavy metals on arbuscular fungi and on bacteria, of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on rice paddy bacteria and of methylene chloride on bacteria.
Phytoplankton.
Phytoplankton (eukaryotic algae) are microscopic photosynthesizing plants that inhabit the sunlit layers of oceans and bodies of freshwater. As the primary source of elaborated carbon compounds, they are vital to the aquatic food web. Phytoplankton produce considerable amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), including Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 w3c), with microalgae being the origin of omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil. The diverse taxonomic groups in algae vary in abundance dependent on environmental conditions such as temperature, salinity, sunlight, and nutrient availability. The PLFA biomarker compositions were found to enable determination of the prevalence of the major groups in several marine environments. In a study of reservoir sedimentary desposits, an assumption was made that the community PUFA content constituted "ca". 50% of the total microeukaryotic PLFAs. It was also assumed that “The ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 fatty acids describes the relative contribution of phototrophic to heterotrophic members of the microeukaryotic community…”.
Aquatic environments.
In contrast to the considerable microbial diversity in soils, free-living microbes distributed by marine currents and exposed to algal exudates exhibit global distributions for a few dominant microbial groups of relatively few species. Streambed sediments displayed a variation in microbial community structure (as measured by PLFA) related to the forest environment and geographic location of the stream, with much of the variation determined by use of the algal biomarker fatty acid 18:3 w3. By PLFA analysis, considerable spatial and seasonal variations were determined in a freshwater reservoir sedimentary microbial community.
Forestry.
Coniferous forests are dependent on available nutrients in soil rather than agricultural fertilizers and thus are routinely colonized by symbiotic mycorrhizal fungi. The mycorrhizae may be ectomycorrhizae (EMF) and/or arbuscular (AMF) in type in the forest. The amount of total PLFA in soil provides an estimate of the total soil fungi (not including AMF). The AMF can be estimated by the amount of 16:1 w5c fatty acid in the PLFA. Water stress was indicated by an increase in ratios of saturated, monounsaturated and (cyclo 17:0 + cyclo 19:0) / (16:1 w7c + 18:1 w7c) in a Douglas fir forest. Boreal forests with low soil pH values had elevated EM PLFAs and raising the pH of the soil increased bacterial PLFAs. The introduction of photosynthates through tree roots is a major source of carbon for soil microbiota and influences the composition of fungal and bacterial communities. Forest areas without tree roots had less fungal biomarkers and more actinobacterial biomarkers than areas with tree roots. Addition of nitrogen fertilizer to an oak forest reduced the ectomycorrhizal fungal content of the soil microbiota.
Composting.
Composting of organic materials is the microbial degradation of heterogeneous organic material under moist, self-heating, aerobic conditions. Initially, activity by mesophilic organisms leads to a rapid rise in temperature, followed by thermophilic organisms dominating the degradation process leading to a cooling period in which mesophilic bacteria again dominate populations. A commercial FAME extraction protocol developed for identification of bacteria, a mild alkaline methanolysis protocol and PLFA-extraction/derivatization were compared for effectiveness. The PLFA protocol gave the most detailed information about community succession, however, the other two protocols were much simpler and appeared suitable for analysis of microbial FAME profiles in compost.
Wastewater treatment.
Activated sludge technology is the most widely used method for wastewater treatment. Complex microbial communities in activated sludge processes are needed for the stable removal efficiency of organic pollutants. PLFA analysis can be used to monitor the microbial community composition of activated sludge reactors, which microbial groups are predominant, and the efficiency of such systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19338938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338938" title="Highland Park, Illinois">
Highland Park, Illinois

Highland Park is a suburban municipality in Lake County, Illinois, United States, about north of downtown Chicago. As of the 2010 census, the population was 29,763. Highland Park is one of several municipalities located on the North Shore of the Chicago Metropolitan Area.
Overview.
Highland Park was founded in 1869 with a population of 500, and evolved from two settlements: St. John and Port Clinton. The town also annexed the village of Ravinia in 1899.
Highland Park has several attractions including a vibrant downtown shopping district and the Ravinia Festival. Ravinia Festival is an open-air pavilion seating 3,200, which hosts classical, pop and jazz concerts in the summer. It has been the summer home of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra since 1936. Concert-goers can purchase seats in the covered pavilion or tickets to sit on the lawn. Many visitors arrive early and picnic on the lawn before and during the concerts. The Ravinia Festival is located in the Ravinia District, originally an artists' colony which still retains much of its early character and architecture.
Highland Park has several landmark structures listed in the National Register of Historic Places, notably the Willits House by Frank Lloyd Wright. In addition to several houses designed by Wright, the National Register lists homes designed by prominent architects including John S. Van Bergen, Howard Van Doren Shaw, Robert E. Seyfarth, and David Adler. Landscape architect Jens Jensen lived in Highland Park and designed a number of projects in the community that are listed on the register.
Geography.
Highland Park is located at (42.182525, -87.807052).
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and , or 0.27%, is water. Its geographic features include a bluff running along of Lake Michigan shoreline and deep, wooded ravines extending up to inland. Elevations range from above sea level.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 31,365 people, 11,521 households, and 8,917 families residing in the city. The population density was 2,537.5 people per square mile (979.8/km²). There were 11,934 housing units at an average density of 965.5/sq mi (372.8/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 91.20% White, 1.78% African American, 0.08% Native American, 2.28% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 3.46% from other races, and 1.18% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.90% of the population.
There were 11,521 households out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.9% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.09. 
In the city the population was spread out with 27.0% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $100,967, and the median income for a family was $117,235. Males had a median income of $83,121 versus $41,175 for females. The per capita income for the city was $55,331. About 2.3% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.
Government.
Highland Park is governed by the council-manager form of government. The non-partisan City Council consists of seven members, including an elected mayor and six councilmembers, all elected at-large and serving staggered four-year terms. The current city council consists of:
Politics.
Highland Park is considered a Democratic stronghold, perhaps due in part to its significant Jewish and Hispanic populations, traditional Democratic constituencies. Highland Park voters overwhelmingly broke for Illinois Senator Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election, choosing him over Arizona Senator John McCain 76.3%-23.1%. Highland Park voters also tend to prefer Democrats in local races. However, Republican Illinois Senator Mark Kirk is also from Highland Park.
At the state level, Highland Park is a part of the 58th House District, represented by Karen May (D-Highland Park), and the 29th Senate District, represented by Susan Garrett (D-Lake Forest). At the county level, the city is split between Districts 22 and 23, represented by Michele Feldman (D-Deerfield) and Ann Flanigan Bassi (D-Highland Park), respectively.
Economy.
The international headquarters of the Solo Cup Company was formerly located in Highland Park, before relocating to neighboring Lake Forest in 2009.
Transportation.
The main highway in Highland Park is US-41, which connects Chicago to Milwaukee. Commuter rail is available at four Metra stations within city borders (Braeside, Ravinia Park, Ravinia, and Highland Park), as well as two in nearby Highwood (Highwood and Fort Sheridan) on the Union Pacific/North Line, which begins in Chicago and terminates in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Pace also offers several bus routes. Boat launch facilities are available along Lake Michigan. O'Hare International Airport is located approximately south and slightly west.
Notable people.
Highland Park is popular with professional athletes, as the Chicago Bulls and Chicago Bears practice facilities are nearby in Deerfield and Lake Forest, respectively. The most notable current resident is Michael Jordan. His 56,0000 square foot home is on several acres behind large iron gates bearing the number 23.
In popular culture.
Highland Park is the location of the former home of the main characters in the CBS drama "The Good Wife".
Highland Park was used for location shots for several movies written and directed by John Hughes in the 1980s including "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "Weird Science", "Sixteen Candles", "Uncle Buck" and "Home Alone". Other popular films from the 1980s shot or partially set in Highland Park include "Ordinary People", "Risky Business", and "Lucas." Since 2000, Highland Park movies have included "Kicking & Screaming" and "Shattered Memories of Love".
It also was the setting for the 2000/2001 Fox and PBS documentary show "American High".
It is also the Location of The Show "The Bad Girls Club 12"
Education.
North Shore School District 112 operates three middle schools: Edgewood Middle School, Elm Place School, and Northwood Junior High School.
Township High School District 113 operates Highland Park High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19338941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338941" title="Down in the Valley (folk song)">
Down in the Valley (folk song)

"Down in the Valley", also known as "Birmingham Jail", is a traditional American folk song. It has been recorded by many artists, and is included in the "Songs of Expanding America" recordings in the Burl Ives six-album set "Historical America in Song".
Lyrics.
It is a ballad played in the 3/4 time signature. Lyrics vary, as with most folk songs. For example, sometimes the line "Hang your head over, hear the wind blow" is replaced by "Late in the evening, hear the train blow".
The most notable change in lyrics and title is the Birmingham Jail rendition, recorded by Darby and Tarlton in 1927, and by Lead Belly in 1935.
Pop culture.
The song is performed on The Andy Griffith Show when Andy Griffith and actress Joanna Moore sing the song.
In the original "Friday the 13th" (1980) a group of camp councilors sing the song while the killer stalks.
Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for their 1962 album "The Chipmunk Songbook".
This is song by Dorian Holley and mimed by Erland Van Lidth De Jeude in the 1980 comedy movie Stir Crazy starring Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder in which they are sent to prison after being wrongfully convicted of a bank robbery.
The song was recorded by The Andrews Sisters.
In the episode "Dark Page", an illusion of Deanna Troi's father sings the song in the form of a lullaby.
The 1982 film "Safari 3000" features a scene where Eddie Miles (David Carradine) and J.J. Dalton (Stockard Channing) sing a verse of the song.
The author/songwriter David M Pierce used selected lyrics from the song as titles for a series of detective novels written between 1989 and 1996 - "Down In The Valley", "Hear The Wind Blow, Dear", "Roses Love Sunshine", "Angels In Heaven", "Write Me A Letter" and "As She Rides By".
The first four verses are featured in Catherine Marshall's novel, "Christy", before the prologue.

</doc>
<doc id="19338950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338950" title="Samseongsan (Gyeonggi/Seoul)">
Samseongsan (Gyeonggi/Seoul)

Samseongsan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends across the districts of Gwanak-gu and Geumcheon-gu in Seoul, the national capital, and the city of Anyang, in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19338959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338959" title="CLCC1">
CLCC1

Chloride channel CLIC-like 1 also known as CLCC1 is a human gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is a chloride channel which is related in sequence to the "S. cerevisiae" MID-1 stretch-activated channel. CLCC1 is located in the membranes of intracellular compartments including endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus. It is highly expressed in the testis and moderately in the spleen, liver, kidney, heart, brain, and lung.

</doc>
<doc id="19338961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338961" title="The Door Through Space">
The Door Through Space

The Door Through Space is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley. It is not part of her Darkover book series, but Darkover is mentioned (as another planet) in passing in the book; and many Darkover elements appear in the book (red sun, Dry Towns with chained women, catmen and other nonhumans, Terran Empire trade cities, Ghost Wind, etc.). It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1961, bound tête-bêche with "Rendezvous on a Lost World " by A. Bertram Chandler. The novel is an expansion of Bradley's story "Bird of Prey" which first appeared in the May, 1957 issue of the magazine "Venture".
Plot introduction.
The novel concerns an intelligence agent and a blood feud in the Dry Towns in the north of a world called Wolf.

</doc>
