<doc id="19351434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351434" title="Milt Shoffner">
Milt Shoffner

Milburn James Shoffner was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played seven years in the majors, from until , then again from until .
Shoffner debuted in the majors with the Cleveland Indians in 1929 and pitched three seasons for them. In and 1931, his ERA was over 7.00, and by mid-season he was pitching for the Toledo Mud Hens. Shoffner did not return to the major leagues until 1937, with the Boston Bees. That season, he made six appearances—five of them starts—with an impressive 2.53 ERA.
That performance led to a larger role on the team, and while his performance slipped a bit, his record was a respectable 8–7 with a 3.54 ERA. Despite getting off to a good start in , Shoffner was waived by the Bees and claimed by the Cincinnati Reds. Overall that season, Shoffner finished 6th in the league in ERA at 3.18 in 170 innings (a career high). Despite this, he did not appear in the 1939 World Series for the Reds.
The following season, Shoffner had a rougher go, as his ERA slipped back to 5.63 and he was mostly limited to mop-up duty. Once again, he did not appear in the 1940 World Series, which the Reds won. During the offseason, Shoffner was traded to the New York Giants for infielder Wayne Ambler, and after pitching one last season in the minors he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19351446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351446" title="Frédéric Hanvi">
Frédéric Hanvi

Frédéric Hanvi (born May 2, 1989 in Senlis, France) is a French baseball player, having played for several junior national teams in France, and for several French pro teams before being scouted by Major League Baseball. He was signed to a seven-year Minor League Contract with the Minnesota Twins organization. He is the second French player to be signed to a Major League contract after Joris Bert. The Twins have also promised to free him to play with Team France during official competitions. He is currently a free agent.
Career history.
After starting with the Cougars de Montigny, Frédéric worked his way up through the training program put in place by the FFBC, playing for Rouen in 2004-2005, then for Team France at the INSEP in 2005-2006, then for Toulouse in 2006-2007. Since 2006, he's worn the Tigers de Toulouse uniform. While playing for Toulouse, he was part of the second place championship Team France in 2006 and a third place finish in the European Baseball Cup in 2007.
While playing for the junior team, he has won 3 national titles: the French Minor Championship in 2004, and the French Junior Championship in 2005 and 2006.
With Team France, he was part of the winning under-21 team that won the second place European Championship in 2006.
On August 7, 2007, he signed a contract with the Minnesota Twins organization. Being only 18 years old he must first graduate from high school in France. He played for the Tigers de Toulouse until June 2008, then participated in the training camps of the Academy Minor League in Australia from June 30 to August 15, 2008. He played in the Australian professional league from September 2008 until February 2009, when he joined the Gulf Coast League Twins in the United States.
Sources.
"This article draws heavily on the :fr:Frédéric Hanvi article in the French-language Wikipedia, which was accessed in the version of September 16, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19351449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351449" title="Rock &amp; Soul">
Rock &amp; Soul

Rock & Soul is an album by The Everly Brothers, originally released in 1965. It was re-released on CD in 2005 on the Collectors' Choice Music label.
The version of "Love Hurts" included here is a different version than the one that they recorded previously.

</doc>
<doc id="19351453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351453" title="Holler House">
Holler House

Holler House is a tavern that houses the oldest certified bowling alley in the United States. Holler House contains the two oldest sanctioned lanes in the nation, both of which are still tended by pinsetters.
Holler House was opened in the Lincoln Village neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1908. The 100th anniversary party was held on Saturday, September 14, 2008. "Esquire" has rated Holler House one of the best bars in America.
History.
Holler House was founded on September 13, 1908, by "Iron Mike" Skoronski as "Skowronski's". His son, Gene, married Marcy in 1952 and they renamed it "Gene and Marcy's". Gene died, but Marcy Skowronski still runs the tavern. About 1975, it was christened "Holler House" by a German woman who could not believe the noise that was coming from inside.
Tradition.
Starting in the mid-twentieth century, Holler House began a tradition that has since accumulated nearly 1,000 bras. This tradition started when the owner Marcy Skowronski was drinking with her friends, after which they started taking their clothes off. This has now grown into a tradition in which women autograph and hang their bras from various fixtures in the tavern on their first visit. When the bras started fraying, Skowronski boxed up most of them to make room for new ones to be displayed.
100th anniversary.
In preparation for its 100th anniversary, Holler House received its first thorough cleaning in 40 years. During this cleaning, five two-hole 15-pound wooden bowling balls were found.
Same appearance as one century ago.
Holler House still looks much the same as it did a century ago. The lanes are made of real wood that was laid over a century ago, not the synthetic wood found in modern bowling alleys. It still has a manual pin mechanism that pin boys reload by hand by rolling the bowling balls down a track between the two lanes. Scores from bowling games are documented from paper hanging on the wall.
Memorabilia and the beer sold.
Memorabilia dating back to as early as 1912 is displayed. Prices in the early days were 25 cents for a hot beef sandwich and 25 cents plus deposit for a half-gallon of beer. During Prohibition, liquor was stored under a baby's crib on the assumption the police would not look there. There are no chairs in the bowling. Reflecting the ethnic background of the neighborhood, there are Polish falcon crests above the bowling lanes.
Holler House sells only bottled beer, with the exception of Schlitz in a can. There is nothing on tap.

</doc>
<doc id="19351455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351455" title="Augustus Island">
Augustus Island

Augustus Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in inner Frobisher Bay. The island lies at the head of Ward Inlet, between Becher Peninsula and Hall Peninsula. Bruce Island is located at the mouth of the inlet. Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Algerine Island, Frobisher's Farthest, McBride Island, and Pichit Island.
The island was named by American Arctic explorer Charles Francis Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19351484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351484" title="Gultepe">
Gultepe

Gultepe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19351485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351485" title="Lucy in London">
Lucy in London

Lucy in London is a 1966 prime-time TV special produced and directed by Steve Binder, co-produced and choreographed by David Winters and sponsored by Monsanto Company. The program starred Lucille Ball, Anthony Newley and the Dave Clark Five and was filmed entirely on location in London.
Plot.
Lucy Carmichael (Lucille Ball), an American secretary, arrives in London to claim a free day trip that she won in a dog food jingle contest. She is expecting a luxury limousine tour of the city, but instead is greeted by a tour guide named Tony (Anthony Newley) who escorts her in a motorcycle with an open sidecar. Their initial stop, for punting on the River Thames in an inflatable raft, ends disastrously when they collide with a rowing team and sink beneath the waters. Tony then takes Lucy to the heart of London's shopping district, where she models the latest mod fashions in a musical number based on the Phil Spector tune "Lucy in London." 
Lucy is then escorted to Madame Tussaud’s wax museum, where she is frightened by a curator (Wilfred Hyde-White) whom she mistakes for a haunted wax statue that comes to life. She then visits a British manor, where she plays Kate opposite actor Peter Wyngarde in a scene from the William Shakespeare comedy "The Taming of the Shrew". Lucy and Tony return to the Thames, where they sing "Pop Goes the Weasel" as a duet. The Dave Clark Five turns up to sing "London Bridge is Falling Down".
Lucy and Tony then arrive at an empty theater, where Tony dons a tuxedo and sings a medley of songs from the Leslie Bricusse-Anthony Newley show "Stop the World, I Want to Get Off". Lucy follows him with a mime act and a song where she shows her appreciation of her London adventures.
Production history.
"Lucy in London" came about as part of Lucille Ball's 1966-67 contract renewal with CBS. At the time, she was producing and starring in "The Lucy Show" for the network. The agreement gave her the option to star in three specials that would be produced independent of her weekly program. Ball originally planned a production where she would co-star with Mitzi Gaynor as two nuns touring Europe, followed by a French-based production called "Lucy in Paris" and a Middle Eastern comedy called "Lucy in Arabia". None of those projects gained footing, and instead Ball, through her company Desilu Productions, opted to shoot "Lucy in London".
The concept for "Lucy in London" was set up in an episode of "The Lucy Show" called "Lucy Flies to London." Much of that episode, which involved Lucy’s unfamiliarity with air travel, was based on an unsold pilot written and shot in 1960.
Laurence Olivier was signed to appear in "Lucy in London," but withdrew from the production prior to shooting.
Ball went through 15 different wigs during the production. Cleo Smith, Ball's cousin and the executive in charge of this production, later recalled that problems arose in photographing the star on the London locations, where the use of heavy stage make-up and filtered lighting that was employed for her studio-based program could not repeated. Ball's biographer Geoffrey Mark Fidelman would later remark that the actress "looked old" throughout the show due to difficulties in establishing flattering lighting for the outdoor sequences.
"Lucy in London" was broadcast on October 24, 1966. Reviews were poor, with "Variety" complaining: "What had promised to be one of the season's major specials turned out to be a major disappointment." Ball opted not to pursue the creation of the remaining two specials in her contract. Yet, newspapers show this was tied with three other programs as the #1 program of the week.
"Lucy in London" is included on the DVD release of "The Lucy Show - The Official 5th Season".

</doc>
<doc id="19351501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351501" title="Cornelius Elanjikal">
Cornelius Elanjikal

Cornelius Elanjikal D.D. Ph.D. DC.L. (8 September 1918 – 7 August 2011) was an Indian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Kerala, India and was ordained a priest on 18 March 1945. Elanjikal was appointed on 16 January 1971 to the Diocese of Vijayapuram and was ordained a bishop on 4 April 1971. Elanjikal was appointed to the Diocese of Verapoly on 26 January 1987 and retired on 14 June 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19351503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351503" title="Carré d'As IV incident">
Carré d'As IV incident

On September 16, 2008, a military operation was conducted by French forces off Somalia to retake the yacht "Carré d'As IV" from Somali pirates on September 2, 2008. The operation was successful and the two hostages were rescued, the yacht was recovered, one pirate was killed, and six pirates were captured. 
Background.
The 50-foot "Carré d'As IV" had been sailing from Australia to the Suez Canal when on September 2 when was attacked by pirates and captured with its two crew, Jean-Yves and Bernadette Delanne, who were taken and held for ransom. Four days later the French frigate "Courbet" (F 712) arrived on the scene and began shadowing the captured yacht. When contacted, the pirates demanded a one million dollar ransom and the release of six other pirates that were in French custody. The pirates then set course for the city of Eyl on the coast of Puntland, which many pirate gangs use as a base of operations.
Action.
The French government refused to negotiate and instead sent in a military team of 30 combat divers to assault and retake the "Carré d'As IV". After arriving on the "Courbet", the commandos were flown by helicopter and dropped off by parachute into the sea close to the yacht. The commandos then swam to the captured vessel and boarded her with grappling hooks. The pirates were taken completely by surprise and only one pirate attempted to resist and was quickly shot and killed. Six other pirates on the yacht were captured, and the two hostages were released ten minutes after the assault began.
Aftermath.
The French authorities then took the pirates to Djibouti where they will be flown to France to stand trial. French President Nicolas Sarkozy stated that the pirates would only be handed over to Somali authorities if it was clear that they would be prosecuted and punished for their actions.

</doc>
<doc id="19351504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351504" title="Latécoère 17">
Latécoère 17

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 17 was a French airliner built in 1923 for use on Latécoère's own airline on routes between France and Morocco. The prototype was designated the Latécoère 14, reusing the number of an unrelated earlier design that had been rejected. This new aircraft was a parasol-wing monoplane of conventional configuration with an enclosed cabin for five passengers and an open cockpit for the pilot. This was to be Latécoère's first truly successful design, and as production continued, a range of different engines were fitted. 
Operational history.
Lignes Aériennes Latécoère flew most of these aircraft on its routes between France and Morocco. However, eight were used for services to South America, and two on a temporary domestic route between Perpignan, Marseille, and Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19351505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351505" title="Thomas Jones (justice)">
Thomas Jones (justice)

Sir Thomas Jones KS (13 October 1614 – 31 May 1692) was an English judge and politician, who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1676. 
Jones was the second son of Edward Jones and his wife Mary Powell, daughter of Robert Powell of Whittington Park. He was educated at Shrewsbury School before being admitted to Emmanuel College, Cambridge, as a pensioner on 9 May 1629. On 6 May of the same year he became a student of Lincoln's Inn, and was called to the bar on 17 March 1634, two years after finishing his Bachelor of Arts degree. His career began in Shrewsbury, where he was elected Alderman in 1638.
During the English Civil War Shrewsbury was a Royalist garrison and Prince Rupert stayed at Jones' house. Jones was taken prisoner when the town was captured by the Parliamentarians in February 1645, the commissioners for corporations later stated that "he had declared himself against the commission of array" and "refused to find a dragoon for the King’s service". 
In 1660, Jones was elected Member of Parliament for Shrewsbury in the 1660 Convention parliament, together with his cousin Samuel. The day following the election he became town clerk for Shrewsbury and served until 1662. Also in 1660, he was made a Bencher at Lincoln's Inn. He was re-elected MP for Shrewsbury in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament. During this time he was inactive in Westminster, and instead furthered his legal career in Wales and the Marches. 
Between 1662 and 1670 he served on Eyre circuits of Northern Wales, and in 1669 he was made a Serjeant-at-law. In 1671 he was made Chief Justice of the North Wales circuit. The same year he was promoted to King's Serjeant and knighted on 26 October. 
On 13 April 1676, Jones was rewarded for his service in Parliament by being made a justice of the King's Bench. In 1678 he drove hard for the conviction of Edward Coleman, but later clearly indicated his belief in Samuel Pepys' innocence. In 1680, the House of Commons attempted to have him impeached, but the start of the second Exclusion Parliament prevented this. In 1681 and 1683 he helped try the conspirators in the Popish Plot, and appears to have initially believed Titus Oates and other informers before changing his mind. 
Jones was the judge in the 1683 "Quo warranto" trial against the Corporation of London, and was rewarded on 29 September 1683 by succeeding Francis Pemberton as Chief Justice of the Common Pleas. He was one of the judges appointed to the Court of Claims prior to the coronation of James II in 1684. Although he continued to display severity when handing out judgements in subsequent trials, he eventually found himself unable to follow the King's wishes, and along with three other judges was dismissed on 21 April 1686; he was appointed due to his severity and then removed, ironically, because he was not severe enough. He returned home to Carreghofa, where he died on 31 May 1692.
Jones married Jane Bavand, daughter of Daniel Bavand of Chester, around 1640, and they had five sons and six daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19351548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351548" title="Mattatuck Museum">
Mattatuck Museum

The Mattatuck Museum is a cultural institution based in Waterbury, Connecticut, USA. 
Collection.
The Mattatuck Museum is unique because it focuses on the work of painters and sculptors who were born and/or based in Connecticut. Its collection spans the 18th, 19th and 20th centuries, and the artists represented in the museum's collection include Paolo Abbate, Abe Ajay, Alexander Calder, Frederic Church, Erastus Salisbury Field, Arshile Gorky, John Frederick Kensett, Peter Poskas, Kay Sage, Yves Tanguy and John Trumbull.
The museum also highlights the commercial and cultural achievements related to the city of Waterbury. This includes a collection of 15,000 buttons, which was donated to the museum by the now-defunct Button Museum operated by the Waterbury Button Company. In 2008, the museum began offering self-guided tours of downtown Waterbury that highlight the city’s distinctive architectural achievements. The museum also features a regional history exhibit that uses interactive displays, oral histories and historic movie clips to trace the past and present of Waterbury and the surrounding areas in New Haven County, Connecticut.
The museum supports ongoing artistic achievement with its Connecticut Biennial, a competition that is open to artists who maintain a residence or a studio within the state. The biennial competition awards include products and gift certificates from local businesses.
The remains of "Larry".
In 1999, the museum received national attention regarding one of its exhibits: the skeleton of a man that was discovered in 1910 in the boarded-up closet of a Waterbury building that was undergoing renovation. The skeleton was believed to date from the late 18th century and was dubbed "Larry," as that name was written on its skull. The skeleton was on display in a glass case until 1970, when it was removed from public viewing.
However, a later investigation by the African-American Historic Project Committee determined the skeleton belonged a black slave named Fortune, who died in 1798. The museum created a special exhibit in honor of Fortune that detailed the lives of African-American slaves in the early part of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19351556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351556" title="Mark Ferguson">
Mark Ferguson

Mark Ferguson (born 28 February 1961) is a New Zealand-based Australian actor and television presenter.
Biography.
Ferguson was born in Sydney, Australia, in family of Scottish ancestry (Ferguson (name) is a Scottish clan). He attended the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) and graduated in 1981. In 1982, he played Paul Shepard in the television series "Sons and Daughters", played alongside Michael York in the film "The Far Country" and starred in "The Sinking of the Rainbow Warrior". Between 1992 and 1995, he portrayed twin brothers Darryl and Damian Neilson in the popular New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street" and had a stint in the award-winning animation short film "When Ponds Freeze Over".
In 1994 he made his first appearance in "Hercules – The Legendary Journeys", playing Prometheus in "Hercules and the Circle of Fire". He also had roles in the Xena television series.
Ferguson also helped found a production company and an improvisational theatre.
Ferguson had two roles in Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy. He played Gil-galad, the last High King of the Noldor, but also filmed some scenes as the Witch-king of Angmar. However, the Witch-king material wasn't used in the final production.
In 2001, Ferguson was the New Zealand host of Australian reality television series "Big Brother Australia" and "The Mole", as well as several special episodes of "Big Brother Australia 2001" and "2002". Also in 2001 Ferguson played Andrew Couch in the television series "Spin Doctors".
Mark Now.
Has his own business specializing in corporate events and entertainment called Ovation Business Theatre based in Auckland, New Zealand.
http://www.ovationbiz.co.nz/

</doc>
<doc id="19351560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351560" title="Chandras">
Chandras

Chandras (Greek: Χανδράς) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece. It is situated in the low hills between the rivers Ardas and Erythropotamos, about 20 km west of the centre of Orestiada. The nearest larger villages are Megali Doxipara to its southwest and Valtos to its northeast.
History.
Before 1913 it was ruled by the Ottomans. After a brief period of Bulgarian rule between 1913 and 1919, it became part of Greece. As a result its Bulgarian and Turkish population was exchanged with Greek refugees, mainly from today's Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19351564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351564" title="Jair Picerni">
Jair Picerni

Jair Picerni (born October 20, 1944 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager and former footballer. He is currently coaching Red Bull Brasil.
With São Caetano, Picerni was twice runner-up of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (2000 and 2001) and a Copa Libertadores (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="19351601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351601" title="Hollingsworth">
Hollingsworth

Hollingsworth is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19351605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351605" title="Singer House">
Singer House

Singer House (), also widely known as the House of Books (), is a building located at the intersection of Nevsky Prospekt and the Griboyedov Canal, directly opposite the Kazan Cathedral in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is recognized as an historical landmark, and has official status as an object of Russian cultural heritage.
History.
The building was designed by architect Pavel Suzor for the Russian branch of the Singer Sewing Machine Company. The management of the Singer Company initially intended to construct a skyscraper, similar to the Singer Building, the company headquarters being built at that time in New York, but the Saint Petersburg building code did not allow structures taller than the Winter Palace, residence of the emperor. The architect found an elegant solution to the limit of 23.5 meters: the six-storey Art Nouveau building is crowned with a glass tower, which in turn is topped by a glass globe sculpture created by the Estonian artist Amandus Adamson. This tower creates the impression of a substantial elevation, but is subtle enough not to overshadow either the Kazan Cathedral or the Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood.
In 1919, not long after the October Revolution, the building was given to the Petrograd State Publishing House. It quickly became the city's largest book store, and was subsequently named "The House of Books" in 1938. The book store remained functioning during the Siege of Leningrad until November 1942. It reopened again in 1948. The building was closed for reconstruction during the 2004-2006 period, then re-opened as the home of several businesses, including the familiar House of Books and Café Singer.

</doc>
<doc id="19351626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351626" title="HD 130917">
HD 130917

HD 130917 is a star in double system, in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19351634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351634" title="Indiana Memorial Union">
Indiana Memorial Union

The Indiana Memorial Union (IMU) is a student union building at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. It is located at 900 E 7th Street, facing the Jordan River and the Dunn Meadow.
The Indiana Memorial Union was dedicated on June 13, 1932. At nearly , it is the world's largest student union building under one roof.
John Whittenberger, a student, founded the Indiana Union in 1909. Every student at Indiana University's Bloomington campus is a member of the Indiana Memorial Union by default. The Indiana Memorial Union Board is the governing body of the Indiana Memorial Union. The Union Board is led by a group of 16 student directors, a faculty representative, an administrative representative, an alumni representative, and the Executive Director of the Indiana Memorial Union. This 20-person committee is known as the Union Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="19351640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351640" title="José María Larrauri Lafuente">
José María Larrauri Lafuente

José María Larrauri Lafuente (March 4, 1918 – December 9, 2008) was a Spanish Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death, aged 90, he was one of the oldest bishops in the Church and one of oldest bishops of Spain.
Lafuente was born in Vitoria, Spain and was ordained a priest on June 29, 1948 in Vitoria, Spain. He was appointed Auxiliary bishop of Archdiocese of Pamplona on September 21, 1970, along with the Titular Bishop of Aufinium, and was ordained a bishop on November 4, 1970. On February 16, 1979 Legarreta was appointed to the Vitoria Diocese and would remain there until his retirement on September 8, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19351647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351647" title="Priscoe">
Priscoe

Priscoe may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19351669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351669" title="30 Inolvidables">
30 Inolvidables

30 Inolvidables (Eng.: "30 Unforgettables") is a compilation album released by the Mexican group Los Bukis. This album became their first number-one album in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19351680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351680" title="Middlesboro High School">
Middlesboro High School

Middlesboro High School is a public high school in Middlesboro, Kentucky, United States one of three schools operated by the Middlesboro Independent School District.
History.
Middlesboro High School has been educating students for over 120 years. The first class of seniors graduated in 1894 just four years after the founding of Middlesboro in 1890. 
There is very little historical information remaining concerning Middlesboro's early educational institutes. In his 1943 book, "The History of Bell County" Henry Harvey Fuson (transcribed by C. Richard Mathews) offers some insight into those early years. He writes:
"The first school in Middlesborough was a private school taught by Ezra L. Grubb, a graduate of Centre College. It was opened December 9, 1889, over Charles Whitaker's store on East Cumberland Avenue. Mr. Grubb was assisted by Mrs. Maggie Chumley and Miss Cora Morris, who taught music and painting." 
"On October 17, 1890, the city council passed an ordinance to establish a public school. Mr. Grubb became the first principal, being succeeded by Prof. T. C. Westfall. Following Westfall as principal was C. W. Gordinier from Valparaiso Normal School, who was appointed by the first city board of education. The members of the board were F. D. Hart, W. H. Rhorer, William Acuff, E. K. Pattee, M. Park and Mr. Price. Mr. Hart was elected secretary and manager of the school at fifteen dollars per month."
Fuson further states: "The first class was graduated in 1894, the members being: John Miller, Jennie Dickinson, Julia Moore, Kate Colgan, Louise Park, Mary Campbell, Denta Campbell, Nell Van Gorder, Jess Rhorer, Dora Green, W. A. Purnell and Hattie Broshear." Classes moved to Middlesboro High School (Central) after completion of the new building in 1910."
That first formal high school opened its doors in 1890 as Middlesborough Public School. It was likely located on the lower floor of what is now the Masonic Lodge building on 20th Street. Early photographs of the building show a sign that reads "Public School". The Middlesboro school system offices remained in the lower floor rooms until the 1970's. 
One of the early Middlesboro School superintendents, Professor M. Oliver (M.O.) Winfrey, excelled in many endeavors having at one time run for Kentucky Department of Education Secretary. According to "A History of Kentucky and Kentuckians" by E. Polk Johnson, Winfrey was superintendent from September 1902 until September 1915. He was credited with the building of Middlesborough Central High School in 1910. 
Francis F.A. Cosgrove served as superintendent from September 1915 until 1917. He was active in statewide education projects and served as superintendent in many different systems in Kentucky. 
In the publication, Catalog of the University of Kentucky 1920-21, Middlesboro High School was listed as a Class A accredited High School as early as 1920 under the direction of superintendent Doctor Tybee William (T.W.) Oliver. Dr. Oliver served as superintendent from 1917 until 1922.
One of Middlesboro's most distinguished school superintendents was Dr. James Wood (J.W.) Bradner, a graduate of Columbia University and a nationally respected educator and administrator. Under his leadership at Middlesboro beginning in 1922, the school system was considered the top district in the state. The distinguished Bradner was selected by the Governor of Kentucky to head the Kentucky Department of Education. Dr. Bradner served until his sudden death in 1944.
Middlesboro High (Central) School, on 20th Street, was completed in 1910. The large brick building housed both the high school and classrooms for downtown area elementary students. With the rapid growth of the city, a separate high school was built in 1920 located one block west of Central School just off South 21st Street. 
Middlesboro High School received accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . in 1929. The classically designed school was located atop a small knoll overlooking downtown Middlesboro for nearly 50 years. 
Having played an integral role in thousands of students lives, the aging Central School and the old Middlesboro High School were demolished in the late 1960’s after two new racially integrated elementary schools were built in 1965 and a new high school in 1967-68. The city parking lot and Middlesboro’s city hall now stand on the old school sites. 
The senior class of 1996 unveiled a framed banner marking 100 years of excellence at Middlesboro High School during the graduation ceremony which is on permanent display in the Central Arts Building.
Mission Statement.
The Middlesboro High School staff will educate all students to reach proficiency by encouraging understanding of the academic, intellectual, and cultural skills necessary for living in a global society.
School Song.
Middlesboro High School's official fight song was sung at least as far back as March 18, 1915. The Pinnacle News ran a story entitled "St. Patrick's Day at Local Schools". An excerpt from the article reads, "A quartette of girls sang " A Toast To Dear Old Erin" in more than an ordinary manner. Then the entire school gave the Middlesboro Loyalty Song with great gusto." Loyalty lyrics appeared in print for the first time in the 1921 edition of the MHS Senior Yearbook. 
Middlesboro Loyalty is performed by the MHS band at football and basketball games, parades and at other time when maximum school spirit is required! The music and lyrics are nearly identical to the University of Illinois school song "Illinois Loyalty" 
Middlesboro Loyalty.
We're loyal to you, Middlesboro!
We're yellow and white, Middlesboro!
We'll back you to stand
'Gainst the best in the land,
For we know you have sand,
Middlesboro, Rah! Rah!
So crack out that ball, Middlesboro!
We are backing you all, Middlesboro!
Our team is our Fame, Protector,
On, boys, from we expect a
Victory from you Middlesboro!
Che-Hee! Cha-Hah! Cha-Hah! Hah! Hah!
Middlesboro High School,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Fling out that dear ol' flag of yellow and white,
Lean on thy sons and daughters,
Fighting for right.
Like men of Auld Lang Syne:
Shouting defiance,
Placing reliance,
Os-ke-wah-wah-wah!
Amid the broad green fields that nourish our land,
For honest labor and for learning we stand,
And unto thee we pledge our hearts and hands,
Dear ol' Alma Mater- Middlesboro!
Campus.
Middlesboro High School shares its campus with Middlesboro Middle School. The two schools are separated by the Central Arts Building which provide students with a 900 seat auditorium, a state-of-the-art sound and lighting booth, a visual arts hallway for both middle school and high school art classes, and a performing arts hallway for choir, theater, and instrumental music programs. The facility also contains an Athletic Hall of Fame area in the main lobby. The Central Arts building is used for both school and community events. It is primarily used for theater productions, choir and band concerts, and graduation. 
Arches of Roses.
A once long lost tradition at Middlesboro High School was "Arches of Roses." Unlike most schools whose graduates march to "Pomp and Circumstance" before the graduation ceremony, MHS chose the song "Arches of Roses." Junior girls, dressed in long formal gowns and silky white gloves, carried arches wrapped in gold and white ribbon covered with roses down the aisles leading the Senior class into the auditorium. This unique tradition has been with MHS since its beginning but had been abandoned in recent graduation ceremonies. However, in 2007, "Arches of Roses" was performed by a group of Seniors to bring the tradition back to Middlesboro High School, and in 2013, "Arches of Roses" once again became an integral part of the graduation ceremonies at MHS.
Extracurricular activities.
Middlesboro High School students have the opportunity to participate in academic team, The "Pride of the Cumberlands" Yellow Jacket Band, Beta Club, choir, DECA, drama, FBLA, FCCLA, First Priority, journalism, yearbook staff, newspaper, JROTC, Key Club, National Honor Society, Spanish club, student government, Technology Student Association, Teens Against Tobacco Use, HOSA and VICA.
Athletics.
Middlesboro High School's athletic teams are known as the Yellow Jackets, or Lady Jackets for the girls' teams. Competition includes football, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, golf, soccer, fast pitch softball, tennis, track and volleyball. 
The MHS girls 2005 softball team won the first ever All "A" State Softball Tournament in Kentucky. The school is also known for repeated appearances by boys and girls in the All "A" Classic State Basketball Tournament.
Middlesboro High School won the 1998 Kentucky Class A State Champion football. The team defeated Mayfield in the championship game. 
Dustin Wynn, a former kicker for the MHS football team, set the Kentucky High School Athletic Association's state record for the longest field goal attempt at 57 yards during a game at Harlan High School. The kick was successful, and the record has yet to be broken.
The Middlesboro Yellow Jackets football program is one of the top ten winningest programs in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. The team also holds numerous records in other areas of its football program and is one of the most respected high school football programs in Kentucky.
Middlesboro High School excels on the baseball diamond. Under former coach Bill Powell, the baseball Yellow Jackets grew to become a state powerhouse.
Six tennis courts, a football practice field, track, a baseball field, a softball field,
a soccer field, and a marching band practice field are all located within walking distance of the high school.
Bradner Stadium, named for former school superintendent James Wiliiam J.W. Bradner, is located in downtown Middlesboro. Lee Majors field, named for MHS graduate and movie star Lee Majors, is part of the stadium.
Fuson Brothers Gymnasium is the home of Middlesboro Basketball. Named for MHS athletic standouts Ig and Ug Fuson, Fuson Gym provides six goals and a two tier facility for MHS ballplayers and fans. 
Curriculum.
Middlesboro High School follows Kentucky's Pre-College Curriculum as mandated by Kentucky Education Association. Seniors who wish to pursue a vocational curriculum may attend the Bell County Area Technology Center, which offers programs in auto body repair, automotive technology, carpentry, computer technology, health services, and office technology.
LPFM Radio Station Construction Permit.
On January 31, 2014, the Middlesboro Board of Education was granted a construction permit by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for a new Low Power FM (LPFM) radio station. The transmitter and studios will be located at Middlesboro High School. After construction, the new station will transmit on a frequency of 95.5 MHz with transmitter output of 100 watts. The new station will cover all of Middlesboro and some of the outlying areas. The new stations callsign will be WYJR-LP, for "Yellow Jacket Radio".

</doc>
<doc id="19351691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351691" title="Spanish occupation of the Dominican Republic">
Spanish occupation of the Dominican Republic

In 1861 general Pedro Santana asked the queen Isabella II of Spain to retake control of the Dominican Republic, after a period of only 17 years of independence. Spain, which had not come to terms with the loss of its American colonies 30 years earlier, accepted his proposal and made the country a colony again.
The end of the U.S. Civil War in 1865 and the re-assertion of the Monroe Doctrine by the United States (no longer involved in internal conflict and possessing enormously expanded and modernized military forces as a result of the war) prompted the evacuation of Spanish forces back to Cuba in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19351696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351696" title="Hope for the Hopeless">
Hope for the Hopeless

Hope for the Hopeless is the third studio album by the American singer-songwriter Brett Dennen. It was released on October 21, 2008, by Dualtone Music Group and Downtown Records, following Dennen's tour of Australia. The Nigerian Afro-beat musician Femi Kuti appears on the album's first single, "Make You Crazy". The album peaked at number 41 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, and number 4 on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart.
Referring to "Make You Crazy", Dennen told "Rolling Stone": "I made the song catchy but it's about all the injustice in the world." That song has a music video starring the American singer Mandy Moore. "Heaven" was the second single released from this album and Dennen decided to sell it also on iTunes. Natalie Merchant, the former leading singer of 10,000 Maniacs rock band, appears on this single.
Critical response.
"Hope for the Hopeless" received a score of 71 on Metacritic, which collated reviews from "Entertainment Weekly", "Allmusic", "Popmatters", "Paste", "Billboard" and "Rolling Stone".
The most favourable review came from "Entertainment Weeklys Leah Greenblatt, who hailed the albums "tuneful folk-rock accessibility" before giving it a final rating of B+. Dennen's songwriting was held up to scrutiny by, among others, "Popmatters Aarik Danielsen, who said, in a 7/10 review, "...he’s no Dylan or Lennon, but he does capture the spirit of a generation attracted to the hopeful promise they witnessed in the Obama candidacy."
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Hope for the Hopeless.

</doc>
<doc id="19351700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351700" title="Walls of Sand">
Walls of Sand

Walls of Sand is a 1994 independent film directed and produced by Erica Jordan and co-produced by Shirin Etessam. It is notable for being the first contemporary feature film to be webcast on the Internet.
Plot.
Soraya (Shirin Etessam) is a young Iranian woman living in San Francisco, California. She has no contact with her fellow Iranian emigrants, who disapprove of her living in an unmarried state with an American boyfriend. After two years, their relationship ends due to his refusal to commit to marriage. Soroya, who lacks a green card to enable her continued residency in the U.S., takes a job as the au pair for a young boy living with his divorced, agoraphobic mother (Jan Carty Marsh). The woman's ex-husband, using the promise of securing a green card for Soroya, coerces her to provide information on the household, which would then be used in an upcoming custody battle over parental rights to the child. 
Production history.
Shirin Etessam and Erica Jordan first met while they were students at San Francisco State University. They collaborated on the screenplay for "Walls of Sand" and raised the funds for their $80,000 budget through a sponsorship from the nonprofit organization Women Make Movies and the maxing out of 12 credit cards.
Distribution.
Shot in black and white 16mm, "Walls of Sand" was shown at the Independent Feature Film Market (IFFM) in New York City in September 1995, at the Film Arts Festival in San Francisco in November 1995, and at the Slamdance Film Festival in Park City, Utah, in January 1996. However, it did not receive a theatrical commercial release.
In March 1998, "Walls of Sand" was presented for real time viewing on The Sync, an Internet webcasting network. The Sync had already presented several short films and two classic public domain silent features, "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (1919) and "Nosferatu" (1922), but no contemporary feature film had been made available for free real-time webcast viewing prior to "Walls of Sand". (In 1993, the feature film "Wax or the Discovery of Television Among the Bees" was presented in an invitation-only, one-time non-webcast hypertext transmission to a few dozen computer laboratories.)
Jordan, in an interview with the "New York Times", stated that she was taking a gamble in putting her film online, particularly at a time when Internet speeds were still relatively slow. "We're taking a chance," she said. "I know the quality is bad."
In a later interview with Film Threat, Jordan questioned whether the Internet was the proper medium for viewing movies. "Is this really the way we want to watch movies?" she asked. "Will having films on the Internet add to the general public's appreciation for independent films? Will the 'digital divide' get smaller or larger, opening films to a greater or less diverse population?"
"Walls of Sand" was released on VHS video in 2000. The Sync shut down its operations in 2002 and "Walls of Sand" is no longer available for webcast viewing. To date, "Walls of Sand" has not been released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19351723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351723" title="Atinolfo">
Atinolfo

Atinolfo was the Bishop of Fiesole (1038–1057) and an opponent of Papal reform. 
Onomastics suggest that he was a Lombard originally from southern Italy. Atinolfo was staying in Florence when he was appointed bishop by the Emperor Conrad II in February or March 1038. His predecessor, also an imperial appointee, was Iacopo il Bavaro, was a reformer who restored the diocesan patrimony. Atinolfo appears to have been otherwise. He repossessed the possessions of the dicoese which Iacopo had granted to the monastery of San Bartolomeo. As late as July 1039 he was still not consecrated, despite the growing movement within Latin Christendom against that practice. He appears also to have been an imperial partisan, though imperial intervention in ecclesiastical affairs would soon stir up the Investiture Controversy. On 25 October 1046 he attended the Synod of Pavia convoked by the Emperor Henry III. 
Nonetheless, Atinolfo signed the canons with Gerard, Bishop of Florence, of a Roman synod convened under Pope Leo IX, a reformer, in May 1050. On 15 July 1050, while the pope was passing through Florence, the monks of San Bartolomeo met him and implored him to confirm the donation that Iacopo had made to them. The pope did and Atinolof complied by restoring the possessions in a charter in which he describes Conrad II, not the pope, as "senior mei" (my lord). Atinolof was last recorded in July 1057 at a synod of Tuscan bishops in Arezzo under Pope Victor II. 

</doc>
<doc id="19351725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351725" title="Severo">
Severo

Severo may refer to:
People.
In places:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19351726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351726" title="Massachusetts Route 147">
Massachusetts Route 147

Route 147 is a west–east state highway in Massachusetts, serving the cities of Agawam and West Springfield. It follows the easternmost few miles of the former route of Route 57 before it was moved onto a limited access freeway a mile south, the Henry E. Bodurtha Highway, completed in 1966.
Route description.
Route 147 begins at the intersection of Springfield Street and Mill Street in Agawam, where Springfield Street bears northeast and Mill Street begins east. The route continues northeast for two miles (3 km) then turns east at the intersection with North Street. Route 147 follows Springfield Street to an intersection with Route 75/Suffield Street and Route 159/Main Street. Route 75 and Route 159 both are continuations of Connecticut routes having the same number that enter Massachusetts four miles (6 km) to the south. At the intersection, Route 147 takes a left turn onto a bridge over the Westfield River and enters West Springfield.
Route 147 in West Springfield follows Memorial Avenue east-northeast past the Eastern States Exposition grounds, where the agricultural state fair for the six New England states meets each year. The route continues down Memorial Avenue past the large former Boston and Albany, now CSX, rail freight yard. Route 147 then continues past the Century Center shopping center before ending at US 5/Riverdale Street at a rotary adjacent to the Memorial Bridge over the Connecticut River into Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19351743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351743" title="Thomas Griffith Taylor">
Thomas Griffith Taylor

Thomas Griffith "Grif" Taylor (1 December 1880 – 5 November 1963) was an English geographer, anthropologist and world explorer. He was a survivor of Captain Robert Scott's Terra Nova Expedition to Antarctica (1910–1913).
Early life.
Taylor was born in the town of Walthamstow, England, to parents James Taylor, a metallurgical chemist, and Lily Agnes, née Griffiths. Within a year after his birth, the family had moved to Serbia where his father was manager of a copper mine. Three years later, they returned to Britain when his father became director of analytical chemistry for a major steelworks company. In 1893, the family emigrated to New South Wales Australia, where James secured a position as a government metallurgist. Taylor, age 13, attended The King's School in Sydney. He enrolled in arts at the University of Sydney in 1899, later transferring to science, attaining his Bachelor of Science in 1904, and Bachelor of Engineering (mining and metallurgy) in 1905. In 1904 he joined the teaching staff at Newington College. Awarded an 1851 Exhibition scholarship in 1907 to Emmanuel College, Cambridge (B.A. , 1909), Taylor was elected a fellow of the Geological Society, London in 1909.
While at Cambridge, he established strong friendships with (Sir) Raymond Priestley, Canada's Charles Wright and the Australian Frank Debenham who all shared his passion for Antarctic exploration and would all travel with him to the Antarctic as part of the Terra Nova Expedition 1910-1913.
Antarctic Expedition.
The explorer Robert Falcon Scott contracted Taylor to the Nova Expedition] to Antarctica. Scott was looking for an experienced team, and appointed Taylor as Senior Geologist. It was agreed that Taylor would act as representative for the weather service, due to the known effects of Antarctic weather conditions on Australia's climate.
Taylor was the leader of the successful geological team, responsible for the first maps and geological interpretations of significant areas of Antarctica. In January, 1911, he led an expedition to the coastal area west of McMurdo Sound, in a region between the McMurdo Dry Valleys and the Koettlitz Glacier. He led a second successful expedition in November, 1911, this time centring on the Granite Harbour region approximately 50 miles (80 km) north of Butter Point. Meanwhile, Scott led a party of five on a journey to the South Pole, in a race to get there before a rival expedition led by Norwegian Roald Amundsen. They reached the Pole in January 1912, only to find a tent left there by Amundsen containing a dated message informing them that he had reached the Pole 5 weeks earlier. Scott's entire team perished during the return journey, only 11 miles from safety.
Taylor's party was due to be picked up by the "Terra Nova" supply ship on 15 January 1912, but the ship could not reach them. They waited until 5 February before trekking southward, and were rescued from the ice when they were finally spotted by the ship on 18 February. Taylor left Antarctica in March 1912 on board the "Terra Nova", unaware of the fate of Scott's polar party. Geological specimens from both Western Mountains expeditions were retrieved by "Terra Nova" in January 1913. Later that year, Taylor was awarded the King's Polar medal and made a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society of London.
Taylor's physiographical and geomorphological Antarctic research earned him a doctorate (D.Sc) from the University of Sydney in 1916. He was made Associate Professor of Geography in 1921 becoming the founding head of the Department of Geography at the university. Taylor did not completely agree with the Australian Government's White Australia policy, which sought to limit immigrants to whites only. Taylor argued that Australia's agricultural resources were limited, and that this, together with other environmental factors, meant that Australia would not be able to support the population goal of 100 million which some optimistically predicted. Moreover, he claimed that due to climactic factors, the interior of Australia would be best settled by broad-headed Mongoloids who were better adapted to the environment. He was severely criticised as unpatriotic for his views on Australia's future development. A textbook he had written containing these views was banned from schools by the Western Australian education authority. Taylor was a strong exponent of the controversial concept of environmental determinism with the view that "physical environment determines culture." In 1927, he became the first President of the Geographical Society of New South Wales.
Environment, race, and migration.
Taylor wrote many books about the effects of the environment in shaping race. He also wrote extensively about migration of the races. Taylor saw theories that explained the genealogy of races as beginning in Africa and then expanding out through the world and evolving in positive ways as antiquated thinking from the 19th century. In his 1937 book "Environment, Race, and Migration", Taylor outlines a theory that the "Mongolian" race is the race truest to their past in the hearth of modern humans: Central Asia. Australoid and Negroid races were the first to branch off during humanity's evolution from the Neanderthal and were racially adapted to live in the world's margins. The Negrito race was never related to Neanderthals, and were thus likely developed more directly from apes. "During the million years of Post-Pliocene" time, humans were forced to migrate during four major migrations related to the expansion of the "Great Ice Sheet." As humans moved to different areas of the world they adapted to the environment they encountered. Taylor openly disagrees with Wegener's theory of Continental Drift, writing that the human races evidently migrated into world's regions separately and over time. They moved out over the world, the world didn't move them. (Note: this was written in a period before knowledge of plate tectonics). Taylor links skin pigment to temperature and collects extensive data from the period on geology, topology, meteorology, and anthropology. Taylor saw geography in a synthesizing role between explanations of the physical world and the diffusion and evolution of the human species.
"The fittest tribes evolve and survive in the most stimulating regions; i.e., where living is not so hard as to stunt mental development, and not so easy as to encourage sloth and loss of initiative. The least fit are ultimately crowded out into the deserts, the tropical jungles, or the rugged mountains." pg. 6
In regards to anthropology, Taylor looks at records of hair texture and size, nose size, ear size, cephalic indeces, skin color, and height. He links sexual attraction amongst different races to evolved and diverged cultural preferences for beauty. Taylor comes up with the theory of the "tri-peninsular world", in which the world is divided into three peninsulas descending south from a common point in the Arctic (Americas, Europe and Africa, Asia and Australia). In these peninsulas, Taylor finds climate and race similarities. In regards to racial variation within smaller regions, Taylor offers this passage about Europe's races:
"The Eur-African peninsula is now considered. Here the racial types have been fairly well investigated. We know that the term "European" has no value as an ethnological distinction. Thus the Savoyard of eastern France is akin to the wild tribes of the Pamirs, but not to the primitive peoples of the Dordogne only two hundred miles to the west. The Corsican is much more nearly allied to the Cornishman than to the Italian peoples of the adjacent Alps. In Wales, we are told, there are small groups still essentially allied to Neanderthal man." pg. 9
The most suitable parts of the world for habitation are, according to Taylor, in Europe, Western Siberia, the Americas, and Eastern China. These are the places that, if not already overcrowded, are where the world's masses must one day move into. Places least adaptable to European styles of agriculture and settlement are considered by Taylor "useless". In the final section of the book Taylor lays out the possibilities of future expansion of the white race, which he sees as the only race which will expand. Though he voices that no Europeans would wish to extinguish or force native people from their lands, "these primitive people are doomed to extinction..." Whites would eventually settle all "useful lands."
Taylor disagreed with theories that put the Nordic race as the apotheosis of mankind. By his theory, Asiatic races would be the most pure. He gives great accolades to the Chinese race. He links Europe's historical accession in the global sphere to a) command of the seas and b) easy access to plentiful surface coal.
Taylor takes a seemingly contradictory viewpoint by both decrying miscegenation and saying that white Australian women who married Chinese men were OK to do so. Mixing of more advanced races was, ostensibly, acceptable, while miscegenation with more primitive races was to be abhorred.
All citations from this section from the book "Environment, Race, and Migration."
Move to Canada and Return to Australia.
In 1929, he accepted a post as Senior Professor of Geography at the University of Chicago. In 1936 he moved to the University of Toronto founding the Geography department there. During the 1930s, Taylor was co-editor of the German journal on racial studies "Zeitschrift fur Rassenkunde," he felt that American scholars were concerned too little with racial classification, and showed an affinity to the works of Baron von Eickstedt. In 1940 he was elected president of the Association of American Geographers, the first non-American to be elected to the post. Taylor was close to Isaiah Bowman who shared similar interests in population and settlement studies. After retiring from his post at the university in 1951, he returned to Sydney. In 1954 he was elected to the Australian Academy of Science, the only geographer to receive this distinction. In 1958 he published his autobiography "Journeyman Taylor", and in 1959 was named the first President of the Institute of Australian Geographers.
Taylor died in the Sydney suburb of Manly on 5 November 1963, aged 82.
In 1976 he was honoured on a postage stamp bearing his portrait issued by Australia Post [http://www.australianstamp.com/images/large/0011880.jpg] and in 2001, an Australian postage stamp commemorated Taylor and fellow explorer Douglas Mawson. Taylor was the author of some 20 books and 200 scientific articles.
He was the brother-in-law of fellow Terra Nova expedition members Raymond Priestley and C.S. Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="19351750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351750" title="Douglas Holtz-Eakin">
Douglas Holtz-Eakin

Douglas J. "Doug" Holtz-Eakin (born Douglas J. Eakin on February 3, 1958 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American economist. He is a former professor, former Director of the Congressional Budget Office, and former chief economic policy adviser to U.S. Senator John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign.
Biography.
Holtz-Eakin was born and raised in suburban Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where his Navy-veteran father worked as a steel plant manager. He received a B.A. in economics and mathematics from Denison University in 1980 and a Ph.D in economics from Princeton University in 1985. He established his career with academic appointments at Princeton (1984–89) and Columbia University (1985–90). From August 1989 to July 1990, Holtz-Eakin served as a Senior Staff Economist on President George H.W. Bush's Council of Economic Advisers. From 1986 to 2001 he also served as a Faculty Research Fellow and Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research. Holtz-Eakin was tenured faculty at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University from 1990 to 2003, where he was appointed Professor in 1995 and Chair of the Department of Economics from 1997 to 2001.
In 2003, Holtz-Eakin left Syracuse University to become Director of the Congressional Budget Office. Under his leadership, the budget office undertook a study of tax rates, which found that any new revenue that tax cuts brought in paled in comparison with their cost. He left the appointment in 2005.
Holtz-Eakin is also the President of DHE Consulting, LLC, and has served as Director of the Maurice R. Greenberg Center for Geoeconomic Studies and the Paul A. Volcker Chair in International Economics at the Council on Foreign Relations, as well as a senior visiting fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics from 2007 to 2008. In 2009, he joined the Manhattan Institute's Center for Medical Progress [http://www.manhattan-institute.org] as a fellow focusing on health care reform issues, but left later that year to found his own think tank.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell appointed Holtz-Eakin to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2009.
Holtz-Eakin currently lives in Washington, D.C., is married to Beth Robinson, and has two children, graduates of Swarthmore College and American University.
In 2013, Holtz-Eakin was a signatory to an amicus curiae brief submitted to the Supreme Court in support of same-sex marriage during the Hollingsworth v. Perry case.
Economic adviser to John McCain.
In 2007, Holtz-Eakin was hired as chief economic policy adviser to U.S. Senator John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign. Through the campaign and coincident 2008 economic crisis, he remained in the media spotlight on the candidate's proposals for the economy and health care. Holtz-Eakin drew particular attention when he claimed that, as a U.S. Senator on the Commerce Committee, McCain "helped create" the BlackBerry wireless device.
President of American Action Forum.
In early 2010, Holtz-Eakin became president of American Action Forum, a conservative think tank focused on fiscal and public policy issues. Since joining American Action Forum, Holtz-Eakin has appeared on Fox News to argue against a 2010 health care bill, as well as writing a similarly-worded Op-Ed for the New York Times. Holtz-Eakin has been active in supporting Senate immigration bill S.744, which would increase annual legal immigration numbers, legalize illegal immigrants in the United States and some who have already been deported, and promises future enforcement efforts to deter future illegal immigration.

</doc>
<doc id="19351764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351764" title="Wilhelmus Demarteau">
Wilhelmus Demarteau

Wilhelmus Demarteau, M.S.F. (24 January 1917 - 5 December 2012) was a Dutch prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops and Dutch bishops.
Demarteau was born in Horn, Netherlands and ordained a priest on 27 July 1941 for the Congregation of Missionaries of the Holy Family. Demarteau was appointed Vicar Apostolic of the Diocese of Banjarmasin on 6 January 1954 along with Titular Bishop of Arsinoë in Cypro and was consecrated bishop on 5 May 1954. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Banjarmasin and served until his resignation on 6 June 1983. Demarteau died on 5 December 2012 in Suaka Insan Hospital (Rumah Sakit Suaka Insan:Indonesian)

</doc>
<doc id="19351771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351771" title="Under the Black Sun Festival">
Under the Black Sun Festival

Under the Black Sun is a German music festival that takes place in July. It focuses on black metal bands. The festival has been active since summer 1998.
Line-ups.
1998.
Aeternus, Castrum, Desaster, Enslaved, Gehenna, Grabak, Lord Belial, Menhir, Nox Intempesta, Ragnarok, Sacramentum, Tsatthoggua, Twin Obscenity
1999.
Carpathian Forest, Castrum, Children of Bodom, Eminenz, Enthroned, Hypocrisy
2000.
Amon Amarth, Avenger, Dies Ater, Dunkelgrafen, Einherjer, Helheim, Judas Iscariot, Lungorthin, Maniac Butcher, Menhir, Nebular Mystic, Ragnarok, Satanic Slaughter, Supreme Khaos Rising, Tsjuder
2001.
Deströyer 666, Eminenz, Ferro Ignique, Horna, Morrigan, Mütiilation, Murder Rape, Necrophobic, Nifelheim, Ork, Trimonium
2002.
Imperious Malevolence, Lugubre, Morrigan, Root, Sammath, Saxorior, Skalder, Taake, Trimonium, Tsjuder, Unpure, Urgehal, Watain
2003.
Akrival, Bael, Corpus Christii, Deströyer 666, Dies Ater, Elite, Gosforth, Impiety, In Aeternum, Kerberos, Lugubre, Misanthropy, Nemesis Oculta, Salacious Gods, Skyforger, Taake, Zarathustra, Zemial
2004.
Anael, Avenger, Azaghal, Dark Storm, Fluisterwoud, Heydnblut, Impaled Nazarene, Inquisition, Isvind, Merrimack, Negură Bunget, Satanic Warmaster
2005.
Blodskrit, Funeral Procession, Geist, Ghastly, Krieg, Necros Christos, Primordial, Ragnarok, Salacious Gods, The Stone, Throneum, Todtgelichter, Total Hate, Trimonium, Urgehal
2006.
Ackerbeltz, Archgoat, Besatt, Darkestrah, Empty, Grafenstein, Hellsaw, Infernal, Kampfar, Nebular Mystic, Necros Christos, Skyforger, Thrudvangar, Walpurgisnacht
2007.
1349, Azaghal, Corpus Christii, Decayed, Endezzma, Eternity, Inquisition, Merrimack, Neithan, Panychida, Sammath, Warhammer, Watain, Witchcraft
2008.
Beastcraft, Endezzma, Graupel, Hell Militia, Hellsaw, Kawir, Krypt, Magnificat, Secrets of the Moon, The Stone, Surrender of Divinity, Truppensturm, Urgehal, Vorkreist
2009.
Darkened Nocturn Slaughtercult, Darkmoon Warrior, Darkspace, Drengskapur, Elite, The One, Gheestenland, May Result, Nehemah, Paragon Belial, Somrak, Thorngoth, Troll (cancelled), Urfaust, Lifelover (cancelled)
2010.
Angantyr, Angst Skvadron, Furia, Glorior Belli, Irrlycht, Kozeljnik, Kriegsmaschine, Mortifera, Nazarene Decomposing, Posthum, Ravencult, Todtgelichter, Verdunkeln, Waning
2011.
Atras Cineris, Baptism, Bethlehem, Bloodline, Fides Inversa, Impaled Nazarene, Kratein, Lugubre, Massemord, Monarque, Setherial, Shores of Ladon, Thorybos, Winterblut
2012.
In order the celebrate the 15th anniversary of the festival, an official warm-up party has been announced, with three bands performing live one day prior to the official festival start.
Acherontas, Blackdeath, Blaze of Perdition, Dodsferd, Drengskapur, Dusken, Forgotten Tomb, Forteresse, Isvind, Kampfar, Khaos Aeon, Nargaroth, Nightbringer, No Empathy, Salacious Gods, Sarkom, Subvertio Deus, TSMED, Waffenträger Luzifers
2013.
Koldbrann, Melechesh, Horna, Von, Sigh, Arkona, Funeral Winds, Morrigan, Essenz, Infinity, Streams of Blood, Nordlys, Borgne, Chaos Invocation, Agilas, Invoker, Grail, Seide

</doc>
<doc id="19351782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351782" title="Walnut Street (SEPTA station)">
Walnut Street (SEPTA station)

Walnut Street is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Garrett Road & Walnut Street, but Bywood Avenue is also included. The station serves both Routes 101 and 102, and only local service is provided on both lines. The station contains two platforms with plexiglass bus-type shelters on both sides of the tracks, both of which are at the far end of each platform.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal further east in Upper Darby and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. Both lines run parallel to Garrett Road and Bywood Avenue, and Walnut Street is the easternmost stop where the lines runs parallel to both streets. The station is located south of the Upper Darby Township Municipal Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19351786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351786" title="Digah, Ərməki">
Digah, Ərməki

Digah (also, Digyakh) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ərməki.

</doc>
<doc id="19351787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351787" title="Kirarahama, Yamaguchi">
Kirarahama, Yamaguchi

The name or "isinglass," is similar to the Japanese sound effect "kirakira" used for something glittery. Kirara Beach glitters in the sunlight, fitting the appearance of mica. Kirara Beach is a manmade beach that has a few restaurants and a glass-making factory.
Kirara Beach and Yamaguchi Bay are resting places for migratory birds heading to Southeast Asia from Siberia and Kamchatka, as well as those from Mongolia and China heading for Shikoku and Kyūshū. Millions of wild birds visit Kirara Beach every year. The climate is mild, the waters are clear, the air is clean, and the beach is abundant in greenery. There is a natural park on the site, where wildlife living on Kirara Beach is preserved.
Kirara Beach will be the site of the 23rd World Scout Jamboree.

</doc>
<doc id="19351798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351798" title="Avon Road (SEPTA station)">
Avon Road (SEPTA station)

Avon Road (formerly Bywood) is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Garrett Road & Avon Road, but Bywood Avenue is also included. The station serves both Routes 101 and 102, and only local service is provided on both lines. The station contains two platforms with plexiglass bus-type shelters on both sides of the tracks, both of which are at the far end of each platform. A former P&W-era shelter exists across the tracks from the westbound platform, but it is completely closed and boarded up.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal further east in Upper Darby and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. Both lines run parallel to Garrett Road and Bywood Avenue, however the run along Garrett Road is interrupted by a curve between Sherbrook Boulevard and Avon Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19351813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351813" title="Hilltop Road (SEPTA station)">
Hilltop Road (SEPTA station)

Hilltop Road is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Garrett Road & Hilltop Road, but also includes Bywood Avenue. The station serves both Routes 101 and 102, and only local service is provided on both lines. The station contains two platforms with plexiglass bus-type shelters on both sides of the tracks, both of which are at the far end of each platform.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal further east in Upper Darby and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. Both lines run parallel to Garrett Road and Bywood Avenue, however the run along Garrett Road is interrupted by a curve between Sherbrook Boulevard and Avon Road. Hilltop Road station is also one block east of the Beverly Hills trolley stop.

</doc>
<doc id="19351823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351823" title="Digah, Quba">
Digah, Quba

Digah (also, Digyakh) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,760. 

</doc>
<doc id="19351831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351831" title="Jokduri">
Jokduri

A jokduri is a type of Korean traditional coronet worn by women for special occasions such as weddings. It consists of an outer crown which is covered with black silk, and the inner which is filled with cotton and hard paper. Its top is decorated with cloisonné ornaments. The crown is also called "jokdu" or "jokgwan" and is used mostly as an accessory. The upper part is vaguely hexagonal and the bottom is cylindrical. The form of "jokduri" gets narrower from the top to the bottom. 
"jokduri" can be used to display the wearer's social status by being adorned with accessories made from gold or silver.
History.
It is said that the "jokduri" was derived from the Mongolian woman's cap for outing, the "gogori" () in the late Goryeo period. It began to be used in that period as intermarriages between Goryeo and the Yuan Dynasty of China happened. However, the "jokduri" during the Goryeo period is assumed to be bigger and higher than the one in the Joseon period. 
During the Joseon Dynasty, the "jokduri" became smaller and there was not much difference in the overall shape between the top and the bottom. During the reign of King Gwanghaegun, black silk began to be used for the covering whereas purple silk was used as the inner fabric. Thereafter, as women enjoyed wearing a "jokduri", it became almost a national style in fashion. In the late Joseon period, King Yeongjo (r. 1724-1776) and Jeongjo (r. 1776–1800) prohibited women from wearing "gache" (wigs) and, instead, encouraged them to wear "jokduri". In 1788, the twelfth year of King Jeongjo's reign, he published an interdictory decree on "jokduri", a prohibition against excessive usage of cloisonné, and the designation of black for the inner material such as cotton, and bamboo. As Kinds of Jokguri is for wedding, funeral rites and rituals and used daily for the court.

</doc>
<doc id="19351852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351852" title="Latécoère 21">
Latécoère 21

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 21 was a French flying boat built in 1925 for use by Lignes Aériennes Latécoère as an airliner on routes between France and North Africa. It was the first of the Latécoère flying boats, and the first aircraft to deliver mail between Marseilles and Algiers. It was a conventional design for the era, with a monoplane wing mounted parasol-fashion. Warren truss-style struts braced the wing to stub wings that acted as sponsons for stability while on the water. The twin engines were placed in tandem push-pull configuration on the wing. Up to seven passengers could be seated in an enclosed cabin, and two pilots sat side by side in separate open cockpits. 

</doc>
<doc id="19351878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351878" title="Holly Street (Pasadena, California)">
Holly Street (Pasadena, California)

Holly Street is a street in Pasadena, California, notable for leading straight to Pasadena's City Hall and for the many forms the road takes along its length.
History.
In the early 20th century, Holly Street was a short, narrow street only 3 blocks long. In the 1920s, a new Civic Center was built, and Holly was extended to City Hall and partially widened to give the Civic Center a "mall" effect, much like Washington, DC. Holly Street was also extended west across the Arroyo Seco. In 1967, a four-block stretch of Holly Street was demolished to make way for the massive intersection of Interstate 210, Highway 134, and Highway 7. As of 2008, a few proposals have been made to rebuild that section of the street, so that it would run a full 1.5 miles.
Geography.
Holly Street's western terminus is on Linda Vista Avenue. From there, Holly Street begins as a high bridge over the Arroyo Seco. Because it is a concrete arch, it has been compared to a miniature version of the Colorado Street Bridge just 2000 feet downstream. This portion of Holly Street abruptly turns into a freeway ramp for Route 134.
Holly begins again on Pasadena Avenue, though it used as a private driveway for Parsons, which maintains office buildings on both sides of the street. Holly Street becomes open to the public east of De Lacey Avenue.
Holly Street reaches its narrowest point, 20 feet, at the Metro Gold Line's Memorial Park Station; but the street quickly widens to 60 feet (200 feet, if one includes pedestrian walkways and grass easement) as it approaches City Hall. Though the Street officially ends here, a wide pedestrian walkway continues through City Hall and beyond to Los Robles Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19351903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351903" title="SCQ Reload">
SCQ Reload

SCQ Reload is a youth oriented drama aired on ABS-CBN which starred the former teen finalists or questors of the reality talent search "Star Circle Quest", in where "SCQ" was also derived.
It tackles the story of normal teenagers with their adventures and struggles in life and love.
On its first few seasons the show was entitled SCQ Reload: OK Ako! with the complete former final 10 "SCQ" finalists, and on a new season, the title was changed to SCQ Reload: Kilig Ako! which excluded Sandara Park due to some commitments, and added new casts like Sarah Geronimo and Japoy Lizardo.

</doc>
<doc id="19351907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351907" title="Yao Zhen">
Yao Zhen

Yao Zhen (; surname: YAO; aka T. Yao; 18 October 1915 - 4 November 2005) was a notable Chinese biologist and oncologist. He served the first president of Asian-Pacific Organization for Cell Biology.
Life.
Yao was born in Changshu, Jiangsu Province on 18 October 1915. Yao graduated from the Department of Biology of Zhejiang University in 1937. After graduation, he became a teaching assistant at the department. Yao received a scholarship from British Council and went to study in UK in 1946. Yao obtained PhD from the University of Edinburgh in 1949. 
Yao jointed the former Shanghai Institute of Experimental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) in August 1950. He was the Vice-Director of the former CAS Shanghai Institute of Cell Biology.
Yao was a senior academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences (1980 election). August 1988, Yao was elected as the 1st President of Asian-Pacific Organization for Cell Biology.
Yao was the main founder and the first Editor-in-Chief of the scientific journal "Cell Research". 
Yao also served as the Chief Director of Chinese Society for Cell Biology. Yao was a senior researcher and professor at Shanghai Institute for Biological Sciences (IBCB), Chinese Academy of Sciences, which is one of the most prestigious institutes for biological research in China.
When Yao was in Britain, his research mainly focused on the developmental embryology of drosophila. Yao made significant contributions to the researches of cell differentiation and development, and experimental cancer biology in China, thus is regarded as a pioneer in these domains in China.
Yao died in Shanghai on 4 November 2005.
The name.
Sometimes, Yao Zhen was called as YAO Xin by mistake, because the Chinese character "Zhen" (錱) is too similar to "Xin" (鑫).
Sometimes his name is also romanized as T. Yao by Wade-Giles.

</doc>
<doc id="19351964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351964" title="Life Goes On (news article)">
Life Goes On (news article)

"Life Goes On" () is an article published in the 3 September 2008 weekly issue of the Russian Ministry of Defence's official newspaper, "Krasnaya Zvezda". It was also posted on the newspaper's web site. The article was based on the interview of a wounded officer who had taken part in the Russian military operation in South Ossetia in August 2008. Some days afterwards, the article was pulled from the newspaper's web site, the disappearance having been commented upon by the mainstream media, including "The New York Times". After the initial publication, it was picked up by blogs and internet news agencies, as the first published version contradicted the official timeline of Russian incursion into South Ossetia. However, the article was later corrected.
The article was written by Irina Zhirnova (Ирина Жирнова) and details the war experience of a Russian Army 135th motor regiment commander named Denis Sidristy (Денис Сидристый).
Correction.
When asked about the article, a spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry told "Der Spiegel" that it was the result of a technical error. Moreover, the spokesman said, the official in question had been wounded and therefore "could no longer remember the situation clearly."
After a query by "The New York Times" about the article, "Krasnaya Zvezda" later published an article in which Captain Sidristy said the correct date for the advance to Tskhinvali was August 8, not August 7. 
Excerpt.
Presently, there is no known complete English translation of the article. Following is an excerpt from the second paragraph of the article:

</doc>
<doc id="19351965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351965" title="The Winter Men">
The Winter Men

The Winter Men is a comic book limited series published by Wildstorm Productions in 2005. The series was written by Brett Lewis, with art by John Paul Leon.
The story is about a Russian policeman who is the product of a Soviet project to create superhumans.
Publication history.
The series was intended to be published by Vertigo
Collected editions.
The trade paperback of the Winter Men was solicited for release on November 25, 2009.
Reception.
Comic Bulletin gave the first issue full marks and said "Brett Lewis comes off as an astute observer of the contemporary Russian cultural milieu, and, via an injection of superheroic fantasy into real Soviet history, he draws powerful portraits of his tragic protagonist, Kalenov, and the nation as a whole." Stumblebum Studios was impressed by the research saying,Winter Men "is one hell of a dense book, packed to the gills with details and insights into Russia post-Reform". Sentiments echoed by The Fourth Rail who felt "Brett Lewis's script challenges the reader with its complexity and its immersion in modern Russian culture. And he's been paired with an artist whose style is perfect for bringing the cold, stark and dingy quality of the backdrop to life." Ain't It Cool News concluded their review of the first three issues with a similar opinion "is a book with a singular voice and style the likes of which I haven’t seen in quite a while." 
Sales estimates started off with issue #1 at 11,340 (#163 in the top 300) but dropped to 8,862 (position #168) with issue two. Sales then slowly dropped from 8,324 (#186) for issue #3 to 7,129 (#187) and ending on issue #5 with estimates of 6,480 sales (at a position of #180)

</doc>
<doc id="19351977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351977" title="Innocent Lotocky">
Innocent Lotocky

Innocent Lotocky, O.S.B.M (November 3, 1915 – July 4, 2013) was an American Bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Church. Prior to his consecration as bishop, he served for many years as pastor of Immaculate Conception Ukrainian Catholic Church in Hamtramck, Michigan, U.S.
Innocent Lotocky, born in Stari Petlykivtsi, Austro-Hungarian Empire, in present-day - Ukraine, was ordained a priest in the Religious Order of Saint Basil the Great on November 24, 1940. From 1962 to 1980, Fr. Lotocky served as Pastor of Immaculate Conception Ukrainian Catholic Church in Hamtramck, Michigan. He was appointed to the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Chicago on December 22, 1980, and ordained a bishop March 22, 1981. Lotocky remained at Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Chicago until July 2, 1993.
On Saturday, June 29, 2013 Bishop Innocent was taken to hospital after having difficulty breathing. His condition deteriorated, and he died peacefully in Presence St. Mary Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois on July 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19351978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351978" title="Betty Draper">
Betty Draper

Elizabeth "Betty" Francis (née Hofstadt, formerly Draper) (b. 1932) is a fictional character on AMC's television series "Mad Men", portrayed by January Jones. The character's appearance is often compared to Grace Kelly.
Blonde and beautiful but cold, selfish, and insecure, Betty Draper is introduced as the housewife of lead character Don Draper, a philandering advertising executive secretly living under a false identity. Subplots in the first three seasons of "Mad Men" involve Betty's struggles with unhappiness, parenting their children (though she has little maternal feeling), and her husband's infidelity. In the third season, Betty finds herself attracted to Henry Francis, an older man who is the public relations director for New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller. After discovering Don lied to her about his identity and past, Betty divorces him and marries Henry. In the fourth season, Betty is a less central character and now has a contentious relationship with Don, communicating with him only in regard to their children and the house Don still owns but she and Henry live in. In the fifth season, Betty and Henry are in their own house, but Betty gains weight and continues to have a contentious relation with Don and his new wife Megan, whom the children prefer. In the sixth season, Betty sheds her excess weight and tentatively forms more positive relationships with her ex-husband and daughter.
Casting and character development.
The character of Betty Draper was not originally part of the pilot episode though she did appear in the pilot. The script established that lead character Don Draper was married, but only by a mention in dialogue, and there was no intention to show his home life. January Jones was instead initially considered, along with Elisabeth Moss, for the ambitious workplace character Peggy Olson; Moss was ultimately cast as Peggy. Show creator Matthew Weiner then wrote two scenes featuring Betty Draper, and Jones successfully auditioned for the part two days later. Although there were no full script or any plots written for Betty Draper at the time, Jones was promised by Weiner that the character would be developed.
Weiner has attributed "Mad Men"'s visual style to the influence of film director Alfred Hitchcock, who featured a signature "icy blonde" female character in many of his films.
Fictional character biography.
Backstory.
Betty was born Elizabeth Hofstadt in 1932. According to her son's birth certificate, she was born in Cape May, New Jersey where her family summered. She grew up in Lower Merion, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia located on the "Main Line". She has mentioned having a German grandmother and her people were Nordic. She graduated from Bryn Mawr College with an anthropology degree, and briefly modeled in Italy (where she learned fluent Italian) before moving to Manhattan. It was during this time that she met Don Draper – he was writing ad copy for a fur company, and she was one of their models. He began courting her by buying her the fur coat she wore at a shoot. Betty and Don were married in May 1953. Her favorite movie is "Singin' in the Rain". Betty's mother died early in 1960, three months before the events of the episode "Ladies Room". Her father, Gene (Ryan Cutrona), had a girlfriend named Gloria, whom Betty dislikes and whom her father married sometime in the 18 months between seasons 1 and 2; Gloria left Gene when he began showing signs of mental deterioration in Season 3. He moved in with the Drapers during season 3, and later died in that season, set in 1963. She has a brother, William, who is married to Judy and whose daughters Don and Betty consider to be "rowdy". Her confidantes have included her neighbor Francine Hanson and Glen Bishop, the young son of divorcée Helen Bishop. Betty has a strained relationship with her children, particularly with her daughter Sally.
Season one.
Betty and Don Draper live in a large house in suburban Ossining, New York, with their children Sally (played by Kiernan Shipka) and Bobby. In the second episode, set in the spring of 1960, Betty starts to see a psychiatrist to address repeated spells of numbness in her hands, which medical doctors have indicated are psychosomatic. It was during these meetings that, after having discovered the psychiatrist was giving reports of her sessions to Don, she voiced her suspicion that her husband was unfaithful. By the start of the second season, set in February 1962, she had discontinued the consultations.
Season two.
During the second season episode "A Night to Remember", Betty and Don seem to have reached an agreement, but after a dinner party where Betty is embarrassed to be considered a "demographic" by Don and his associates, she confronts her husband for the first time about his adultery, specifically with Bobbie Barrett. Don, however, denies having an affair. The next day, with a glass of wine in hand, Betty searches through Don's belongings for proof of his indiscretions, but does not find any. Betty awakens Don - who is sleeping on the couch - that night and explains that she doesn't want things to "be like this". He repeats that he did not do anything and when she asks if he hates her, he insists that he loves her and doesn't want to "lose this". When preparing dinner the next day, an Utz commercial featuring Jimmy Barrett airs on the television. After seeing this, she calls Don at work and tells him she doesn't want him to come home.
Betty does turn to Don when she learns that her father Gene has suffered a stroke. She and Don leave the children with a neighbor and drive to visit her father. Betty is visibly impatient with both her father's wife Gloria and her brother William. She and Don are careful to present a united front. At the end of a stressful day, Betty makes Don sleep on the floor of the guestroom, but later joins him on the floor where they make love. The next morning, Betty's father mistakes Betty for her mother Ruth, suggesting they "go upstairs". Betty is severely shocked and frightened, but tries to pretend that everything is all right. When she and Don return to New York, Betty surprises Don by asking him to leave again.
In the Season 2 finale, Betty discovers she is pregnant. Although she brings up the subject of abortion with her doctor, and has sex with a random man she picks up at a bar, at the end of the episode she asks Don to return home and tells him she is pregnant.
Season three.
Season 3 begins with Betty in her third trimester, seemingly reconciled with Don. In Episode 5, she gives birth to Eugene Scott Draper, whom she names after her father. After giving birth, Betty comes to the quick realization that her dream of everything being perfect will never come true. 
During Episode 3, Betty and Don attend a country club party hosted by Roger Sterling and his new wife, Jane Siegel Sterling, where Betty meets Henry Francis, who is later revealed to be an advisor to then-New York governor Nelson A. Rockefeller. Henry is infatuated with Betty, and though she seems reluctant to return his feelings at first, as the season progresses, their affair intensifies. Betty eventually ends it, feeling guilty.
In Episode 11, Betty corners Don, after getting into a locked drawer in the desk in his home office that contains pictures and documents of Don's past life. (Don had inadvertently left his keys in his clothes and Betty heard them jingling in the dryer.) She forces him to give her an explanation, and he haltingly tells her about his life as Dick Whitman, how he came to exchange dog tags with Lieutenant Don Draper, and his half-brother Adam's suicide. While apparently somewhat sympathetic to his feelings of guilt about Adam's death, Betty is highly conflicted about Don's having hidden this aspect of his life from her.
After President Kennedy's assassination and Margaret Sterling's wedding (the following day), Betty meets with Henry, who confesses his desire to marry her. They passionately kiss, and after the encounter, Betty returns home to tell Don she no longer loves him, leaving him stunned. This culminates in her seeing a divorce lawyer in the season 3 finale. During the same episode, Roger, whose daughter is friends with Francis' daughter, unintentionally reveals to Don that Betty and Francis are involved. An incensed Don confronts Betty. After calling her a whore, he assures her that she "won't get a nickel" in the ensuing divorce and he intends to seek sole custody of the children. The next morning, Don and Betty inform the children they are separating and both older children react badly. 
After moving into Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce's new office, Don calls Betty and tells her he will not fight her, and he wishes her the best. She tells him that he'll always be their children's father. The season ends with Betty taking a plane to Reno with baby Gene and Henry.
Season four.
Betty's presence in season four is diminished compared to the previous seasons. Season 4 opens with Betty's still living in the former Draper residence (which Don owns) following her marriage to Henry Francis. The residence is a point of bitter contention for Don and Betty, as Don is still paying the mortgage, although Betty is required to move out and has not. 
Throughout Season 4, Betty finds her marriage to Francis strained by tensions with Don and by deteriorating relations with Sally. When she discovers Sally has become friends with her old confidant, Glen Bishop, Betty forces them to end the friendship. 
In the season finale "Tomorrowland", Betty and Francis are packing to finally move out of the Ossining house and into a new home in nearby Rye, New York. When the children's nanny, Carla, lets Glen into the house to say goodbye to Sally, Betty becomes upset and fires Carla, refusing to give her a reference. This angers Henry, with whom Betty feels increasingly dissatisfied. At the end of the episode Betty waits for Don at the now-empty Ossining house, telling him she is unhappy with her new life. Don senses her desire to try and repair things between them, but instead informs her of his engagement to Megan Calvet. Betty congratulates him but is visibly disheartened. They leave the house through opposite doors.
Season five.
Betty's presence in season five is further reduced due to January Jones' recent pregnancy. In the episode, "Tea Leaves", Betty and her family are now shown to be living in a large Victorian estate in Rye, New York. Since the season four finale, she has put on a significant amount of weight and dislikes leaving the house. Her mother-in-law, Pauline, advises Betty to take diet pills since she believes Henry is unhappy in the marriage. Betty goes to her doctor to get a prescription, but he finds a lump from her throat that could be cancerous. When it turns out to be benign, Betty is barely relieved and returns to focusing on her dumpy physical condition. By the episode "Dark Shadows", Betty attends Weight Watchers meetings to attempt to regain her old form but receives mixed results; she notes that it is difficult to take the weight off. Betty is often seen eating very little in an attempt to lose weight but appears to weaken when she consumes whipped cream directly from the can and occasionally sneaks sweets. Betty regresses further when she goes to Don's NYC apartment to pick up her kids and becomes bitter over the lovely accommodations and Megan's lissome beauty. She then tries to stir up rancor by mentioning Anna Draper to Sally, but after Megan and (particularly) Don tell Sally more about Anna, Betty is defeated as Sally expresses visible contempt for her mother, further straining their relationship. However, when Sally begins menstruating for the first time while visiting her father in New York, she immediately returns to Rye and seeks out her mother for help. Here Betty is finally shown to be a caring mother to Sally. Showing what is at this point uncharacteristic warmth, Betty recognizes that Sally needs her and provides comfort and guidance to her daughter.
Season six.
Betty spends most of the beginning of the sixth season losing the excess weight she gained over the past year. After visiting the Lower East Side of New York while searching for one of Sally's friends, and being snidely dismissed by one of the young people there as a bottle blonde, she dyes her hair brunette. Betty's hair later reverts to its original blonde color. When Henry announces that he wants to run for public office, she has mixed feelings about the idea (still being concerned about her weight). 
In episode 9 "The Better Half", Betty is back to her original weight and actively campaigning alongside her husband. Henry sees the excess attention that Betty receives and is turned on by it, as is Betty, who is beginning to feel more confident about herself.
Betty goes to Bobby's summer camp for a family weekend in "The Better Half", driving down without Henry. Don sees her lost at a gas station and they go down to the campground together. They spend the afternoon with Bobby and everyone has a wonderful time. That night Don visits Betty's cabin and they share a drink, reminiscing about the early years of their marriage and the kids. Don follows Betty into the cabin and they make love. Betty and Don talk afterward and Betty admits that she's happy with Henry and is no longer as mad at him as she once was, and that she feels sorry for Megan, who doesn't know that loving Don is the worst way of getting to him. The next morning Don wakes up alone and goes down to the cafeteria to see Betty and Henry eating together. Don says hello to them and goes off to eat at the other side of the room.
In "The Quality of Mercy," Betty takes Sally on an overnight trip to a boarding school, Miss Porter's. She detects Sally is troubled by something, but doesn't realize it's because she saw Don in bed with Sylvia. Sally gets in to Miss Porter's, but Betty soon calls Don with the news that Sally has gotten suspended because she bought beer with a fake I.D. and got drunk with some other girls. Betty sadly blames herself for Sally's troubles and tells Don, "the good isn't beating out the bad."
Reception.
Betty Draper appeared in Comcast's list of TV's Most Intriguing Characters. "TV Guide" named her one of the most fashionable TV characters. She was also included in "Glamour"s list of the 12 Most Stylish TV Characters. "The Huffington Post" named her as one of the Worst TV Characters in 2012, saying "her unchanging narcissism and her selfish petulance simply bore us to tears".
Awards and nominations.
January Jones has earned nominations for multiple accolades for her portrayal of Betty Draper. She was jointly nominated on five occasions for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2013, winning twice in 2009 and 2010. In 2009 and 2010, Jones was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series (Drama). In 2010, Jones was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19351985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351985" title="275 George Street">
275 George Street

275 George Street is a office building located on George Street in Brisbane, Australia. Completed in February 2009, it has 32 storeys. The building was developed by Charter Hall and constructed by Watpac. It was designed by Sydney-based firm Crone Partners. It stands Immediately Behind Brisbane City Hall.
To its roof, the building reaches , but a spire mounted atop it brings its total height to , making it the 4th-tallest in Brisbane. The commercial lettable area of the building is .
The main tenant is Telstra, which occupies floors 2 - 22. Telstra's lease was the largest commercial lease in Brisbane's history. Floors 23 - 30 are occupied by QGC. 

</doc>
<doc id="19351988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19351988" title="Christoph Hegendorff">
Christoph Hegendorff

Christoph Hegendorff (1500 – 8 August 1540), of Leipzig, was a Protestant theological scholar and expert of law, an educator and a great, public admirer of Erasmus, whom he called "optimarum literarum princeps" ("the prince of the best literary style") and "theologorum nostri temporis columen" ("the pillar of theologists of our times").
Hegendorf matriculated at the University of Leipzig at the age of 13, took his MA in 1521 and went on to teach at the University, being elected its Rector in 1523. He supported himself as a teacher from an early age, and wrote Latin works for his pupils, of which two dialogues were printed appended to Erasmus' "Familiarium colloquiorum formulae" (Strassburg, 1520). His Latin teaching text "Dialogae puerorum" ("Boy's dialogues"), combined with the "Paedologia" of Petrus Mosellanus, also of Leipzig, went through several editions.
In the winter of 1530 he was invited by the bishop of Poznań, Jan Latalski to fill a salaried place as professor of classical literature in Lubrański Academy and to reform the school, a position he was forced from in 1535 over disputes that he was a Lutheran. In 1537 he was legal consultant to the city of Lüneburg and in 1539 he assisted in the reorganization of the University of Rostick.
His published works were copious.

</doc>
<doc id="19352013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352013" title="1983 Chatham Cup">
1983 Chatham Cup

The 1983 Chatham Cup was the 56th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye until the fourth round of the competition. In all, 139 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1983 final.
The final was played at the home ground of Gisborne City, one of the two finalists. The replay was at the home ground of the other finalist, Mount Wellington. 
Mount Wellington appeared in their fifth consecutive final - the only club to have achieved this feat up until this time (it has since also been achieved by Christchurch United, between 1987 and 1991). Mount players Tony Sibley and Ron Armstrong joined an elite group to have played in four Chatham Cup-winning sides, having previously played in Mount Wellington's victories in 1973, 1980, and 1982.
The first match was a gritty, evenly matched affair, with any superiority which Mount Wellington may have had largely counteracted by the efforts of the vocal East Coast spectators. Fred de Jong opened the scoring for the Aucklanders after 14 minutes, only for Colin Walker to equalise halfway through the first half. In the second period Walker put the East Coasters ahead, and they held the advantage until the dying minutes when Keith Nelson, scorer of the only goal in the 1982 final, scored for the Mount to level the tie. Gisborne held on during extra time despite the Mount dominating the extra half hour.
The replay, under floodlights at Mount Wellington's ground, was far less balanced. The Mount took the lead on the half hour mark with a John Price penalty, and the game was put firmly out of Gisborne's reach just before the final whistle by a shot from Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="19352030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352030" title="Yacht Club Italiano">
Yacht Club Italiano

The Yacht Club Italiano is a yacht club in Genoa, Italy.
History.
It was founded in 1879 and is one of the oldest sailing clubs in the Mediterranean. This club was bestowed Royal Patronage by HRH King Umberto I of Italy since its inception.
This club has the privilege of the use of a special ensign, the "Bandiera della Marina Militare" (Italian Navy Flag).
Its first regatta took place in 1880 in the Bay of La Spezia with 177 yachts. Today the club boasts over 1,200 members.
Affiliation.
The Yacht Club Italiano together with the Yacht Club de France runs the Giraglia Cup regatta from Saint Tropez, past Giraglia, the northernmost point of Corsica, to Genoa.
The club is also home to Luna Rossa Challenge, a syndicate that competes in America's Cup races.

</doc>
<doc id="19352034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352034" title="Konrad Bethmann">
Konrad Bethmann

Konrad Bethmann or Conrad Bethmann (1652–1701) was a German administrator and entrepreneur serving secular and ecclesiastical authorities.
Life.
He was born in Goslar as the seventh child of the merchant "Andreas Bethmann", four years after the Peace of Westphalia ended the Thirty Years' War. Much of Germany then was a patchwork of small to medium-sized jurisdictions. While this factor impeded development towards a nation-state, it ensured plentiful opportunities for ambitious bureaucrats and entrepreneurs.
After leaving his hometown, he first became Münzwardein in Dömitz (Mecklenburg), then was appointed in 1683 Münzmeister to the Princess of Nassau-Holzappel in Cramberg on the Lahn river, followed by his appointment in 1687 as "Münzmeister" (Master of the Mint) to the Teutonic Knights in Friedberg, and in 1692 as "Münzmeister" for the Archbishopric/Electorate of Mainz in Aschaffenburg.
Among the oldest items pertaining to the Bethmann family in the (online) archives of the city of Frankfurt is the file of a criminal complaint brought by Konrad in 1685 while he was in the employ of the House of Nassau. Under the rubric "Jew "v." Out-of-towner", the archive summarizes the case as follows: Conrad Bethmann, master of the mint for the Princely House of Nassau-Schaumburg, "versus" Mencke and Abraham zum Hecht (father and son), for theft of Schaumburg hellers in Schwalbach near Königstein and resale of stolen property. Defendants claim to have acquired the stolen coins in good faith. Arrest of Abraham, release on posting of 304  Reichsthalers bond. Out-of-court settlement of Abraham with bursars of Nassau-Schaumburg.
Contains: Medical opinion on state of health of arrestee Abraham zum Hecht; Legal opinion of the jurists.
He bequeathed a substantial fortune on his widow Anna Elisabeth (1654–1727).
As a Protestant, Anna Elisabeth and her children left the Archbishopric behind for Lutheran Frankfurt am Main; there she found it easier to comply with her religious obligations and benefited from the presence of relatives. Three of Konrad and Anna Elisabeth's daughters married citizens of Frankfurt. Their son Simon Moritz Bethmann (1687–1725) was appointed an "Amtmann" ("chief administrator") in Bergnassau on the river Lahn.
Another son lies buried in the St. Lazarus cemetery of Regensburg. The inscription on his tombstone reads:

</doc>
<doc id="19352044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352044" title="Sofron Dmyterko">
Sofron Dmyterko

Sofron Dmyterko O.S.B.M. (1 June 1917 – 5 November 2008) was a Ukrainian Bishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.
Dmyterko was born in Petlykiwci Stari, Ukraine, ordained a priest in the Religious Order of Saint Basil the Great on 14 May 1942 and ordained a bishop on 30 November 1968. He was confirmed to the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Ivano-Frankivsk on 16 January 1991 and retired on 7 November 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19352069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352069" title="Tzavalas Karousos">
Tzavalas Karousos

Tzavalas Karousos (Greek: Τζαβαλάς Καρούσος; September 8, 1904 – January 3, 1969) was a Greek actor.
He was born in Lefkada and first acted in the theatre by the Veakis-Nezer (Nesser) theatrical company. With theatrical studies in France and other European countries, he played at the National Theatre during the golder period of Fotos Politis, after the war, he took part at the theatrical company and used with the actions of the Greek Folklore Theatre with Manos Katrakis.
He first acted in the National Theatre and succeeded Aimilios Veakis, Karoussos moved and substantially entered agonistically for a democratic idea. He switched almost to the modern Greek work and first starred in many Greek movies ("I zavoliara", "Orgi", "Antigone", "Anthropos yia oles tis doulies", "Faidra", etc.) His tole which made hin the Shylock in "The Merchants of Venice" by Shakespeare, he later finished his acting careed due to the dictatorship, he last appeared at the Piraeus Public Theatre. He left for Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19352070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352070" title="Saint Vitus' dance (disambiguation)">
Saint Vitus' dance (disambiguation)

Saint Vitus dance, named after Saint Vitus, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19352080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352080" title="Amberg (CDP), Wisconsin">
Amberg (CDP), Wisconsin

Amberg is an unincorporated census-designated place in Marinette County, Wisconsin (USA), in the town of Amberg. It is located on Wisconsin Highway 141. As of the 2010 census, its population was 180. The Amberg Historical Society operates the Amberg Historical Museum Complex which consists of the historic town hall that is on the National Register of Historic Places, the community's train depot, a 1900-era house, and the Amberg Museum.
Dave's Falls is located near Amberg.
Amberg is part of the Marinette, WI–MI Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography.
Amberg has an area of ; of this is land, and is water.

</doc>
<doc id="19352082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352082" title="Moustafa Bayoumi">
Moustafa Bayoumi

Moustafa Bayoumi is an award-winning writer, and associate professor of English at Brooklyn College, City University of New York. Born in Zürich, Switzerland, and raised in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, he currently lives in Brooklyn.
Bayoumi completed his Ph.D. in English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University. He is co-editor of "The Edward Said Reader" (Vintage, 2002), editor of "Midnight on the Mavi Marmara: The Attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla and How It Changed the Course of the Israeli/Palestine Conflict" (first published by OR Books, trade edition by Haymarket Books, 2010) and has published academic essays in publications including "Transition", "Interventions", the "Yale Journal of Criticism", "Amerasia", "Arab Studies Quarterly", and the "Journal of Asian American Studies".
Writings.
His writings have also appeared in "The Nation", "London Review of Books", and "The Village Voice". His essay "Disco Inferno", originally published in "The Nation", was included in the collection "Best Music Writing 2006". From 2003 to 2006, he served on the National Council of the American Studies Association, and he is currently an editor for "Middle East Report". He is also an occasional columnist for the Progressive Media Project, an initiative of "The Progressive" magazine, through which his op-eds appear in newspapers across the United States. 
Bayoumi's work, "How Does It Feel to Be a Problem?: Being Young and Arab in America", traces the experiences of seven young Arab-Americans navigating life in a post–September 11 environment, where complicated public perceptions of the attacks gave birth to new brands of stereotypes, fueling widespread discrimination. It is the story of how young Arab and Muslim Americans are forging lives for themselves in a country that often mistakes them for the enemy. His title is a reference to the W.E.B. Du Bois' 1903 classic, "The Souls of Black Folk". "How Does It Feel to Be a Problem?: Being Young and Arab in America" was awarded a 2008 American Book Award and the 2009 Arab American Book Award for Non-Fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="19352091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352091" title="Derek Simpson (cellist)">
Derek Simpson (cellist)

Derek Simpson (29 March 1928 – 22 June 2007) was an English cellist, known primarily from his work with the Aeolian Quartet, and as the teacher of many contemporary cellists.
Career.
Simpson was born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, to musician parents, and started playing the cello at 10 years old. At 19 he moved to London to study at the Royal Academy of Music. In 1952 he won the Suggia Prize, which gave him the chance to study in Paris for a year, with the famous cellist Pierre Fournier. On his return to England, Simpson soon got work both for the Brighton Philharmonic, the London Chamber Orchestra, and as a solo performer.
In 1956 he received an offer to join the very prestigious Aeolian String Quartet. He remained with the quartet until it disbanded in 1981. The ensemble, among other things, made a complete recording of Haydn's string quartets – a project that took six years to complete. Simpson also had time for other projects, however, and his playing can be heard on The Beatles' singles "Eleanor Rigby"., and "Strawberry Fields Forever".
He taught at the Royal Academy of Music, where several of his many pupils took part in memorial tribute concerts in January and February 2008 (see External Links). He was among the teachers of Raphael Wallfisch. Among his active pupils are: Angela East, Benedict Rogerson, Mary Pells, Justin Pearson, Hafliði Hallgrímsson, Robert Ibell, Susan Sheppard, Sebastian Comberti and Alasdair Strange. Many of his students share an interest in historically informed performance.
Simpson was married three times; his last wife was his colleague in the Aeolian Quartet, Margaret Major. His first wife, Fiona Cameron, was the daughter of his teacher Douglas Cameron, and a concert pianist with whom he would occasionally perform. With Fiona he had two children. He also had a third son who died in a car accident in 1972.
Selected recordings.
and recordings with the Aeolian Quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="19352117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352117" title="Asclepiades of Phlius">
Asclepiades of Phlius

Asclepiades (; c. 350–c. 270 BC) of Phlius was a Greek philosopher in the Eretrian school of philosophy. He was the friend of Menedemus of Eretria, and they both went to live in Megara and studied under Stilpo, before sailing to Elis to join Phaedo's school. His friendship with Menedemus was said to have been hardly inferior to the friendship of Pylades and Orestes. As impoverished young men living in Athens, they were one day summoned before the Areopagus, to explain how they could spend all day with the philosophers if they had no visible means of support. They summoned a miller to the court to explain that they threshed grain at night for 2 drachmas, whereupon the Areopagites were so astonished that they awarded the two men 200 drachmas as a reward.
They eventually settled in Eretria, having transferred Phaedo's school there. It was said that they were both married; and that Asclepiades was married to the mother, and Menedemus to the daughter; and when Asclepiades's wife died, he took the wife of Menedemus; and Menedemus went on to marry a rich woman. They all lived in one house, and Menedemus entrusted the whole management of it to his former wife. Asclepiades died before Menedemus, at Eretria, at a great age.

</doc>
<doc id="19352124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352124" title="Yeni Həyat">
Yeni Həyat

Yeni Həyat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19352157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352157" title="Hot Saki &amp; Bedtime Stories">
Hot Saki &amp; Bedtime Stories

Hot Saki & Bedtime Stories is the fourth and final studio album by American alternative rock band Catherine. It was released on September 17, 1996 through TVT Records. D'arcy Wretzky of The Smashing Pumpkins, drummer Kerry Brown's wife at the time, contributed vocals on the record.
The song "Four Leaf Clover" was released as a single, and another song, "Whisper," was contributed to the soundtrack of the film "Scream".
Critical reception.
In their retrospective review, Allmusic called it "an even more varied and generally successful package" than their previous studio album, "Sorry!."

</doc>
<doc id="19352198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352198" title="Vasile Louis Puscas">
Vasile Louis Puscas

Vasile Louis Puscas () (September 13, 1915 – October 3, 2009) was an American prelate of the Romanian Catholic Church.
Puscas was born in Aurora, Illinois and was ordained to the priesthood on May 14, 1942. He was appointed Apostolic Exarch of for the Romanian faithful of the Byzantine rite residing in the United States and was ordained titular Bishop of Leuce on June 26, 1983. On March 26, 1987, Puscas was appointed bishop of the newly established Romanian Catholic Eparchy of St George's in Canton. Puscas retired from the pastoral governance of the eparchy on July 2, 1993, aged 77. On September 1, 1993 he left Canton for his hometown Aurora in Illinois, where he died on October 3, 2009.
References.
"Saint George's in Canton dei Romeni." "Annuario Pontificio 2006", Città del Vaticano: Libreria Editrice Vaticana, 2006, p. 630.

</doc>
<doc id="19352202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352202" title="Chariton School District">
Chariton School District

The Chariton Community School District is a public school district located in Lucas County, Iowa, USA. It is currently the only school district in Lucas County. The district educates 1,477 students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade as of the 08-09 school year. Of those, 710 are female and 767 are male. 1,466 of the students are White, seven are Hispanic, three are Black, and one is Asian.

</doc>
<doc id="19352206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352206" title="William Langdon">
William Langdon

William Henry Langdon (September 25, 1873 – August 10, 1939) was an American banker, lawyer and judge from California.
Biography.
Langdon was born in Alameda County to William and Annie Langdon. Langdon attended local public schools, and graduated from the California State Normal School to become a teacher, while also entering the state bar to become a lawyer in 1896. Langdon served as vice principal and principal at schools in San Leandro, Fresno, and San Francisco, eventually becoming the city's school superintendent in 1902. In 1905, city voters elected Langdon as district attorney of San Francisco.
A popular district attorney, Langdon was nominated by the Independence League as its choice for governor in the 1906 elections. Langdon's presence as a strong third party candidacy won over 14 percent of the vote, proving to be a spoiler vote in a tight race between Democrat Theodore A. Bell and Republican James Gillett.
In 1907, one year after the aftermath of the San Francisco earthquake, Langdon carried out the successful prosecutions both of Mayor Eugene Schmitz and political machine operator Abe Ruef for bribery and extortion. After one term as district attorney, Langdon entered the world of banking, serving in a number of positions with several banks around Modesto. In 1915, Langdon reentered law, becoming a judge in the California Court of Appeals. In 1927, he was appointed as a judge to the Supreme Court of California, where he served the next nineteen years of his life until his death in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19352213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352213" title="822d Air Division">
822d Air Division

The 822d Air Division (822d AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Eighth Air Force, being stationed at Turner Air Force Base, Georgia. It was inactivated on September 2, 1966.
Activated in 1958 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control, manning, training, and equipping of B-52 Stratofortress Strategic Wings in the Southeastern United States to conduct long range bombardment missions from January 1959 – September 1966. Managed conversion of SAC MAJCOM Strategic Wings to USAF AFCOM wings, providing wings with combat historical lineage. The division conducted numerous staff assistance visits and monitored tactical exercises such as Operations Spruce Up and Chrome Dome. During the Cuban Missile Crisis in November 1962, the division and its subordinate units assumed an increased alert posture.
Inactivated along with closure of Turner AFB in 1966. Subordinate wings reassigned to 57th Air Division.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19352214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352214" title="Kirara Beach, Shimane">
Kirara Beach, Shimane

The name or "isinglass," is similar to the Japanese sound effect "kirakira" used for something glittery. Kirara Beach glitters in the sunlight, fitting the appearance of mica. 
Kirara Beach is the first beach to open in the San'in region in early June; kids' events are planned for the opening of the beach. The beach has clean water and offshore stacks of cement tetrapods to break the waves. Nearby is health spa and onsen, and an eatery with an all-you-can-eat "baikingu" buffet, whose dining area commands a view of the beach and the Sea of Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19352238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352238" title="O'Loan">
O'Loan

O'Loan is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19352243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352243" title="Still Losing You">
Still Losing You

"Still Losing You" is a song written by Mike Reid, and recorded by American country music singer Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1984 as the first single from the album "One More Try for Love".
Success & Reception.
"Still Losing You" was Ronnie Milsap's 38th single to be released and his 25th No. 1 hit on the "Billboard" country charts, and became one of his biggest hits. "Still Losing You" was also a minor hit on the Adult Contemporary charts where it peaked at No. 29. It was originally made exclusive to the album titled "One More Try For Love", but is now featured on many of Milsap's compilation albums; these include "The Essential Ronnie Milsap", "40 #1 Hits", and "Ultimate Ronnie Milsap".

</doc>
<doc id="19352251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352251" title="Mambo Sinuendo">
Mambo Sinuendo

Mambo Sinuendo is a studio album released by Cuban performer Manuel Galban and producer Ry Cooder. This album became the first number-one album in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart for Galbán and the second for Cooder (after his successful recording "Buena Vista Social Club" in 1998). This recording won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album at the 46th Grammy Awards.
Album history.
Producer Ry Cooder re-introduces the pianist, organist, and guitarist Manuel Galbán. In the 1950s, he pioneered a tough, rocking guitar style full of reverb and bent notes that is considered by Cuban musicians to be unique in their music. More than the American pop-jazz of the time, this collaboration hearkens back to the futuristic creations of modern Cuban composers of the period. About the recording of this album says Cooder: ""Galbán and I felt that there was a sound that had not been explored in a Cuban electric-guitar band that could re-interpret the atmosphere of the 1950s with beauty, agility, and simplicity. We decided on two electrics, two drum sets, congas and bass: a sexteto that could swing like a big band and penetrate the mysteries of the classic tunes. This music is powerful, lyrical, and funny; what more could you ask? Mambo Sinuendo is Cuban soul and high-performance."". For the recording the producer enlisted the bassist for all the Buena Vista Social Club sessions, Orlando Cachaíto López. The percussionists include Jim Keltner, Cooder's son, Joachim Cooder and the conga master Miguel Angá Díaz.
Tracklisting.
This information from Billboard.com.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19352252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352252" title="Ric Frazier">
Ric Frazier

Ric Frazier (born April 1971 in Freeport, Texas) is an American photographer and an advertising director specializing in underwater photography.
He grew up in nearby Lake Jackson, Texas. He graduated in 1996 from Brooks Institute of Photography with a BA in Industrial Scientific Photography and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in photography. Ric has been interviewed by many magazines on how he creates his images.
Frazier has done adveristing work for corporations such as Kodak, MTV, Hilton, Bayer, Shell Oil, Valspar, Wyeth, Allergan, GlaxoSmithKline, and Globus. His photos have appeared in "ESPN Magazine", "Inc.", "People", "GQ", "Outside", "Shape Magazine" and numerous other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="19352262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352262" title="Bowling Green Hot Rods">
Bowling Green Hot Rods

The Bowling Green Hot Rods are a minor league baseball team in Bowling Green, Kentucky. They are a Class A team in the Midwest League, and have been a farm team of the Tampa Bay Rays since September 29, 2006. The team began playing at Bowling Green Ballpark in 2009, replacing the Columbus Catfish.
The "Hot Rods" name refers to the connections that Bowling Green has to the automotive and racing industries such the National Corvette Museum, Holley Carburetor, Beech Bend Raceway and the Bowling Green Assembly Plant, which is the only location in the world that produces General Motors' Chevrolet Corvette.
History.
The Hot Rods began life as the Wilmington Waves, one of two South Atlantic League expansion teams for the 2001 season. However, the Waves' stay at Brooks Field in Wilmington, North Carolina, lasted for a mere single season. The Waves took on the "South Georgia" moniker when the team was moved to the Paul Eames Sports Complex in Albany, Georgia, for the 2002 season. The team retained the South Georgia Waves name when it again moved to Golden Park in Columbus, Georgia, just before the 2003 campaign. One year later, in 2004, the franchise would change names and became the Columbus Catfish.
In April 2008, the team moved the team to Bowling Green for the 2009 season under the new nickname "Hot Rods." Their first manager as the Hot Rods was Matt Quatraro.
In 2010, the Hot Rods and the Lake County Captains moved from the South Atlantic League to the Midwest League, a plan meant to alleviate travel expenses associated with routine road trips as well as player movement within the teams' respective major/minor league systems.
In December 2013, Art Solomon, owner of the Hot Rods for five years, sold the team to Stuart Katzoff of Manhattan Capital. 
The Hot Rods have been widely recognized for their creative and fun promotional efforts. In 2009, the team's What Could've Been Night was named Promotion of the Year by MiLB.com. In 2010, Hot Rods Assistant General Manager Greg Coleman was honored as Marketer of the Year by the Professional Marketing Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19352276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352276" title="MazinSaga">
MazinSaga

The manga is considered a combination of "Mazinger" with "Devilman" because of the complexity of its plot and thematic. While this Mazinger is actually more an armored warrior instead of a giant super robot, it is also considered part of the Mazinger saga.
Plot.
"MazinSaga" tells the story of the young Koji Kabuto, a university student who finds himself having to collect the fruit of the researches of his father, a physicist of worldwide reputation who died in mysterious circumstances.
The boy is entrusted with a portentous artifact, "Mazinger Z", the Armor of God, an extraordinary shell composed of the Super Spiritual Materia Z. The material, of which the armor is composed and discovered by the father of Koji before his death, gives the powers of a god or a demon: everything depends on the will and the spirit of its user. And the devastating powers of "Mazinger Z" manifest itself in all its violence when Koji, wearing the armor for the first time, will decree nothing less than the end of the whole planet Earth.
It will be this event that will bring him to move to the planet Mars of the future, to help earth survivors and refugees there, against a frightening and mysterious alien enemy.
Videogame.
The manga has a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Asia and Japan. It was called "Mazin Saga Mutant Fighter" in the US and "Mazin Wars" in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19352312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352312" title="88.5 FM">
88.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 88.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352316" title="California gubernatorial election, 1906">
California gubernatorial election, 1906

The California gubernatorial election, 1906 was held on November 6, 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="19352334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352334" title="93.7 FM">
93.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 93.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19352340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352340" title="103.5 FM">
103.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 103.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In Russia
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19352343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352343" title="Choi Byung-chul">
Choi Byung-chul

Choi Byung-Chul (Hangul: 최병철, Hanja: 崔秉哲) (born October 24, 1981) is a South Korean foil fencer.
Choi made his first major international appearance by winning gold in the individual foil and bronze in the team foil at the 2001 Junior World Fencing Championships. In 2007, he won the bronze medal in the foil team event at the World Fencing Championships in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Choi qualified for the 2008 Beijing Olympics for the men's individual foil competition. On August 13, 2008, he had a 15-14 loss to the eventual silver medalist Yuki Ota of Japan in the round of 16. Choi then participated in the 2012 London Olympics and on July 31, 2012, he lost to Alaaeldin Abouelkassem in the semi-final, but beat Andrea Baldini in the bronze medal match to finally capture the bronze medal. 

</doc>
<doc id="19352371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352371" title="87.9 FM">
87.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 87.9 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352376" title="Paul Coussa">
Paul Coussa

Paul Coussa (September 9, 1917 – July 7, 2012) was a Syrian born Iraqi prelate of the Armenian Catholic Church.
Born in Alep, Syria, he was ordained a priest on April 17, 1941, aged 23. He was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Antioch Syrian diocese on August 26, 1969, along with Titular Bishop of Colonia in Armenia. He was ordained bishop on December 21, 1969. He was appointed bishop of the Armenian Catholic Diocese of Baghdad on June 27, 1983 until his retirement on October 13, 2001, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19352408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352408" title="88.3 FM">
88.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 88.3 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352427" title="Farid Abedi">
Farid Abedi

Farid Abedi (born on August 28, 1977 in Firouzabad) is an Iranian footballer. He currently plays for Bargh Shiraz in Azadegan League.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 5 June 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="19352438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352438" title="Keikyu N1000 series">
Keikyu N1000 series

The is a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the private railway operator Keikyu on commuter services in the Tokyo area of Japan since 2002.
Operations.
The 8-car sets are primarily used on limited-stop "Rapid Limited Express" and "Limited Express" services on the Keikyu Main Line, including through-running services to and from the Toei Asakusa Line subway, Keisei Main Line, and Hokuso Line. 4-car sets are used to form 12-car "Rapid Limited Express" and "Limited Express" services, and are also used singly on all-stations "Local" services. The 6-car formations delivered from 2011 are generally used on all-stations "Local" services. The N1000 series sets can be used in multiple with other Keikyu EMU types, including the 600 series, 1500 series, 2000 series, and 2100 series.
Variants.
Since the first set was introduced in March 2002, the type has undergone a number of design improvements. Sets built from 2002 to 2006 have painted aluminium bodies, whereas sets built from 2007 onward (set 1072 onward) have unpainted stainless steel bodies. More detailed variations are described below.
Batch 1.
Delivered February to June 2002.
Fitted with single-arm pantographs and roller-blind destination indicators from new. Use Siemens GTO variable-frequency drive (VVVF).
Batch 2.
Delivered May to July 2003.
The centre pillars of the passenger windows were discontinued.
Batch 3.
Delivered January to March 2005.
Feature IGBT variable-frequency drive.
Batch 4.
Delivered July to August 2005.
Feature full-colour LED destination indicators.
Batch 5.
Delivered November 2006.
No design changes over 4th batch vehicles.
Batch 6.
Delivered March 2007.
Use Mitsubishi inverters. Body design changed to unpainted stainless steel. The 4-seat transverse bays at the ends of cars were replaced by longitudinal bench seats.
Batch 7.
Delivered January to February 2008.
Yellow warning tape was added around the door interiors.
Batch 10.
Delivered during fiscal 2010.
Audible warnings added for door opening/closing, and pairs of LCD passenger information screens installed above doors.
Batch 11.
Delivered during fiscal 2011.
The third 6-car set, 1313, entered service on 19 March 2012. This set uses LED interior lighting instead of fluorescent tubes.
Formations.
8-car sets 1001 to 1033.
The five 8-car (aluminium bodied) sets 1001 to 1033 are formed as follows, with four motored (M) cars and four trailer (T) cars.
The "Tpu" and "Tps" cars are each fitted with two single-arm pantographs.
8-car sets 1041 to 1065.
The five 8-car (aluminium bodied) sets 1041 to 1065 are formed as follows, with six motored (M) cars and two trailer (T) cars.
The "Tpu" and "Tps" cars are each fitted with two single-arm pantographs.
8-car sets 1073 to 1145.
The ten 8-car (stainless steel bodied) sets 1073 to 1145 are formed as follows, with six motored (M) cars and two trailer (T) cars.
The "M1u" and "M1s" cars are each fitted with two single-arm pantographs, and the "M1u'" are fitted with one pantograph.
6-car sets 1301 to 1313.
The three 6-car (stainless steel bodied) sets 1301 to 1313 are formed as follows, with four motored (M) cars and two trailer (T) cars.
The "M1u" and "M1s" cars are each fitted with two single-arm pantographs.
4-car sets 1401 to 1405.
The two 4-car (aluminium bodied) sets 1401 to 1405 are formed as follows, with two motored (M) cars and two trailer (T) cars.
The "Tpu1" and "Tps1" cars are each fitted with one single-arm pantograph.
4-car sets 1409 to 1413.
The two 4-car (aluminium bodied) sets 1409 to 1413 are formed as follows, with two motored (M) cars and two trailer (T) cars.
The "Tp" cars are fitted with two single-arm pantographs.
4-car sets 1417 to 1445.
The eight 4-car (aluminium bodied) sets 1417 to 1445 are formed as follows, with three motored (M) cars and one trailer (T) car.
The "Tp" cars are fitted with two single-arm pantographs.
4-car sets 1449 to 1489.
The eleven 4-car (stainless steel bodied) sets 1449 to 1489 are formed as follows, with four motored (M) cars.
The "M1u" and "M1s" cars are each fitted with one single-arm pantograph.

</doc>
<doc id="19352439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352439" title="88.7 FM">
88.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 88.7 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352478" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T11">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T11

The Men's 100m T11 had its first round held on September 8, beginning at 17:32. The Semifinals were held on September 9, at 12:38 and the A and B Finals were held on the same day at 17:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19352479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352479" title="Cecília Dassi">
Cecília Dassi

Cecília Dassi (born December 6, 1989, in Esteio, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian actress famous for her work on Rede Globo soap operas.
Career.
On television.
As actress.
Soap operas
Awards and nominations.
Awards
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="19352484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352484" title="88.9 FM">
88.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 88.9 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352541" title="Trampoline Hall">
Trampoline Hall

Trampoline Hall is a barroom lecture series started by Canadian author Sheila Heti in Toronto. It has been sold out consistently since 2001.
Format.
Trampoline Hall is held every month. The program consists of three talks each followed by a question-and-answer period, and is hosted by improv teacher and consultant Misha Glouberman. 
Lecturers may speak on any subject from the mundane to the arcane, but are forbidden to speak on any area in which they are professionally expert. As a result, talks vary from the well-informed to the unstructured, with the lecturer's level of comfort and degree of preparation emerging as part of the "performance". Over a few months in 2010-2011, representative topics included "The History of 3D," "Suicide Notes," "Cultural Entropy in the Internet Era," "The Perfect Baguette," and "Being an Asshole."
Criticism.
The show went on a 10-city tour of the US in 2002 and has played numerous shows in New York and San Francisco. It has been written about favourably in the New Yorker, the Village Voice, the National Post, the Globe and Mail, and other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="19352542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352542" title="Goan Catholic literature">
Goan Catholic literature

Goan Catholic literature is diverse.
Missionary literature.
The indigenous population of the erstwhile overseas Portuguese colony of Goa underwent a large scale conversion to Roman Catholicism after its conquest and occupation by the Portuguese Empire, which was led by the famous voyager and adventurer Afonso de Albuquerque on 25 February 1510. It was necessary for Catholic missionaries to learn the local Konkani language in order to carry out evangelic activities. Hence, during the 16th and 18th century, Catholic missionaries and priests contributed a lot for Goan Catholic literature by composing and publishing books in Konkani, as manual of devotion for converts. 
The origin of their literature dates to 1563 when the first Konkani grammar was published by Fr.Andre Vaz at St.Paulo College at Old Goa. Konkani language had its first "Konkani-Portuguese dictionary" in 1567. Missionary priests of Rachol Seminary compiled the first ever dictionary in any Indian language giving 15000 Konkani words and their vocables in Portuguese. Konkani was known as "Canarim" in early Portuguese writings on Goa. In 1622, Thomas Stephens (1549–1619) an English Jesuit published "Doutrina Christam em lingoa Bramana Canarim, ordenada a maneira de dialogo, pera ensinar os mininos, por Thomas Estevao, Collegio de Rachol 1622" (Christian Doctrines in the Canarese Brahmin Language, arranged in dialogue to teach children, by Fr. Thomas Stephens, College of Rachol, 1622) which was the first book in Konkani and any Indian language. Mariano Saldhana published a facsimile edition of this book entitled as "Doutrina Cristâ em lingua Concani pot Tomás Estévão" in 1945. Thomas Stephens also published the "Arte da Lingoa Canarim" (A Grammar of Konkani, 1640), with its second edition the "Gramatica da Lingua Concani Composta Pelo Padre Thomas Estevão" (A Grammar of Konkani language composed by Fr. Thomas Stephens) published in 1856. and "Declaraçam da Doutrina Christam" (Exposition of Christian Doctrine in Konkani, 1632) in Goa. Jesuit missionaries also produced works during the seveenteenth century in a mix of Marathi and Konkani like the "Krista Purana" (The Christian Purânna) in 1616, 1649, and 1654, but no copies of any of these editions are extant. The ‘Krista Purana’ (The Christian Purânna) is a Marathi-Konkani metrical composition, consisting of 10,962 strophes; divided into two parts treating of the Old and the New Testament respectively. "Paixao de Cristo" (Passion of Christ) known as "Christi Vilapika" in Marathi, written by during the 17th century in Marathi language and Roman script, based on sublime pathos of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and the "Chilayabal Vilapika". 
In 1626, Diogo Reberio (1560–1633), a Portuguese Jesuit, compiled the "Vocabulario da lingoa Canarim" (A Vocabulary of Konkani language) a Konkani-Portuguese and Portuguese-Konkani dictionary at Salcette, Goa, its manuscript is found at the Central Library, Panjim, Goa. It comprises 14,000 principal lexical entries. It was in the form of three manuscripts, each different from the other. In 1973, Junta de Investigações do Ultramar published in Lisbon a seventeenth-century Konkani dictionary called "Vocabulario da Lingoa Canarina Com versam Portugueza", which is a revised and enlarged version of Reberio's "Vocabulario". A manuscript at the Ajuda library in Lisbon entitled "Vocabulario (Canarim) da lingoa da Terra, Composto pelo Padre Diogo Reberio da Comphania de Jesu do uzo do Padre Amaro de Azevedo tresladado a sua custa" also based on Reberio's "Vocabulario". In 1982, professor L.A. Rodrigues of Santa Cruz, Goa discovered the "Vocabulario da lingoa Canarim, feito pellos Padres da Comphania de Jesus que residião da Christandade de Salcete e novamente acressentado com varios de falar pelo Padre Diogo Reberio de Comphania. Anno 1626". However it does not differ from the Central Library "Vocabulario" copy and hence is considered the second copy of Reberio's "Vocabulario". Christovão de Jesus wrote the "Grammatica da Bramana" (1635).
In 1857 Dr. Joaquim Heliodoró da Cunha Rivara (1800–79) published the "Ensiao Historico da Lingua Concani" (Historical Essay on Konkani language). Mgr Sebastião Rodolfo Dalgado (1855–1922) procuded works such as "A Konkani-Portuguese, Philological and Etmological Dictionary" (1893), "A Portuguese-Konkani Dictionary" (1905), "A Bouquet of Konkani Proverbs" (1922) and the unpublished "A Grammar of Konkani language" (1922), with its manuscript preserved in the Central Library, Panjim. Gaspar De Sam Miguel's undated "Sintaxis Copiozissima na Lingua Brahmana e Polida" with its manuscript in the University of London. In Goa, "Amcho Soddvonddar" (Our Saviour, Jesus the Messiah, 1952) was popular. In Goa, the Salesians started "Aitarachem Vachop", a Konkani weekly.
Other literature.
Goan Catholics have immensely contributed towards Media Activities in Goa, Bombay, and Karachi. In 1556, the first printing press was established in Goa and on 22 December 1821 the first periodical "Gazeta de Goa" (Goa Gazeteer), was published with Antonio Jose de Lima Leitao being its founder-editor. On 22 January 1900, the first Portuguese newspaper in Goa, "O Heraldo" was started by Prof. Messias Gomes, which was transformed into an English daily in 1987. Popular Konkani periodicals published in Goa include "Amcho Ganv" (1930) by Luis de Menezes, "Amigo do Povo" (People's friend, 1916) by S.X. Vaz, Antonio V. De Cruz's "Ave Maria" (1920), "Amcho Sonvsar" (Our World, 1928) by J.C.F de Souza, "Goencho Porzoll" (1982) by Joao Inacio de Souza, "Goyche Xetkamoti" (Goan Farmers) by J.A. Fernandes, "Sangatti" (1934), a magazine by F.P. Martryer were published. In 1911, the first Konkani novel "Kristanv Ghorabo" (Christian home) by Eduardo José Bruno de Souza was published. His also produced various works such as "Kristanvanchi Dotorn Goyenche Bhaxen" (Christian doctrine in the language of Goa, 1897), "Eva ani Mori" (Eve and Mary, 1899), "Piedade Saibinichim ani sabar dusrim Gaenam" (Our Lady of Piety Hymns and Several Others,1901), "Primeira Cartilha do Alphabeto Mariano" (First book of Marian Alphabet, 1905), "Monti Saibinichim ani sabar dusrim Gaenam" (Our Lady of Mount's hymns and several others), "Ressurecção do Concani" (Resurrection of Konkani), "Khuxalponnacho ghorabo and Ponchtis Kunvor" (Happy family and thirty five princes), and "Sorgacho Thevo" (Treasure of Heaven). According to R. Kelkar author of "A Bibliography of Konkani literature in Devnargri, Roman and Kannada characters" (1963) lists that there are over 1000 Goan Catholic Konkani works in Roman script.
From 1892 to 1897, bilingual Konkani-Portuguese weeklies such as "A Luz", "O Bombaim Esse", "O Luo", "O Intra Jijent", "O Opiniao Nacional", while Konkani-English periodicals like "Goa Mail" (1919) by Dr. Vasco da Gama and F.X. Afonso, "Goa Times" (1919), which later only Konkani were published. Popular Portuguese-Konkani periodicals included "Porecho Adhar" (1932) by Joseph Baptist Vaz and "Padre Jose Vaz" by Francis Xavier D'Costa. In 1919, "Amigo do Povo" (1916) and "O Goano" (1916) were combined and named "O Amigo do Povo Goano". Popular Konkani newspapers and magazines like "Vauraddeancho Ixxt" (The worker's friend, 1933) by Fr. Arcenio Fernandes and Fr. Graciano Gomes. It was then edited by L.A. Fernandes and later by Fr.Lactancio Almeida, while it is presently run by the Society of the Missionaries of St. Francis Xavier, Pilar, Goa. Other newspapers included "Konknni Bulletin" by Antonio Vincente D'Cruz, "Gulab" and "Goencho Avaz", which became a fortnightly after one and a half year, by Fr. Freddy J. da Costa. 
After Liberation of Goa, Felicio Cardoso started a weekly named "Goencho Sad" and later changed it to "Sot". In 1963, Ameterio Pais, started a weekly "Uzvadd". In 1967, two weeklies were "Sot" and "A Vida" were combanied by Felicio Cardoso to form "Divtti", a daily, which he later transformed into a weelky "Loksad". Post-anexxion journalism flourished, through the advent of periodicals like "Novo Uzvadd" and "Prokas" by Evagrio Jorge, "Goencho Avaz", and later changed to "Goenchem Kirnam" (1980) by Fr. Planton Faria. Currently, the "Goan Review" is the only Konkani-English bimonthly, operating from Mumbai, edited by Fausto V. da Costa, and the "Konkan Mail" started from Panjim, with Cyril D'Cunha and Jose Salvador Fernandes editing the English and Konkani sections respectively. Dacho Furtad introduced two new dictionaries, the "New Konkani-English Pocket Dictionary" (1930) and "Concanim–Inglez dicionar" (Konkani-English Pocket Dictionary, 1999).
In Bombay Konkani perodials such as "O Concani", a weekly by Sebastiāo Jesus Dias, "Sanjechem Noketr" (The Evening star) (1907) by B.F. Cabral, "O Goano" (1907) by Honarato Furtado and Francis Futardo, divide into three sections: Portuguese, Konkani and English, "Popular Magazine" by first as monthly then a forttnightly and "Ave Maria" (1919), a Konkani-English-Portuguese trilingual edited by Antonio D'Cruz were published. On February 1899, "Udentenchem Sallok" (Lotus of the East), a Konkani-Portuguese bilingual by Eduardo J. Bruno de Souza, the first Konkani periodical was published as a fortnightly in Poona. In Sholapur, the first Konkani book in the Devanagri script "Kristanv Doton ani Katisism" (1894), by Dr. George Octaviano Pires was published. Other periodicals that took birth Bombay from 1936-50 included "Udentechem Nektr" (The Morning star), "Niz Goa", "Jai Gomantak", "Gomant Bharti", "Voice of Goa", "Azad Goem", "Sot Uloi", "Porjecho Avaz" and "Ghe Uzvadd" were published. Periodicals like "Mhojem Magazin", "Catholic Indian", "Amcho Sonvsar", "Novo Jivit", "Goenkaracho Ixxt", "Porjecho Ulas", "Golden Goa", "Konkani Times", "Sontos", "Aitarachem Vachop", "O Heraldo", "Konknni Journal" and "Tujem Raj Amkam Ieum" were circulated from Bombay. In Karachi, Fr.Ludovico Pereria's monthly "Dor Mhoineachi Rotti" (Monthly bread, 1915) was published.

</doc>
<doc id="19352549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352549" title="Latécoère 25">
Latécoère 25

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 25 was a French airliner built in 1925 for use on Latécoère's own airline and its subsidiaries. Essentially a refined version of the Latécoère 17 with an enlarged wingspan, it supplanted that type in production and then in service. As Lignes Aériennes Latécoère increasingly shifted its emphasis from carrying passengers to carrying airmail, the Latécoère 25 found its definitive role as a mail plane, and was widely used in establishing the line's South American services. Like the Latécoère 17, it was a conventional parasol-wing monoplane with enclosed seating for passengers and an open cockpit for the pilot.
One Latécoère 25 was involved in a celebrated incident when it made a forced landing high in the Andes. Hitherto, flights between Buenos Aires and Santiago made a detour to avoid the mountains. On 2 March 1929, while searching for a safe route across the range, a Latécoère 25 piloted by Jean Mermoz was caught in a downdraft and forced down onto a plateau just 300 metres (1,000 ft) across at an altitude of 4,000 metres (12,000 ft). With his mechanic Alexandre Collenot and passenger, Count Henry de La Vaulx, Mermoz spent the next four days repairing and lightening the aircraft and making a clear path from it to the edge of the precipice. He then rolled it off the edge, diving to attain airspeed, and successfully reached Santiago. 
The only surviving example of a Latécoère 25 is preserved in the "Museo Nacional de Aeronáutica" in Morón, Argentina. It wears the markings of Aeroposta Argentina. 

</doc>
<doc id="19352553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352553" title="Going to California (TV series)">
Going to California (TV series)

Going To California is an American dramedy television series created for Showtime and airing from 2001 to 2002 on that channel. It starred primarily Sam Trammell and Brad William Henke as Kevin "Space" Lauglin and Henry "Hank" Ungalow respectively, two friends on a road trip across the continental United States. The tag line for this show was: "No map. No plan. No rules. No turning back."
The show focused primarily on what happened to Hank and Space during their stops and detours along the way to California.

</doc>
<doc id="19352554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352554" title="WorldPride">
WorldPride

WorldPride, organised by InterPride, is an event that promotes lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT pride) issues on an international level through parades, festivals and other cultural activities. Founded by Paul Stenson. From 2014, the 45th anniversary of the Stonewall Riots, the event will be held on a five-year cycle. The inaugural WorldPride was held in Rome in 2000. The second WorldPride was awarded to Jerusalem in 2006. WorldPride 2012 was awarded to London and coincides with the 19th Annual Europride. The selection of WorldPride 2014 was chosen on October 18, 2009; the two candidates were Toronto and Stockholm, with Toronto winning on the second round of voting. The host cities are selected by InterPride, an international association of pride coordinators, at its annual general meeting.
WorldPride Rome 2000.
At the 16th annual conference of InterPride, held in October 1997 in New York City, InterPride's membership voted to establish the "WorldPride" title and awarded it to the city of Rome, Italy during July 1 to July 9, 2000. The event was put on by the Italian gay rights group Mario Mieli along with InterPride.
Rome officials had promised to put up US$200,000 for the event, however bowing to ferocious opposition from the Vatican and conservative politicians, Rome's leftist mayor, Francesco Rutelli, on May 30, 2000 withdrew logistical and monetary support. Hours after his announcement, Rutelli mostly reversed himself in response to harsh criticism from the left. He restored the funding and promised to help with permits, but declined to back down on a demand that organizers remove the city logo from promotional materials. The event was staunchly opposed by Pope John Paul II and seen as an infringement on the numerous Catholic pilgrims visiting Rome for the Catholic Church's Great Jubilee. Pope John Paul II addressed crowds in St. Peter's Square during WorldPride 2000 stating, in regards to the event, that it was an "offence to the Christian values of a city that is so dear to the hearts of Catholics across the world."
The organisers claimed 250,000 people joined in the march to the Colosseum and the Circus Maximus, two of Rome's most famous ancient sites. It was one of the biggest crowds to gather in Rome for decades. Among the scheduled events were conferences, a fashion show, a large parade, a leather dance, and a concert featuring Gloria Gaynor, The Village People, RuPaul and Geri Halliwell.
WorldPride Jerusalem 2006.
The 22nd annual conference of InterPride, held in October 2003 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada with over 150 delegates from 51 cities from around the world in attendance, voted to accept the bid of the Jerusalem Open House to host WorldPride 2006 in the Holy City.
The first attempt to hold WorldPride in Jerusalem was in 2005, however it was postponed until 2006 because of tensions arising from Israel's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. It was called “Love Without Borders” as a nod to the many barriers within Israel, and for gays and lesbians in other ways. World Pride was a key project of Jerusalem’s Open House, the city’s gay community centre. From the planned starting point of the march on Ben Yehuda Street, participants could see an eight-metre (25-foot) concrete wall, called by Israel the “separation barrier” and known to Palestinians as the Apartheid (or Segregation) Wall.
After Jerusalem was selected as the WorldPride 2006 City, the city of Tel Aviv announced that is was cancelling its own annual Pride Weekend in 2006 to make sure that more Israelis attended the main march. As WorldPride started in 2006, the main parade was scheduled for August 6, but rwas strongly opposed by Israeli religious leaders from the outset. However, due to the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict, Jerusalem's government cancelled the march, saying there were not enough soldiers to protect marchers. A week of events took place as scheduled and included five conferences, a film festival, exhibitions, and literary and political events. The parade was cancelled but the Jerusalem Open House announced that it would hold a parade on November 10 after reaching an agreement with the police and the municipality.
WorldPride London 2012.
The 27th annual conference of InterPride, held in October 2008 in Vancouver, Canada, voted to accept the bid of Pride London to host WorldPride 2012 in the capital of the United Kingdom just ahead of the London Olympic and Paralympic Games and during the anticipated year-long celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee. Pride London planned a parade with floats, a large performance area in Trafalgar Square with street parties in Golden Square and Soho.
However, London's World Pride event was significantly "scaled back" at an emergency all-agencies meeting on 27 June 2012, nine days before the event was due to take place and after the festival fortnight had started. Pride London organisers had failed to secure the funds necessary for contractors of key areas of the work, and they announced that all activities were being cut or cancelled. The "London Evening Standard" reported that four contractors from the previous year's Pride event were owed £65,000 in unpaid debts, though this has been denied by Pride London. Consequently, the entertainment and stages were all cut, and licence applications for street parties in Soho withdrawn. Instead, the event plans included a Pride Walk (without floats or vehicles), and a scaled-back rally in Trafalgar Square. On 5 July, the Metropolitan Police issued a licence regulations notice to all venues in Soho, reminding them that Pride London had no licence for street events in the Soho area, and therefore venues should treat WorldPride as "any normal day".
Peter Tatchell and former Pride London Associate Director James-J Walsh in an article for "PinkNews" criticised the management of Pride London's management of World Pride. Tatchell said "Whatever the rights and wrongs, this scaling down of WorldPride is a huge embarrassment for London and for our LGBT community. We promised LGBT people world-wide a fabulous, spectacular event. It now looks like WorldPride in London will go down in history as a damp squib. We’re not only letting down LGBT people in Britain, we’re also betraying the trust and confidence of LGBT people world-wide. This is an absolute disaster.” Walsh added "This will mar the work of Pride London for years to come. Pride London has lost the focus of being an LGBT campaigning organisation, instead focusing on partying rather than politics, which is what the community needs when legislation around equal marriage and LGBT rights are still to be won both in the UK and around the world."
WorldPride Toronto 2014.
Pride Toronto, in partnership with the city's tourism agency, Tourism Toronto, submitted a bid to host WorldPride 2014 in Toronto from June 20 to June 29, 2014. The 28th annual conference of InterPride, held in October 2009 in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States, voted to accept the bid of Pride Toronto to host WorldPride 2014 for the first time in North America. In the first round of voting Toronto won 77 votes to Stockholm's 61. In the second round of voting Stockholm was eliminated and Toronto won 78% of the vote, fulfilling the 2/3 majority needed to finalize the selection process. WorldPride 2014 in Toronto will include: an opening ceremony, an international human rights conference, a variety of networking and social events including Canada Day and American Independence Day celebrations and an exhibition commemorating the 45th anniversary of the Stonewall Riots.
Pride Toronto officials said that Pride Week 2009 drew an estimated one million people to Toronto and contributed C$136 million to the city's economy, and state that they expect WorldPride to be about five times bigger.
WorldPride Madrid 2017.
At the annual conference of InterPride, held in October 2012 in Boston, United States, InterPride's membership voted to establish the "WorldPride" title and awarded it to the city of Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19352574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352574" title="89.5 FM">
89.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 89.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 208)
In Thailand
In the United States (Channel 208)

</doc>
<doc id="19352589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352589" title="Allandale Waterfront GO Station">
Allandale Waterfront GO Station

Allandale Waterfront GO Station, was built just south of Allandale Station, a historic train station that occupies a large property on the southern shore of Lake Simcoe in the waterfront area of Barrie, Ontario, Canada.
Construction of the new facility began in 2009. GO Transit announced on 15 June 2011 that the station would open in the autumn of 2011, but construction delayed its opening until January 2012. Bus service to the station began on the 28 January 2012, with the train service following two days later.
A ceremonial train trip from Allandale Waterfront GO Station to Bradford GO Station officially opened the station on 29 January 2012.
History.
Early years.
The Ontario, Simcoe and Huron Union Railroad (OS&HURR) first built a station here in 1853. The current structure, the fourth station building on the site, was built in 1904 by Richard Scruton, and opened by then-operator Grand Trunk Railway on June 19, 1905. The station provided passenger service for the Grand Trunk and later the Canadian National Railway and Via Rail until closing in 1980. It briefly reopened as a GO passenger facility from 1990 to 1993. In 1996 the CNR lifted rails between Allandale and Longford.
ACDC.
The Allandale Community Development Corporation or 'ACDC' (with City interests) purchased the buildings and adjacent from CNR after train service discontinued in the 1980s. ACDC then sold the station to CHUM Ltd in 2000.
CHUM ownership.
CHUM Ltd. purchased the of land, including the station buildings for $1,050,000 in 2000. CHUM planned to restore the Allandale Station building as part of their plan to develop of a new broadcast centre on the site, though changed their plan in 2004. In 2007 CHUM agreed to sell the property to the City for the same amount CHUM originally paid. CHUM received a Charitable Donation Tax Receipt reflecting the increased value of the property since 2000 largely due to the restoration and site works completed by CHUM.
Redevelopment.
Construction of the new Allandale Waterfront GO Station (located adjacent to the historic Allandale Station) broke ground in spring 2010 and the station officially opened on 28 January 2012. Redevelopment of the station cost approximately $5 million.
The area of the historic station is currently undergoing two remaining stages of redevelopment: (i) the City of Barrie is undertaking the restoration of the historic Allandale Station, and (ii) the City of Barrie is undertaking the restoration of Gowan Street, which borders the southern edge of the station lands. The area is expected to become a new transportation and cultural hub of the city once all the construction is complete.
Services.
The Barrie line has weekday service consisting of five trains southbound to Union Station in the morning, and five trains northbound from Union Station in the afternoon. During the months of July and August, bidirectional weekend service is also provided. As of June 29, 2013, the service consists of 4 trains in each direction between Allandale Waterfront Station and Union Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="19352611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352611" title="89.7 FM">
89.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 89.7 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352631" title="89.9 FM">
89.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 89.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 210)
In Mexico
In the Netherlands
In the Philippines
In the United States (Channel 210)

</doc>
<doc id="19352664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352664" title="90.1 FM">
90.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 90.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 211)
In Mexico
In Taiwan
In the United States (Channel 211)

</doc>
<doc id="19352673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352673" title="Sports Car Club of British Columbia">
Sports Car Club of British Columbia

Sports Car Club of British Columbia (SCCBC) is a motorsport club based in British Columbia, Canada. The club was founded in 1951 as a non-profit society and is currently active at Mission Raceway Park.
Early days saw the membership host races at airports in Cassidy and Abbotsford. In the late 1950s, the club built a new road racing circuit on the remote, rural hillside in Coquitlam, a suburb of Vancouver. The track became known as Westwood Motorsport Park and was the first permanent, purpose-built road circuit in Canada. Built through volunteer hours and money raised through the sale of debentures, the track was the focal point of the club for over thirty years until encroaching urban development forced it to permanently close in 1990. During the Westwood years, the club held successful events that attracted later well-known drivers such as Gilles Villeneuve, Keke Rosberg, and Bobby Rahal.
In the early years, the SCCBC also held hill climbs, rallies, and gymkhanas at various venues around BC. The club promoted the sport and their organisation through participation in car shows and other public events.
In 1994, the SCCBC opened a 2 km road circuit referred to as "River's Edge Road Course", part of Mission Raceway Park. The club has operated at this venue since then, hosting events throughout the racing season.
The club publishes a monthly newsletter called "Pit Pass".

</doc>
<doc id="19352682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352682" title="90.3 FM">
90.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 90.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 212)
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 212)

</doc>
<doc id="19352715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352715" title="90.5 FM">
90.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 90.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 213)
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 213)

</doc>
<doc id="19352719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352719" title="Barry Mungar">
Barry Mungar

Barry Mungar was born on November 4, 1961 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. He was a professional basketball player standing at and participated in 1988 Seoul Summer Games. He was drafted in the fourth round of the 1986 NBA Draft, taken 82nd overall.

</doc>
<doc id="19352720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352720" title="In Love">
In Love

"In Love" is the title of a song written by Mike Reid and Bruce Dees, and recorded by American country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in June 1986 as the third single from the album "Lost in the Fifties Tonight".
Success & Reception.
His 44th single to be released, "In Love" was simultaneously his 29th No. 1 hit on the "Billboard" country charts. The song came during the peak of Milsap's success as country music singer as it was part of an uninterrupted string of several No. 1 hits to his credit.
The song was also one of several songs written by football star-turned-songwriter Reid which became major hits for Milsap.

</doc>
<doc id="19352738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352738" title="Həzrəoba">
Həzrəoba

Həzrəoba or Khazryoba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19352741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352741" title="WHLM">
WHLM

WHLM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19352756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352756" title="Zuxuloba">
Zuxuloba

Zuxuloba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19352768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352768" title="Dongba Culture Museum">
Dongba Culture Museum

Dongba Culture Museum is a museum in Lijiang City, Yunnan, China which deals with the of the Dongba culture of the Naxi (Nakhi) people.
The Naxi is a minority with a long history and a brilliant culture. With a population of 300,000, this group lives mainly in Yulong County, Lijiang City, Yunnan. It has become known worldwide or having kept its own ancient and unique Dongba Culture and thus claimed to be a small ethnic group that has created a grand culture.
The Dongba culture is a most inclusive term referring mainly to the language and scriptures. The Dongba language is actually composed of 1,400 picture-like characters and symbols that are still used by Dongbas, researchers and artists of the culture. It is by now the only living hieroglyph in the world and is regarded as a precious cultural relic of mankind. On August 30, 2003, the Dongba classical literature was accepted as a written world heritage by UNESCO. 
Many other countries have built their own collections of Dongba scriptures, for instance, the US, the UK, France, Japan, Germany, Italy and Austria. In the US alone, the collection in the Library of Congress plus that in Harvard University Library numbers over 4000 volumes. In China, Dongba scriptures have been collected by the Library of Yulong County, the Library of Yunnan Province.
For better protection, research and development of the Dongba Culture, in 1984 the Naxi Dongba Cultural Museum was under at the Black Dragon Pool of Lijiang. The museum has more than 10000 Dongba cultural relics and various other historical relics and offers the "Dongba Culture Exhibition", thereby attracting more than 100000 visitors each year. Meanwhile, it also compiles and publishes Newsletter of Dongba Culture and has established the Lijiang Naxi Dongba Cultural School. For its outstanding work over the past years, county museums in China, awarded the honor of "Advanced Cultural Unit in China", and listed as one of the bases for patriotism education of the province.

</doc>
<doc id="19352775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352775" title="90.7 FM">
90.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 90.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 214)
In Mexico
In Philippines
In Russia
In the United States (Channel 214)

</doc>
<doc id="19352785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352785" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T12">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T12

The Men's 100m T12 had its first round held on September 8, beginning at 10:35. The Semifinals were held on September 9, at 10:25 and the A and B Finals were held on September 10 at 17:35.

</doc>
<doc id="19352791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352791" title="Surai Sasai">
Surai Sasai

Bhadant Nagarjun Arya Surai Sasai born (Minoru Sasai) popularly known as Sasai is a Japanese-born Buddhist bhikkhu (monk) who later chose India as his working destination. Susai came to India in 1966 and met Nichidatsu Fujii, whom he helped with the Peace Pagoda at Rajgir. He fell out with Fuji, however, and started home, but, by his own account, was stopped by a dream in which a figure resembling Nagarjuna appeared and said, "Go to Nagpur". In Nagpur, he met Wamanrao Godbole, the person who had organized the conversion ceremony for Dr. Ambedkar in 1956. Sasai claims that when he saw a photograph of Dr. Ambedkar at Godbole's home, he realized that it was Ambedkar who had appeared in his dream. At first, Nagpur folk considered Surai Sasai very strange. Then he began to greet them with "Jai Bhim" (victory to Ambedkar) and to build viharas. In 1987 a court case to deport him on the grounds that he had overstayed his visa was dismissed, and he was granted Indian citizenship, upon which he automatically lost his Japanese citizenship. Sasai is one of the main leaders of the campaign to free the Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya from Hindu control.
Disciples.
He has hundreds of thousands lay disciples and hundreds of ordained monks, novice disciples. His most active disciples are: 1) Bhante Bodhi Dhamma ( Dhammaji), 2) Ven. Prajnasheela Bhikkhu, and 3) Ken Bodhi,4) Ven. Bhikkhu Abhaya Putra
 Among 4 of them the first and last were trained as Theravada monk and rest two are Mahayana monks. Bodhi Dhamma is working in South India teaching Zen while Prajnasheela works in center India. Ven. Abhaya Putra the founder of METTA INDIA where he trains theravadian monks and novices of Indian origin in Thailand
Important Dates.
Takashi Oyama薬王院出家in 1960, trained in religious Ouzi Nichiren in Kagoshima
大正大学1962 and the Auditors, the magazine's issue of Buddhist practice. He浪曲the side (easy東家(2 generations)), the fortune-teller. 
The dream reported in 1967, moved to Nagpur
妙法寺built in 1969 to Nagpur, India Mt
Siddhartha College of the study in 1970 in Mumbai

</doc>
<doc id="19352797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352797" title="Decidophobia">
Decidophobia

Decidophobia is the fear of making decisions. 
The word decidophobia was first mentioned by Princeton University philosopher Walter Kaufmann in his 1973 book "Without guilt and justice" in which he writes about the phobia in length. 
In Without Guilt and Justice, Kaufman describes people with decidophobia as people who lack the courage or will to sort through the different sides in disagreements to find the truth. They would rather leave the deciding of what is the truth to some authority. This might be a parent or spouse. It might be a church or university or a political party. Once the decidophobe has relinquished authority to decide the truth then they will accept as truth anything argued by that authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19352807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352807" title="90.9 FM">
90.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 90.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In China
In Mexico
In New Zealand
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19352809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352809" title="Municipal politics in the Netherlands">
Municipal politics in the Netherlands

Municipal politics in the Netherlands is an important aspect of the politics of the Netherlands. The municipality is the lowest level of government, but this does not reflect the importance that the Amsterdam and Rotterdam governments play in Dutch political life. There are a total of 408 municipalities in the Netherlands.
Municipal politics.
In municipal politics there are three functions: the Mayor, the city council and the Aldermen. Together they share legislative power. The mayor chairs both the city council and the council of mayor and aldermen. The council of mayor and aldermen exercise the executive power of the provincial government. The relationship between the Alderman and the City Council is officially dualistic, that is they have separate responsibilities.
Additionally many larger municipalities have Gemeentelijke Rekenkamer (Municipal Chamber of Audit) which oversees the finances of the municipality. Moreover the two largest municipalities, Amsterdam and Rotterdam are further divided in boroughs called deelgemeenten.
Mayor.
The mayor ("burgemeester") chairs both the council of mayor and aldermen and the city council. He is a member of the council of mayor and aldermen and has his own portfolios, often including safety and public order. He also has a representative role, as the head of the municipal government. He is appointed by the national government for a renewable six year term. When a vacancy occurs the city council and King´s Commissioner express their preferences to the Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations. The Minister generally follows the preferences of the city council. Almost all mayors are member of a national political party, but they are expected to exercise their office in a non partisan fashion.
City Council.
The City Council ("Gemeenteraad", GR) is the elected assembly of the municipality. Its main role is laying down the guidelines for the policy of the council of mayor and aldermen and exercising oversight over the implementation of policy by the council of mayor and aldermen.
The City Council is elected every four by the general populace. In many municipalities all major political parties contest in the election in addition to local parties. In most major, urban, municipalities all major parties are represented in the city council, while in smaller, rural, municipalities only the largest parties and a local party have seats in the city council. All citizens and foreigners who live in the Netherlands for at least four years in a municipality have the right to vote and almost all citizens can be elected, ministers and state secretaries in the national government are barred from standing in elections as well as mayors and civil servants employed by the municipality. The number of members of city council depends on the number of inhabitants. After the elections the parties in the states elect the aldermen.
The City Council is supported by its own civil service headed by the raadsgriffier. Members of the City Councils are not paid as full-time politicians: instead most of them have day jobs. Like most legislatures, the members of City Councils work in both political groups and policy area related committees. The mayor chairs the meetings of the City Council.
Alderman.
The Alderman ("Wethouders") together with the mayor form the "College van Burgemeester and Wethouders" (Council of Mayor and Aldermen, B&W). This is the executive council of the municipalities, which implements policy. The members of the Council of Mayor and Aldermen all have their own portfolio on which they prepare, coordinate and plan policy and legislation for the City Council and implement legisation. The College van B&W have the duty to inform the City Council on all aspects of their policy. The College van B&W functions a collegial body and most decisions are taken by consensus. An alderman will lose his position if the city council adopts a motion of no-confidence against him. Aldermen are elected by the City Council. They cannot be member of the City Council, although often aldermen used to be members of the city council.
The aldermen can appointed in two ways. Either as program council ("programcollege") or a mirror council ("afspiegelingscollege"). A program council based on a political program negotiated by a group of parties which has a majority in the city council; a mirror council represents all (major) parties represents in the municipal legislature. Until 1970 all municipalities were mirror municipalities, since then and especially after the dualization of municipal politics most council of aldermen and mayor have become programmatic. Those executives often include two or more parties with ideological links. The local executive of Rotterdam in the years 2002 until 2006 for example included the Christian-democratic CDA, the liberal VVD and the locally based Leefbaar Rotterdam. The social-democratic PvdA, the second largest party of Rotterdam, was kept out of the executive because of ideological conflicts with Leefbaar Rotterdam. The same happened in city of Groningen, where a left wing executive was appointed on 26 April 2006. It consists of the PvdA, the socialist SP and the green Groenlinks.
Some city councils allow parties to have dual councillors, politicians who are not elected into the city council but are allowed to speak in committees.
Dualism.
In 2002 the municipalities were drastically reformed. Before then all aldermen remained member of the city council. The city council had all the competences in a municipality and it delegated competences to the council of alderman and mayor. The council of alderman and mayor de facto functioned as the executive council of the municipality, but de jure they were little more than a powerful committee.
In 2002 the responsibilities of city council and council of alderman and mayor were clearly delineated and aldermen were barred from being member of the city council. The relationship between the B&W and City Council and is officially dualistic, that is they have separated responsibilities.
Municipal competences.
Dutch municipalities do not have a delineated set of competences. In most competences the municipalities have an executive function, executing policy which is made at the national or provincial level. Legally municipalities have an "open household" which means that it can take on any competence it wishes as long as it does not violate national policy or break constitutional bounds. The municipality competences, often shared with national and municipal government include:
Finances.
The municipalities get most of their finances from the national government. Partially through the municipal fund in which the national government puts part of its tax income. This money is divided evenly over the municipalities, which can spend it as they see fit. Moreover municipalities receive earmarked budgets from the national government, with which the municipality can take care of specific competences such as social security. Municipalities can also levy their own taxes. The most well known is the "onroerendzaakbelasting", a tax on home and building ownership. They also tax tourists and people who own dogs. Municipalities also receive administrative payments from citizens who need particular services such as environment permits.
Civil Service.
All twelve provinces have their own civil service. The head of the provincial civil service is the municipal secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="19352811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352811" title="The Chestnut Tree">
The Chestnut Tree

The Chestnut Tree is a short film which made its debut at the "Laemmle Sunset 5" and then showed in the "Austin Film Festival" and the "San Diego Asian Film Festival". It is a 2-D hand-drawn short film about a little girl and her mother that revisit memories under the chestnut tree. It is animated by Hyun-min Lee.
Reception.
It was nominated for two Annie Awards, for "Best Animated Short Subject" and "Animation Production Artist" in the 35th Annual Annie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19352816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352816" title="Anne Marshall">
Anne Marshall

Anne Marshall (fl. 1661 – 1682), also Mrs. Anne Quin, was a leading English actress of the Restoration era, one of the first generation of women performers to appear on the public stage in England.
John Downes, in his "Roscius Anglicanus" (1708), reports that Anne Marshall among the initial group of actresses employed by manager Thomas Killigrew with his King's Company. She has been nominated as possibly the "first English actress," the Desdemona in the performance of "Othello" on 8 December 1660. Margaret Hughes; Katherine Corey. Marshall certainly played Desdemona in later performances.
Marshall is thought to have played Zempoalla in the Dryden/Howard collaboration "The Indian Queen" in 1664. She is known to have played the following roles with the King's Company:
Anne Marshall married an actor named Peter Quin, or Gwyn, probably in 1665; she resumed her stage career as Mrs. Quin once the theatres re-opened after the plague epidemic and the Great Fire of 1665–66. She played:
Marshall retired from the stage in 1668; but she resumed her career nine years later, this time with the rival Duke's Company under Thomas Betterton. With that troupe, her first role was Angelica Bianca in Aphra Behn's "The Rover" in March 1677. (Coincidently, Marshall had been cast in the same role in the abortive all-female production of Thomas Killigrew's "Thomaso" in 1664.) She also played:
— and other parts.
Anne Marshall had a younger sister, Rebecca Marshall, who also was a noted actress in the same era. Their father was a clergyman, the chaplain of Lord Gerard. Samuel Pepys mentions both Marshalls frequently in his Diary. The sisters played together at least once, in "The Maiden Queen".

</doc>
<doc id="19352831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352831" title="WHSM">
WHSM

WHSM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19352832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352832" title="Wonderful Smith">
Wonderful Smith

Wonderful Smith (June 21, 1911 – August 28, 2008) was an African-American comedian from Arkadelphia, Arkansas. He was most notable for his routine, "Hello, Mr. President" which was an imaginary conversation with American President Franklin Delano Roosevelt that lampooned the New Deal and World War II preparations. The routine appeared in Duke Ellington's satirical revue "Jump for Joy". No complete copy of the routine exists, although most of the routine appeared in the 1941 movie "Top Sergeant Mulligan," performed by Smith, and was later re-released on the Smithsonian's "Jump for Joy" LP in 1988. Smith also made numerous appearances as an extra in various movies, such as a stage hand in the cavernous backstage scene in "This is Spinal Tap". He also was a member of Red Skelton's radio show in the early and mid 1940s. Others in the cast during this time were Ozzie and Harriet Nelson. When Smith returned from his World War II service, he found that his role in the show had been changed, along with the program's format. Smith attempted to claim racial and veterans' discrimination. The radio show's sponsor pointed out that his contract had been honored and that while his role in the show was smaller than it had been previously, he was not written out with his contract paid off.

</doc>
<doc id="19352837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352837" title="91.1 FM">
91.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 91.1 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352858" title="91.3 FM">
91.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 91.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 217)
In Mexico
In Singapore
In the United States (Channel 217)

</doc>
<doc id="19352878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352878" title="Diana degli Andalò">
Diana degli Andalò

Blessed Diana degli Andalò (1201 – 10 June 1236), sometimes d'Andalo, was a Dominican nun who founded a convent for her order dedicated to Saint Agnes in Italy. 
In 1218, the Dominicans established themselves in Bologna. In 1219, with the help of Cardinal Ugolino they obtained the church of San Nicolò delle Vigne despite the opposition of the wealthy Loderingo degli Andlò, who owned the land on which the church was built. Diana was Loderingo's sister. Reportedly she lived a worldly life until, inspired by Reginald of Bologna, she entered the Dominican convent at Ronzano, despite the violent reproach of her family. She was once even forcibly removed from the convent, but returned. 
In 1221, Diana met Dominic of Osma when he visited Bologna. She made her vow of virginity to him and asked him to help her found a house for nuns on the model of Notre-Dame de Prouille. Dominic agreed and left behind four Dominican priests to oversee the foundation: Paul of Hungary, Guala of Brescia, Ventura of Verona, and Rudolph of Faenza. In 1222, Diana began a correspondence with Dominic's deputy, Jordan of Saxony, and they became close friends. Despite the continued violent opposition of her family, Jordan convinced them to donate land for the foundation of the convent of Saint Agnes. On 13 May 1223, the convent came into being. Diana was its first superior until her death three years later. The date of her beatification by Pope Leo XIII is given as either 8 August 1888 or 24 December 1891, the same day as that of her fellow Dominicans Cecilia Cesarini and Amata. Her feast day is either June 8, 9, or 10. 

</doc>
<doc id="19352897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352897" title="91.5 FM">
91.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 91.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352907" title="Reflets">
Reflets

Reflets is the second album by the French singer Shy'm, following 2006 "Mes fantaisies". A more mature album than Shy'm's début, "Reflets" experimented more with electronic music. The album was released in September 2008 and débuted at #4 in France, but failed to match the success of "Mes fantaisies". Three singles were taken from the album, including #2 hit "Si tu savais". The album was written and produced by longtime Shy'm collaborators Cyril Kamar and Louis Côté.
Commercial performance.
On the week ending October 4, 2008, the album débuted at #4 on the official French album chart, becoming Shy'm's highest peaking album at the time (it was later surpassed by 2012's "Caméléon"). However, it spent only five further weeks in the top 40 and only twenty nine weeks in the top 200. The album was considered a commercial disappointment, but eventually was certified Gold, for sales of 50,000 units.
Singles.
Three singles were taken from the album, although only "Si tu savais" was released on CD. The first single from the album was "La première fois", which saw Shy'm move in a more electronic pop direction than before. "La première fois" was not eligible to chart on the official French singles chart, due to not having a CD release. Though not released on CD, the song charted at #15 on the French digital chart.
The second single from the album and the first released on CD was "Si tu savais". Due to having a CD release, this song was eligible to chart, and débuted at #2 on the official French singles chart. It is to date her highest peaking single, tied with 'Et alors !', which reached #2 in 2012.
The third and final single taken from the album was "Step Back" (featuring Odessa Thornhill). Released in early 2009, it was the first Shy'm single to prominently feature the English language. The single was unable to live up to the success of "Si tu savais", and became her first single not to chart on either the official or digital French charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19352922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352922" title="Rikki and the Last Days of Earth">
Rikki and the Last Days of Earth

Rikki and the Last Days of Earth (formerly Rikki and the Last Days on Earth) were a British musical group and one of the early punk groups. They are chronicled in Henrik Poulsen's book . Billboard (magazine) credits them with paving the way for '80s new romantic acts.
History.
The band was formed in November 1976 by Rikki Sylvan (whose real name was Nicholas Condron) (vocals) and Valac Van Der Veene (guitars), joined shortly afterwords by Nik Weiss (keyboards), Andy Prince (also called Andy Prinz) (bass) and a drummer called Nigel Bartle. In May 1977, Bartle was replaced by Hugh Inge-Innes Lillingston.
Although the band seemed to be working-class (a stereotypical characteristic for a punk musician), they had a middle-class (or even upper-class) upbringing. Sylvan lived in Kensington and went to public school; Prince lived with his parents in Addlestone; Weiss went to public school; and Inge-Innes Lillingstone lived in Thorpe Hall, near Tamworth, was the son of a Lieutenant Commander, and attended Eton School.
The band's official live concert debut was at "The Man In The Moon" in Chelsea, on May 28, 1977.
A single called "Oundle RocSoc" (early versions of "City Of The Damned" and "Dorian Gray") was recorded at Tin Pan Alley studio and released in May 1977. In the late summer of 1977 the band signed with DJM Records, and a new, re-recorded version of "City Of The Damned" was released as a single in November.
In January 1978, the band released the single "Loaded" (backed with a cover of the Rolling Stones' song "Street Fighting Man"). Later, in May, "Twilight Jack" was released as a single, but failed to chart. Shortly afterwords, they released their "4 Minute Warning" album, which according to one critic was "roundly ignored". While the band were recording a second album at the CBS studio in London, they were dropped by DJM and split up shortly after. Their records generally received bad reviews in the British press.
Later, Sylvan mixed Gary Numan's albums "Replicas", with Numan's previous band Tubeway Army, and "The Pleasure Principle". He also released a solo album ""The Silent Hours"", and then formed a band called 3AM with Steve Wilkin (guitar) and Derek Quinton (drums), both ex-members of Neo. Van Der Veene became a journalist, interviewing new wave icons. Prince went to work with Random Hold, but also worked with his ex-bandmate Sylvan in the 1980s.
Stylistically Rikki and the Last Days of Earth can be grouped with the earliest incarnation of Ultravox, circa their debut Ultravox! album, which was released in February 1977. Other features of the band's sound, such as dramatic Goth vocals and heavy guitars, can be stylistically linked to the Long Beach, California band T.S.O.L..
The band were managed by Frank Case.
Legacy.
According to Allmusic "when the history of the new wave finally started to get written, Rikki and the Last Days of Earth were conspicuous by their absence. No one remembered; nobody cared. Yet without them, a lot of what is now taken for granted about the early '80s might never have occurred."
Discography.
All released by DJM Records (except the second disc above).

</doc>
<doc id="19352939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352939" title="Alfred Rosenheim">
Alfred Rosenheim

Alfred Faist Rosenheim, F.A.I.A. (June 10, 1859 – September 9, 1943) was an architect born in St. Louis, Missouri and a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects. He was one of the leading architects in Los Angeles, California in the early part of the 20th Century. His major works include the H.W. Hellman Building, the Hamburger Department Store, Second Church of Christ Scientist and the Eugene W. Britt House.
Education and early career.
Rosenheim was born in St. Louis, Missouri, to German parents. After attending public schools in St. Louis, he studied in Frankfurt am Main, Germany from 1872 to 1875. When he returned from Germany, Rosenheim was a student at Washington University in St. Louis from 1876 to 1879. He next attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, from 1879 to 1881.
Rosenheim began his career as a draftsman working for Charles K. Ramsay of Boston from 1881 to 1883. In early 1884, he joined the practice of Major Francis D. Lee, then the leading architect in St. Louis. When Major Lee died in 1885, Rosenheim took over the practice. In 1894, he formed a partnership with T.C. Link and William B. Ittner that lasted until 1897. From 1897 to 1899, he worked in a partnership with his younger brother, Samuel F. Rosenheim, with Alfred working in Boston and Samuel in St. Louis. During this time, the Rosenheim firm designed Farragut Chambers, a ten-story apartment house in Washington, D.C., and various structures in Boston and Worcester, Massachusetts. In 1899, Rosenheim returned to St. Louis, where he remained until 1903.
Hellman Building.
In 1902, Rosenheim received a commission from Herman W. Hellman to design the Hellman Building, which was to be the largest steel-frame building in Los Angeles. He moved to Los Angeles in February 1903 to personally oversee its construction, which continued until November 1904. The impressive eight-story structure located in the heart of the city's new financial district established Rosenheim's reputation in the young city. "The Architect and Engineer of California" wrote that the building "universally is considered the finest architectural monument in Los Angeles," built at an unprecedented cost of $1 million. The structure was built with a full steel skeleton frame, concrete floors and metal partitions.
Other works.
Following his work on the Hellman Building, Rosenheim was hired by A. Hamburger & Sons Co., to design and oversee the construction of their gigantic Hamburger Department Store, a five-story building at the corner of Broadway and Eighth Street. The Hamburger Department Store later became the downtown May Co. Building. Additional commissions followed in Los Angeles, where Rosenheim built his practice and remained for the rest of his life.
Another landmark Los Angeles building designed by Rosenheim is the Second Church of Christ, Scientist, a large domed church built in 1907 in the West Adams district. He also designed Clune's Broadway Theater, the Majestic Theater (on the east side of Broadway between Sixth and Seventh Streets), the Chapman block (at the southeast corner of Fifth and Los Angeles streets), and the buildings occupied by the Farmers & Merchants Bank and the Security-First National Trust and Savings Bank. 
Rosenheim also designed many palatial homes for the city's wealthy, including a home for Edward L. Doheny in Beverly Hills, the Reeves residence in West Adams, the Eugene W. Britt House in West Adams, and the Judson C. Rives mansion in Westchester Place. The brick mansion he designed as his own residence in 1910, located at 1120 Westchester Place, was considered "one of the finest homes in Los Angeles."
Rosenheim's last major commission was the Hollenbeck Junior High School in 1937. The Hollenbeck school was a departure for Rosenheim, considered "modern" by many at the time. Rosenheim was reluctant to acknowledge the school as modern and wrote the following in the April 1939 issue of "The Architect and Engineer":"I do not consider the buildings particularly 'modern' although the administration and assembly hall units may possess something akin to the so-called 'contemporary' style. Personally, I do not hesitate to express the fervent hope that 'modernistic' architecture is not a permanent trend. I have a strong feeling that the bulk of modern work we see the country over has very little claim to architectural beauty. In fact I am inclined to doubt whether it can strictly be regarded as architecture. ... But whatever one chooses to call the style of my Hollenbeck School, it seemed to appeal to the Board of Education and its architect."
Arts Commission scandal and later life.
Rosenheim became a Fellow of the A.I.A. in 1889 and served as the President of its Southern California chapter. After several years serving as the Secretary of the Los Angeles Municipal Arts Commission, Rosenheim was removed following a widely publicized scandal in 1921. After the commission rejected a proposal by a jeweler to erect an ornamental clock on the sidewalk, Rosenheim offered, for a fee of $250, to prepare drawings that he could "safely guarantee" would be approved by the commission. The Rosenheim-drafted plans were then approved at a special meeting of the commission held in Rosenheim's office on a Saturday morning. Rosenheim insisted he had done nothing improper, but the City Council unanimously voted to remove him, and the local branch of the American Institute of Architects recommended a term of suspension from its ranks.
Rosenheim died of heart disease at California Hospital in 1943 at age 84. He was survived by his wife, Ruth.

</doc>
<doc id="19352947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352947" title="USNS Greenville Victory (T-AK-237)">
USNS Greenville Victory (T-AK-237)

USNS "Greenville Victory" (T-AK-237) was a "Greenville Victory"-class cargo ship, launched in 1944, that served as a commercial cargo ship during World War II. Post-war she was acquired by the U.S. Army as USAT "Greenville Victory". She was acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1950 and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) who operated her safety through the Korean War and Vietnam War campaigns. She returned home with two battle stars to her credit and was struck in 1987.
Victory built in California.
"Greenville Victory" (T-AK-237) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Los Angeles, California; 21 March 1944; launched 28 May 1944; sponsored by Miss Mary J. Vukov; and delivered to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) 8 July 1944.
World War II operations.
During the remainder of the war, "SS Greenville Victory" served as a merchant ship under charter to Sea Shipping Company of New York City.
U.S. Army service.
Following World War II, she transported cargo in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. She was transferred to the Army Transportation Service in the spring of 1948. Acquired by the Navy 1 March 1950, she was assigned to MSTS.
Korean War era service.
Manned by a civilian crew, "Greenville Victory", from 1950 to 1953, operated in the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean, carrying military cargo to French, English, and German ports; Guantanamo Bay; and the Panama Canal Zone.
Between 19 February and 9 May 1953, she sailed out of New York City to the Far East and back, loaded with ammunition for Korea. After completing a run to Europe and back, she again departed New York 9 July 1953 for the Far East. She reached Yokohama, Japan, 9 August and during the next 2 months operated in the Western Pacific Ocean, carrying ammunition to Formosa and to French forces fighting Communist Viet-Minh guerillas in French Indochina. Sailing from Yokohama 4 1953 October via San Francisco, California, she reached New York City 6 November 1953 to resume cargo runs to Europe.
Services at the world's poles.
During the next 2 years, "Greenville Victory" steamed primarily between New York City and West European ports. In June and July 1954 she sailed to the Western Mediterranean to replenish at-sea ships of the U.S. 6th Fleet. On 16 November 1955, she departed Newport, Rhode Island, for Antarctica and arrived at McMurdo Sound 16 January 1956 to provision ships of Task Force 43, as part of the Navy's Operation Deep Freeze. Departing Antarctica on 5 February 1956, and travelling via New Zealand, she arrived in New York on 28 March.
Between 1956 and 1964 "Greenville Victory" maintained a busy schedule transporting cargo to American bases scattered throughout the world. She replenished Task Force 43 on three more Antarctic deployments; and, from December to February 1956–57, 1957–38, and 1960–61, she operated in Antarctic waters. Cargo runs sent her to the Caribbean in 1958, 1960, and 1962 and to Thule, Greenland, during September and October 1958.
She also deployed with the 6th Fleet five times between June 1956 and March 1964. On two deployments in 1963 and 1964 she transited the Suez Canal, steaming to India and Pakistan.
"Greenville Victory" departed Norfolk, Virginia, 6 October 1964 to participate in the massive transatlantic trooplift exercise, "Steel Pike I." Departing Morehead City, North Carolina, 8 October, she closed the Spanish coast off Rota 19 October. For more than 2 weeks she discharged supplies and cargo in support of amphibious and shore operations. Departing Rota 7 November, she steamed via Morehead City to New York, arriving 20 November.
Vietnam War era services.
In response to American determination to protect South Vietnam from Communist forces, "Greenville Victory" departed New York 22 November 1964 for duty in the Western Pacific. Sailing via San Diego, California, she arrived Guam 24 December. During the next month she steamed to Okinawa, Korea, and Japan, carrying cargo. Arriving at Manila, Philippine Islands, on 26 January 1965, she sailed the 28th for Pearl Harbor and San Francisco, California. After reaching the U.S. West Coast on 25 February, she made a run out of San Francisco, California, to Seattle, Washington, then sailed for the U.S. Gulf Coast on 15 March, arriving New Orleans, Louisiana, on 28 March 1965.
During the next 5 months, "Greenville Victory" made cargo runs in the Atlantic out of Norfolk, Virginia, and New York. She departed New York 20 October 1965 after a voyage to Labrador and back. Steaming via Norfolk, Virginia, and Long Beach, California, she reached Yokohama, Japan, on 22 November 1965. Loaded with military cargo, she sailed for South Vietnam 30 November and arrived at Saigon 16 December. The following day she sailed via Vũng Tàu for the U.S. West Coast, arriving San Francisco 3 January 1966.
"Greenville Victory" replenished her holds with military supplies for anticommunist forces in Southeast Asia before returning to the Western Pacific. Sailing via Sasebo, Japan, she reached Bangkok, Thailand, on 13 February 1966. She sailed 22 February for South Vietnam and arrived Vũng Tàu the next day.
Having unloaded, she sailed 1 March 1966 for the U.S. West Coast to transport additional military material from the United States to Vietnam. She continued operations between the United States and the Western Pacific until transferred to the Atlantic at mid-year. In 1967 she was busy supplying NATO forces in Europe.
Post-war decommissioning and career.
On 22 March 1976 "Greenville Victory" was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration who placed her in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, James River Group, at Lee Hall, Virginia. On 26 May 1983 she was sold for scrapping. She was struck from the Navy List on 16 January 1987.
Honors and awards.
"Greenville Victory" participated in the following campaigns:
Eligible "Greenville Victory" personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19352963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352963" title="Centreville Military Railroad">
Centreville Military Railroad

The Centreville Military Railroad was a 5.5 mile spur running from the Orange and Alexandria Railroad east of Manassas Junction across Bull Run and up the south side of the Centreville Plateau. Built by the Confederate States Army between November 1861 and February 1862, it was the first exclusively military railroad. Ultimately, the Centreville Military Railroad reached a point near a modern McDonalds restaurant on Virginia State Route 28, south of the modern junction with U.S. Route 29 in Virginia.
Background.
Centreville encampment.
Gen Joseph E. Johnston faced a Federal force superior in size, while his own Confederate Army of the Potomac was spread thinly across central Fairfax County, Virginia, at Minor’s Hill, Flint Hill, Pohick, Accotink, Annandale, Munson’s Hill and Mason’s Hill. To prepare a better defensible position, he concentrated his troops on the Centreville Plateau, the high ground between Little Rocky Run and Bull Run along the western edge of Fairfax County, with his main supply base at the Manassas Junction in his rear in Prince William County, Virginia. The Centreville Plateau is located about six miles north of Manassas Junction (modern Manassas, Virginia). The Confederates built an elaborate series of connected forts and military positions, and the Confederate cavalry and advanced pickets and vedettes controlled the countryside as far east as Fairfax Courthouse. The army went into camp and built winter quarters in Centreville which were protected by strong fortifications. The logistics of supplying 40,000 Confederate troops on the front lines grew worse with wet weather in October, so they withdrew even more into Centreville. Behind the lines, warehouses were built at Manassas Junction. Chapman (Beverly) Mill in Thoroughfare Gap, at the border of Prince William and Fauquier counties, also served as a supply depot. Over one million pounds of meat were stored there in the winter of 1861-62 to feed the Confederate Army of the Potomac.
Logistics problems.
As winter approached the wagons hauling supplies from Manassas Junction up the old Centreville Road turned the roadway into muddy mire. By October 19, 1861, the Centreville Road had been planked to help alleviate this problem, but with no success. By early November, Quartermaster Major Albert Marle discovered that the ox teams being used to haul the wagons were eating too much fodder to make the logistics operation practical.
Construction.
The idea of building a railroad, using spare and captured parts, became a viable option to ox carts and wagon teams on the muddy Centreville Road. However, on November 7, 1861, the Orange and Alexandria Railroad (O&ARR) disapproved a request to using any of their rails to build such a line. Private McClellan of the 9th Alabama Infantry Regiment commented in his diary on November 23 that 50,000 men were working on a six mile railroad in shifts of six hours per day, causing them to have no time for working on winter huts. By November 30, 1861 newspaper articles reported two months would be necessary to build the planned railroad.
Construction began in December from the O&ARR tracks at Manassas Junction. On December 14, 1861, the newspapers reported that the new line was fully surveyed, was being leveled and that the line would run four miles to Bull Run and then two miles beyond that to the rear of the army. The rails, by order of Captain Thomas R. Sharp, were brought in from warehouses where they were being held in storage in Winchester, Virginia by wagon down to Strasburg, Virginia, and then by rail car to the Manassas Junction. "It is no mystery that the iron for the track came from the South's one unfailing source of supply in 1861, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad." A deserter from the 6th Louisiana Infantry, who left Centreville on January 7, 1862 reported that 300 men were working on the railroad project. The Pinkerton National Detective Agency confirmed on January 27, 1862, based on the report of a deserter that the railroad construction was in progress.
By February 5, 1862 the construction was still proceeding, but no ballast was being used, as is typically needed for drainage and stability of rail beds, and the ties were being spaced a twice the normal spread. It is estimated that the railroad was probably not finished before the first week of February, 1862, but was in successful operation as early as February 17, 1862.
Design.
The rail line designed used long lazy-S curves, paralleling west along the old Centreville Road. It ran four miles, crossing Liberia Plantation, then across a new special trestle bridge constructed on Bull Run. It ran another one and a half miles north of Bull Run and finished in a terminus on level fields at Mertoff Farm. The gauge is presumed to be 4 foot 8 inch, matching the O&ARR and Manassas Gap Railroad, which it spurred from, and used T-rail acquired from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad during raids.
Operation.
Trains, pressed into service from the Orange and Alexandria Railroad ran on the line from Manassas Junction from about the second week of February, 1862 until March 11, 1862 when Confederate forces withdrew southward.
Supply operations begin.
While the railroad was exclusively designed only for resupply of the army, on a temporary and light track, an issue soon arose about the transportation of heavier loads of sick soldiers. Initially the locomotives used were under-powered for hauling large loads of sick soldiers and General Johnston did not allow use of the trains for transporting the sick. Later, larger locomotives were brought in and Johnston changed his mind, allowing evacuations of the sick south to the large Confederate hospital located in Charlottesville, Virginia. The Orange and Alexandria Railroad company disagreed with Johnston’s decision and actions, but were over-ridden by order of Johnston to Major Barber to transport the sick all the way to Charlottesville.
On March 1, 1862 Major Barber issued orders to Captain Thomas Sharp regulating the operations of the railroad, specifying the types of loading for sick, for lady passengers, supplies, baggage, and requiring daily reports.
Federal reaction.
Federal soldiers examining the earthworks from a distance came to believe the defenses at Centreville were virtually impregnable. The Confederate defense line along Bull Run appeared too strong to Major General George B. McClellan, the Federal officer charged with the responsibility of capturing Richmond after Major General Irvin McDowell had failed in July, 1861. McClellan identified another route to Richmond that would bypass the Bull Run defenses - sail the Union Army down the Potomac River to Fortress Monroe, then march up the Peninsula past Williamsburg to Richmond.
Operations end.
The operation of the railroad was very short lived, as General Johnston decided on March 9, 1862 to abandon his defensive positions on the Centreville Plateau and move south of the Rappahannock River to counter Major General McClellan’s movements to Hampton Roads, Virginia. On March 11, 1862, the Confederates quickly abandoned their positions, tore up as much track as possible, leaving much of the rail lying in place, and destroyed the trestle bridge across Bull Run. Federal troops entered and occupied the area on that same day and decided to rip up and "use the slightly worn rails for repairs elsewhere in Virginia."
Aftermath.
On May 7, 1862, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&ORR) began trying to recover property from the abandoned rail line after making an inspection trip on April 30. The B&ORR claimed that their rails were uniquely identifiable, and knew they had been stolen during Virginia Militia and Confederate operations as part of the Great Train Raid of 1861. However the Federal quartermaster made a decision on May 20 to take 6.5 miles of inventoried and captured Confederate rail from this railroad and use it on other needed Union Army rail projects. The following day, B&ORR President John W. Garrett send a letter of protest regarding the intended Federal re-use, having found out that the Union Army planned to use the rails to repair the Manassas Gap Railroad for help in resupplying Major General Nathaniel Prentice Banks in the Shenandoah Valley.
Quickly taking action, the B&ORR provided a full report with a detailed description of their property on May 24. The Union Army replied on June 7 that it intended to keep and use the rails, and President Garrett again responded on June 9 that he absolutely needed the rails for the more serious need of repairing the B&O rail line to restore services there, which were more vital to overall Union Army needs. The Union Army finally complied with Garrett’s request and by the end of July 1862 the rails of the Centreville Military Railroad were all returned to the original rightful owners, the B&O Railroad.
"Once its rails were removed virtually all traces of the world's first military railroad were speedily obliterated by undergrowth. For all but a very few its brief existence was soon forgotten."

</doc>
<doc id="19352966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352966" title="Alberto Zapata">
Alberto Zapata

Alberto Zapata (born 28 February 1979 in Panama City) is a professional football forward who currently plays for SD Atlético Nacional of the Liga Nacional de Ascenso, Panama´s second tier level.
International career.
Zapata has made 11 appearances for the full Panama national football team, including two qualifying matches for the 2002 FIFA World Cup and four qualifying matches for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. His debut was a friendly against Venezuela on June 21, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19352974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352974" title="Balablok">
Balablok

Balablok is a 1972 animated short written and directed by Břetislav Pojar exploring the human propensity for resorting to violence over reason. Produced by René Jodoin for the National Film Board of Canada, the 7 min 27 sec film received the 1973 Grand Prix du Festival for Short Film at the Cannes Film Festival.
The film was produced at a cost of C$37,000, utilizing cutout animation.

</doc>
<doc id="19352982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352982" title="91.7 FM">
91.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 91.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 219)
In Mexico
In "New Zealand"
In the United States (Channel 219)

</doc>
<doc id="19352984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352984" title="91.9 FM">
91.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 91.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 220)
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 220)

</doc>
<doc id="19352987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352987" title="92.1 FM">
92.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 92.1 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19352990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352990" title="92.3 FM">
92.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 92.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 222)
In Mexico
In Philippines
In the United States (Channel 222)

</doc>
<doc id="19352993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352993" title="92.5 FM">
92.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 92.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In New Zealand
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19352995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352995" title="92.7 FM">
92.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 92.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In China
In India
In South Africa
In Turkey
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19352998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352998" title="92.9 FM">
92.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 92.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Malaysia
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19352999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19352999" title="Canalside Rail Trail">
Canalside Rail Trail

The Canalside Rail Trail is a trail, partially on old railroad beds, from East Deerfield, Massachusetts, to Turners Falls, town of Montague, Massachusetts. A short portion of the trail runs along town streets, but the majority is on a paved trail from which motor vehicles are prohibited. The northern terminus is Unity Park, on Barton's Cove, in Turners Falls. The trail was completed in Spring 2008. The southernmost portion crosses the Connecticut River on the Canalside Rail Trail Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19353000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353000" title="93.1 FM">
93.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 93.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353005" title="93.3 FM">
93.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 93.3 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353006" title="93.5 FM">
93.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 93.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353008" title="93.9 FM">
93.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 93.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353010" title="94.1 FM">
94.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 94.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 231)
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 231)
In Venezuela

</doc>
<doc id="19353011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353011" title="94.3 FM">
94.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 94.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In India
In the United States
In the United Kingdom

</doc>
<doc id="19353012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353012" title="94.5 FM">
94.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 94.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In South Africa
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353013" title="Religion (journal)">
Religion (journal)

Religion is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Religious Studies. It was founded in 1971, with close ties to the Religious Studies program at the University of Lancaster. That program was founded and chaired by Ninian Smart, and he served as the Chairman of the first editorial board. Four companies have published the journal over the years: Oriel Press (1971–72), Routledge & Kegan Paul (1973–80), Academic Press (1981–2000), Elsevier (2001–2010), and currently Routledge.
"Religion" publishes academic work on all issues of Religious Studies, including the history, literature, thought, practise, material culture, and institutions of particular religious traditions from a variety of perspectives such as social scientific, humanistic, cognitive, economical, geographical, etc. (but excluding work that falls purely within the areas of theology or philosophy of religion). The journal has European and North-American editors (currently Michael Stausberg and Steven Engler) and a multi-national Editorial Board.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted in:
Arts & Humanities Citation Index, ATLA (American Theological Library Association), International Bibliography of the Social Sciences, Dietrich's Index Philosophicus, Academic Search, Current Abstracts, Humanities International Index, New Testament Abstracts, Old Testament Abstracts, SocINDEX, TOC Premier, SCOPUS, Gale, Humanities Index, Russian Academy of Sciences Bibliographies, ProQuest, Current Contents. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353015" title="94.7 FM">
94.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 94.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Ireland
In Mexico
In South Africa
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353017" title="94.9 FM">
94.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 94.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 235)
In Ireland
In the United Kingdom
In the United States (Channel 235)

</doc>
<doc id="19353018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353018" title="Convenience Valet">
Convenience Valet

Convenience Valet, based in Melrose Park, Illinois, USA, is a provider of blister packed health and beauty products, over-the-counter medications, automotive, and general merchandise items.
History.
Incorporated in 1955 by Harold Baum under the name Mechanical Servants, Inc., the company originally focused on manufacturing mechanical vending machines and providing the products to be sold. In the late 1980s, the company shifted its focus from vending to traditional retail outlets by changing its packaging, and offering its products in a blister packed format. 
As the company grew it offered OTC drugs, health & beauty care products, personal care items, toys, and general merchandise. Mechanical Servants expanded from bowling centers and travel plazas to airports, hotels and cruise ships.
In 1995, Mechanical Servants began testing its merchandising methods in convenience stores. Within two years, Mechanical Servants founded Convenience Valet, a division of its parent company specializing in convenience store retail product lines. The line offered color-coded cards, by category, for easy merchandising. Convenience Valet specialized in convenience stores, but added grocery in 1998 and drug in 2000, while the Mechanical Servants travel division focused on the company's airport, hotel and cruise ship customers. By 2002, Mechanical Servants had outgrown its original facility on Chicago's North Side and moved into a facility in Melrose Park, IL in April 2001. By 2004, Mechanical Servants' growth had continued and they once again expanded their services focusing on category management and merchandising services.
New identity.
In 2008, Convenience Valet's brand name and remarketing initiative forced Mechanical Servants to restructure and operate simply under the Convenience Valet imprint. Convenience Valet's distribution customers include McLane Company, Rite Aid, GSC Enterprises, Inc., Core-Mark, Costco Business Center, Ulta, SuperValu and GNC, while Mechanical Servants' travel customers include Marriott Hotels, Host Marriott Services, Wynn Las Vegas & Wynn Macau, MGM Grand Inc. (New York-New York Hotel & Casino, MGM Grand Las Vegas, MGM Grand Detroit, MGM Mirage), The Venetian Las Vegas and Macao, The Bellagio, Hudson Group, and The Paradies Shops.
Children's Miracle Network Hospitals.
In 2013, Convenience Valet announced their partnership with Children's Miracle Network Hospitals which officially began January 1, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19353023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353023" title="95.1 FM">
95.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 95.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Ireland
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353026" title="P. S. Ramamohan Rao">
P. S. Ramamohan Rao

P. S. Ramamohan Rao (born 1934) is an Indian politician and former civil servant. He served as the Governor of Tamil Nadu from 2002 to 2004. He is a retired Director General of Police of Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="19353027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353027" title="95.3 FM">
95.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 95.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In Serbia
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353029" title="95.5 FM">
95.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 95.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Colombia
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 238)

</doc>
<doc id="19353030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353030" title="95.7 FM">
95.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 95.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353031" title="95.9 FM">
95.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 95.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Ireland
In South Africa
In the United States (Channel 240)

</doc>
<doc id="19353032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353032" title="96.1 FM">
96.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 96.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Ireland
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353033" title="96.5 FM">
96.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 96.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353035" title="96.7 FM">
96.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 96.7 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353039" title="96.9 FM">
96.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 96.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 245)
In Guatemala (Channel 23)
In Mexico
In the United Kingdom
In the United States (Channel 245)

</doc>
<doc id="19353041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353041" title="97.5 FM">
97.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 97.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United Kingdom
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353042" title="97.7 FM">
97.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 97.7 MHz:
In Australia
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353046" title="97.9 FM">
97.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 97.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353047" title="98.1 FM">
98.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 98.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Ireland
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353050" title="98.3 FM">
98.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 98.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Ireland
In Mexico
In Taiwan
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353052" title="98.5 FM">
98.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 98.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 253)
In Guatemala (Channel 27)
In Mexico
In the United Kingdom
In the United States (Channel 253)

</doc>
<doc id="19353055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353055" title="98.9 FM">
98.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 98.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States
In Portugal

</doc>
<doc id="19353058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353058" title="99.1 FM">
99.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 99.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Mexico
In the Philippines
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353061" title="99.3 FM">
99.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 99.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 257)
In China
In Guatemala (Channel 29)
In Malaysia
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 257)

</doc>
<doc id="19353062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353062" title="99.5 FM">
99.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 99.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353064" title="99.7 FM">
99.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 99.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 259)
In Kuwait
In Mexico
In Taiwan
In the United States (Channel 259)

</doc>
<doc id="19353066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353066" title="99.9 FM">
99.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 99.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In Taiwan
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353067" title="100.1 FM">
100.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 100.1 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353068" title="100.3 FM">
100.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 100.3 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353075" title="100.5 FM">
100.5 FM

100.5 FM may refer to one of many FM radio stations:

</doc>
<doc id="19353077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353077" title="100.7 FM">
100.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 100.7 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353079" title="100.9 FM">
100.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 100.9 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353080" title="101.3 FM">
101.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 101.3 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353081" title="Poppa Neutrino">
Poppa Neutrino

Poppa Neutrino, born William David Pearlman, (October 15, 1933, Fresno, California – January 23, 2011, New Orleans, Louisiana) was a musician, raft builder and "free spirit" who lived his life outside of expected norms. He has been called a modern primitive, a nomad, a permanent dropout, raftbuilder and musician.
Biography.
Inspired by a documentary he saw when he was twelve years old, in which Australian aborigines periodically burnt their homes and walked away naked, free to start a new life, he taught "triadic thinking" and empowerment to people trapped by the concept of job and rent. Thus Poppa Neutrino built his own homes out of discarded materials on free space (public waterways) and supported himself as a street musician. He changed his name at the age of 52 after surviving a severe illness.
Neutrino built several rafts out of donated and recycled materials on which he lived and sailed. In 1997-98 Poppa Neutrino sailed one of his homemade junk rafts, "Son of Town Hall", from North America to Europe, becoming the second person to sail a raft across the Atlantic and the first to do so on a raft made from trash. Betsy Terrell, his wife, was the captain and navigator on the crossing.
In 2008 Poppa Neutrino moved to Burlington, Vermont to build another raft, this time on Lake Champlain. In 2010, he planned a circumnavigation of the globe, leaving Burlington, Vermont to head first south to Florida with three sailors and their three dogs aboard a new craft, a 37 foot trimaran complete with two outboards, a heated pilot house and four cabins. However, on November 9 their raft was driven onto rocks on Thompson's Point, Charlotte, Vermont. Poppa Neutrino and his fellow rafters were rescued from Lake Champlain. 
Neutrino died on January 23, 2011, in a hospital in New Orleans, Louisiana, of heart failure. Neutrino's jazz funeral was attended by dozens wearing bright costumes. 
Married "several times" he had four children, as well as step- and adopted children.
Books and films about his life.
Poppa Neutrino's life and travels have been the subject of articles and books, including two by Alec Wilkinson and a documentary film. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353084" title="101.5 FM">
101.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 101.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353085" title="101.9 FM">
101.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 101.9 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353086" title="102.3 FM">
102.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 102.3 MHz:
In France
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353089" title="102.5 FM">
102.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 102.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353092" title="102.9 FM">
102.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 102.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353096" title="104.5 FM">
104.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 104.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In South Africa
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353098" title="104.3 FM">
104.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 104.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Dominican Republic
In Canada
In Mexico
In The Philippines
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353099" title="103.7 FM">
103.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 103.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 279)
In Ireland
In Mexico
In Russia
In the United Kingdom
In the United States (Channel 279)

</doc>
<doc id="19353100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353100" title="104.1 FM">
104.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 104.1 MHz:
In Argentina
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353101" title="103.1 FM">
103.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 103.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353106" title="103.3 FM">
103.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 103.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In England
In Ireland
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353109" title="105.1 FM">
105.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 105.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 286)
In Costa Rica
In Mexico
In United States (Channel 286)

</doc>
<doc id="19353111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353111" title="104.9 FM">
104.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 104.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Colombia
In Mexico
In the Philippines
In the United Kingdom
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353112" title="104.7 FM">
104.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 104.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United Kingdom
In United States
In Macedonia

</doc>
<doc id="19353122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353122" title="107.9 FM">
107.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 107.9 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 300)
In Mexico
In the United Kingdom
In United States (Channel 300)

</doc>
<doc id="19353123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353123" title="107.3 FM">
107.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 107.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In China
In Mexico
In United Kingdom
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353124" title="107.5 FM">
107.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 107.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353126" title="107.7 FM">
107.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 107.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In France
In Mexico
In Taiwan
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353129" title="107.1 FM">
107.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 107.1 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353130" title="106.9 FM">
106.9 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 106.9 MHz:
In the United Kingdom
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353132" title="106.5 FM">
106.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 106.5 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Turkey
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353134" title="106.7 FM">
106.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 106.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In Mexico
In Palestine
In Philippines
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353135" title="Michigan State University Federal Credit Union">
Michigan State University Federal Credit Union

Michigan State University Federal Credit Union or MSUFCU, headquartered in East Lansing, Michigan, is the largest university-based credit union in the world in membership and asset size. MSUFCU is a federal credit union chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). A variety of financial products and services are provided by MSUFCU including deposit accounts, personal and business loans, investments and insurance. MSUFCU is owned and operated by members of the Michigan State and Oakland University communities. As of July 2013, MSUFCU has twelve branches, a membership of more than 175,000, and over $2.4 billion in assets.
MSUFCU has been awarded the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) Top 25 Medium Sized Companies to Work For in 2006 and 2007, and currently staffs over 515 employees. The credit union was also awarded the Lansing Regional Chamber of Commerce Economic Development Award in 2008, was chosen in 2008 as one of Michigan's Next Great Companies by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, and was named one of the Principal 10 Best Companies for Employee Financial Security by the Principal Financial Group in 2003.
History.
On November 15, 1937, a petition for state charter was approved for the Michigan State College Employees Credit Union (MSCECU). MSCECU was located in the Administration Building at the Michigan State College of Agriculture and Applied Science (later, Michigan State University) and was operated out of a single desk drawer. At that time, the credit union had $3,000 in assets and 74 members.
In 1955 the State of Michigan renamed Michigan State College as Michigan State University, and MSCECU adjusted its name accordingly to Michigan State Employees Credit Union. The credit union moved to the Power House Plant on MSU’s campus the following year and continued to move around campus as its membership and assets increased.
An additional credit union branch was opened in Oakland County, Michigan in 1967 to better serve members at the nearby MSU-Oakland University. Four years later, in 1971, the credit union relocated its main office to 600 East Crescent Road in East Lansing, Michigan.
In 1978 the NCUA approved the credit union’s application for federal charter (Charter number 23279), and its name was changed to MSU Federal Credit Union. By that time, MSUFCU had grown to $40 million in assets and 29,244 members.
A branch in Okemos, Michigan was added in 1983 and was later relocated to its current location in 2003. Additional branches were also constructed in East Lansing in 1987 and on the west side of Lansing in 2003. A branch in south Lansing opened in 2005, and in the MSU Union Building on MSU’s campus shortly thereafter.
MSUFCU continues to expand, having completed construction on a brand new headquarters building in northern East Lansing in 2009. The building was constructed using green building standards and received a gold Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification. The credit union opened an additional branch in downtown Lansing in April 2011.
A new branch was built on the south side of the MSU campus in March 2012, followed by a branch on Marsh Road in Bath Township in September 2012. In November 2012 the merger of MSUFCU and Eaton County Educational Credit Union was announced, effective April 2013. A branch within the Sparrow Hospital Professional Building in Lansing opened in January 2013. Construction began on a Mason branch in July 2013.
Membership.
As is dictated by MSUFCU’s charter, membership at the credit union is limited to the following groups of individuals:
Faculty, staff and students of Michigan State University or Oakland University and their immediate relatives.
Michigan State University or Oakland University Alumni Association members. Anyone is able to join either alumni association and then become eligible for MSUFCU membership.
Those who regularly work on the Michigan State University or Oakland University campuses who are under the control of the MSU Board of Trustees or the governing body of Oakland University.
Employees of select groups or associations as determined by MSUFCU’s Board of Directors.
Immediate family members of the aforementioned eligible fields (spouse, sister, brother, parent or child).
Any individual living in the household of the above eligible fields making up an economic unit.
All members are required to pay a $1, one-time membership fee and maintain a $5 balance in a Spartan Saver deposit account. This fee and deposit represent each member’s ownership of MSUFCU.
Services.
MSUFCU offers products and services including various savings accounts, checking accounts, certificates, Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs), personal loans, mortgages, Visa lines-of-credit, and business accounts and loans.
MSUFCU teamed up with Members Home & Auto Insurance in 2007 to provide home, auto and renter’s insurance to members.
MSUFCU members can perform transactions free-of-charge in person at MSUFCU’s twelve branch locations, 100 MSUFCU-owned ATMs in the Greater Lansing area or at over 30,000 CO-OP Network ATMs nationwide. Live telephone assistance is available Monday – Saturday, and 24 hour account access is available on MSUFCU’s website (https://www.msufcu.org/) using ComputerLine, via the free, automated MoneyLine telephone service, and through mobile banking.

</doc>
<doc id="19353136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353136" title="105.3 FM">
105.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 105.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 287)
In Guatemala (Channel 44)
In Mexico
In the United States (Channel 287)

</doc>
<doc id="19353137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353137" title="105.7 FM">
105.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 105.7 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada
In China
In Mexico
In Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
In the United Kingdom
In United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353138" title="106.1 FM">
106.1 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 106.1 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353139" title="1979 Australian Drivers' Championship">
1979 Australian Drivers' Championship

A 1979 Australian Drivers' Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Australian Formula 1 racing cars. The championship winner was awarded the 1979 CAMS Gold Star. The title was contested over a three round series with one race per round.
Championship points were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis to the first six placegetters in each race.

</doc>
<doc id="19353140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353140" title="Turnpike Diaries">
Turnpike Diaries

Turnpike Diaries is the second album by the Norwegian band The Getaway People. It was originally scheduled to be released in June 2000, but ultimately was not released until July 18 of the same year. The album's first song, Six Pacs, was used as the theme song for the TV series "Young Americans".

</doc>
<doc id="19353146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353146" title="105.5 FM">
105.5 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 105.5 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353148" title="106.3 FM">
106.3 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 106.3 MHz:
In Australia
In Canada (Channel 292)
In Mexico
In United Kingdom
In United States (Channel 292)

</doc>
<doc id="19353150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353150" title="87.7 FM">
87.7 FM

The following radio stations broadcast on FM frequency 87.7 MHz:
United Kingdom.
87.7 MHz is commonly used for stations operating under the Restricted Service Licence, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19353152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353152" title="530 AM">
530 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 530 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353154" title="590 AM">
590 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 590 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353155" title="570 AM">
570 AM

570 AM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19353156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353156" title="560 AM">
560 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 560 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission categorizes 560 AM as a regional frequency; the maximum power for any station on this frequency is 5,000 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="19353157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353157" title="580 AM">
580 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 580 kHz: 580 AM is classified as a regional broadcast frequency by the Federal Communications Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19353159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353159" title="610 AM">
610 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 610 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 610 AM as a regional broadcast frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353160" title="640 AM">
640 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 640 kHz: 640 AM is a U.S. clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353161" title="660 AM">
660 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 660 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353164" title="540 AM">
540 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 540 kHz: 540 AM is a Canadian and Mexican clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353166" title="620 AM">
620 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 620 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353168" title="630 AM">
630 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 630 kHz: 630 AM is a regional U.S. broadcast frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353169" title="650 AM">
650 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 650 kHz: 650 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353171" title="670 AM">
670 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 670 kHz: 670 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353173" title="690 AM">
690 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 690 kHz: 690 AM is a Canadian and Mexican clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353174" title="700 AM">
700 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 700 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353175" title="710 AM">
710 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 710 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353177" title="720 AM">
720 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 720 kHz: 720 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353178" title="South Parkdale railway station">
South Parkdale railway station

The South Parkdale railway station was a passenger rail station on the Grand Trunk Railway in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was located at Jameson Avenue and Springhurst Avenue in the former village of Parkdale. It was demolished in 1911 as part of a grade separation engineering project.
History.
The Grand Trunk Railway had built rail lines along the Toronto waterfront in 1850. A South Parkdale station was built in the 1870s to serve the growing Parkdale area of the then York Township, opening in 1879. It was demolished in 1911 as part of a grade separation project. The passenger rail services were moved to the Sunnyside railway station.
The grade separation project eliminated a rise to the South Parkdale area by making a cut from east of Dufferin Avenue west to west of Dowling Avenue. The rail lines to the west of the area were elevated from the previous waterfront level to make an even elevation from the Humber River east to Sunnyside, providing subways at several points to provide access to the waterfront from the north.
After the Sunnyside station was opened, the South Parkdale station was closed and temporary tracks laid to detour around the digging to proceed at the location of the existing tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19353179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353179" title="680 AM">
680 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 680 kHz:
In Argentina.
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353180" title="550 AM">
550 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 550 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 550 AM as a regional frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353183" title="830 AM">
830 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 830 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353184" title="2000 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
2000 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 2000 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama in the 2000 college football season. The team was led by head coach Mike DuBose, who was coaching his final season at the program. The Crimson Tide, also known informally as the Tide, played their home games at Bryant–Denny Stadium, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and Legion Field, in Birmingham, Alabama.
The team entered the season trying to build upon a 10–3 record from their 1999 season, which included a 34–7 victory in the SEC Championship over the Florida Gators. The 2000 team would not have the same success. Despite a preseason #3 ranking they eventually finished with a 3–8 record (3–5 in the SEC). The 2000 season was filled with several close losses. A 30–28 loss to LSU was Tide's first loss to LSU in Baton Rouge in 31 years, ending a 14–0–1 streak Alabama had posted there since 1969. A 9–0 defeat at the hands of in-state rival Auburn came on a cold and rainy afternoon and marked the first Iron Bowl played in Tuscaloosa since 1901.
Alabama failed to beat any out-of-conference teams, and became the first team from a BCS conference to lose to Central Florida, losing 40–38 at home due to a last-second field goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19353185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353185" title="730 AM">
730 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 730 kHz: 730 AM is a Canadian and Mexican clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353186" title="740 AM">
740 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 740 kHz: 740 AM is a Canadian clear-channel frequency; CFZM in Toronto, Ontario, Canada is the dominant Class A, clear-channel station on 740 AM.
In Mexico.
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353188" title="760 AM">
760 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 760 kHz: WJR in Detroit, Michigan is the only class A station in North America broadcasting on 760 AM; 760 AM is a U.S. clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353190" title="770 AM">
770 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 770 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353192" title="780 AM">
780 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 780 kHz: There are only eight stations in the 48 United States plus one in Alaska which are authorized to broadcast on 780 AM during nighttime hours.

</doc>
<doc id="19353194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353194" title="800 AM">
800 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 800 kHz: 800 AM is a Mexican clear-channel frequency; XEROK is the dominant station on 800 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="19353197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353197" title="810 AM">
810 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 810 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353199" title="José Rodríguez (pitcher)">
José Rodríguez (pitcher)

José Ilich Rodríguez (born December 18, 1974) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Rodríguez pitched 12 games in Major League Baseball, 6 in 2000 for the St. Louis Cardinals and 6 in 2002 for the Cardinals and Minnesota Twins.
Rodríguez last played professionally with the Newark Bears of the Atlantic League in 2007. Rodríguez signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians in November 2008, but never played in their organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19353202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353202" title="840 AM">
840 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 840 kHz: WHAS in Louisville, Kentucky is the dominant clear-channel station on 840 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="19353206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353206" title="860 AM">
860 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 860 kHz: CJBC is the dominant clear-channel station on 860 AM in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19353219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353219" title="850 AM">
850 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 850 kHz: 850 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353220" title="820 AM">
820 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 820 kHz:
In Mexico.
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353223" title="870 AM">
870 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 870 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353225" title="880 AM">
880 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 880 kHz: 880 AM is classified as a North American clear-channel frequency by the Federal Communications Commission; WCBS (AM) in New York City is the dominant station on 880 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="19353226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353226" title="900 AM">
900 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 900 kHz: 900 AM is a Mexican clear channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353230" title="890 AM">
890 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 890 kHz: WLS in Chicago is the dominant North American station on 890 AM, and is also the only station on that frequency to broadcast with 50,000 watts during nighttime hours. 20 stations in the United States broadcast on 890 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="19353234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353234" title="910 AM">
910 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 910 kHz: 910 AM is a regional broadcast frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353236" title="920 AM">
920 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 920 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353239" title="930 AM">
930 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 930 kHz: As classified by the FCC and the CRTC, 930 AM is a regional broadcast frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353240" title="940 AM">
940 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 940 kHz: 940 AM is a Canadian and Mexican clear channel frequency; XEQ, Mexico City is the dominant clear channel station on this frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353242" title="950 AM">
950 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 950 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission categorizes 950 AM as a regional frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353245" title="960 AM">
960 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 960 kHz: The FCC classifies 960 AM as a regional frequency. CFAC is the only station in Canada and the United States on 960 AM which broadcasts with more than 10,000 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="19353247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353247" title="970 AM">
970 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 970 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353249" title="980 AM">
980 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 980 kHz: 980 AM is classified as a regional broadcast frequency by the FCC and the CRTC.

</doc>
<doc id="19353251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353251" title="990 AM">
990 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 990 kHz: 990 AM is a Canadian clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353253" title="1000 AM">
1000 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1000 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353255" title="1010 AM">
1010 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1010 kHz: 1010 AM is a Canadian clear-channel frequency; CFRB, Toronto, Ontario and CBR, Calgary, Alberta are both Class A, 50,000 watt stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19353256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353256" title="1030 AM">
1030 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1030 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353258" title="1040 AM">
1040 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1040 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353259" title="1050 AM">
1050 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1050 kHz: 1050 AM is a Mexican and Canadian clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353262" title="1060 AM">
1060 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1060 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353264" title="1070 AM">
1070 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1070 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 1070 AM as a North American clear-channel frequency. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353267" title="1080 AM">
1080 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1080 kHz: 1080 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353269" title="1090 AM">
1090 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1090 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353272" title="1100 AM">
1100 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1100 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353274" title="1120 AM">
1120 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1120 kHz: 1120 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency. KMOX AM is the dominant station on 1120 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="19353276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353276" title="1130 AM">
1130 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1130 kHz: 1130 AM is a clear-channel frequency shared by Canada and The United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19353277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353277" title="1140 AM">
1140 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1140 kHz: 1140 AM is a Mexican and United States clear-channel frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19353280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353280" title="1150 AM">
1150 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1150 kHz: 1150 AM is a Regional broadcast frequency, according to the FCC and CRTC.

</doc>
<doc id="19353281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353281" title="1160 AM">
1160 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1160 kHz: KSL (AM) in Salt Lake City, Utah is the dominant Class A station on 1160 AM, a United States clear-channel frequency, according to the FCC.

</doc>
<doc id="19353283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353283" title="Peter Cransberg">
Peter Cransberg

Peter Cransberg (born 29 July 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s. 
Cransberg was picked up by Essendon from East Perth with pick 39 in the 1989 VFL Draft. He played on a half forward flank in the 1990 Grand Final but finished on the losing team. Cransberg struggled at times to keep his place in the strong Essendon side, often due to injury, and spent much of his career in the reserves. He did manage to play in a couple of Essendon Night Premierships.
His brother, Alan Cransberg, is the current chairman of the West Coast Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="19353284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353284" title="1170 AM">
1170 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1170 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353286" title="1190 AM">
1190 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1190 kHz:
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19353288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353288" title="1200 AM">
1200 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1200 kHz: 1200 AM is classified by the Federal Communications Commission as a clear-channel frequency; WOAI in San Antonio, Texas is the dominant Class A station.

</doc>
<doc id="19353291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353291" title="1180 AM">
1180 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1180 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19353300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353300" title="List of Brooklyn Nets head coaches">
List of Brooklyn Nets head coaches

The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team based in Brooklyn, New York. They are a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team plays its home games at the Barclays Center. The franchise was founded as the New Jersey Americans in 1967, and was one of the eleven original American Basketball Association (ABA) teams. In its second ABA season, Arthur Brown, the team owner, moved the team to Long Island and renamed it the New York Nets. The team won ABA championships in 1974 and 1976. When the ABA merged with the NBA in 1976, the Nets were one of four ABA teams admitted into the NBA. The team was moved to the Rutgers Athletic Center in New Jersey; after the 1976–77 NBA season, the team was renamed the New Jersey Nets. Since they joined the NBA, the Nets have won 4 divisional championships, 2 conference championships and appeared in the playoffs 16 times. The Nets moved to Brooklyn in 2012, and now play as the Brooklyn Nets.
There have been 22 head coaches for the Nets franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Max Zaslofsky, who led the team for two seasons. Kevin Loughery is the only Nets coach to have led the team to a championship; the Nets won ABA championships in 1974 and 1976 during his tenure. Loughery is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (615) and wins (297); Larry Brown is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season winning percentage (.576). Byron Scott is the franchise's all-time leader in playoff games coached (40) and wins (25), as well as playoff-game winning percentage (.625). Chuck Daly and Bill Fitch were selected as two of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Daly, Brown and Lou Carnesecca are the only Nets coaches to have been inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as coaches. Zaslofsky, York Larese, Lou Carnesecca, Dave Wohl, Beard, John Calipari, Lawrence Frank, Tom Barrise, and Kiki Vandeweghe spent their entire coaching careers with the Nets/Americans.
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the "

</doc>
<doc id="19353305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353305" title="When the Gods Fall Asleep">
When the Gods Fall Asleep

When the Gods Fall Asleep (original title Quando os Deuses Adormecem) is a 1972 Brazilian film by Brazilian film director José Mojica Marins. Marins is best known for the "Zé do Caixão" (Coffin Joe) film series. The film is a sequel to Marins' 1971 film "The End of Man" ("Finis Hominis"), in which the character of Finis Hominis, an influential, messianic culture figure turns out to be an escaped mental patient. Rather than the horror themes which Marins was noted for, the film, like its predecessor, is low budget black humored social satire.
In this film, Finis Hominis (after returning to the asylum) again feels the need to escape the asylum in order to put right the world's increasing social unrest that he sees in the news.
Plot.
Finis Hominis is a mental patient who is kept in an insane asylum, and is known for his occasional escapes from the institution, including the most recent episode during which Finis Hominis became a powerful world figure during the few days of his escape.
Again hospitalized, he sees in the news increasing social, religious, and political unrest in the world, and again feels the need to escape the institution to put order in the streets. He wanders through society, influencing and interfering in isolated incidents, correcting wrongs and exposing corruption primarily in a strictly accidental or coincidental manner.
There is also a parallel sub-plot regarding the impending closure of the asylum due to the cessation of funding from an anonymous benefactor.

</doc>
<doc id="19353310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353310" title="List of New York Knicks head coaches">
List of New York Knicks head coaches

The New York Knickerbockers are an American professional basketball team based in New York City. They are a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games at Madison Square Garden. The franchise's official name "Knickerbockers" came from the style of pants Dutch settlers wore when they came to America. Having joined the Basketball Association of America (BAA), the predecessor of the NBA, in 1946, the Knicks remain as one of the oldest teams in the NBA. Valued at about US$608 million, the Knicks are also the most valuable basketball franchise in the United States. During Red Holzman's tenure, the franchise won its only two NBA championships, the 1970 NBA Finals and the 1973 NBA Finals.
There have been 24 head coaches for the New York Knicks franchise. Holzman was the franchise's first Coach of the Year winner and is its all-time leader in regular-season games coached, regular-season games won, playoff games coached, and playoff games won. Holzman was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1986 as a coach. Besides Holzman, Pat Riley, Lenny Wilkens, and Larry Brown have been inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as coaches. Four coaches have been named to the list of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Neil Cohalan, Joe Lapchick, Vince Boryla, Carl Braun, Eddie Donovan and Herb Williams have spent their entire coaching careers with the Knicks. Boryla, Braun, Harry Gallatin, Dick McGuire, Willis Reed and Williams formerly played for the Knicks. The team's current general manager is Glen Grunwald and its head coach is Mike Woodson.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the .

</doc>
<doc id="19353321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353321" title="Time the Conqueror">
Time the Conqueror

Time the Conqueror is the 13th studio album by rock musician Jackson Browne. It was released on September 23, 2008, by Inside Recordings and was his first album of new material in six years. It peaked at number 2 on the Top Independent Albums chart and number 20 on The Billboard 200.
History.
The album addresses the frustration Browne has with the Bush Administration. "Where Were You" questions the administration's handling of Hurricane Katrina, while "The Drums of War" derides the U.S. Government's enthusiasm for the Iraq War. Browne also contemplates love, travel, and the way the world has changed since The 60s. The title track was number 50 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. It is also his first album to reach the top 20 on the Billboard 200 since 1983's "Lawyers in Love".
Reception.
"Rolling Stone" gave the album a generally positive review, stating that the album was "recorded in a style that evokes his recent solo acoustic work and ... leaves no need for overworked arrangements." "Mojo" commented that "six years on from his last, with a white beard grown, Browne delivers elegantly considered weight and truth." 
While praising some individual songs, "Allmusic" critic Thom Jurek remarked that Browne is "still trying to make sense of the world he wanted to live in and the one he actually does. Next time out, though, instead of worrying about his "enlightened" perspective, perhaps he should pay more attention to what made his earlier songs feel as if he actually owned one: craft." Similarly, "Uncut" says "The title song contains some lovely imagery enwrapped in one of Browne’s signature ribbons of melody, while the following 'Off Of Wonderland' is a wistful look back on the early days, but both are presented in arrangements so bland it’s shocking they passed muster".
Music critic Mark Guarino of "No Depression" called Browne "a first-rate depressive, but one who still won’t sour." and wrote that "given the anger in songs... the music doesn’t sound particularly pissed off... The ripped-from-the-headlines lyrics don’t necessarily hold up against a musical backdrop."
Track listing.
All songs by Jackson Browne unless otherwise noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353326" title="List of Cleveland Cavaliers head coaches">
List of Cleveland Cavaliers head coaches

The Cleveland Cavaliers are an American professional basketball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Cavaliers play in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team joined the NBA in 1970 as an expansion team and won their first Eastern Conference championship in 2007. The Cavaliers have played their home games at the Quicken Loans Arena, formerly known as Gund Arena, since 1994. The Cavaliers are owned by Dan Gilbert, David Katzman, and Gordon Gund, with Chris Grant as their general manager. American R&B-pop singer Usher Raymond is a minority owner.
There have been 18 head coaches for the Cavaliers franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Bill Fitch, who coached for nine seasons. Fitch is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (738); Lenny Wilkens is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season game wins (316); Mike Brown is the franchise's all-time leader for the most playoff games coached (71), the most playoff-game wins (42), and the highest regular-season winning percentage (.663). Chuck Daly and Wilkens are the only Cavaliers coaches to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Fitch and Daly were also named one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Fitch and Brown are the only Cavaliers coaches to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award. Don Delaney spent his entire NBA coaching careers with the Cavaliers.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19353333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353333" title="List of Indiana Pacers head coaches">
List of Indiana Pacers head coaches

The Indiana Pacers are an American professional basketball team based in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Pacers play in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team began playing in 1967 as a charter member of the American Basketball Association (ABA), and joined the NBA as part of the ABA-NBA merger. The team has played their home games at the Banker's Life Fieldhouse since the 1999–2000 NBA season. The Pacers are owned by Herbert and Melvin Simon, and David Morway is their general manager.
There have been 14 head coaches for the Pacers franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Larry Staverman, who coached for two seasons. Bobby Leonard is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular season games coached (985), the most regular season game wins (529), the most playoff games coached (116), and the most playoff game wins (69). Leonard is also the only coach to win an ABA championship with the Pacers, with 3 (1970, 1972, 1973). Larry Bird, who coached three seasons with the Pacers, is the Pacers' all-time leader for the highest winning percentage with .687. Bird is also the only coach to win an NBA Eastern Conference championship with the Pacers, but lost the 2000 NBA Finals against the Los Angeles Lakers. Mel Daniels is the only Pacers coach to have coached less than one season. Jack Ramsay and Larry Brown are the only Pacers' coaches to be elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Ramsay was also named one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Jack McKinney and Larry Bird have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, in and respectively, with the Pacers. Dick Versace and Bird have spent their entire NBA coaching careers with the Pacers. Frank Vogel was named interim head coach after Jim O'Brien was fired midway through the 2010–11 season.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19353340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353340" title="List of Milwaukee Bucks head coaches">
List of Milwaukee Bucks head coaches

The Milwaukee Bucks are an American professional basketball franchise based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They are a member of the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team has played their home games at the Bradley Center since 1988. The Bucks are owned by Herb Kohl, with John Hammond as their general manager.
Since the team was formed in , there have been 11 head coaches for the Bucks franchise. The franchise won its only NBA championship in the 1971 NBA Finals under the leadership of its first coach, Larry Costello. Don Nelson is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular season games coached (884), most regular season games won (540), most playoff games coached (88), the highest winning percentage in the regular season (.611), and most playoff games won (42). Nelson is also the only Bucks coach to win an NBA Coach of the Year Award and to be one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Larry Krystkowiak is the only person to have spent his entire coaching career with the Bucks. Mike Dunleavy, Krystkowiak, and Scott Skiles have played and coached for the Bucks. Skiles has been the head coach of the Bucks since 2008.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19353343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353343" title="Latécoère 32">
Latécoère 32

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 32 was a flying boat built in France in 1928 for use on Aéropostale's mail routes to North Africa.
Development.
A strengthened and enlarged version of the Latécoère 23, it was a parasol-wing monoplane with sponsons for stability in the water and two engines mounted in tandem push-pull configuration on the wing.
Operational history.
Put into service on the Marseilles-Algiers and Toulouse-Algiers routes, the aircraft proved most unreliable and were involved in a number of accidents. At the end of 1931, the five surviving examples were re-engined with Hispano Suiza 12Hbr engines and re-designated Latécoère 32-3, which persisted in service a little longer.
Eight Latécoère 32's were built with the following construction numbers ("numéros d'usine") and registrations:-

</doc>
<doc id="19353344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353344" title="List of Atlanta Hawks head coaches">
List of Atlanta Hawks head coaches

The Atlanta Hawks are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta, Georgia. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team began playing in 1946 as a member of the National Basketball League (NBL), and joined the NBA in 1949. The team has had five names since its inception; the Buffalo Bisons (1946), the Tri-Cities Blackhawks (1946–1951), the Milwaukee Hawks (1951–1955), the St. Louis Hawks (1955–1968), and the Atlanta Hawks (1968–present). The Hawks won their only NBA championship in 1958, and have not returned to the NBA Finals since 1960. The team has played its home games at the Philips Arena since 1999. The Hawks are owned by Atlanta Spirit, LLC, and Danny Ferry is their general manager.
There have been 27 head coaches for the Hawks franchise since joining the NBA. The team's first head coach while in the NBA was Roger Potter, who coached for seven games. Richie Guerin, who coached the Hawks for eight seasons, is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (618), regular-season games won (327), playoff games coached (60), and playoff games won (26). Alex Hannum is the only head coach to have won an NBA championship with the Hawks, doing so in the 1958 NBA Finals. Five Hawks coaches have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, four have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as coaches, and three were listed among the Top 10 Coaches in NBA History in 1996. Larry Drew was the latest head coach of the Hawks; he was appointed on June 13, 2010.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the . This list does not include NBL seasons."

</doc>
<doc id="19353350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353350" title="List of Orlando Magic head coaches">
List of Orlando Magic head coaches

The Orlando Magic are an American professional basketball team based in Orlando, Florida. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise was founded in 1989 as an expansion team, and has played at the Amway Center. The team is owned by Orlando Magic, Ltd., a subsidiary of RDV Sports, Inc. The team has won four division titles (1995, 1996, 2008, 2009), two conference titles (1995, 2009), but no league championships.
There have been eight former head coaches for the Magic franchise. The team's first head coach was Matt Guokas, who coached the team for 328 games over four seasons. Brian Hill is the team's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (459). Hill is also the team's all-time leader in regular-season games won (267), and he is the team's only coach to have coached during two non-consecutive periods. Stan Van Gundy was the team's coach from the beginning of the until the end of the . He is the team's all-time leader in playoff games coached (59), playoff games won (31), regular-season winning percentage (.657), and playoff winning percentage (.523). Doc Rivers is the team's only coach to have won the NBA Coach of the Year award, winning it after the 1999–2000 season. Chris Jent is the team's only head coach to have spent his entire career with the Magic.
On July 28, 2012, Jacque Vaughn was named the new head coach. He was the assistant coach for the San Antonio Spurs in the two seasons prior to his hiring. 
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .

</doc>
<doc id="19353355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353355" title="List of Washington Wizards head coaches">
List of Washington Wizards head coaches

The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C. They are a member of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team plays its home games at the Verizon Center. The franchise was established in Chicago, Illinois as the Chicago Packers in 1961; after one season, its name was changed to the Chicago Zephyrs. In 1963, the franchise moved to Baltimore, Maryland and was renamed the Baltimore Bullets. It moved to Landover, Maryland in 1973 and changed its name to the Capital Bullets. After one season, the team became the Washington Bullets. In 1978, the Bullets won the 1978 NBA Finals in seven games for the franchise's only championship. In 1997, the team became the Washington Wizards, which is the team's current name. Since their formation, the Wizards have won six divisional championships, four conference championships, one league championship and have appeared in the playoffs twenty-three times.
There have been 23 head coaches for the Wizards franchise. The franchise's first coach was Jim Pollard, who led the team for one season. Dick Motta is the only Wizards coach to have led the team to a championship; the team won the 1978 NBA Finals as the Washington Bullets during his tenure. Gene Shue is the only Wizards coach to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award; he won it twice, in 1969 and 1982. No Wizards coach has been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach, but four have been elected into the Hall of Fame as a player: Jim Pollard, Buddy Jeannette, K. C. Jones and Wes Unseld. Shue is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (1027) and wins (522); Jones is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season winning percentage (.630). Dick Motta is the franchise's all-time leader in playoff games coached (51) and wins (27), as well as playoff-game winning percentage (.529). Five Wizards coaches have spent their entire NBA head coaching career with the team: Mike Farmer, Bob Staak, Jim Brovelli, Leonard Hamilton and Ed Tapscott. Randy Wittman is the current coach.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct at the end of the .

</doc>
<doc id="19353368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353368" title="List of Los Angeles Clippers head coaches">
List of Los Angeles Clippers head coaches

The Los Angeles Clippers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Clippers joined the NBA in 1970 as an expansion team. The team has had three names since its inception: the Buffalo Braves (1970–1978), the San Diego Clippers (1978–1984), and the Los Angeles Clippers (1984–present). The Clippers are the oldest franchise in the NBA to have never reached the league finals. The team has played its home games at the Staples Center since 1999. The Clippers are owned by Donald Sterling, and Mike Dunleavy, Sr. is their general manager.
There have been 25 head coaches for the Clippers. The franchise's first head coach was Dolph Schayes, who coached for eighty-three games in two seasons. Mike Dunleavy is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (492) and regular-season games won (194). Jack Ramsay is the franchise's all-time leader in playoff games coached (22), and playoff games won (9). Ramsay, Larry Brown, Bill Fitch, and Dunleavy are the only coaches to have reached the playoffs with the Clippers. Ramsay and Fitch were also named as two of the Top 10 Coaches in NBA History in 1996. Ramsay and Brown are the only Clippers coaches to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. The most recent head coach of the Clippers is Doc Rivers.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19353373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353373" title="List of Sacramento Kings head coaches">
List of Sacramento Kings head coaches

The Sacramento Kings are an American professional basketball team based in Sacramento, California. The Kings play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team was founded as the Rochester Royals by Lester Harrison and his brother Jack Harrison in Rochester, New York in 1945. The Royals won the National Basketball League (NBL) championship during their inaugural season by defeating the Sheboygan Redskins 3–0. In 1948, the team joined the Basketball Association of America (BAA), which merged with the NBL to become the NBA a year later. The franchise won its first NBA championship in the 1951 NBA Finals under the coaching of Lester Harrison. The Harrison brothers moved the team to Cincinnati, Ohio in 1957 due to poor attendance. After spending 15 years in Cincinnati, the team was purchased by a group of businessmen from Kansas City, who moved the team to Kansas City and renamed it to the Kings in 1972. The team was briefly named the Kansas City-Omaha Kings from 1972 to 1975 when home games were split between two cities. In 1982, the franchise was bought by a Sacramento-based group and became the Sacramento Kings.
There have been 25 head coaches for the franchise since joining the NBA. Rick Adelman is the franchise's all-time leader in regular season games coached (624), regular season games won (395), playoff games coached (69), and playoff games won (34). Phil Johnson and Cotton Fitzsimmons have won NBA Coach of the Year in the and season, with the Kings respectively. Harrison, Bobby Wanzer, Ed Jucker, Bob Cousy, Draff Young, Jerry Reynolds, Reggie Theus, Kenny Natt and Mike Malone have spent their entire NBA head coaching careers with the Kings. Wanzer, Tom Marshall, Jack McMahon, Cousy, Larry Staverman, Adelman and Theus formerly played for the Kings. The Kings are currently owned by Vivek Ranadivé, with Mike Malone as the head coach.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the . The list does not include NBL seasons."

</doc>
<doc id="19353389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353389" title="List of Dallas Mavericks head coaches">
List of Dallas Mavericks head coaches

The Dallas Mavericks are an American professional basketball team based in Dallas, Texas. They play in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team joined the NBA in 1980 as an expansion team, and won their first Western Conference championship in 2006. The Mavericks have played their home games at the American Airlines Center since 2001. The Mavericks are owned by Mark Cuban, and Donnie Nelson is their general manager.
There have been nine head coaches for the Mavericks franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Dick Motta, who served for two non-consecutive stints, and coached for nine seasons with the Mavericks. Motta is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (738); Don Nelson, Donnie Nelson's father, is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season game wins (339); Avery Johnson is the franchise's all-time leader for the most playoff games coached (47), the most playoff-game wins (23), and the highest winning percentage in the regular season (.735). Nelson is also named one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Johnson led the Mavericks to the franchise's first Finals appearance in 2006, only to lose to the Miami Heat in six games. Johnson is also the only Mavericks coach to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, having won it in the . Quinn Buckner and Jim Cleamons have spent their entire NBA coaching careers with the Mavericks. None of the Mavericks coaches have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Rick Carlisle has been the head coach of the Mavericks since 2008. Carlisle led the Mavericks to the franchise's first NBA Championship in its second Finals appearance, defeating the Miami Heat in six games in the 2011 NBA Finals.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19353396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353396" title="When Easterly Showers Fall on the Sunny West">
When Easterly Showers Fall on the Sunny West

When Easterly Showers Fall on the Sunny West (Traditional Chinese: 東山飄雨西關晴) is a Hong Kong TVB period drama series broadcasting from October till December 2008. Story takes place in the early 1930s in the city of Guangzhou (China) and revolved around the rich and prestigious Poon family.
Synopsis.
Chong Fung Yi (Liza Wang) abandoned her eldest son immediately after he was born because she didn't want to be labeled as the woman who gave birth before she was even married. However, her son Muk Hing (Joe Ma) manages to find his way back to her. Due to reputation purposes, she doesn't tell anybody about his true identity. Her younger son Cheuk Wah (Raymond Wong) falls in love with Yip Heung Ching (Charmaine Sheh), but because their different status' and Fung Yi's objection, they cannot be together. However, soon enough, Heung Ching and Muk Hing find themselves more than just friends... what obstacles will await them this time?

</doc>
<doc id="19353405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353405" title="List of Portland Trail Blazers head coaches">
List of Portland Trail Blazers head coaches

The Portland Trail Blazers are an American professional basketball team based in Portland, Oregon. The Trail Blazers play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise entered the NBA in 1970. The Trail Blazers sold out 814 consecutive home games from through , the longest such streak in American professional sports. The team has played their home games at the Rose Garden Arena since the 1995–96 NBA season. The Trail Blazers are owned by Paul Allen, and Neil Olshey is their general manager.
There have been 14 head coaches for the Trail Blazers franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Rolland Todd, who coached for two seasons. Jack Ramsay is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular season games coached (820), and the most regular season game wins (453). Rick Adelman is the franchise's all-time leader for the highest winning percentage in the regular season (.654), playoff games coached (69), and most playoff game wins (36). Ramsay is the only coach to win an NBA championship with the Trail Blazers, in the 1977 NBA Finals. Ramsay and Lenny Wilkens are the only Trail Blazers coaches to be elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame, and were both named one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Mike Schuler and Mike Dunleavy have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, in and respectively, with the Trail Blazers. Todd, Stu Inman, Jack McCloskey, and Pritchard have spent their entire NBA coaching careers with the Trail Blazers. Kaleb Canales was named interim coach of the Trail Blazers toward the end of the season. Terry Stotts was named as head coach on August 7, 2012. The announcement was made by General Manager Neil Olshey. At this time, his NBA coaching record was 115-168.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="19353451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353451" title="Penrith City SC">
Penrith City SC

Penrith City SC is a defunct Australian football (soccer) club that was based in Penrith, New South Wales. The club, founded in 1984, was an offshoot of the Penrith Panthers rugby league club, participating in the National Soccer League 1984 and 1985 seasons, in the league's Northern Division.
National Soccer League.
The club's first season was moderately successful, with the team finishing in 7th place despite the squad being largely made up of unfancied players, as well as reaching the quarter finals of the NSL Cup. The club's second season in the NSL was less successful. It was knocked out in the first round of the Cup, and finished the 1985 league season in 2nd last place, resulting in relegation to the New South Wales State League, where they played one further season until being taken over by a Uruguayan consortium and being renamed Penrith Uruguayan. This last incarnation lasted until 1989, when the team became defunct.

</doc>
<doc id="19353466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353466" title="Gaylord K. Swim">
Gaylord K. Swim

Gaylord K. Swim (December 17, 1948 – February 5, 2005) was an American businessman. He was the founder of the Sutherland Institute and a prominent community leader.
Biography.
Early life.
Swim was a native of Carmel, California. He attended Pomona College and then transferred to Brigham Young University (BYU). He joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) while a student at BYU. In 1970 he graduated with a BS in business. He then served a mission for the church in the Germany Central Mission (later called the Germany Düsseldorf Mission). After his return from his mission he earned an M.A. in political science from BYU.
Career.
Early on Swim worked for Dominick & Dominick. He and his mother Kay Swim were involved with the publication of Stephen R. Covey's best-selling book The Seven Habits of Effective People. Covey noted his thanks for their contribution in the Acknowledgements section of the book. In the late 80's, Swim established a wealth management company Pillar Capital Advisors. He also was a co-founder of the Rural Health Management Corporation which currently operates the Central Valley Medical Center in Nephi, Utah. He was active in the community, and served as the chairman of a committee which studied a proposed division of Alpine School District in northern Utah County. Swim and the majority of the committee ultimately recommended against dividing the school district, citing concerns about the impact on school budgets and property tax rates.
Philanthropy.
He was also active in philanthropic efforts. He was a long time Associate at the Philanthropy Roundtable. He also served on the boards of several other non-profit organizations, including the State Policy Network (SPN), American Heritage School (Utah), Deseret International Foundation, Enterprise Mentors International, and the Council for National Policy.
Personal life.
In 1973, he married Lauralyn Bankhead in the Salt Lake Temple. They had a total of five children. In the LDS Church, he served in various positions including as a bishop and a counselor in a stake presidency. He died of brain cancer at the age of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="19353472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353472" title="Paul Hamilton (Australian footballer)">
Paul Hamilton (Australian footballer)

Paul Hamilton (born 19 June 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Australian Football League (AFL) during the late 1980s and early 1990s. 
Hamilton was a defender and usually occupied a back pocket for Essendon. After playing in a Preliminary Final in 1989, Hamilton participated in the 1990 AFL Grand Final. He brought up his 100th league game in Essendon's 1991 encounter against Carlton Football Club at Waverley Park.
Hamilton left Essendon after the 1992 AFL season for Tasmania where he coached Glenorchy Football Club to a premiership. Hamilton then crossed to South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club Woodville-West Torrens where he had some more success, steering them to a minor premiership. Hamilton then served as an assistant coach at North Melbourne Football Club for fours years as well as having a stint as an assistant to Neil Craig at the Adelaide Football Club. In 2008 he returned to Essendon to fill the role of General Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19353479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353479" title="La Historia (Intocable album)">
La Historia (Intocable album)

La Historia (Eng.: "The History") is the title of a compilation album released by norteño music band Intocable. This album became their second number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. It was released with two formats, CD and CD/DVD and both versions charted separately.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard.com
Credits.
The information form Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19353496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353496" title="Hôpital de La Grave">
Hôpital de La Grave

The Hôpital de La Grave is a hospital situated in the Saint-Cyprien quartier of Toulouse in Southwest France on the bank left of the Garonne. Taking up six hectares (three times the size of the Hôtel-Dieu), La Grave was the second largest hospital establishment and primary maternal care center of Toulouse during much of the 20th century until the CHU of Rangueil was built. It is named for the sandy bank () of the Garonne where it was built.
History.
Beginnings.
The original "Hôpital de La Grave" was first mentioned in an 1197 charter of Raymond IV. Today, nothing remains of the original hospital.
Rebirth.
The hospital was transitioned into a place to confine and care for the city's poor beginning on 26 March 1647. The name was changed to Toulouse l’Hôpital Général Saint-Joseph de La Grave. A Papal Bull granted approval in 1658.

</doc>
<doc id="19353506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353506" title="List of Tampa Bay Rays managers">
List of Tampa Bay Rays managers

The Tampa Bay Rays are a professional baseball franchise based in St. Petersburg, Florida. They are a member of the American League (AL) East in Major League Baseball (MLB). The team joined MLB in 1998 as an expansion team with the Arizona Diamondbacks. In November 2007, Rays owner Stuart Sternberg renamed his team from the "Tampa Bay Devil Rays" to the "Tampa Bay Rays", which he described as "A beacon that radiates throughout Tampa Bay and across the entire state of Florida." The Rays won their first AL championship in 2008. The Rays have played their home games at Tropicana Field since their inaugural season. Andrew Friedman is the Vice President of Baseball operations, in essence the general manager.
There have been four managers for the Rays franchise. The team's first manager was Larry Rothschild, the only manager who have spent his entire MLB managing career with the Devil Rays and managed the team for four seasons. Through the end of the 2011 season, Joe Maddon is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games managed with 1134, the most regular-season game wins with 585, and the highest regular-season winning percentage with .516. Maddon is the only manager to have been to the playoffs with the Rays. In 2008, he took them all the way to the World Series, losing to the Philadelphia Phillies in five games. Maddon is also the only manager to have won the Manager of the Year Award with the Rays, first winning it in 2008, and again in 2011. Maddon has been the manager of the Rays since 2006. On February 15, 2012 the Rays extended his contract through the 2015 season.
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19353514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353514" title="Shadows and Light (Wilson Phillips album)">
Shadows and Light (Wilson Phillips album)

Shadows and Light is the second album by Wilson Phillips, released in 1992.
Background.
Following their best-selling debut album "Wilson Phillips", the trio enlisted the production again of Glen Ballard, who had also produced their debut.
The album's songs had a big contrast with the ones on their debut. While the majority of the songs on their debut album featured upbeat songs with positive, lightweight lyrics, "Shadows and Light" featured darker songwriting from the trio that dealt with personal issues, such as the estrangement with their fathers ("Flesh and Blood", "All the Way From New York"), or child abuse ("Where Are You?").
The album received mixed reviews and, although peaking at #4 in the USA and gaining a Platinum disc, it was seen as a commercial failure. Three singles were released off the album, and they had much less success than the ones on their debut. The ballad "You Won't See Me Cry" peaked at #20, the uptempo "Give It Up" peaked at #30 and the final single, the ballad "Flesh and Blood" failed to reach the top 100 altogether, peaking at #115. By the end of the year, Chynna Phillips left the band and the group disbanded for 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19353517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353517" title="Suffolk County Sheriff's Office">
Suffolk County Sheriff's Office

The Suffolk County Sheriff's Office is the oldest law enforcement agency in Suffolk County, New York. The sheriff's office currently employs approximately 1200 people, including 841 correction officers, 247 deputy sheriffs, and 130 civilian personnel. Its Office and Business Operations are located at the Riverhead Correctional Facility, 100 Center Drive South in Riverhead (although it bears the Riverhead name, it is actually south of the Peconic River in Riverside in the Town of Southampton).
The sheriff of Suffolk County is elected to the term of four years.
History.
On Long Island, from 1664 to 1683 ridings were used to establish boundaries within the shire. The East riding comprised the territory now occupied by Suffolk County. The West riding consisted of Kings County and Newtown (Queens County). The remainder of Long Island belonged to the North riding. Collectively, the three ridings were called Yorkshire.
The colonial governor of New York appointed a "High Sheriff" for Yorkshire with a Deputy from each riding. In 1683, the ridings were abolished and the East riding became Suffolk County. The High Sheriff was no longer necessary being that each County would now have its own Sheriff. Suffolk County’s first Sheriff was Josiah Hobart in 1683.
After the American Revolution, the practice of the Governor appointing a sheriff continued and was incorporated into the first New York Constitution, adopted in 1777. At the 1821 constitutional convention, the office of sheriff became an elective office. That year, Abraham Gardiner became Suffolk County's first elected sheriff.
Duties.
The Sheriff's Office:
The Sheriff's Office participates in various task forces, such as the East End Drug Task Force, and the specially created joint task force with the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to investigate and arrest illegal immigrant gang members, the Drug Enforcement Administration, High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, and the United States Marshals Service, undercover assignments, and also conduct criminal investigations.
Rank structure.
The SCSO formerly had an Undersheriff for Corrections and an Undersheriff for Law Enforcement. Sheriff DeMarco changed that practice by appointing an undersheriff as his number two man in the department and a second undersheriff subordinate to the first. There are also two wardens; a one star Warden and two star Warden. The one star Warden subordinate to the other.
List of sheriffs.
There have been many sheriffs through 325 years of service.
Line of duty deaths.
Since the establishment of the Suffolk County Sheriff's Office, four officers have died in the line of duty.
SCSO awards, commendations, citations and medals.
The Sheriff's Office presents a number of medals to its members for meritorious service.
A gold medal and a blue and gold bar (inscription "HONOR"). The Sheriff’s Office Medal of Honor may be awarded to any Sworn Officer of the Sheriff’s Office who, while being fully aware of an imminent risk of life, intelligently distinguishes himself/herself in an act of gallantry above and beyond the call of duty.
A gold medal and a blue-red-blue bar (inscription "COMBAT"). The Combat Gold Medal may be awarded for the successful performance of an act of extraordinary heroism while engaged in personal combat with an armed adversry, at imminent personal hazard of live, in the intelligent performance of duty.
A gold medal and a red-blue-red bar (inscription "BRAVERY"). The Bravery Gold Medal may be awarded for an act of outstanding personal bravery intlligently performed, involving personal risk of life, or involvining grave personal danger.
A silver medal and a blue-white-blue bar (inscription "COMBAT"). The Combat Silver Medal may be awarded for the successful performance of an act of heroism while engaged in personal combat with an armed adversry, at imminent personal hazard of live, in the intelligent performance of duty.
A silver medal and a white-blue-white bar (inscription "BRAVERY"). The Bravery Silver Medal may be awarded for an act of personal bravery intlligently performed, involving personal risk of life, or involvining grave personal danger.
A solid purple bar. The Purple Heart may be awarded to any Sworn Officer of the Sheriff’s Office who is seriously wounded as a result of the hostile actions of another occurring under honorable conditions, or posthumously, to a Sworn Member of the Sheriff's Office who is killed in the performance of duty under honorable conditions as the result of the hostile actions of another.
A white-blue-white-red-white-blue-white breast bar. May be awarded for an act of personal bravery, intelligently performed, involving grave personal danger.
A bronze plaque with a blue-white-blue bar. The Meritorious Service Award may be awarded to any Sworn Officer of the Sheriff’s Office who, while in the line of duty and exhibiting professionalism to the highest degree, distinguishes himself/herself in overcoming a seemingly insurmountable task, problem, situation or period of time through the use of constant faithfulness, perseverance and an overall dedication to duty.
A red-white-red bar. The Exceptional Service Award may be awarded to any member of the Sheriff’s Office who, while in the line of duty and exhibiting professionalism to the highest degree, distinguishes himself/herself to such an extent that this action goes beyond those which are normally expected of a Sheriff’s Office member.
A white-blue-white-blue-white breast bar. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who submits a device or method adopted by the Office, which significantly increases efficiency in administrative or tactical procedures.
A blue and gray breast bar (inscription "5", "10", "20", or "50" in silver within the blue and "STOP D.W.I." in blue within the gray). Awarded to a Deputy Sheriff who has affected five or more, as indicated by the numeral, arrests for DWI.
A Letter of Commendation may be awarded to members of the Sheriff’s Office who conduct themselves in a professional manner while performing their duties and by their deeds give other members an ideal or example to follow. In addition, the member's conduct went beyond the set standard and demonstrated a truly special strength or action evidencing courage, resourcefulness and/or a particular dedication to duty.
A Letter of Recognition may be awarded to members of the Sheriff’s Office who conduct themselves in a professional manner while performing their duties and by their deeds give other members an ideal or example to follow.
A laminated letter plaque. The Civilian Commendation may be awarded to a civilian who has rendered assistance to a member of the Sheriff’s Office during an emergency or who has rendered outstanding assistance to the Sheriff’s Office as a whole.
A Certificate of Appreciation. The Civilian Award may be awarded to any individual or organization who, by act or deed, has contributed to a better Sheriff’s Office-community relationship.
A gold plaque. The Unit Award may be awarded to any unit, section, bureau or command in the Sheriff’s Office which demonstrates unit integrity and outstanding performance over a period of time or for a specific assignment, and while in the performance of its duties, went beyond the set standard and demonstrated a truly special strength or action evidencing courage, resourcefulness and/or a particular dedication to duty.
A red, white, blue and gold (American Flag) breast bar (inscription "09-11-01" in gold). Awarded to each Sworn Officer of the Sheriff's Office who was assigned to the World Trade Center "Ground Zero"site in New York City.
A blue breast bar (inscription "TWA 800"). Awarded to each Sworn Officer of the Sheriff's Officer who was assigned to the TWA crash site in July 1996.
A white over blue breast bar. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who has received a baccalaureate degree from an accredited university or college, or a Sworn Officer who has been awarded an associate degree from an accredited university or college.
A green breast bar with a gold medical insignia. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who has been ceritified as an Emergency Medical Technician or as a Paramedic by the New York State Department of Health.
A black breast bar with "Firearms Instructor" in gold. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who has been certified as an Firearms Instructor by the Office of Public Safety of the State of New York.
A white-red-white-red-white breast bar. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who has been certified as an Instructor by the Office of Public Safety of the State of New York.
A blue-yellow-blue-yellow-blue-yellow-blue breast bar. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is an active certified participant in the Field Training Officer Program.
A black breast bar with "Tactical Unit" in gold. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who has been certified as a Tactical Rifle and Concealment Sniper by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and is an active member of the T.R.A.C. Unit.
A black breast bar with "S.E.R.T." in gold. Awarded to a Correction Officer who has successfully completed the course of instruction approved by the Sheriff's Office and is an active Sworn Officer of the Sheriff's Office S.E.R.T. Unit.
A gold-red-gold breast bar (inscription "5", "10", "15", '20", "25", "30", or "35" in gold). Awarded to a Sworn Officer who has completed the appropriate number of years of service.
A blue breast bar with 12 gold stars. Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is a military veteran.
Air Force - A light blue breast bar (United States Air Force insignia in silver). Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is a veteran of the United States Air Force.
Army - A black breast bar (United States Army insignia in gold). Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is a veteran of the United States Army.
Coast Guard - A blue breast bar (United States Coast Guard insignia in gold). Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is a veteran of the United States Coast Guard.
Marine Corps - A red breast bar (United States Marine Corp insignia in gold). Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is a veteran of the United States Marine Corps.
Navy - A blue breast bar (United States Navy insignia in gold). Awarded to a Sworn Officer who is a veteran of the United States Navy.
A gold breast bar (inscription "PISTOL SHARPSHOOTER", "PISTOL EXPERT" OR "DISTINGUISHED PISTOL EXPERT"). Awarded to a Sworn Officer for attaining a level of proficiency with the service firearm.

</doc>
<doc id="19353518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353518" title="List of Chicago White Sox managers">
List of Chicago White Sox managers

The Chicago White Sox is a U.S. professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois. The White Sox are members of the American League Central Division in Major League Baseball. In baseball, the head coach of a team is called the manager, or more formally, the field manager. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field. Since the inception of the team in 1901, it has employed 39 different managers. The White Sox's current manager is Robin Ventura, who was hired after the 2011 season.
The franchise's first manager was Hall of Famer Clark Griffith, who managed the team for two seasons and led them to the American League championship in their inaugural season. Fielder Jones, who managed the team from 1904 to 1908, led the team to its second American League championship and its first World Series championship (no World Series was played in 1901), defeating the White Sox's crosstown rivals, the Chicago Cubs, in the 1906 World Series. Pants Rowland and Kid Gleason managed the White Sox to American League championships in 1917 and 1919, respectively, with the White Sox winning the 1917 World Series but losing the 1919 World Series in the infamous Black Sox scandal. The White Sox did not win another American League championship until 1959, with Al Lopez as their manager. The White Sox lost the 1959 World Series to the Los Angeles Dodgers. The White Sox next captured the American League pennant in 2005 and, with Ozzie Guillén as their manager, defeated the Houston Astros in the 2005 World Series.
The longest–tenured White Sox manager was Jimmy Dykes, who managed the team for 1,850 games from 1934 to 1946. The only other White Sox managers who have managed more than 1,000 games are Lopez with 1,495, Guillén with 1,135, and Tony La Russa with 1,035. Dykes' 899 wins and 940 losses also lead all White Sox managers. Jones' winning percentage of .592 is the highest of any White Sox manager. Five White Sox managers have served multiple terms managing the team. Nixey Callahan was the White Sox manager in 1903 and part of 1904, and then again from 1912 to 1914. Johnny Evers served two terms as manager, separated by a bout of appendicitis in 1924. Eddie Collins served as interim manager for 27 games in 1924 season while Evers was ill and then served as the full–time manager in 1925 and 1926. Lopez served three terms as manager: the first from 1957 to 1965; then for 11 games during the 1968 season, before being hospitalized with appendicitis; and then returning for another 53 games from the end of the 1968 season through the beginning of the 1969 season. Les Moss served as interim manager for two games in 1968, replacing Eddie Stanky before being replaced by Lopez. After Lopez was hospitalized later that season, Moss took over as manager again for 34 games before Lopez returned. Hall of Famer Frank Chance was hired to manage the team for the 1924 but illness forced him to retire before managing any games. Ten Hall of Famers have managed the White Sox: Griffith, Hugh Duffy, Collins, Evers, Ed Walsh, Ray Schalk, Ted Lyons, Lopez, Bob Lemon and Larry Doby. Lopez was elected as a manager; the others were elected as players.
Managers.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19353545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353545" title="List of Detroit Tigers managers">
List of Detroit Tigers managers

The Detroit Tigers are a professional baseball team based in Detroit, Michigan. The Tigers are members of the American League Central Division in Major League Baseball. In baseball, the head coach of a team is called the manager, or more formally, the field manager. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field. The team initially began in the now defunct Western League in 1894, and later became one of the American League's eight charter franchises in 1901. Since the inception of the team in 1894, it has employed 46 different managers. The Tigers current manager is Brad Ausmus, who was hired for the 2014 season.
The franchise's first manager after the team's arrival in the American League was George Stallings, who managed the team for one season. Hall of Famer Hughie Jennings, who managed the team from 1907 to 1920, led the team to three American League championships. Jennings however was unable to win the World Series, losing to the Chicago Cubs in 1907 and 1908 and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1909. The Detroit Tigers did not win their first World Series until 1935 under the leadership of player-manager Mickey Cochrane. Steve O'Neill later led the Tigers to another World Series victory again in 1945. The Tigers would not win another World Series until 1968 World Series when the Tigers, led by Mayo Smith, defeated the St. Louis Cardinals. Sparky Anderson's 1984 Detroit Tigers team was the franchise's last World Series victory, and marked the first time in Major League Baseball history that a manager won the World Series in both leagues. In total, the Tigers have won the American League pennant 10 times, and the World Series 4 times.
The longest tenured Tiger manager was Sparky Anderson. Anderson managed the team for 2,579 games from 1979 to 1995. Hughie Jennings and Bucky Harris are the only other Detroit Tiger managers who have managed the team for more than 1,000 games. Anderson's 1331 wins and 1248 losses also lead all Tiger managers, while Cochrane's winning percentage of .582 is the highest of any Tiger manager who has managed at least one full-season. Seven Hall of Famers have managed the Tigers: Ed Barrow, Jennings, Ty Cobb, Cochrane, Joe Gordon, Bucky Harris and Anderson. Barrow was elected as an executive, Jennings and Anderson were elected as managers; the others were elected as players.

</doc>
<doc id="19353549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353549" title="Linh Dinh">
Linh Dinh

Linh Dinh (Vietnamese "Đinh Linh", born 1963, Saigon, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese-American poet, fiction writer, translator, and photographer. He was a 1993 Pew Fellow.
Biography.
Dinh went to the US in 1975, and is living in Philadelphia. In 2005, he was a David Wong fellow at the University of East Anglia, in Norwich, England. He spent 2002—2003 in Italy as a guest of the International Parliament of Writers and the town of Certaldo.
He was visiting faculty at University of Pennsylvania.
Career.
He is the author of two collections of stories, "Fake House" (Seven Stories Press, 2000) and "Blood and Soap" (Seven Stories Press, 2004), and five books of poems, "All Around What Empties Out" (Tinfish, 2003), "American Tatts" (Chax, 2005), "Borderless Bodies" (Factory School, 2006), "Jam Alerts" (Chax, 2007), and "Some Kind of Cheese Orgy" (Chax, 2009). His first novel Love Like Hate (Seven Stories Press) was published in October 2010.
His work has been anthologized in "Best American Poetry 2000", "Best American Poetry 2004", "The Best American Poetry 2007", and "Great American Prose Poems from Poe to the Present", among other places. The Village Voice picked his "Blood and Soap" as one of the best books of 2004. Translated into Italian by Giovanni Giri, it is published in Italy as "Elvis Phong è Morto".
Reviews.
Publishers Weekly reviews Linh Dinh's "American Tatts":
The second effort in verse from this rising star of the small-press world turns his considerable powers to the depiction of acrid ironies, unmitigated disgust and politically charged gall. One of its opening poems imagines the poet as a half-knight, half-corpse "Cadavalier," exclaiming, "This pinkish universe is really nothing/ But a flocculation of my desires." A fast-moving poem called "Pick-Up Lines"—one of many about sexual discomfort—instructs a lover to "listen to my effluvium." Dinh (All Around What Empties Out) often imitates (or perhaps quotes) subliterary material: online personal ads, instant messaging, brochures and corporatespeak ("We've entered a new level of parking consciousness"), confessions of X-rated adventures by semiliterate writers. His swift lines also portray the kind of grotesque caricature ("The day before her abortion,/ The one-eyed lady accidentally swallowed her glass eye") used manipulatively in politics. Exploring disgust while toying with frames and assumptions, the poet becomes in one sense a real heir to Charles Bukowski; in another, he joins other younger poets (such as Drew Gardner and K. Silem Mohammad) in a movement toward hard-edged, provocative parody. It might be hard to call Dinh's volume pleasing, but readers of a certain temperament may well find it irresistible.
He has translated many international poets into Vietnamese, and many Vietnamese poets and fiction writers into English, including Nguyen Quoc Chanh, Tran Vang Sao, Van Cam Hai and Nguyen Huy Thiep.

</doc>
<doc id="19353551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353551" title="List of Kansas City Royals managers">
List of Kansas City Royals managers

The Kansas City Royals are a franchise based in Kansas City, Missouri. They are members of the Central division of Major League Baseball's American League. The Royals franchise was formed in 1969.
There have been 19 managers for the Royals. Joe Gordon became the first manager of the Kansas City Royals in 1969, serving for one season. Bob Lemon became the first manager who held the title of manager for the Royals for more than one season. Tony Muser has managed more games and seasons than any other Royals manager. Whitey Herzog, Jim Frey, and Howser are the only managers to have led the Royals into the playoffs. Three Royals managers—Gordon, Lemon, and Herzog—have been inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame;
In 1970, Gordon was replaced with Charlie Metro. The Royals made their first playoff appearance under Herzog. Three managers have led the Royals into the postseason. Dick Howser led the Royals to their only World Series Championship in 1985, while Frey lost the 1980 World Series in six games to the Philadelphia Phillies. The highest winning percentage of any manager who managed at least one season was Herzog, with a percentage of .574. The lowest percentage was Bob Schaefer in 2005, although he managed for only 17 games. The lowest percentage of a manager with at least one season with the Royals was Buddy Bell, the manager from 2005 through the 2007 season with a percentage of .399.
The highest win total for a Royals manager is held by Herzog, while Muser holds the record for losses with 431. Tony Peña became the first Royals manager to win the Manager of the Year award, in 2003. The current manager of the Royals is Ned Yost. He was hired on May 13, 2010 after Trey Hillman was fired.
Managers.
"Statistics current through September 29, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="19353562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353562" title="List of Oakland Athletics managers">
List of Oakland Athletics managers

The Oakland Athletics are a professional baseball team based in Oakland, California. Before moving to Oakland in 1968, the team played in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1901 through 1954 and in Kansas City, Missouri from 1955 through 1967. The Athletics are members of the American League (AL) West division in Major League Baseball (MLB). In baseball, the head coach of a team is called the manager, or more formally, the field manager. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field. The team has employed 30 different managers in its history. The current Athletics' manager is Bob Melvin.
The franchise's first manager was Hall of Famer Connie Mack, who managed the team for its first fifty seasons. Mack led the Athletics to nine AL championships and five World Series championships—in 1910, 1911, 1913, 1929 and 1930. The team lost the World Series in 1905, 1914 and 1931, and no World Series was played when the Athletics won the AL championship in 1902. After Jimmy Dykes replaced Mack as the Athletics' manager in 1951, no manager served more than three consecutive seasons until Tony La Russa, who became the Athletics' manager in 1986. During this period, Dick Williams managed the Athletics to two consecutive World Series championships in 1972 and 1973, and Alvin Dark managed the team to a third consecutive World Series championship in 1974. La Russa managed the Athletics to three consecutive AL championships from 1988 through 1990, winning the World Series in 1989.
Connie Mack holds the Athletics' records for most games managed, 7,466; most wins as a manager, 3,582; and most losses as a manager, 3,814. Williams has the highest winning percentage of any Athletics manager, .603. Four managers have served multiple terms as the Athletics' manager. Connie Mack's son Earle Mack served as interim manager twice, in 1937 and 1939, when his father was ill. Hank Bauer served as the Athletics' manager from 1961 to 1962, and then again in 1969. Dark served as the Athletics' manager from 1966 to 1967 and again from 1974 to 1975. Jack McKeon started the 1977 season as the Athletics' manager, was replaced by Bobby Winkles after 53 games, and then replaced Winkles part way through the 1978 season. Five Athletics' managers have been inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame: Connie Mack, Lou Boudreau, Joe Gordon, Luke Appling and Williams. Mack and Williams were inducted into the Hall of Fame as managers. Boudreau, Gordon and Appling were inducted as players.
Managers.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19353578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353578" title="Strigolactone">
Strigolactone

Strigolactones are plant hormones that stimulate the branching and growth of symbiotic arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi, increasing the probability of contact and establishment of a symbiotic association between the plant and fungus. Strigolactones also inhibit plant shoot branching, and trigger germination of parasitic plant seeds (for example "Striga", from which they gained their name). Strigolactones are carotenoid-derived and contain a labile ether bond that is easily hydrolyzed in the rhizosphere, meaning that there is a large concentration gradient between areas near the root and those further away.
In 2009, strigolactone biosynthesis was found to be DWARF27-dependent.
Naming.
Strigolactones were first discovered in "Striga lutea" (witchweed), a parasitic weed that lacks the ability to photosynthesize. Such plants use Strigolactones exuded from the roots of host plants as a cue for germination. Such mechanism enables them to germinate close to a suitable host . 
Chemistry.
Strigolactones are terpenoid lactones and are derived from carotenoids.

</doc>
<doc id="19353587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353587" title="Louis Réard">
Louis Réard

Louis Réard (1897 – 16 September 1984) was a French automobile engineer who invented the bikini in 1946.
Invention of bikini.
Louis Réard and Jacques Heim were competing to produce the world's smallest swimsuit. In May 1946, Heim began advertising a two-piece swimsuit that he named the "Atome," the world's "smallest bathing suit". The bottom of his design was just large enough to cover the wearer's navel. To promote his new design, Heim hired skywriters to fly above the Mediterranean resort advertising the Atome as "the world’s smallest bathing suit."
Réard was a mechanical engineer who was had taken over his mother's lingerie business near Les Folies Bergères in Paris. He noticed women on St. Tropez beaches rolling up the edges of their swimsuits to get a better tan which inspired him to produce his new design. Not to be outdone by Heim, he hired his own skywriters three weeks later to fly over the French Riviera advertising his design as "smaller than the smallest bathing suit in the world."
Réard's design was a string bikini consisting of four triangles made from only of fabric printed with a newspaper pattern. When Réard sought a model to wear his design at its debut presentation, none of the usual models would wear the suit, so he hired 19 year old nude dancer Micheline Bernardini from the Casino de Paris to model it. He introduced it to the media and public in Paris on 5 July 1946 at Piscine Molitor, a public pool in Paris. It was a shocking swimsuit design that for the first time revealed the wearer's navel.
Marketing of the bikini.
Réard could not find a model who would dare to wear his design. He ended up hiring Micheline Bernardini, a nude dancer from the Casino de Paris as his model. That bikini, a string bikini with a g-string back made out of of cloth with newspaper type printed across, was "officially" introduced on 5 July 1946 at a fashion event at Piscine Molitor, a popular public pool in Paris. The bikini was a hit, especially among men, and Bernardini received some 50,000 fan letters. Heim's design was the first worn on the beach, but the genre of clothing was given its name by Réard. Réard's business soared, and in advertisements he kept the bikini mystique alive by declaring that a two-piece suit wasn't a genuine bikini "unless it could be pulled through a wedding ring."
As afurther booster for sales, ex automotive engineer Louis Réard comissioned renowned carbody specialist Chapron to buid an extravagant "road yacht" by converting a Packard V8 car into a mock luxury cabin cruiser complete with cockpit,portholes, anchor, signal mast and other nautical regalia.
The car (not an amphibian) went on advertising parades and followed the Tour de France cycliste in the early 50's, with a crew of bikini clad girls, causing quite a sensation in period parochial France 
Later life.
Réard moved with his wife, Marcelle Réard, to Lausanne from France in 1980. He died in 1984 at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="19353592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353592" title="List of New York Mets managers">
List of New York Mets managers

The New York Mets are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Queens, in New York City, New York. They play in the National League East division. In the team's 48-year history, the Mets have employed 20 managers. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field. Of those managers, only Joe Torre was a player-manager (a manager who also plays for the team); Yogi Berra did, however, play four games while he was a coach in 1965.
The Mets posted their franchise record for losses in their inaugural season in the league, with 120 losses in 160 games in 1962. This was the first of seven consecutive losing seasons, a season in which the winning percentage was below .500, and the most losses by a post-1900 MLB team. During this stretch from 1962 to 1968, the Mets employed four managers. Five managers have taken the Mets to the postseason; Davey Johnson and Bobby Valentine have led the team to two playoff appearances each. Johnson and Gil Hodges are the only Mets managers to win a World Series: Hodges in 1969 against the Baltimore Orioles; and Johnson in 1986 against the Boston Red Sox. Johnson is the longest-tenured manager in franchise history, with 1,012 games of service over 7 seasons (1984–1989 and part of 1990).
The manager with the most wins and highest winning percentage over a full season or more is Johnson; his 595–417 record gives him a .588 winning percentage. Conversely, the worst winning percentage over a full season or more in franchise history is .302 by inaugural manager Casey Stengel, who posted a 175–404 record from 1962 to 1965.
Table key.
</noinclude><noinclude>
Managers.
"Statistics current as of October 3, 2012" 

</doc>
<doc id="19353600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353600" title="List of Washington Nationals managers">
List of Washington Nationals managers

The Washington Nationals are an American professional baseball franchise based in Washington, D.C. They are members of the National League (NL) East Division in Major League Baseball (MLB). The team began playing in as an expansion team in Montreal, Quebec, then known as the Montreal Expos. There have been 12 different managers in their franchise's history. In baseball, the head coach of a team is called the manager (or more formally, the field manager). The Nationals are the only NL team to have never been in a World Series. The team has played their home games at the Nationals Park since 2008. The Nationals are owned by Ted Lerner, with Mike Rizzo as their general manager.
The Expos' first manager was Gene Mauch, who managed for six seasons. Felipe Alou is the franchise's all-time leader in regular season games managed (1,408) and regular season game wins (691). Jim Fanning is the only Expos manager to have gone into the post-season. Buck Rodgers and Alou are the only managers to have won the NL Manager of the Year Award with the Expos, in and respectively. Karl Kuehl, Jim Fanning, and Tom Runnells have all spent their entire MLB managing careers with the Expos/Nationals. After Manny Acta was fired during the season, Jim Riggleman, the bench coach, was named interim manager to replace him, and was promoted to the position full-time for the 2010 season. The team's current manager is Davey Johnson, who took over following Riggleman's 2011 resignation.
__FORCETOC__
Managers.
"Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2012 Major League Baseball season."

</doc>
<doc id="19353609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353609" title="Creature Features (WNEW)">
Creature Features (WNEW)

Creature Features a classic horror film show broadcast in the New York Metropolitan Area, on WNEW, Channel 5 (Metromedia Broadcasting). It was hosted by Lou Steele (The Creep), who became familiar to Channel 5 viewers as the guy who started off the "10 o'clock News" by asking: "It's 10 p.m.; do you know where your children are?"
History.
Creature Features first aired from July to August 1969 on a test run, and was found to be a hit. The movies broadcast were taken from the classic horror movies of the 1930s and 1940s, the horror and science-fiction films of the 1950s, British horror films of the 1960s, and the Japanese "giant monster" movies of the 1960s, and early 1970s. It was continued on the air from November 1969 to August 1973, but was cancelled due to poor ratings and competition from WPIX's Chiller Theatre.
The movies.
Creature Features normally showed classic Universal Horror, like "Dracula", "Frankenstein", "Bride of Frankenstein", "The Mummy", plus many Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi films and others. 
They also aired all the movies produced and distributed by American International Pictures. This included all the Roger Corman B-movies of the 1950s and 1960s like "The Raven", and "The Terror", plus most of the Japanese "monster movies" produced by Toho Studios, and Daiei Motion Picture Company (famous for their "Godzilla" and "Gamera" movies).
They also broadcast all the best British horror films by Hammer Film Productions, like "The Curse of Frankenstein", ', "The Phantom of the Opera", "The Curse of the Werewolf", and "The Hound of the Baskervilles". Also Amicus Productions, and Tigon British Film Productions'" films such as "Dr. Terror's House of Horrors", and "The House That Dripped Blood".
But what became most well known about Creature Features is the airing of all the 1950s science fiction movies. These included "Them!", "The Thing from Another World", "It Came from Outer Space", "The War of the Worlds", and "Forbidden Planet".
Seasons.
The following is a checklist and brief broadcast history of the Creature Features horror movie showcase:
In late 1973 Creature Features was dropped from its nighttime slot and replaced by football games and other programming (although the Saturday's horror movies continued with Chiller Theater). When horror movies eventually returned to Saturday night, they would usually air in a late night timeslot.
Creature Features would resurface at odd intervals, specifically during 1976 - 1978, but none of these runs lasted for very long. Lou Steele, The Creep himself, died of a heart attack in February 2001.
1979-1980 re-broadcast.
In November 1979, Channel 5 began rebroadcasting some of the old Creature Features shows. Instead of airing in its old 8:30 p.m. slot, Creature Features became a late night showcase, showing a triple feature with each airing. The first movie went out under the familiar Creature Features name, the second movie was Son of Creature Features and the third film was shown as Revenge of Creature Features. Once again poor ratings and competition with WPIX caused its cancellation in May 1980.
Lou Steele.
Unlike other horror hosts, Steele didn’t utilize any ghoulish make-up or trappings, instead striking a somewhat sinister/hipster attitude with sunglasses and harsh lighting. Among various contests and gimmicks during the show's run was "Creature Quotes", in which individual words of a longer phrase (“A stitch in time saves Frankenstein", "Don’t get chummy with the Mummy") were flashed momentarily on the bottom of the screen at various times during the movie.
Intro music.
The intro music for Creature Features was Herman Stein's "Visitors from Space" from the score of the 1953 film "It Came from Outer Space". The track was most likely taken from the 1959 Dick Jacobs LP, "Themes from Horror Movies" (Coral 757240).

</doc>
<doc id="19353612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353612" title="List of Houston Astros managers">
List of Houston Astros managers

The Houston Astros are a professional baseball franchise based in Houston, Texas. They are a member of the American League (AL) West in Major League Baseball (MLB). The team joined MLB in 1962 as an expansion team named the Houston Colt .45s and changed their name to the Houston Astros in 1965. The team won their first NL Championship in 2005. Having first played in Colt Stadium (1962–1964), and later in The Astrodome, now known as the Reliant Astrodome (1965–1999), the Astros have played their home games at Minute Maid Park, which was first named The Ballpark at Union Station, since 2000. The franchise is owned by Jim Crane, and Jeff Luhnow is their general manager.
There have been 16 managers for the Astros franchise. The team's first manager was Harry Craft, who managed for three seasons. Bill Virdon is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games managed (1066), and the most regular-season game wins (544); Hal Lanier and Phil Garner are tied for the franchise's all-time leader for the most playoff games managed (14); Garner is the franchise's all-time leader for the most playoff-game wins (7). Salty Parker is the Astros' all-time leader for the highest regular-season winning percentage, as he has only managed one game, which he won. Of the managers who have managed a minimum of 162 games (one season), Larry Dierker has the highest regular-season winning percentage with .556. Garner is the franchise's all-time leader for the highest playoff winning percentage with .500. Leo Durocher is the only Astros manager to have been elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Garner is the only manager to have won an NL championship with the Astros, winning it in 2005. Larry Dierker is the only Astros manager to have had his uniform number retired by the Astros, with his uniform number 49 retired by the Astros in 2002. Dierker is also the sixth manager in MLB history to win a division championship in his first season for the Astros in 1997. Lanier and Dierker are the only managers to have won a Manager of the Year Award with the Astros, winning it in 1986 and 1998 respectively. Grady Hatton, Lanier, Dierker, and Cooper have spent their entire managing careers with the Astros; Cooper has been the manager of the Astros since 2007.
__FORCETOC__
Managers.
"Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2013 season."

</doc>
<doc id="19353641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353641" title="Antonio Burks (basketball, born 1982)">
Antonio Burks (basketball, born 1982)

Antonio Burks (born 30 May 1982) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for the Saint John Mill Rats of the National Basketball League of Canada. He was born in Texarkana, Arkansas. Burks is a 6'5" (1.96 m) and 220 lb (100 kg) guard-forward.
College career.
Burks played at Arkansas High School, Jacksonville College, Moberly Area Community College and Stephen F. Austin State University.
A highlight of Burks's college career came on February 25, 2004, when as a member of the Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks, he scored 35 points, including 7 three-pointers, to go along with 12 rebounds in a 63–60 win over Lamar University.
Professional career.
Burks was the first player ever that Vermont Frost Heaves signed. He was re-signed by the team on August 21, 2007. He also played professionally in Norway.
On November 27, 2011, it was announced that the Saint John Mill Rats of the National Basketball League of Canada had signed Burks to their active roster.

</doc>
<doc id="19353644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353644" title="List of St. Louis Cardinals managers">
List of St. Louis Cardinals managers

The St. Louis Cardinals, a Major League baseball (MLB) franchise based in St. Louis, Missouri, have competed in the National League (NL) since 1892, and in the American Association (AA) from 1882 to 1891. They have won eleven World Series titles, one additional interleague championship and were co-champions (tied) in another prior to the modern World Series. The Cardinals (1900–present) were also known as the Brown Stockings (1882), Browns (1883–1898), and Perfectos (1899). Baseball teams like St. Louis are led by a manager, similar to the head coach position of other sports. Coaching positions that report to the manager include the bench coach, first and third base coaches, and pitching and hitting coaches, among other coaches and instructors. Mike Matheny, a former catcher for the Cardinals from 2000 to 2004, is the current manager, a role he has served since 2012. He is signed through 2017.
A total of 63 managers have held that position for the Cardinals, more than any other Major League franchise. Between 1882 and 1918 (37 total seasons), 37 different managers stayed the helm. Ned Cuthbert became the first manager of the then-Brown Stockings in 1882, serving for one season. Also an outfielder for a former Brown Stockings club, he was directly responsible for bringing professional baseball back to St. Louis after a game-fixing scandal expelled the earlier team from the NL in 1877. Cuthbert rallied a barnstorming team that attracted the attention of Chris von der Ahe, who purchased the team and helped install them into the AA in 1882. Charles Comiskey was the first manager in franchise history to hold the position for multiple seasons. He also has the highest career winning percentage in franchise history at .673, four American Association pennants (1885–1888) and one interleague championship (before the official World Series existed). He also held the record for most career wins in team history with from 1884 to 1945 (563 total) and games managed (852) until 1924. However, von der Ahe changed managers more than any other owner in team history – a total of 27 in nineteen season oversaw the team on the field. After the Robison era began, stability marginally improved: nine managers in 20 years from 1899 to 1918. Jack McCloskey, Roger Bresnahan, and Miller Huggins each managed three or more seasons from 1906 to 1917, becoming the first group to manage multiple seasons in succession.
Branch Rickey, known mainly as a general manager, surpassed Comiskey's record for games managed in 1924, totaling 947 in seven seasons. His replacement, Rogers Hornsby – also the second baseman who won two Triple Crowns and six consecutive batting titles – finally guided the Cardinals to their first modern World Series championship against the formidable New York Yankees, their first interleague championship in exactly 40 years. Sam Breadon, the Cardinals' owner, also frequently changed managers (although Frankie Frisch and Gabby Street both managed at least five seasons and won one World Series title apiece in the 1930s out of nine total managers in 30 seasons) until settling on Hall of Famer Billy Southworth from 1940 to 1945.
Southworth set new team records for games managed (981), wins (620) and World Series championships (two). His Cardinals teams won 105 or more games each year from 1942 to 1944, winning the NL pennants in each of those three seasons. His .642 winning percentage is second-highest in team history, and the highest since the Cardinals joined the National League. Southworth was also awarded the "Sporting News" Manager of the Year Award in 1941 and 1942. Starting in 1953 with the Gussie Busch/Anheuser-Busch era, thirteen managers captained the club in 43 seasons. After Southworth, Eddie Dyer, Eddie Stanky, Fred Hutchinson and Johnny Keane also each took home a "Sporting News" Manager of the Year award. Keane's 1964 team that year's World Series. Hall of Famer Red Schoendienst took over from 1965 to 1977 and won one World Series and two NL pennants. Schoendienst then broke Southworth's team records for games (1,999 total) and wins (1,041). He also held records of fourteen seasons managed and 955 losses.
In the 1980s, Hall of Famer Whitey Herzog's style of play known as Whiteyball pushed the Cardinals to three NL pennants and a World Series championship in 1982. He was named the "Sporting News" Sportsman of the Year and Manager of the Year in 1982. In 1990, Joe Torre took over and Tony La Russa succeeded him when the William DeWitt, Jr. ownership – still the current ownership – commenced in 1996. La Russa finished with the longest tenure in franchise history (sixteen seasons), and leads Cardinals managers in wins (1,408), losses (1,182), playoff appearances (nine) and is tied for most World Series championships (two). He also won three NL pennants. Matheny took over from La Russa. With DeWitt ‘s era, the Cardinals have seen their greatest period of managerial stability with just two managers.
Besides La Russa, eight Cardinals managers have won a modern World Series: Hornsby, Frisch, Street, Dyer, Southworth, Keane, Schoendienst and Herzog; Southworth and La Russa are the only ones to win two each. Comiskey won one pre-World Series title and tied for another. Cardinals managers inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame include Comiskey, Tommy McCarthy, Roger Connor, Kid Nichols, Bresnahan, Huggins, Rickey, Hornsby, Bill McKechnie, Southworth, Frisch, Schoendienst, Herzog, Torre and La Russa.
Table of managers.
"Statistics current through 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="19353653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353653" title="List of Arizona Diamondbacks managers">
List of Arizona Diamondbacks managers

There have been a total of six managers in the history of the Arizona Diamondbacks Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise of the National League. The Diamondbacks franchise was formed in the 1998 Major League Baseball season as a member of the National League. Buck Showalter was hired as the first Diamondbacks manager. Showalter served for three (1998-2000) seasons before being replaced after the 2000 season. In terms of tenure, Bob Melvin has managed more games and seasons than any other coach in the Diamondbacks franchise history. He has managed the Diamondbacks to one playoff berth, in 2007, in which he led the team to the National League Championship Series (NLCS). Al Pedrique and A.J. Hinch are the only two managers in the Diamondbacks history to not lead a team into the playoffs.
In the 2000 baseball season, the Diamondbacks decided to release Buck Showalter, soon then to be replaced by manager Bob Brenly. The following year, Brenly led the Diamondbacks to win the 2001 World Series. However, after a poor 2003 and start of the 2004 season, Brenly was also released and was replaced with Al Pedrique
, the third base coach for the Diamondbacks at the time. At the end of that season, the Diamondbacks originally hired Wally Backman as their new manager for the team. Though, after allegations of Backman driving under the influence, the Diamondbacks decided to instead hire Bob Melvin as their new manager instead of hiring Backman. Melvin, the former Mariners manager, led the Diamondbacks since the 2005 season of baseball. Prior to the May 8, 2009 game the Diamondbacks replaced Melvin with A.J. Hinch.
Key.
</noinclude>
"Statistics are accurate through the 2009 MLB season."
Managers.
Wally Backman was hired as the Diamondbacks manager on 11/1/2004, but was fired four days later on 11/5/2004, due to off-field issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19353670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353670" title="Battle of Lobregal">
Battle of Lobregal

The Battle of Lobregal ("Batalla del Lobregal") took place in March 1160 between the House of Lara and its allies and the forces of the House of Castro under Fernando Rodríguez de Castro. The battle was the high point of a series of struggles for power between the Lara and Castro families following the death of Sancho III of Castile in August 1158 and the accession of his young son, Alfonso VIII. In 1159 the Lara had seized the regency from Gutierre Fernández de Castro, Fernando's uncle.
Early in 1160 Fernando had been forced into exile at the court of Ferdinand II of León. According to Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada, writing in the early thirteenth century, he returned shortly with an army and inflicted a major defeat on his enemies, led by Nuño Pérez de Lara, brother of the young Alfonso's regent, Manrique, at "Lobregal" in the Tierra de Campos, near Villabrágima. The "Anales toledanos primeros", under the year 1160, note an "arrancada" led by Nuño Pérez in the Tierra de Campos. An "arrancada" could refer to "as much to a violent incursion, in the style of a chevauchée, as to a military action that ends in serious defeat." Nuño's brothers Manrique and Álvaro may have been present at the battle also.
In the battle, Fernando's father-in-law, Osorio Martínez, died fighting alongside the Lara. Fernando also captured Nuño Pérez and Rodrigo Gutiérrez. Rodrigo's brother, Álvaro Gutiérrez, died on the field. The captive Lara leaders were released within a few days after swearing an oath to Fernando that they would return after burying Álvaro. Once free Rodrigo promptly placed Álvaro in a sarcophagus, but delayed his burial, believing this exempted him from returning to captivity. Nuño met Fernando at Dueñas with a following of six hundred knights. Under such circumstances Fernando did not dare attempt to take him captive again, and Nuño claimed he had upheld his end of the agreement. The "Crónica General de 1344" records that Manrique, who in fact died at Huete four years later, had died on the field of Lobregal and that it was Nuño who received his freedom from captivity for the purpose of burying his brother. This confusion is shared by several other late sources.
Their victory did not allow the Castro to wrest control of Alfonso VIII from the Lara, but it did strengthen their position at the court of Ferdinand II of León, to which they had fled. On 13 March both Fernando and his brother Álvaro confirmed a Leonese charter. They were also able to return to Castile by 11 July, when the confirmed a charter of Alfonso VIII alongside the three Lara brothers and their uncle, Gutierre Fernández, indicating a peace accord by that date. The Castro brothers had returned to the Leonese court by at least September, but they did not confirm Ferdinand II's only charter issued in November that year. It appears that a general peace followed the Battle of Lobregal. There is no record of further armed conflict in 1160, but in 1162 Ferdinand II took Toledo from the Castilians and in 1164 the Castro defeated the Lara again at the Battle of Huete.

</doc>
<doc id="19353672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353672" title="List of San Diego Padres managers">
List of San Diego Padres managers

The San Diego Padres are a professional baseball franchise based in San Diego, California. They are a member of the National League (NL) West in Major League Baseball (MLB). The team joined MLB in 1969 as an expansion team and have won two NL Championships in 1984 and 1998. The team played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium (formerly known as San Diego Stadium and Jack Murphy Stadium) from 1969 to 2003. Starting with the 2004 season, they moved to PETCO Park, where they have played since. The team is owned by Ron Fowler, and Josh Byrnes is their general manager.
There have been 16 managers for the Padres franchise. The team's first manager was Preston Gómez, who managed for four seasons. Bruce Bochy is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games managed (1926), the most regular-season game wins (951), the most playoff games managed (24), and the most playoff-game wins (8). Bob Skinner is the Padres' all-time leader for the highest regular-season winning percentage, as he has only managed one game, which he won. Of the managers who have managed a minimum of 162 games (one season), Jack McKeon has the highest regular-season winning percentage with .541, having managed for 357 games. Dick Williams, the only Padres manager to have been elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame, is the franchise's all-time leader for the highest playoff winning percentage with .400. Williams and Bochy are the only managers to have won an NL Championship with the Padres, in 1984 and 1998 respectively. Bochy and Black are the only managers to have won a Manager of the Year Award with the Padres, in 1996 and 2010. Greg Riddoch, Bud Black, and Jerry Coleman have spent their entire managing careers with the Padres; Black has been the manager of the Padres since 2007.
__FORCETOC__
Managers.
"Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2012 season."

</doc>
<doc id="19353675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353675" title="List of San Francisco Giants managers">
List of San Francisco Giants managers

The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team that plays in the National League Western Division. Since their inception as the New York Gothams in 1883, the Giants have employed 36 managers. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field.
The franchise's first manager was John Clapp, who managed the team for one year before being replaced in 1884 by Jim Price. The Giants won two World Series championships during the 19th century, in 1888 and 1889, with Jim Mutrie as their manager both years. John McGraw became the Giants' manager during the 1902 season, beginning a streak of 54 consecutive years in which the Giants were managed by a Baseball Hall of Famer. McGraw himself managed for more than 30 years, until the middle of the season, the longest managerial tenure in Giants history. McGraw won 2,583 games as the Giants manager, the most in Giants history. While managing the Giants, the team won the National League championship 10 times—in 1904, 1905, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1917, 1921, 1922, 1923 and 1924. They played in the World Series nine times (no World Series was played in 1904) and won three, in 1905, 1921 and 1922. 
McGraw's successor was Hall of Famer Bill Terry, who managed the team from the middle of the 1932 season until 1941. He won 823 games as the Giants' manager, third most in Giants history, and won three National League championships, in 1933, 1936 and 1937, winning the World Series in 1933. Hall of Famers Mel Ott and Leo Durocher managed the team from 1942 through 1955. Durocher was the manager for the Giants' World Series championship in 1954.
The Giants moved from New York to San Francisco in 1958, with Bill Rigney as their manager. They won their first National League championship in San Francisco under Alvin Dark in 1962 but lost the World Series that year. In their first 28 years in San Francisco, they had 14 managers (including two terms by Rigney). Since 1985, the Giants' managerial situation has been more stable. Roger Craig managed the team for more than seven seasons, from the middle of the 1985 season until 1992, including a National League championship in 1989. His successor, Dusty Baker, managed the team for ten years from 1993 through 2002, winning the National League championship in 2002. Baker has the second highest win total of any Giants manager with 840. Felipe Alou replaced Baker in 2003 and managed the team until 2006. The current Giants manager, Bruce Bochy, has managed the team since 2006, winning World Series' championships in 2010 and 2012. Mutrie has the highest winning percentage of any Giants manager, with .605. Heinie Smith has the lowest, with .156, although he managed just 32 games. The lowest winning percentage of any Giants manager who managed at least 100 games is .389, by Jim Davenport in 1985.
Managers.
"Statistics current through 2012 season"
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19353681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353681" title="VicStix">
VicStix

VicStix is a junior hockey skills development program run by Hockey Victoria in Australiad.
History.
Founded in the early 2000s, the "VicStix" program was initially aimed at the under-16 and under-17 age group.
After two years the program criteria were revised to accommodate players in the under-13 and under-14 age groups.
Structure.
Approximately 32 participants per zone are selected from trials (usually in October) to participate in skills and knowledge sessions approximately once per month. Hockey Victoria selects coaches that provide individual skills and fitness training, a fitness program to complete in the participant's own time, and talks from dietitians and nutritionists on the energy needs of athletes, and staying healthy.
Zones.
There are seven zones that run VicStix programs, encompassing metropolitan Melbourne and regional Victoria.
Carnival.
At the conclusion of the program, usually in March, all zones are invited to attend a round-robin tournament in Melbourne to showcase their skills.
Future of the Program.
Speculation on a popular Victorian online hockey forum suggested that the VicStix program would be discontinued after the 2008-09 intake of participants. This has not been officially confirmed or denied by Hockey Victoria, and it is not known if a replacement program is being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19353685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353685" title="The Illusionist">
The Illusionist

The Illusionist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19353713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353713" title="Roxanna Brown">
Roxanna Brown

Roxanna Maude Brown (1946–2008) was a prominent authority on Southeast Asian ceramics and director of the Bangkok University's Southeast Asian Ceramics Museum.
Biography.
She was born in Illinois, USA, and received a bachelor's degree from Columbia University in 1968, and a masters from University of Singapore in 1973. In 2004, she received a Ph.D. from UCLA, working on the so-called Ming Gap, a 300-year interval when China blocked exports of ceramics. A production boom across Southeast Asia resulted; Brown's analysis of ceramics recovered from shipwrecks of the period "revolutionized the understanding of trade patterns in the region," according to colleagues cited in the "Los Angeles Times".
Arrest and death.
She subsequently became involved in the investigation of the smuggling of art objects from Thailand to the United States, assisting U.S. Government agents. However, she was herself implicated in possible authentication of stolen objects, based on material found during 2002 raids on Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Pacific Asia Museum in Pasadena, California, the Bowers Museum in Santa Ana, California, and the Mingei Museum in San Diego. She was arrested on May 9, 2008 for alleged wire fraud upon her arrival in the United States to give a lecture at an Asian art symposium at the University of Washington. She was found dead in her cell at the Federal Detention Center in SeaTac on May 14. The charge was dropped immediately after her death at the facility.
The question of her actual involvement in the smuggling ring, the justification for her arrest, and her lack of medical attention after it, has been discussed in a series of articles in the "Los Angeles Times".
Medical malpractice lawsuit.
A medical malpractice lawsuit was filed by her son Taweesin Jaime Ngerntongdee after it was determined that Brown died of peritonitis caused by a perforated ulcer. The suit claimed that she had suffered stomach problems in the detention center and other inmates took her to a shower after a guard did not respond when she vomited something that "smelled like excrement." When Brown called for help after the 10 p.m. lockdown on May 13, the guard told her that she would have to wait until the morning for medical attention, according to the suit. Detention center officials acknowledged that there was no overnight medical staff on duty and took the case to mediation. The federal government settled the case for $880,000 in July 2009. Attorney Tim Ford stated that part of the settlement stipulated that Brown's death would be investigated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Books.
She was author of a number of academic books on Southeast Asian ceramics. Among the ones that established her early reputation are:
Among her later works are:

</doc>
<doc id="19353715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353715" title="List of former municipalities in New York City">
List of former municipalities in New York City

The City of Greater New York was formed in 1898 through the consolidation of a number of municipalities, some of which were themselves consolidated from smaller municipalities. This article lists the towns and cities that have formerly existed within the current boundaries of New York City from the time the British assumed control of New Amsterdam up until the 1898 consolidation.
The Bronx.
The Bronx was annexed from Westchester County by New York County (and New York City) in 1874 (west of Bronx River) and 1895 (east of it). Those two parts were established as a separate borough upon the consolidation of Greater New York in 1898, but was not legally established as a separate county, Bronx County, until 1914.
Kings County.
When it was created in 1688 Kings County contained six towns. The City of Brooklyn eventually annexed the other towns and cities in Kings County between 1854 and 1896, before itself becoming part of New York City in 1898.
Queens County.
All of Flushing, Jamaica, Long Island City, and Newtown, as well as the Rockaway Peninsula portion of Hempstead, consolidated into Greater New York in 1898. The rest of Hempstead and the Towns of North Hempstead and Oyster Bay split from Queens County to form Nassau County in 1899.
Richmond County.
All of Staten Island consolidated into Greater New York in 1898. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353720" title="Mentors International">
Mentors International

Mentors International (DBA Mentors International) is a 501(c)(3), nonprofit organization based in Draper, Utah, that uses microenterprise, mentoring, and business training to alleviate poverty worldwide. Mentors International was officially founded in 1990 by a group of businessmen with extensive international business and humanitarian experience in developing countries. This spearheading group knew that poverty in developing countries could be alleviated by building grassroots enterprises using microcredit and education to help the impoverished achieve self-reliance. Its current CEO and President is Mark L. Petersen.
History.
The organization dates back to 1989 when St. Louis businessman, Menlo F. Smith, returned to the United States after working on a three-year humanitarian project in the Philippines. Smith became aware of the tremendous load carried by those who have so little during his time in the Philippines. He also became determined to find a proactive way to lift poor entrepreneurs from poverty.
Smith soon joined with Warner P. Woodworth of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University and businessman Steven H. Mann, who had experience in international training, to put the process in motion. Together, they organized a group of graduate students to study opportunities and develop networking contacts in the Philippines. A strategic planning team met in Manila in September 1989 and concluded that the poor in the country could best be served by a self-help program offering microenterprise training, mentoring and microcredit.
By January 1990, Mentors was formed in St. Louis, Missouri, and its first partner organization, the Philippines Manila Development Foundation (PMDF) was organized in Manila with a local board of volunteer directors and a small staff. PMDF is now completely self-sufficient, which means all operating costs are covered through interest from the micro loans. Mentors continues to provide annual support to the PMDF Loan Fund, which is then repaid to the parent organization.
Mentors has now established seven partner organizations in all: three in the Philippines, along with organizations in Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Peru. As of January 2010, over 1.6 million individuals in these countries have escaped poverty through the formation of small businesses with loans funded by Mentors.
Mentors extends loans to people of all creeds and faiths and strives to mentor clients with proven business principles to ensure successful enterprises.
Mentors was led by G. Richard Oscarson from 1997 to 2007. The current president and CEO is Mark L. Petersen, and chairman of the board is Kent Petersen. Adriano Oliviera serves as the Director of International Operations. Christopher Kirkland is the Director of Fund and Corporate Development. The title of Director of Finance and Administration belongs to David Stump. Mentors International's Marketing Director is Susan Gray and their Office Manager is Theresa Nielson.
Impact.
Mentors has extended 216,663 small business loans and created 43,226 jobs, impacting 1,689,900 people in Latin America and the Philippines. Since 1990, Mentors has loaned $36,314,868, with an impressive average repayment rate of 97 percent.
Annual Events.
Mentors organizes an annual Gala every Fall in an effort to gain interest and support for their organization. Past performers have included: The Tabernacle Choir, The Five Browns, David Archuleta, Jenny Oaks Baker, and Dallyn Vail Bayles.
Mentors also invites their donors to a luncheon every spring to thank them for their charitable contributions as well as provides them with updated financial standings and client success stories.

</doc>
<doc id="19353741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353741" title="Ava DuVernay">
Ava DuVernay

Ava Marie DuVernay is an American filmmaker, marketer and film distributor. At the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, DuVernay became the first African-American woman to win the Best Director Prize for her second feature film "Middle of Nowhere".
Education.
Attended University of California, Los Angeles.
Film marketing.
DuVernay formed The DuVernay Agency, later known as DVA Media + Marketing, in 1999. The award-winning marketing and publicity firm has provided strategy and execution for more than 100 film and television projects by directors such as Steven Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Michael Mann, Robert Rodriguez, Kevin Smith, Bill Condon, Raoul Peck and Gurinder Chadha.
Filmmaking.
Career beginnings.
In 2008, DuVernay made her feature directorial debut with the documentary, "This Is the Life," a history of LA's Good Life Cafe's arts movement. 
In 2010, she directed several network music documentaries, including "My Mic Sounds Nice" for BET Networks and the Essence Music Festival 2010 for TV One.
In 2011, DuVernay's first narrative feature film, "I Will Follow", a drama starring Salli Richardson-Whitfield, was released theatrically. Roger Ebert championed the film, stating, "'I Will Follow' is one of the best films I've seen about coming to terms with the death of loved one." "I Will Follow" was an official selection of AFI Fest, Pan-African Film Festival, Urbanworld and Chicago International Film Festival.
In the summer of 2011, DuVernay began production on her second feature film, "Middle of Nowhere". The film was acquired by AFFRM and Participant Media at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, where it played in U.S. Dramatic Competition and garnered the Best Director Award for DuVernay, the first African-American to ever win the prize. DuVernay also won the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award for her work on the film.
Current work.
In 2013 DuVernay partnered with Miu Miu as part of their ad campaign Women's Tales. Her short film "The Door" starred actress Gabrielle Union and reunited DuVernay with her "Middle of Nowhere" star Emayatzy Corinealdi. The film was later presented at the 70th Venice International Film Festival.
She also became the inaugural recipient of the Tribeca Film Institute's Heineken Affinity Award receiving a $20,000 prize and industry support for future projects. DuVernay donated all the money to the black arthouse film collective known as AFFRM.
In June of that year, DuVernay was invited to both the director's and writer's branches of AMPAS. DuVernay was only the second black woman, following Kasi Lemmons, to be invited to the director's branch.
A documentary produced and directed by DuVernay commissioned by ESPN for their film series Nine for IX on Venus Williams fight for equal prize money entitled Venus Vs. aired July 2, 2013.
In July, it was announced that DuVernay would direct episode 3.08 of Scandal later titled "Vermont is for Lovers Too".
In August DuVernay released a second short film through Vimeo entitled "Say Yes". The film was sponsored by cosmetic brand Fashion Fair and starred Kali Hawk and Lance Gross. Julie Dash, Victoria Mahoney, Lorraine Toussaint and Issa Rae appeared as extras in the film.
Future projects.
In 2013 she also announced development on a narrative feature film entitled Part of the Sky set in Compton.
Ava DuVernay is slated to take over the directing duties of the Martin Luther King Jr feature project "Selma," replacing Lee Daniels and produced by Plan B.
Film distribution.
On January 7, 2011, an article entitled "Building An Alliance To Aid Films By Blacks" by Michael Cieply was published in "The New York Times" about DuVernay's effort to organize African-American film festivals and orchestrate theatrical releases for black independent films. The collective is called the African-American Film Festival Releasing Movement or AFFRM. DuVernay's "I Will Follow" marked the first theatrical release of AFFRM on March 11, 2011. "I Will Follow" grossed a per-screen-average of $11,563, and expanded from five screens in five cities to 22 screens in 15 cities after its first weekend. AFFRM released the 2011 Sundance Audience Award winner "Kinyarwanda," on December 2, 2011. AFFRM released the 2011 Sundance Film Festival Official Selection "Restless City" by Andrew Dosunmu in April 2012. AFFRM releases Ava DuVernay's, "Middle of Nowhere," Winner of the 2012 Sundance Film Festival for Best Director, on October 12, 2012. In 2013, AFFRM has released Storm Saulter's "Better Mus' Come" and Neil Drumming's "Big Words."

</doc>
<doc id="19353747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353747" title="Pride of the Prairie">
Pride of the Prairie

"Pride Of The Prairie" is a popular song written in 1907 with music by George Botsford and lyrics by Henry J. Breen. The lyrics tell of a cowboy's love for Mary, the "Pride of the Prairie". The chorus is:
The song has been recorded numerous times, perhaps the most noted by Patsy Montana and the Priaire Ramblers (Vocalion 03292) in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19353761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353761" title="Latécoère 290">
Latécoère 290

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 290 was a torpedo bomber floatplane produced in France during the 1930s. Designed by Latécoère in response to an Aéronavale specification for such an aircraft, the 290 was based on its successful Laté 28.3 mail plane. It was a conventional high-wing, strut-braced monoplane that carried a single torpedo externally under the fuselage.
It was tested first with undercarriage installed and then on its intended floats; following which a batch of 20 was ordered by the navy, followed by an order for 10 more. These entered service in 1934, equipping two torpedo squadrons. All were relegated to training duties in early 1939, but four were returned to active service for coastal anti-submarine duties at the outbreak of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19353770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353770" title="Lionel Grigson">
Lionel Grigson

Lionel Grigson (12 February 1942 – 14 June 1994) was a British jazz pianist, cornettist, trumpeter, composer and teacher, who in the 1980s started the jazz course at the Guildhall School of Music. As Simon Purcell wrote in "The Independent", "Whether he inspired or inflamed, Grigson's energies often acted as a catalyst and his interest in, and support for, young jazz musicians contributed significantly to the growth and consolidation of jazz education in Britain...Within the context of a leading international conservatoire, the Guildhall School of Music, in London, Grigson did much to demonstrate and explain the underlying principles common to jazz, classical and indeed all music, and as a result produced a generation of jazz educators possessing a thorough grounding in an area where much educational work is left to chance."
Biography.
Lionel Jermyn Grigson, born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, to Geoffrey Grigson and his second wife Berta (Bertschy) Emma Kunert, was educated at Dartington Hall School and at King's College, Cambridge University. His father was the critic and poet Geoffrey Grigson (Lionel was named after one of his father's brothers who was killed in World War I) and his first wife was the publisher Margaret Busby, co-founder of Allison & Busby.
Music career.
Grigson began playing jazz at the age of 12 at Dartington, and, during the early 1960s was co-leader of the award-winning Cambridge University Jazz Band that included Art Themen and Dave Gelly, and others. Grigson's university contemporary John Cameron has written of being part of the Cambridge "town" rhythm section: "Then there were players like Lionel Grigson, John Hart and Johnny Lynn and they were the 'university' rhythm section and tended to be a bit cerebral and played more like a Bill Evans-type rhythm section, whereas we used to play more like a Charles Mingus rhythm section." In a 1963 short drama film called "Duet", Grigson is credited as a performer in the Music Department, alongside, Brian Gascoigne, John Hart and Jonathan Lynn. In the later 1960s he was resident at The Troubadour coffee house in Old Brompton Road, London, with a regular Sunday afternoon gig, and led his own jazz groups with musicians including John Hart (bass), Pete Burden and Paul Zec (altos), Art Themen and Bobby Wellins (tenors), Spike Wells (drums), Dave Gelly, Mick Pyne and many others. In 1969 the Lionel Grigson-Pete Burden quintet included Tony Levin and Daryl Runswick. Musician and songwriter Tom Norris was among younger musicians who also performed with Grigson.
Grigson was in the original line-up of the jazz rock/fusion group If, and a composition on their second album, "If 2" (1970), is by Busby/Grigson.
During the early 1970s he led an "Afro-Latin-Jazz group" called Ujamaa, "combining straight jazz with African, calypso, Latin and funk elements", with line-ups that variously included Art Themen, Harry Beckett, John Mumford (trombone), Pete Burden, Paul Zec, Phil Lee, Alan Jackson, Paul Whitten (bass), and singer Jeanette Tavernier, among others. In 1980 Grigson was house pianist at Brighton Jazz Club, and from 1984 to 1987 he was musical director of Ziggy's Jazz Club, a launching ground for new talent in British jazz, at a Sunday-night jam downstairs at The Albany in London's Great Portland Street. Grigson also played with some of the most notable international musicians in jazz, including Freddie Hubbard, Philly Joe Jones, Johnny Griffin and Kenny Clarke.
Grigson was for ten years Professor of Harmony and Improvisation at London's Guildhall School of Music (1983–93) and taught on the school's Postgraduate Diploma Course in Jazz. Notable musicians who studied at the Guildhall School under Grigson's tenure there include Rowland Sutherland, Huw Warren, Steve Williamson, Courtney Pine, Jason Rebello, Gerard Presencer, Phil Bent, Mornington Lockett, Cleveland Watkiss and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19353776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353776" title="Sally Dominguez">
Sally Dominguez

Sally Dominguez, (24 October 1969-), practised sustainable architecture for 9 years before designing the award-winning Nest high chair now held in the Permanent Collection of the Powerhouse Museum. In 2004 she invented a rainwater tank which could be used in either horizontal or vertical orientation, the modular Rainwater HOG.
Sally's Rainwater HOG modular tank was named one of the USA's Top 10 Green Building Products of 2008
and was awarded a Spark Design Award also in 2008.
Sally judges inventions on ABC TV's New Inventors. Other professional judging work includes the Wheels Car of the Year awards from 2005 until 2007 and the International Australian Design Award in 2008. Sally is a 2009 Spark Awards judge
Lectures on design for the Board of Studies DesignTech. Currently freelance writing on design, product innovation and sustainability in design for Monument, G and Wheels magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19353779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353779" title="Berre">
Berre

Berre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19353782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353782" title="Aoshima, Miyazaki">
Aoshima, Miyazaki

The island has a surface area of 4.4 hectares and a height of 6 meters.
The Aoshima Subtropical Botanical Garden is located on the island as well as Aoshima Shrine.
One of the prominent features of the island is that it is surrounded by unique rock formations referred to as the "Ogre's Washboard" (鬼の洗濯板 - "Oni no Sentakuita").

</doc>
<doc id="19353784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353784" title="Hockey Victoria">
Hockey Victoria

Hockey Victoria (HV) is the governing body for the sport of field hockey in Victoria, Australia. It is responsible for the administration of intrastate competitions, state representative teams, officials and the financial position of the sport. Its office is located on the ground level of the State Netball and Hockey Centre, in Parkville, a central suburb of Melbourne.
Organisation Structure.
HV is run by a small number of full- and part-time staff, including 
Logo.
In the 1990s, the Victorian Hockey Association operated using a silver-and-black letter 'V'. When the Victorian Hockey Association, Victorian Women's Hockey Association and Victorian Junior Hockey Association amalgamated and became HV in 2003, the new peak body rebranded itself with a new logo. This represents a stylised 'V' and stylised hockey sticks, using the traditional Victorian colours of blue and white.
In September 2010, the HV logo was changed under a directive from Hockey Australia to bring the logos of all the State and Territory Associations into alignment, to demonstrate "that sport is working together for the betterment of [its members, ... to demonstrate a modern and innovative look and feel and present sport in a more professional way"[http://www.hockeyvictoria.org.au/index.php?id=11&tx_ttnews%5bpointer%5d=3&tx_ttnews%5btt_news%5d=648&tx_ttnews%5bbackPid%5d=10&cHash=0dafeabd43. This new series of logos uses the same image, an abstraced person holding a hockey stick, for all Associations with the variation being provided in the colour scheme. HV's new logo uses navy blue, the traditional colour for Victoria, and orange, the alternate colour used by Victorian state teams in the event of a colour clash.
Competition Structure.
HV administers a statewide, club-based competition, where self-administering clubs enter teams into the competition. All competitions are based on a promotion-relegation system of advancement, as outlined below.
Openage (Senior) Competition.
There are two concurrent tiers of competition in Victoria - State League and Pennant/Metro. There are 18 rounds of competition, allowing all teams to play each other twice.
Clubs may only enter one team in the State League (SL) competition, and this is treated as that club's "First XI" or highest-ranked team. State League One (SL1) is the premier competition in Victoria. In 2008, there were five State League grades for men and four for women. There is a maximum of ten teams per grade in State League. If a new club was to enter State League, they would have to enter at the lowest grade and earn promotion to the higher grades.
Clubs may have one team in each grade of Pennant/Metro competition. They progress by earning promotion from lower grades to higher grades. Grades are typically limited to 10 teams per grade, although Metro 4 (the lowest grade) may have fewer teams depending on team entries for that year. Pennant grades are statewide, but Metro grades are district-based to minimise travel distances. The Pennant/Metro grades are ranked as follows:
Thus, the highest grade attainable in the Pennant/Metro competition in Pennant A (PA). This is often the "Second XI" of a SL1 or SL2 club, so it is deemed a very strong competition. In fact, PA is deemed by many to be the second-highest competition behind SL1, although SL2 is considered to be higher than PB.
All Openage/Senior grades have a three-week finals series as follows:
Teams finishing in the bottom two places of each grade after the regular season are relegated to the next lowest grade in that competition. For example, the teams finishing 9th and 10th in PB will be relegated to PC for the next season. Teams being relegated from PD/PE to M1 will go to the most appropriate district of M1 if possible, with one team going to each district. Likewise for teams being relegated from M1 to M2.
Teams finishing 1st in each grade after the regular season (the Minor Premiers) are automatically promoted to the next highest grade in that competition. If that team also wins the Grand Final (the Major Premiers) then the team finishing 2nd in the grade is promoted. If the Minor Premier is not also the Major Premier, then the Major Premier is promoted. For example, Teams A, B, C and D finish 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th in SL2 respectively. A is automatically promoted to SL1, and if A wins the Grand Final, B is promoted as well. If A does not win the Grand Final, the team that does win is promoted instead of B, regardless of where they finished. Only the Minor Premier of each district of M2 is promoted to M1, and likewise for M1 into PD/PE.
Underage (Junior) Competition.
Competition in the Underage competition is based on age, gender and grade. HV operates competitions for age groups under-17, under-15, under-13, under-11 and under-9 in girls and mixed genders. 
In each age group there are several grades, depending on team numbers, as follows:
There is a nominal limit of 10 teams per grade, but this is relatively flexible depending on team entries.
Promotion is based on the performance of a club over a number of years, and is re-examined every year. For example, a team that finished on top of U15PNW may not necessarily be promoted to U15A the following year if that team are all top-age players (hence ineligible for U15 the next year) and the next group of players have performed poorly (for example the U13PNW team finished last in the same year).
Age groups are taken from the 1st of January that year. For example, a player who is 14 on 1 January would be eligible for U15 and U17 grades.
The A-grades have perpetual shields named after notable hockey personalities in Victoria:
All junior grades from U11 to U17 play a two-week finals series as follows:
Overage (Veterans) Competitions.
There are two tiers of veterans competition - over-40 and over-50. Ages are taken from the 31st of December that year.
As for other competitions, 18 rounds are played and there is a limit of 10 teams per grade, except in the bottom grade.
Grades for the over-40 tier are ranked as follows:
There are two women's-only veterans grades, A and B.
Over-50s are colloquially known as "SuperVets" and play in either A or B.
Teams finishing in the bottom two places of each grade after the regular season are relegated to the next lowest grade in that competition. For example, the teams finishing 9th and 10th in VA will be relegated to VB for the next season. Teams being relegated from VB to VC will go to the most appropriate district of VC if possible, with one team going to each district.
Teams finishing 1st in each grade after the regular season (the Minor Premiers) are automatically promoted to the next highest grade in that competition. If that team also wins the Grand Final (the Major Premiers) then the team finishing 2nd in the grade is promoted. If the Minor Premier is not also the Major Premier, then the Major Premier is promoted. Only the Minor Premier of each district in VC is promoted to VB.
Indoor Competition.
Over summer HV runs an Indoor competition. There are competitions for men and women. It is tiered as follows:
There are also underage competitions for under-17, under-15 and under-13 boys and girls.
Intra-State Championships.
HV runs a number of intrastate tournaments throughout the course of the year.
Junior State Championships.
Pre-2010.
Held during the week leading up to the first weekend in July, this was the premier intrastate Championship in Victoria. It consisted of five representative zones competing in a round-robin competition in under-13, under-14 and under-15 age groups in boys and girls competition. U13 and U15 State teams (or final trial squads) were selected from this tournament. Likewise this was the selection tournament for officials such as umpires to attend National Championships.
The competing zones were:
2010 onwards.
At the completion of the 2009 JSC, there was significant speculation that the structure of the Championship would be radically changed. Later that year, HV announced that the number of zones would increase from five to ten (6 metropolitan and 4 regional) and that the structure of JSC would be modified to reduce the time over which it was played. The age groups were revised to be U13 and U15 (run concurrently at the same event in July) and U17 (run separately in October). This brings the State Championships into alignment with the Hockey Australia National Championships (the U17 event provides players that will be U18 in the following April, when the U18 nationals is usually held).
The new zones are as follows:
U18 Women's State Championships.
Traditionally held over the Labour Day long weekend in March, this was a zone-based development tournament. There were typically 10 zone teams selected (Bayside, Central Suburbs, Western Suburbs, Western Highway, Outer Suburbs, Central State, Southwest Districts, Gippsland, Upper Murray, Murray Valley) and they competed in a round-robin phase, with a finals series on the Monday. Zone teams were selected from trials based on the senior club the players play for. This tournament was run for the last time in 2010, being replaced by the U17 State Championship (see above)
Country Carnival.
Affiliated regional associations are invited to send teams to compete in the Country Champs. A senior & veterans competition is held over the Queen's Birthday long weekend in June, and a junior competition was held on the last weekend in June, immediately preceding the Junior State Championships.
In 2012, the Junior Country Carnival was moved to the last weekend in May. This was done to enable regional zones to select their Zone teams for JSC at the event (providing two months for training between this event and the JSC in July). Umpires for JSC from 2012 are also to be selected based on performance at the Junior Country Carnival.
VicStix.
A round-robin tournament is held at the conclusion of each VicStix development program, as a way for the participants to showcase the skills they have learned throughout the program. As VicStix is regionalised, it is straightforward to play each region off against the others. It is typically run during March.
State Teams.
HV enters state representative teams in all national championships run by Hockey Australia. These include:
Additionally, indoor hockey teams are entered in:
A team is typically sent to the U14 invitational held annually, and HV may assist in the selection, coaching and support of the VPSSA (U12) and VSSSA (U16) school teams, although they are administered by School Sport Victoria.
State Uniform.
The traditional colours of the state uniform are navy blue with white highlights, and the alternate colour (particularly used for socks) is orange. Kombat was the official uniform supplier of HV from 2003 to 2009, when Victorian-based Cramark took over the contract. Speculation amongst players was that Kombat was too expensive and too slow, and this local manufacturer could produce uniforms quicker and cheaper. This was short-lived, however, as it appears Cramark went out of business. Kukri is now the official uniform supplier, as it is for almost all of the other States and Territories and the Australian national teams.
Under Kombat, the "Big V" (a white V shape on the front of the navy blue shirt, stretching from shoulder to navel to shoulder) was reserved only for Victoria's premier teams, the Vikings and Vipers. Cramark and Kukri have since introduced that design to all state teams from U15 upwards. The alternate is a white shirt with a blue V.
Development Programs.
HV has been involved in the implementation of its own statewide skills development program known as VicStix. It has also been active in providing affiliated clubs and associations with the tools to run the Hockey Australia-accredited HookIn2Hockey programs for primary-school-aged children, and Rookey programs for younger children.

</doc>
<doc id="19353826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353826" title="Camp Callan">
Camp Callan

Camp Callan was a United States Army anti-aircraft artillery replacement training center that was operational during World War II. It was located in La Jolla, California, but was closed after WWII ended. Few traces of the former base can be seen today.
Location and current use.
Camp Callan was located near U.S. Highway 101 about north of downtown San Diego in the La Jolla area. It occupied a roughly rectangular piece of land approximately north-to-south and east-to-west. This land is on the Torrey Pines Mesa and is near the Pacific Ocean. The northern portion of the former base is today the Torrey Pines Golf Course and the Torrey Pines State Reserve. The southeastern portion of the former base is now part of the University of California, San Diego campus. The rest of the southern portion of the former base includes private land (both residential and commercial), the Scripps Green Hospital and research institutes such as the Salk Institute for Biological Studies. This portion of the former base is in the vicinity of present-day Genesee Avenue and North Torrey Pines Road.
History.
Acquisition.
On October 9, 1940, the San Diego City Council leased the U. S. military of land for a nominal one dollar per year. The city council also leased an additional to the military. Margaret C. Hawkins leased the military and F.T. Scripps, Inc. leased them . The military acquired by revocable permit from the city council and by license from the city council. Altogether, of land for the base was authorized for acquisition by the government.
Early period of operation.
On November 22, 1940, the War Department announced plans to create a replacement training center for Coast artillery units in the Torrey Pines Mesa area. Men inducted into the military under the Selective Service Program would be assigned to this new training center. The purpose of this training center was to teach trainees how to fire long-range weapons in the event the Imperial Japanese Navy tried to attack the West Coast of the United States. This training center was named "Camp Callan" in honor of Major General Robert Emmet Callan, a distinguished Coast Artillery officer.
Construction of the base began in November 1940 and official occupation of the camp was marked by a military flag-raising ceremony that took place on January 15, 1941. Twenty officers and one hundred and twenty enlisted men were present. They were all members of the first unit of operations personnel at the new base. Brigadier General Francis P. Hardaway was the new camp's first commander. He spoke on the importance of the camp to the defense program at this ceremony.
On February 24, 1941, the first large guns arrived at the camp. Nine of these guns were French-made 155 mm guns that dated back to World War I. Around five thousand trainees arrived at the camp between the last week of February and the end of March. They arrived by rail at a nearby reopened railroad station. The first trainees came mostly from Fort Ord and Fort MacArthur in California, Fort Sheridan in Illinois, Fort Missoula in Montana and Fort Vancouver in Washington.
The first military review was held on April 2, 1941. Six thousand men passed in formation before Major General Joseph A. Green, Chief of Coastal Artillery. He congratulated them on the progress they had made in such a short time. Since the camp did not have its own military band, a 100-piece Marine Corps band provided music for this ceremony.
Middle period of operation.
A period of significant change for the camp began in March 1942. The military had seen the terrible damage the Luftwaffe had inflicted on the United Kingdom so they decided to place full training emphasis on anti-aircraft weapons rather than on a combination of seacoast artillery and anti-aircraft weapons. This change marked the beginning of a two-year period of peak activity for the camp. Approximately fifteen thousand trainees were going through their training during each thirteen week training cycle.
Training ranges on the base included a 1,000-inch range, a 200-yard rifle range, a pistol range, an automatic weapons range and a 3-inch anti-aircraft gun range. The trainees learned to use 155 mm, 90 mm, 75 mm, and 40 mm caliber guns as well as the associated fire control equipment. Gun firing positions were established for this training.
In addition to artillery gun positions and small arms ranges, a variety of other facilities and structures were built on the base. These improvements included barracks and cantonments, a 910-bed station hospital, offices, five Post Exchanges, three theaters, five chapels, support buildings, storage buildings and a landfill. In all, the developed part of the base covered twenty-three blocks and had over 297 buildings at this time.
Various living amenities were provided for the health, general education and war training schooling of the trainees, much like other Army camps of the time. A weekly newspaper called "The Range Finder" and an annual pictorial review called "The Callander" were published at the camp. The camp eventually got its own 40-piece military band as well.
Late period of operation.
The training emphasis at the camp changed again during June 1944. The anti-aircraft training program was transferred to Fort Bliss, Texas and the camp assumed an important role in preparations for massive overseas amphibious assaults. However, this period of camp activity was short-lived. By May 8, 1945, the war was over in Europe and by August 15 the Japanese had surrendered. Because of these changes, this training was no longer needed. On November 1, 1945, Camp Callan was declared surplus.
Disposal.
After the camp was declared surplus, the land it was on was disposed of over the course of a year. and an additional of leased land was cancelled on March 25, 1946. of leased land was cancelled on August 9, 1946. of leased land was cancelled on June 30, 1946. of permit land was cancelled on December 13, 1945. of licensed land was cancelled on March 25, 1946. The land under permit was released in lieu of restoration clause. The landfill was not on the permit land.
After closing.
At the time the camp closed, Southern California was facing a shortage of lumber and building materials. This problem was made worse because many veterans chose to stay in San Diego after the war. In order to mitigate this problem, the San Diego City Council negotiated with the War Department to acquire most of the buildings and facilities of the camp (which numbered around five hundred at the time the camp closed). The selling price was $200,000. These material were then resold to veterans and other citizens at reasonable prices. Several thousand homes, several churches and many utilities were constructed from this material. The city recouped its $200,000 investment and made a $250,000 profit on these sales. Part of this profit went to build the Veteran's War Memorial Building in Balboa Park.
Today, almost all evidence of improvements or buildings built on the former base during its existence (except the landfill) have disappeared. A few foundations remain in the area to the north of the UC San Diego campus. The old main entrance of the base is at the Torrey Pines Inn off of Torrey Pines Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19353829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353829" title="Allison MacLean">
Allison MacLean

Allison MacLean (born in Edmonton, Alberta) was a Canadian ice dancer. Her partner was Konrad Schaub. The two began skating together in 1981. They worked their way up the Canadian categories from Juvenile to Senior. In 1988, they represented Canada at Junior Worlds in Brisbane, Australia, finishing 4th. They competed in Mentana, Italy at the international Autumn Trophy Mezzaluna that same year, placing 3rd.
In 1992 Maclean and Schaub moved to Vienna, Austria and began training under Olympic coach Peter Schubl. Allison was granted citizenship in 1994, enabling the team to compete in international competitions representing Austria. As the champions of Austria, MacLean and Schaub went on to win international medals. They represented Austria at European Championships, as well as the World Championships in 1995 and 1996.
1996 was their last year of competing. Coincidentally, their final competition, the 1996 World Championships, were held in their hometown of Edmonton. Upon their retirement from competitive skating, they were the world's longest standing team, having skated together for 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19353837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353837" title="TUTA Theatre">
TUTA Theatre

TUTA Theatre or The Utopian Theatre Asylum is a nonprofit theater company in Chicago. 
TUTA was established in 1995 in Washington, D.C., and its mission is "to engage the American audience with relevant theatre challenging in both form and content." TUTA has produced and created multiple critically acclaimed shows, including Uncle Vanya, Tracks, and It's Only the End of the World.
A small Chicago theater company finding its niche in bringing Eastern European and other international influences into the American theater scene, the company is run by Artistic Director Zeljko Dukich and has a board that boasts numerous influential theaterpersons in the American theater scene.[http://www.tutato.com/tuta.php?action=members].
For the 2008-2009 season, TUTA produced two plays: November's William Shakespeare'sThe Most Excellent and Lamentable Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet (the production Time Out Chicago called "the fall show we're most excited about") and spring's Maria's Field, written by Oleg Bogaev, which the Chicago Reader Recommended saying "the acting is emotionally precise, and the superb scenic, lighting, costume, and sound designs create a realistic environment for the play's poetic ruminations".

</doc>
<doc id="19353838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353838" title="Konrad Schaub">
Konrad Schaub

Konrad Schaub (born in Edmonton, Alberta) was a Canadian ice dancer. His partner was Allison MacLean. The two began skating together in 1981. They worked their way up the Canadian categories from Juvenile to Senior in the discipline of ice dancing. In 1988, they represented Canada at Junior Worlds in Brisbane, Australia, finishing 4th. They competed in Mentana, Italy at the international Autumn Trophy Mezzaluna that same year, placing 3rd.
In 1992 MacLean and Schaub moved to Vienna, Austria and began training under Olympic coach Peter Schubl. Allison was granted citizenship in 1994, enabling the team to compete in international competitions representing Austria. As the champions of Austria, MacLean and Schaub went on to win international medals. They represented Austria at European Championships, as well as the World Championships in 1995 and 1996.
1996 was their last year of competing. Coincidentally, their final competition, the 1996 World Championships, were held in their hometown of Edmonton. Upon their retirement from competitive skating, they were the world's longest standing team, having skated together for 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19353859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353859" title="Kanei Uechi">
Kanei Uechi

Early life.
For the early years of Kanei's life his father refused to speak of his martial arts training. However, his father had once again begun teaching Pangainoon and at the age of 16, and in ill-health, Kanei traveled to the Wakayama Prefecture and began training with his father.
Additions to Uechi-Ryu.
Kanei understood early that students of the modern age would have trouble understanding the formal Pangainoon and its three kata. From 1931 through the rest of his life Kanei labored to develop new methods and forms to help students understand Uechi. From this work came the addition of five new kata and two kumite exercises:
Kanshiwa

</doc>
<doc id="19353870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353870" title="Battle of the Cumberland Gap (1863)">
Battle of the Cumberland Gap (1863)

The September 7–9, 1863 fall of the Cumberland Gap was a victory for Union forces under the command of Ambrose Burnside during his campaign for Knoxville. The bloodless engagement cost the Confederates 2,300 men and control of the Cumberland Gap.
Background.
Major General Ambrose Burnside, commander of the Department and Army of the Ohio, began to advance against Knoxville, Tennessee. Burnside left Cincinnati, Ohio in mid-August 1863. The direct route ran through the Confederate-held Cumberland Gap. Burnside had been delayed in earlier attempts to move out against Knoxville and thus chose not to spend the time to force a passage of the gap. Instead he detached one brigade under Colonel John F. DeCourcy to pose a threat to Brigadier General John W. Frazer's 2,300 man garrison, while the rest of the army bypassed to the south over 40 miles in rugged mountainous terrain. DeCourcy had previously led a brigade in the 1862 operations against the Cumberland Gap under George W. Morgan.
Despite this, Burnside made a rapid advance on Knoxville. Many of the Confederates in eastern Tennessee had been withdrawn for the upcoming Battle of Chickamauga, leaving only two brigades under General Sam Jones (including Frazer's). Having successfully occupied Knoxville on September 2, Burnside could now return his attention to the Cumberland Gap.
Battle.
Frazer and his 2,300-man garrison had little combat experience, yet they had the benefit of a strong natural defense. Frazer's men supplemented this by digging their own trenches. General Simon B. Buckner had given Frazer orders to hold the gap at all cost, yet when Buckner and all his troops were redeployed, no contingency had been formulated for retreat and therefore Frazer continued following his orders from Buckner to hold the gap. DeCourcy's brigade threatened the Confederates from the north, but his brigade alone was not enough to force Frazer out of the gap. Burnside dispatched a second brigade under Brigadier General James M. Shackelford. Shackelford approached from the south and, on September 7, asked for Frazer's surrender. There were still not enough Union troops to convince Frazer to surrender. An ineffectual exchange of artillery followed but that evening Union soldier captured Gap Springs, the Confederate water supply. On September 8 Burnside personally left Knoxville with a brigade under Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert and marched 60 miles in just over a day. Meanwhile both DeCourcy and Shackelford sent messages demanding surrender. Attempting to buy time, Frazer met with the two Union commanders separately, but rejected surrender demands from both.
Around 10:00 a.m. on September 9, Burnside sent a message to Frazer stating he now had a large enough force to carry the gap by storm. The large Union force, little combat experience and low morale (after news of Vicksburg and Gettysburg) all factored into Frazer's decision to surrender. Around 3:00 p.m. Frazer agreed to an unconditional surrender of all the Confederates guarding the Cumberland Gap. Between 100-300 men managed to escape through DeCourcy's lines after the surrender had taken place, but the rest of the soldiers, arms, 14 pieces of artillery and the strategic location were now in Union control. This was the last major operation against the Cumberland Gap and it would remain in Union hands for the rest of the war.
Opposing Forces.
Union.
Department of the Ohio - Maj. Gen. Ambrose E. Burnside
Confederate.
29th North Carolina Infantry Regiment Company E.

</doc>
<doc id="19353873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353873" title="4 (Kumbia Kings album)">
4 (Kumbia Kings album)

4 is the third studio album and fourth album overall by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia Kings and the third studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla. It was released on February 25, 2003 by EMI Latin. This album became their second number one album on the United States "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart. "No Tengo Dinero" song by Juan Gabriel original version on Juan Gabriel's debut album "El Alma Joven" in 1971. The album received a nomination for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 2003.
Track listing.
This tracklisting from Billboard.com
Credits.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19353888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353888" title="Ram-Avtar">
Ram-Avtar

Ram-Avtar is a 1988 movie starting Sunny Deol, Anil Kapoor, Sridevi and Shakti Kapoor. It was directed by Sunil Hingorani, written by Khalid, and produced by Sunil Hingorani.
Plot.
Ram and Avtar are both childhood best friends. The difference between the two friends is that Ram would willingly make priceless sacrifice for his friend; the time when both are separated is when Ram goes abroad to further his studies. In the mean while Avtar takes up employment in an organization run by Sangeeta. Avtar is romantically attracted to Sangeeta but Sangeeta falls in love with Ram; when Ram gets to know that Avtar is in love with Sangeeta he decides to sacrifice his love for his friend sake by getting Avtar married to Sangeeta. But one of Sangeeta's enemies Gundappaswami is willing to expose Ram and Sangeeta's relationship to Avtar.
While dying, he tells Avtar that his wife is a woman of questionable character. Avtar starts suspecting his wife, and his wife calls upon Ram for help. How will Ram's arrival assist their marriage?

</doc>
<doc id="19353900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353900" title="Amal (film)">
Amal (film)

Amal () is a 2007 Canadian drama film directed and written by Richie Mehta. Set in modern-day New Delhi, India, it tells the story of a poor autorickshaw driver, Amal Kumar.
The film was originally released as a short film in 2004, with the same lead actor but a mostly different cast, before it was readapted and expanded into a feature film three years later.
Plot.
Amal Kumar (Rupinder Nagra) is an honest, hardworking sweet-natured autorickshaw driver. who charges the metre rate and is never late to pick up his regular fares: store merchant Pooja (Koel Purie) and a schoolboy, son of exacting lawyer Sapna Agarwal (Seema Biswas).
While riding in Amal's autorickshaw on one occasion, Pooja has her handbag snatched out of her hands by a beggar girl (Tanisha Chatterjee). Amal immediately pursues the girl and the chase ends when the beggar girl is hit by a car. Amal and Pooja take the girl to hospital. From then on, Amal regularly visits the girl, speaks to her doctor and makes sure to remind the nurses to take good care of her.
One day Amal offers his services to an old man who does not reveal his identity, that he is in fact local billionaire G.K. Jayaram (Naseeruddin Shah) and has been wandering the streets of New Delhi searching for an honest man. After asking Amal some questions about his life, making insulting comments about his driving skills, and going back on his words with regard to his destination, G.K. pays the fare, and is surprised that Amal does not accept a three rupee tip.
After a while, G.K. Jayaram dies and leaves his entire estate to the one honest man he believes to have encountered – Amal. His will is not to be read out until Amal reports to Jayarams' lawyer Sapna, who has no idea that Amal is her son's autorickshaw driver. If Amal is not found within a month, G.K.'s estate will be inherited by his family members. Sapna deploys Suresh (Roshan Seth), G.K.'s old companion, to find out Amal's whereabouts but Suresh and G.K.'s son Vivek hatch a plan not to look for Amal so that after a month the Jayarams’ claim inheritance.
In the meantime the condition of Priya, the beggar girl improves but she is in need of a difficult surgery that would cost 50,000 rupees. Amal decides to sell his autorickshaw in order to pay for the girl's surgery. However, Priya dies on the operating table. Amal then takes up a janitor position at a local post office. Touched by Amal's kindness and self-sacrifice, Pooja digs into the money she has been saving for her dowry and buys a carburettor that she knew was needed to fix an abandoned auto-rickshaw lying by Amal’s house. She then brings it to Amal, so he could install it and return to his usual business again.
Meanwhile, Suresh starts questioning his actions later does find Amal and witnesses his true honesty and sweet nature first-hand. He is reluctant to notify Sapna he has found G.K.'s heir but eventually does so the night before the deadline. On the same night he informs Vivek that he is abandoning their original plan and is taking Amal to Sapna's the next day. Vivek attacks Suresh and chokes him to death.
The next morning, Sapna uses some of Suresh's notes and finds out that Amal is her son's autorickshaw driver. She manages to get Amal into the house to sign some papers. Amal, who is still unaware of the inheritance opens G.K.’s letter and takes a long look at it but before Sapna provides any information, she receives a phone call is informed that Suresh has died. Shocked and drawn into the conversation, she does not notice Amal leave with the letter in his hands. On his way out, he is approached by a homeless girl who asks him for a piece of paper to draw on. Amal hands her the letter and drives away.
Meanwhile the homeless girl approaches Sapna's son tells him that the paper Amal has given her to draw on has got writing on it and may be of some importance. To that Sapna's son replies that it would make no difference, as Amal cannot read. The movie ends with Amal picking up Pooja, the two smiling at each other, and a voice over by G.K. saying that he could not imagine what the man who did not want three rupees would do with three-hundred million.

</doc>
<doc id="19353908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353908" title="DJ Hero">
DJ Hero

DJ Hero is a music video game, developed by FreeStyleGames and published by Activision as a rhythm game spin-off of the "Guitar Hero" franchise. It was released on October 27, 2009 in North America and on October 29, 2009 in Europe. The game is based on turntablism, the act of creating a new musical work from one or more previously recorded songs using record players and sound effect generators, and features 94 remixes of two different songs from a selection of over 100 different songs across numerous genres.
To score points, the player must press buttons to activate accented beats, adjust their crossfade between the two songs, and "scratch" the turntable on the game's custom controller in time to marks that scroll on the screen to score points and perform well for the virtual crowd. The game features both a single player Career mode and cooperative and competitive multiplayer modes. The game also features a mode for selected songs for a DJ player to play alongside another player using a "Guitar Hero" guitar controller. Many DJ and mix artists have contributed to the game both in the game's development, the creation of mixes, and in lending their images for playable avatars in the game; these including DJ Shadow, Z-Trip, DJ AM, Grandmaster Flash, DJ Jazzy Jeff, and Daft Punk.
"DJ Hero" was generally well received by game journalists, praising the departure from the "Guitar Hero" series-style of gameplay, the use of the turntable controller to simulate the motions of a DJ and how the game's difficulty curve helps the player to become skilled on it, and the game's soundtrack; several smaller issues were identified as potential improvements for a possible sequel. However, the game did not perform as strongly as expected by industry analysts, believed to be due to the waning interest in music games during 2009; regardless, "DJ Hero" is stated by NPD Group to be the highest-grossing new intellectual property of 2009 in North America.
Gameplay.
"DJ Hero" primarily simulates turntablism, a musical style used by disc jockeys to create a new mashup song by incorporating one or more previously recorded songs played on record players along with sound effect generators. The game features score attack gameplay similar to the "Guitar Hero" games. The controller consists of a wireless deck consisting of a movable turntable that supports 3 "stream" buttons, an effects dial, a crossfader, and a "Euphoria" button; a hidden panel contains additional controller buttons to interact with the gaming console outside of the game. A portion of the controller can be detached and reattached to adapt the unit for left-handed players. Notes travel in an arc across a spinning record on screen, and the player holds down one of the 3 stream buttons to play notes; two buttons reflect the two songs used in that particular mix, and the third represents samples to add to the mix which can be adjusted with the effects dial. The player must also constantly adjust the crossfader to match onscreen symbols, which alters the relative volume of the songs as to bring one song to the forefront of the mix for a short time. Certain tracks are shown on screen as a series of up or down arrow, representing scratching sections, requiring the player to turn the turntable in the direction of the arrows while holding down the button to score points, mimicking the scratching of the record needle on vinyl albums. "Euphoria" is equivalent to "Guitar Hero"'s Star Power, collected by successfully completing specific phrases in the song mix, called Perfect Regions, and can be released by pressing the Euphoria button, doubling the player's current multiplier as well as automatic crossfading when active. There is also a "Rewind" meter that builds through consistent successful playing, and once full, allows the player to rewind the song to fix errors in their performance. The player must continue to perform well or their performance meter will drop and the music track will cut out. Failing the song is not possible, unlike in "Guitar Hero" games.
A single player career mode is available, as well both competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes ("DJ vs DJ"), playable locally or remotely. Ten songs have been specially mixed to also support gameplay with "Guitar Hero" and other compatible guitar controllers in a "DJ vs Guitar" mode. Players can also use a microphone for a non-scoring addition to the mix. A Party Play mode allows the game to automatically play the songs with the ability for a player to jump in and play at any time.
Development.
Activision had initially applied for a trademark on the name "DJ Hero" in early 2008, leading to speculation that Activision was making plans to compete against Konami's "Beatmania" series of music video games with their own DJ game as a possible spinoff of their popular "Guitar Hero" series. FreeStyleGames, a small developer of music games, was employed to help produce localized downloadable content for "Guitar Hero" games and develop another yet-to-be announced music game. This game was later revealed to be "DJ Hero". Activision CEO Robert Kotick confirmed the existence of "DJ Hero" in an interview with CNBC on January 20, 2009, revealing a release "later this year". Activision CFO Thomas Tippl stated that "DJ Hero" would be aimed at a broader audience than the "Guitar Hero" games primarily through the use of more contemporary music in its soundtrack. Producer Will Townsend stated they opted for a wide variety of music to "make sure that everybody has something in there that they want." "DJ Hero" was designed as a party game and to make the player "the life of the party", giving ways for them to be "in control of the music", according to Townsend.
FreeStyleGames teamed up with London based music production company Crossfade Cartel owned by Ofei Sakyi and Dan Neil to ensure the overall quality of the soundtrack. The 16 man music production team used a combination of MIDI software along with the music sequencer program, Ableton Live; the MIDI information was used to construct the gameplay elements such as crossfading and scratching with additional custom export software. Because of this nature, Neil stated that it was much easier to alter a mix to meet certain gameplay goals, taking only a few minutes to complete, compared with the development of songs for "Guitar Hero".
The team worked alongside artists and DJ's for incorporation of songs into the game. Neil stated they brought to artists and DJ's working prototypes of the game and hardware to show them what the sampled music and final mixes sounded like, garnering interest from these groups. This led to securing of rights from several groups for their songs, though this did occur late in the development process. Mixing with celebrity DJ's was performed either though electronic communications, or at FreeStyleGames' studios or the homes or studios of the DJ's themselves; the team outlined the goals of the game and requested mixes that emphasized the gameplay featured, but avoided hampering the creativity of the artists.
DJ Shadow was brought in by Activision during November and December 2008, at least a year into the development into the game, to help select individual songs, help with creating the mixes, and provide additional input for the game, and will also be a playable DJ avatar in the game. He was able to identify old effects samples that were used in the past for scratching for the developers to include the game. To create the mixes, DJ Shadow first created a "dry version" of each mix which did not include any embellishments. DJ Shadow then proceeded to build off that to create the "wet version" with added effects that was used as the base for the gameplay's mixes. Artists Eminem and Jay-Z have also served as consultants for the game; a special edition of "DJ Hero" was branded with their names, and included a limited edition of the controller, a music CD of their songs, a DJ stand, and a travel case for the units. This version is titled "Renegade Edition." Jay-Z stated that he "the freedom" that the game gives him, and was able to work closely with Activision to put in new mixes that he envisioned, and considered the game "a DJ's universe", while Eminem believed "DJ Hero" was a game that he could "see [himself actually playing". DJ's Z-Trip and DJ AM both created mixes for the game and will also be playable DJ's in the game; Z-Trip will also help demonstrate the game at the 2009 E3 Conference. Cut Chemist and J.Period will also be assisting in creating mixes for the game. Grandmaster Flash, DJ Jazzy Jeff, and Daft Punk have contributed remixes to the soundtrack and will also appear as playable avatars. In the case of Daft Punk, a special venue inspired by the group's "Alive 2007" tour was created, that Tim Riley, Vice President for Music Affairs at Activision, considered to be "the next best thing to being at a Daft Punk concert". David Guetta has also contributed three mixes that were made available as downloadable content for the game; Guetta would also serve as a spokesperson in the game's European marketing. As part of the game's promotion, the "DJ Hero" controller appears in the music video for Kid Cudi's "Make Her Say".
On August 28, 2009, DJ AM, a significant contributor to "DJ Hero", was found dead in his apartment in New York City. His death did not affect the release of the game. Tim Riley, vice president of music affairs for Activision, stated that "We are deeply saddened by the loss of DJ AM. We hope that his work on the game will be a fitting tribute to his creative spirit and musical talent". Also, at least one promotional video for the game has included a screen commemorating the deceased DJ, with the message "DJ AM, 1973–2009. In memory of a visionary."
Neversoft's Brian Bright revealed that the use of "Guitar Hero" guitar controllers within "DJ Hero" arose when they tried to create mixes of guitar-heavy and rock tracks in the game; they felt something was missing in these mixes and added in the "Guitar Hero"-style of play alongside it. Bright has stated that, while too late for the planned release of "Guitar Hero 5", they are looking towards future instrument controller interoperability, including use of the "DJ Hero" controller into gameplay for future "Guitar Hero" titles, or using drum controllers within "DJ Hero".
DJ Hero 2.
"DJ Hero 2" was officially announced in June 2010 and was released in October 2010, featuring more than 70 mashups from over 85 artists. The game includes several new gameplay modes, including a "Empire" career mode, head-to-head DJ battles, social multiplayer modes, and a jump-in and out Party Play mode similar to "Guitar Hero 5". The game includes more vocal options for singing and rapping to songs, and a freestyle mode for players. Artists include Eminem, Daft Punk, Chamillionaire, Dr. Dre, Chemical Brothers, Kanye West, Metallica, Lady Gaga, and Rihanna, while Deadmau5, DJ Qbert, David Guetta and Tiësto are playable avatars in the game.
Prior to the game's announcement, Activision revealed a month before the game's release that it is actively seeking artists for downloadable content and a sequel to the game. One DJ in speculation to appear is DJ BJ, including mixer DJ Qbert. David Guetta has stated that he is set to work on the game's sequel to arrive late in 2010. Activision CEO Bobby Kotick stated that despite low sales of "DJ Hero", they are committed to continuing the series, with the sequel due in 2010. The sequel, "DJ Hero 2", was further confirmed during an Activision investors report for 2009, citing it as one of only 2 major "Guitar Hero" titles to be expected from Activision in 2010, with an expected late-2010 release date.
DJ Hero 3D.
At Nintendo's E3 press conference on June 15, 2010, the new Nintendo 3DS handheld console was revealed. At the conference Nintendo listed a number of publishers and franchises coming to the 3DS, one of whom was Activision with "DJ Hero 3D", a new installment in the "DJ Hero" series and the first handheld "DJ Hero" title. The gameplay is similar in nature to "DJ Hero", where the stylus and touchscreen are used to mimic scratching and crossfading between songs. It is unknown if the game is still in development after Activision stopped production of the Guitar Hero (and DJ Hero) franchise.
Legal conflicts.
On April 15, 2009, the publishers of ', Genius Products and Numark, sued against "Scratchs developer, 7 Studios and Activision. The lawsuit contends that Activision purchased 7 Studios to both gain access to proprietary technology and to delay publication of the game so "DJ Hero" could come out first. The Los Angeles Superior Court in which the suit was filed did not grant the requested restraining order against Activision on "DJ Hero". Activision states that "Scratch" was already delayed by as early as October 2008, before they made contact with 7 Studios, and their acquisition of the developers did not impede them from completing "Scratch". However, on April 20, the court reversed its decision, awarding Genius and Numark a temporary restraining order, and ordered the "immediate return" of all of the material from 7 Studios from Activision, including all source code related to "Scratch". 7 Studios subsequently filed a counter-suit against Genius Products, claiming that they engaged in "unlawful and unsavoury business practices" that limited 7 Studios from completing the game as planned.
Soundtrack.
Over 100 individual songs based on master recordings were licensed by Activision, composed into 93 DJ mixes by both participating internationally known DJs and an in-house remix team. Unusually, the audio team also acted as the design team, playtesting all mixes and creating gameplay in tandem with producing the mixes. All mixes were produced using Ableton Live, with most of the scratch routines being performed by former DMC World DJ Champion DJ Blakey. All mixes used in the soundtrack were unique at the time of the game's release. Celebrity mix artists include DJ Shadow, DJ Z-Trip, DJ AM, and Daft Punk in addition to other mix artists listed below, although Daft Punk did not create their levels - they were all created by the in-house remix team. Initial industry speculation stated that DJ Tiësto would be involved with the game, but this was eventually denied. Mix Master Mike of the Beastie Boys was reported to have signed an exclusivity deal with 7 Studios to appear in their game "", meaning that he would also not appear on "DJ Hero."
The individual songs themselves were pulled from a large number of music genres, including Pop, Grunge, Soul, R&B, Techno, Hip Hop, House, Drum & Bass. Most mashup concepts were conceived by the in-house remix team. In addition to mixes using individual songs from both Eminem and Jay-Z, including Jay-Z's "Izzo (H.O.V.A.)" and "Dirt Off Your Shoulder". Eminem also stated that he will have additional songs included later in the year as downloadable content for the game, such as the "Jay-Z vs. Eminem Mix Pack" released in March 2010, featuring three mash up-style songs combining the works of both artists. Universal Music Group is providing much of the content for the game.
Reception.
Reviews.
"DJ Hero" has received positive reviews from the gaming press, who consider the title as a fresh restart of the music genre given the large number of titles based on guitar play. The turntable peripheral was considered to be well designed to meet the needs of the game. The unit's weight, size, and shape, and ability to cater to both left- and right-handed players was commended. Many reviewers noted a need to alter the action of the crossfader, either by having better physical feedback to the player to indicate the center of the knob's track, or by reducing the width of the track to better handle the rapid crossfade maneuvers. Reviewers also noted that there was a certain weight to the turntable portion of the controller which made scratching imprecise, particularly with the inner blue button where only minimal torque can be applied. The learning curve of the game across the various mixes was highly commended by reviewers for helping players to get used to the new controller. When progressing from "Medium" to "Hard" and "Expert" levels and encountering more complex mixes, reviewers thought the game felt transformed, bringing a difficult but more rewarding experience to the player as they begin emulating every part of a real DJ's motions. Johnny Minkley of Eurogamer considered that while the learning curve is steep, with the "Easy" difficulty being "less thrilling and engaging" compared to "Guitar Hero", the game was "structured fabulously to nudge you gradually closer to the summit" with each successive career set and difficulty mode. Cam Shae of IGN Australia felt that the changes in "Hard" mode over "Medium" were somewhat excessive, introducing both more crossfade effects and button-pressing, and felt these could have been introduced separately in "Hard" and "Expert" modes. Richard Li of 1UP.com noted that the inability to fail a song is both "a bane and a boon"; newer players would not feel frustration at trying to get used to the controller and would be able to quickly unlock all the sets in the game's career mode, but without knowing where they failed, they would not have an idea of where they need to hone their skills to improve their performance at the game. The omission of a practice mode was noted by Daemon Hatfield of IGN, believing it would help in some of the more complex mixes by the DJ celebrities. Reviewers believed that the small faults in "DJ Hero" can be easily fixed for potential sequels.
Reviewers found the on-disc soundtrack to be generally strong; Hatfield believed that "the entire soundtrack is superb and could easily stand on its own outside the game". Matt Helgeson of "Game Informer" considered it to be one of the "most adventurous" soundtracks of any music game, and said though it often relied too much on pop hits, it remained true to the spirit of the DJ mix scene. Minkley thought the game to have "vital, varied, surprising and vast musical content" and to be a fresh experience compared to previous music games. Other reviewers felt the soundtrack had some weak areas. Shae noted that many of the mixes felt like "random mash-ups that take disparate songs", which would be appropriate for a live DJ, but does not reflect well on the art of mixing that can be performed today. Li noted a clear distinction in the quality of the mixes between the early sets—those mostly created in-house by FreeStyleGames—and the latter sets centered around the work of famous DJs. While Ben Kuchera of Ars Technica felt the soundtrack was good, he asserted that individual songs were unrecognizable because of modifications made to them for the mixes, and that they were more difficult to adjust to within the gameplay itself. 
Many reviews for "DJ Hero" felt the addition of the non-scoring freeform samples during certain parts of mixes were unnecessary and difficult to use, and with the limited number of samples available, ultimately would lead to overuse and make the mixes sound worse. Reviewers were critical of the game's lackluster multiplayer modes. The DJ-vs-DJ mode was considered poor as both players play the same mix, in consideration of current band-based music games where different players can play different parts of a song. This leads to minimal engagement between players, with each just attempting to maximize their score whenever possible on the controller. While some reviewers considered the DJ-vs-Guitar modes to be fun, others felt it was more a novelty due to the current tracks offered for this mode in the game. The game's graphics were also considered as a negative, often using many strobing lights and creating concerns about possible epilepic seizures that could occur while watching the game. The character designs of the non-celebrity avatars also continued to have the same Muppet-like appearances that occur in the "Guitar Hero" series, and are overly stereotyped. 
"Time" named "DJ Hero" one of the ten best video games of 2009, considering it "the new contender for best party game". "USA Today" considered "DJ Hero" the best music game of the year. "DJ Hero" also won Best Soundtrack at the Spike Video Game Awards 2009. "DJ Hero" has been nominated for the "Outstanding Achievement in Soundtrack" Interactive Achievement Award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.
Sales.
Prior to "DJ Hero"'s release, game industry analysts had projected the title would sell 1.6 million units in its first fiscal quarter; however, after disappointing sales performances of "Guitar Hero 5" and ' in the month prior to "DJ Heros release, analysis had lowered that expectation to 600,000 units. NPD Group figures for the month of October reported only 123,000 units of the game were sold in the United States, below the 175,000 units projected by analysts. November sales in North America were estimated at 211,000 units. Through January 2010, the game has sold 789,000 units in North America. Ars Technica, in considering the game as a "flop" in its present market due to these numbers, attributes the failure being due to four factors: the game was not suited for social play, the cost was prohibitive in the current market, the mixes in the game were relatively unknown despite the individual songs being well-known, and there was a lack of familiarity with how a turntable works for mixing compared with a guitar or drum kit. However, despite these figures, Activision claims that "DJ Hero" is the highest-grossing new intellectual property of 2009 in North America based on NPD data, which reporters attribute to the game's higher cost. Activision's Dan Amirch cited total North American sales of over 1.2 million units by June 2010, and commented on the "long tail" of sales that made "DJ Hero" initially appear to be a failure but instead has been considered a successful title by his company but they ran out of business. They still make money off their games today.

</doc>
<doc id="19353909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353909" title="St. Joseph's Roman Catholic High School">
St. Joseph's Roman Catholic High School

St. Joseph's Roman Catholic High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19353912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353912" title="Myra Albert Wiggins">
Myra Albert Wiggins

Myra Albert Wiggins (1869–1956) was an American painter and pictorial photographer who became a member of the important early 20th century Photo-Secession movement.
Life.
Early years (1869-1889).
Wiggins, "née" Myra Jane Albert, was born on December 15, 1869 in Salem, Oregon. She was the second of four children born to John Henry Albert and Mary Elizabeth Holman. Her father worked his way from being a bookkeeper in a local linseed oil company to becoming president of the Capital National Bank in Salem.
She showed natural artistic talent at an early age, and she would spend hours drawing and painting both in her home and in the fields around Salem. Her parents encouraged her talent both because she was very good and because a cultural background in the arts was expected for upper class women of the time. When she was 17, she won the first of many awards for painting at the Oregon State Fair, and between 1886 and 1907 she won a total of 94 more state fair awards for her art.
About 1888 she met her future husband, Frederick Arthur Wiggins, who was the owner of a local store that was one of the first to offer a variety of products under one roof. Among the products he offered were bicycles, which at that time were first becoming a craze among younger people, and Myra recalled that she first met Fred while riding around town on her bicycle. Their families were very active in outdoor activities, and several times a year they would see each other at outings in the area.
Wiggins said that her introduction to photography was her brother's doing since he wanted to take a photograph of his sweetheart and, not having a camera, thought their father would be more likely to buy one if both of them said they would use it. In 1889, they acquired a large glass-plate camera and tripod, and soon she was using it far more than her brother. Some of her first pictures were taken on one of her family's many trips to the Oregon Coast.
Within two years she won a new camera as first prize in the amateur division of a competition held by "West Shore" magazine, and many of the photographs she submitted for the contest were exhibited at the Portland North Pacific Industrial Exposition in 1890.
Becoming an artist (1890-1899).
Like many progressive women of the late 19th century, Myra was sent to New York for her higher education. She studied at the Art Students League of New York from 1891-1894, where she took classes from William Merritt Chase and John Twachtman. Chase in particular influenced her thinking about art, and when she brought her photographs for him to view he would sometimes write comments on the back of them. She immortalized Chase in a famous 1891 photograph of the artist teaching at the league, surrounded by his female students.
While she was studying in New York, she would return to Salem during the summers, and in the summer of 1892, she announced her engagement to Fred Wiggins. When she returned to New York that fall, she became one of the first female members of the New York Camera Club. She used the club's darkroom facilities, and it was here that she met Joseph Keiley, an influential photographer, writer, and close friend of Alfred Stieglitz.
She and her fiancé were married on November 24, 1894 in Salem, and their daughter Mildred, their only child, was born in 1896.
Master of photography (1900-1929).
In 1900, Wiggins was given first of two one-woman exhibitions of her photography at the Chicago Art Institute. She had already met and corresponded with the most important photographer of the time, Alfred Stieglitz, and in 1903 he admitted her as a member in the newly formed Photo-Secession.
In the fall of 1903, one of Wiggins photographs was included in the Hamburg Jubilee Exhibition in Hamburg, Germany, and in the London Salon organized by the famous Linked Ring. A review of the latter exhibition in the British magazine "Photography" contains these words of praise:
In 1904, Wiggins was one of five Oregon delegates selected to go on a "Cruise of the Christians" to attend the World's Fourth Sunday School Convention in Jerusalem. She photographed scenes both on the boat and when she arrived, often developing the film in her room at night. On the return trip she stopped in Paris and London specifically to see major photographic salons that were on exhibit at the time. Later that year she published "Letters from a Pilgrim" (Salem: Statesman Publishing), a photographically illustrated description of her journey to the Middle East.
That same year, Stieglitz sent 200 photographs representing the best artists of the Photo-Secession to the Hague International Photography Exhibition. Among those artists he included were Wiggins and her Oregon colleague Sarah Ladd. Wiggins also had photographs published in several important magazines, including "Photo-Era", "The Photo Miniature", "Photograms of the Year" and "Die Kunst in Der Photographie" (a high quality German quarterly similar to "Camera Work").
Wiggins' mother Mary died in 1905 after being in a car wreck. Her father, who was driving, was not injured, but he suffered greatly from guilt and anguish in the following years.
In 1906, she was included in the invitational exhibit "The Work of Women Photographers of America" at the Camera Club of Hartford, Connecticut. Wiggins was one of 26 women who were presented in the show. Later that year two of her photographs were included in the annual members exhibit at Stieglitz's Little Galleries of the Photo-Secession in New York.
By 1907, Fred Wiggins wanted to enter the plant nursery business and he moved his family to Toppenish in central Washington. Fred started the Washington Nursery Company, and Wiggins tried to help her husband financially by opening an art studio and school. Her new hometown area was much more rural and undeveloped than Salem, and much of the countryside around the town was dry and dusty. The dust caused health problems for Wiggins, and it was several years before she could produce a regular income from her painting.
Wiggins continued to photograph as much as her health allowed, and she exhibited again at the Little Galleries in New York and at the Arts and Crafts Exhibition in San Francisco. Fellow Photo-Secessionist Anne Brigman commented on Wiggins' photos in the latter show, saying she "invariably infuses her work with an atmosphere of tender sadness."
Over the next decade Wiggins' photos were shown in many important exhibitions, including the International Exhibition of Pictorial Photography in New York City (1909), the Annual Pictorial Photography Invitation in Seattle, Washington (1910) and the landmark International Exhibition of Pictorial Photography (1910) at the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, New York. Encouraged by the interest in her work by other photographers in Seattle, Wiggins started to spend more time in that city.
From the mid-1910s to the late 1920s, she alternated between helping her husband with his business and taking her photographs to Seattle when there was enough money to go. During this time she also developed an interest in lecturing about her work, other photographers and about art in general.
In 1928, the Seattle Fine Arts Society gave Wiggins her last one-woman photography exhibit.
Master of painting (1930-1956).
In 1930, Wiggins co-founded the Women Painters of Washington, one of the state's oldest existing arts organizations. Through her lecturing and classes, she became a vital force in most of the region's arts activities. In 1932 she moved permanently to Seattle.
She continued to paint for many years and was recognized for her artistry through retrospective exhibits at the Seattle Art Museum (1953) and the de Young Museum in San Francisco (1954). She also had one-person shows of her paintings in Vancouver, Chicago, New Orleans, Louisiana and New York. By the time she turned 86 in 1955, she had completed 114 paintings.
On January 13, 1956 Wiggins died of a stroke. She was actively painting up until the time of her death. Her husband died in an accident four months later.
Her work is in the permanent collections several important museums, including the Portland Art Museum, the Getty Museum and the National Museum of American Art at the Smithsonian Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="19353916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353916" title="Bayfest (Mobile)">
Bayfest (Mobile)

BayFest is an annual three day music festival in the heart of downtown Mobile, Alabama. The festival offers a variety of music including pop, jazz, classic rock, alternative, R&B, rap, gospel, modern rock and more. The Launching Pad stage during Bayfest focuses on local and regional talent. The event encourages "going green" by providing recycling throughout the grounds. 
History.
Growing from an initial attendance of 50,000 people in 1995 BayFest has become known for its array of musical talent suited to a wide variety of tastes. The festival now includes over 125 live musical acts on nine stages and has an average attendance of more than 200,000 people during the three-day weekend each year. Throughout the past fifteen years, acts such as 3 Doors Down, Alice in Chains, B.B. King, The Beach Boys, Big & Rich, Collective Soul, Hootie & The Blowfish, Keith Urban, LeAnn Rimes, Ludacris, The Temptations, Travis Tritt, Stone Temple Pilots, Uncle Kracker, and Velvet Revolver have performed at BayFest. The 2008 lineup included Better Than Ezra, Bow Wow, Buckcherry, Eric Church, Kid Rock, Nelly, Puddle of Mudd, Sister Hazel, Three Days Grace, and Wynonna Judd. BayFest has been voted Mobile's "Best Annual Event" in "Mobile Bay Monthly" magazine six times in its eleven years, surpassing Mardi Gras. It has been named as one of the Southeast Tourism Society's "Top 20 Events" several times since 1995.
Organization.
The festival is organized each year by BayFest, Inc., a non-profit organization consisting of more than 1000 non-paid volunteers. All ticket sales are invested directly back into the festival for upcoming events.
Lineups.
2013 Lineup.
Bayfest 2013 will take place on October 4-6, 2013 and the initial lineup announcement is expected in mid-June. 
2012 Lineup.
Bayfest 2012 took place from October 5-7, 2012 and the lineup included: Journey, Luke Bryan, Bush, Pretty Lights, Big & Rich, Buckcherry, My Darkest Days, Pat Benatar, Loverboy, Ledisi, Al Green, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Chris Cagle, Eric Benet, Ruben Studdard, Willie Nelson, Michael Franti & Spearhead, Rose Royce, Charlie Wilson, Brandon Green, Tank, Mimosa, The Campaign 1984, Dennis Nelson, and more. 
2011 Lineup.
Bayfest 2011 took place from October 7-9, 2011 and the lineup included: Korn, Blake Shelton, 3 Doors Down, Duran Duran, Hinder, Eric Church, Toby Keith, Ludacris, Drowning Pool, Anthony Hamilton, Theory of a Deadman, Shaggy, Wiz Khalifa, NEEDTOBREATHE, The Campaign 1984, Dennis Nelson, and more. 
2010 Lineup.
Bayfest 2010 took place from October 1-3, 2010 and the lineup included: Godsmack, Shinedown, Motley Crue, Nelly, Five Finger Death Punch, Saving Abel, Lady Antebellum, Adelitas Way, Papa Roach, Sick Puppies, Skillet, Fuel, Tonic, Rehab, Earth, Wind & Fire, Grayson Capps, and more. 
2009 Lineup.
Bayfest 2009 took place from October 2-4, 2009 and the lineup included: Stone Temple Pilots, 3 Doors Down, Steve Miller Band, Train, Ludacris, Chevelle, Cage the Elephant, Cavo, Halestorm, Pop Evil, Meat Puppets, and more. 
2008 Lineup.
Bayfest 2008 took place from October 3-5, 2008 and the lineup included: Darius Rucker, Kid Rock, Three Days Grace, Candlebox, Eric Church, Nelly, Blake Shelton, Better Than Ezra, David Nail, Sister Hazel, Saving Abel, Puddle of Mudd, P.O.D., Bow Wow, and more. 
2007 Lineup.
Bayfest 2007 took place from October 5-7, 2007 and the lineup included: Velvet Revolver, Alice in Chains, Blue Öyster Cult, Big & Rich, LeAnn Rimes, Ludacris, Daughtry, Hellyeah, Flyleaf, John Miller, Luke Bryan, Willie Clayton, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, Sparta, Operator, The S.O.S. Band, Chaka Khan, Brick, Barry Richman, Dennis Nelson, and more.
2006 Lineup.
Bayfest 2006 took place from October 6-8, 2006 and the lineup included: Lynyrd Skynyrd, Gretchen Wilson, MC Hammer, Keith Anderson, Shinedown, Evans Blue, 10 Years, Al Green, Michael Bolton, Gary Allan, Trick Pony, Hinder, Blaine Larson, The Wreckers, and more. 
2005 Lineup.
Bayfest 2005 took place from October 7-9, 2005 and the lineup included: Widespread Panic, Grand Funk Railroad, Jason Aldean, The Grass Roots, Hot Apple Pie, Craig Morgan, Dark New Day, Elvin Bishop, The Lowdown, Kool & The Gang, Adam Holt & The Blues Congregation, and more. 
2004 Lineup.
Bayfest 2004 took place from October 1-3, 2004 and the lineup included: The Beach Boys, The Charlie Daniels Band, Travis Tritt, Collective Soul, Three Days Grace, Breaking Benjamin, Seether, Uncle Kracker, Ruben Studdard, George Clinton & Parliament Funkadelic, Josh Turner, John Miller, Brad Cotter, Regina Belle, Buddy Jewell, The Commodores, Will Downing, Andy Smith, Dr. Hook, Edwin McCain, Emerson Drive, The Movement, Dennis Nelson, and more. 
2003 Lineup.
Bayfest 2003 took place from October 3-5, 2003 and the lineup included: Village People, Keith Urban, John Miller, Sugar Ray, Ludacris, Blue October, Trace Adkins, Andy Griggs, The Gap Band, Default, Billy Currington, The Manhattans, Bobby "Blue" Bland, and more. 
2002 Lineup.
Bayfest 2002 took place from October 4-6, 2002 and the headliner was Stone Temple Pilots. 
2001 Lineup.
Bayfest 2001 took place from October 5-7, 2001 and the headliner was Live. 
1996 Lineup.
Bayfest 1996 took place from October 4-6, 1996 and the headliner was Widespread Panic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353921" title="Bayfest">
Bayfest

Bayfest may refer to the following annual music festivals:

</doc>
<doc id="19353932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353932" title="Ascaric (archbishop of Braga)">
Ascaric (archbishop of Braga)

Ascaric (died 810/1) was either the Bishop of Astorga or the Archbishop of Braga. He was condemned in the third letter of Pope Hadrian I for adoptionism sometime between 785 and 791 (probably 786). His "Epistula ad Tuseredum" ("letter to Tuseredo"), explaining the resurrection of the body, places him in the Kingdom of Asturias at the time. He also penned a poem to Tuseredo, modelling it on the "Hamartigenia" of Prudentius and the verse of Coelius Sedulius. 

</doc>
<doc id="19353944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353944" title="Aoshima">
Aoshima

Aoshima is a Japanese name meaning "blue island". It is most commonly written as 「青島」, but may also be written in the following ways: 「青嶋」, 「蒼島」,「青嶌」.
Aoshima may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19353949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353949" title="Nicot">
Nicot

Nicot is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19353954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353954" title="Angilan">
Angilan

Angilan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19353962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353962" title="St. Peter's RC School">
St. Peter's RC School

St. Peter's RC School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19353997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19353997" title="Dizavar">
Dizavar

Dizavar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19354017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354017" title="HD 134335">
HD 134335

t
HD 134335 is a star in double system in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19354038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354038" title="Secretary of State of South Dakota">
Secretary of State of South Dakota

The Secretary of State of South Dakota is an elected constitutional officer of the U.S. state of South Dakota.
The current Secretary of State is Jason Gant.
The Secretary of State's Office is composed of three divisions:
Other duties.
The Secretary serves on the State Board of Finance and maintains legislative records.

</doc>
<doc id="19354045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354045" title="Sternwarte Hubelmatt">
Sternwarte Hubelmatt

Sternwarte Hubelmatt (Hubelmatt Observatory) is an astronomical observatory operated by Astronomische Gesellschaft Luzern. Built in 1979, it is located in the school "Hubelmatt West" at Lucerne
in the Canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19354047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354047" title="Türkoba">
Türkoba

Türkoba or Tyurkoba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19354059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354059" title="Enrichment culture">
Enrichment culture

An enrichment culture is a medium with specific and known qualities that favors the growth of a particular microorganism. The enrichment culture's environment will support the growth of a selected microorganism, while inhibiting the growth of others. Lourens Bass Becking succinctly summarized enrichment cultures' abilities when he said "everything is everywhere; the environment selects."
The microbiologist (and botanist) Martinus Beijerinck is credited with developing the first enrichment cultures. Sergei Winogradsky also experimented on bacteria using different cultures.
Examples.
High salt concentration will select for halophiles. High temperatures will select for thermophiles.
Selenite broth is used to selectively isolate Salmonella species. Alkaline Peptone Water is used for the cultivation of vibrio Both these examples are clinically relevant for clinical microbiology relating to stool samples.

</doc>
<doc id="19354061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354061" title="Ageo Medics">
Ageo Medics

Ageo Medics is a women's volleyball team based in Ageo city, Saitama, Japan. It plays in V.Challenge League. The club was founded in 2001.
The owner of the team is Ageo Medical Group.
Current squad.
as of October 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19354070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354070" title="Henry Winslow Woollett">
Henry Winslow Woollett

Henry Winslow Woollett DSO, MC & Bar (5 August 1895 – 31 October 1969) was a World War I fighter ace who scored 35 victories and continued to serve in the Royal Air Force during the 1920s.
Early life.
Henry W. Woollett grew up in Southwold, Suffolk, England and was educated at Wellingborough School (1907–1913). A doctor's son, he was pursuing medical studies when World War I began. He immediately enlisted and on 19 November 1914 was commissioned a second lieutenant in an infantry unit, the Lincolnshire Regiment. He then served in the Gallipoli Campaign, landing at Suvla Bay. In 1916, he requested and received transfer to the Royal Flying Corps. He qualified as a pilot after only 3.5 hours flight time.
His Career as an Ace.
In November 1916, he was assigned to No. 24 Squadron to fly the Airco DH2. These early fighter planes had a rear "pusher" engine format and a forward firing machine gun with a clear field of fire making synchronisation unnecessary. It was flying one of these that Woollett claimed his first victory, on 5 April 1917, destroying an Albatros D.III. 
In the summer of 1917 No. 24 squadron switched to flying the Airco DH.5. The DH.5 was unusual in design with the top wing having a 'back stagger', behind the lower wing, to give the pilot good visibility, especially overhead. Given its lack of power (top speed was 102 miles per hour) and poor performance at higher altitudes, it was used more for ground attack than air combat. Nevertheless, it was while flying the DH.5 that Woollett destroyed three more German planes and drove another down 'out of control'. On 17 August 1917, he became an ace, and was promoted to flight commander. He was posted back to England as a flight instructor at Eastbourne in August 1917. On 9 January 1918, he was awarded the Military Cross; a Bar in lieu of a second award would follow on 22 June.
He returned to combat in France in March 1918 with No. 43 Squadron, operating Sopwith Camels. He achieved ten victories in March and was a triple ace by month's end. Beginning on 24 March, he began a series of 22 victories with Camel number D6402, making it one of the more successful airframes in the war. Victories 14 and 15 were over observation balloons, considered highly dangerous targets due to their heavy anti-aircraft protection and fighter cover.
Even in an era of relaxed garb and standards, Woollettt was colourful. He wore a leopardskin flying helmet and gauntlets when he flew. His airplane was equally distinctive, with the propeller spinner painted as a Native American's face and a dragon trailing down the length of the fuselage. He also briefly adorned his plane with white 'splotches' as experimental camouflage to aid his balloon busting, but his superiors made him remove them.
Eccentric he may have been, but he was also effective. April saw him claim six more German airplanes and five more balloons. He shot down six planes on a single day—12 April. It was a record day unsurpassed by any pilot in the entire war. Belgium's top ace of World War I, Willy Coppens described Woollett's exploits: 
Woollett downed a balloon and two planes in May, an enemy fighter and two balloons in July, and finished up by destroying a Fokker D.VII to end his war with 35 victories. He had scored at least 23 of his triumphs in the same Camel, serial number D6402, which he overturned and damaged on 21 July. His final wartime duty was a posting back to England to command a training wing.
His account consisted of 20 enemy planes destroyed, (including 4 shot down in flames), 4 more aircraft down 'out of control' and 11 balloons destroyed.
Post war.
Woollett was awarded the French Legion d'Honneur on 30 November 1918, and the Croix de Guerre with Palm on 15 July 1919. He served in Iraq during the 1920s, being appointed Squadron Leader as of 11 December 1928. He also was Squadron Leader of No. 23 Squadron in 1930–1931. One of the pilots assigned to his command was Douglas Bader, the World War II ace.
Some time after that, Woollett left the service; however, he was later appointed Acting Pilot Officer on 1 February 1941 for duration of hostilities for World War II.
He died on 31 October 1969.
Honours and awards.
Distinguished Service Order
Military Cross & Bar
Legion d'Honneur (France) - 30 November 1918
Croix de Guerre with Palm (France) - 15 July 1919

</doc>
<doc id="19354084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354084" title="Carnforth High School">
Carnforth High School

Carnforth High School is a mixed, comprehensive 11-18 school in Carnforth, Lancashire, England. The school holds specialist Science College status.

</doc>
<doc id="19354091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354091" title="Queens' Bedroom">
Queens' Bedroom

The Queens' Bedroom is on the second floor of the White House, part of a guest suite of rooms that includes the Queens' Sitting Room. The room was "named for the many royal guests it has hosted, including queens of the Netherlands, Greece, Norway, Nepal, and the United Kingdom".
Furnishings.
The room has been furnished in 1868 Federal style since the Truman reconstruction. The bed thought to have belonged to Andrew Jackson is used here. It was donated in 1902 and first used in what is today the Lincoln Bedroom.
History.
Before the construction of the West Wing in 1902, it was the usual bedroom and office for presidential private secretaries. Many male relatives, including sons of presidents, used the room as their bedroom. The room became a regular bedroom suite when the president's staff moved into the West Wing. When the White House was gutted and rebuilt during the Truman administration, this room was rebuilt as a guest suite with its own bathroom.
Winston Churchill stayed in the room when he visited Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman before and after World War II. Mamie Eisenhower once had her son, John, and his wife, Barbara, move to another room because she felt that only queens and similar state guests should stay in this room. Jacqueline Kennedy considered taking the room for herself in 1961, but settled instead on the traditional master suite.
Between 1902 and 1963, the room was known as the Rose Room. Anna Roosevelt, daughter of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, moved into the room in 1944 and served as the President's assistant and White House hostess during her mother's frequent absences. President and Mrs. Kennedy used the Queens' Bedroom while the master suite was being decorated in their first weeks in the house.
In popular culture.
In the television series "The West Wing", the residence bedroom used by President and Abigail Bartlet closely resembles the Queen's Bedroom.

</doc>
<doc id="19354123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354123" title="New South Wales Z17 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z17 class locomotive

The 17 class (formally H.373 class) was a class of steam locomotive built by the Vulcan Foundry for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
Ordered from the Vulcan Foundry 12 were placed in service in 1887. They had the 4-4-0 wheel arrangement that most locomotives had at the time. Shortly after delivery the class leader was tested against the Baldwin Locomotive Works built L304 class to see which one could make a faster and better run across the Blue Mountains to Eskbank,with the Baldwin locomotive judged superior. They were also intended to haul passenger service on the steeply graded Sydney to Newcastle and Kiama lines.
They proved unpopular with both locomotive crews because of rough riding and track maintenance staff because of their high axle load and were displaced from mainline working and relegated to branch line work following the arrival of the P6 class. In 1905/06, new boilers with Belpaire fireboxes were fitted, the smokeboxes shortened and the cylinder diameter reduced. In 1924 the class was renumbered becoming the Z17 class. 
Demise and Preservation.
As they became due for reboilering they began to be withdrawn from January 1934 with only four in service by 1948. 

</doc>
<doc id="19354129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354129" title="Midwest Political Science Association">
Midwest Political Science Association

The Midwest Political Science Association (MPSA) is a professional association of political science scholars and students in the United States. It was founded in 1939, and publishes the American Journal of Political Science in conjunction with Rice University.
In April of each year, the MPSA holds one of the largest political science conferences in the United States. In 2013, more than 5,700 presenters presented almost 4,700 papers at the conference. Traditionally, the MPSA Conference is held in Chicago, Illinois at the historic Palmer House Hilton.
For the 2014 MPSA conference, September 30, 2013 is the deadline for submitting complete panel proposals, and October 4, 2013 is the deadline for submitting paper and roundtable proposals

</doc>
<doc id="19354132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354132" title="State Street Historic District">
State Street Historic District

State Street Historic District may refer to the following districts on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="19354135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354135" title="Spencer V. Jones">
Spencer V. Jones

Spencer Virgil Jones (born September 17, 1945 in Safford, Arizona) was a general authority and member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 2002 to 2010.
Biography.
Jones was raised in the largely Latter-day Saint town of Virden, New Mexico. He served an LDS mission in the church's Argentina North Mission. He studied at Eastern Arizona Junior College and the Church College of Hawaii before he received a bachelor's degree in Animal Science from Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. He was a businessman and business owner for over 20 years in Gallup, New Mexico, involved in furniture retailing, manufactured housing, and ranching.
He is married to Joyce Elizabeth Mathews and they are the parents of three children.
Prior to becoming a general authority, he served in several positions in the LDS Church, including bishop, high councilor, mission president, and area authority seventy. From 2000 to 2002, he was an area authority seventy in the church's Caribbean Area, one of only a few to serve in an area where they had not previously lived. He served as president of the church's Chile Antofagasta Mission from 1994 to 1997.
Jones lived in Guatemala City from 2003 to 2007 while he served as president of the church's Central America Area from 2003 to 2007. During that time he presided at the groundbreaking of the Panamá City Panamá and Tegucigalpa Honduras temples. He later served at church headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah. In May 2010, he was called to serve as president of the church's New Mexico Farmington Mission, beginning in July 2010. He was honorably released as a general authority at the church's general conference on October 2, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19354137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354137" title="Latécoère 380">
Latécoère 380

The Latécoère 380 was a flying boat airplane built in France in 1928 for use on Aéropostale's mail routes to South America. The plane later saw military service as a maritime patrol aircraft.
It was a conventional flying boat design with a parasol wing braced to sponsons on the duselage sides, and two engines mounted in a tandem push-pull pair. In September 1931, it was used to set six world seaplane records, including three speed-with-load-over-distance records and a closed circuit distance-with-load record of . A second mail plane was constructed soon afterwards, with the three military examples following in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19354153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354153" title="Phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1">
Phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1

In the field of biochemistry, 3-phosphoinositide dependent protein kinase-1, also known as PDPK1 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "PDPK1" gene. It is implicated in the development and progression of melanomas.
Function.
PDPK1 is a master kinase, which is crucial for the activation of AKT/PKB and many other AGC kinases including PKC, S6K, SGK. An important role for PDPK1 is in the signalling pathways activated by several growth factors and hormones including insulin signalling. 
Mice lacking PDPK1 die during early embryonic development, indicating that this enzyme is critical for transmitting the growth-promoting signals nescessary for normal mammalian development. 
Mice that are deficient in PDPK1 have a ≈40% decrease in body mass, mild glucose intolerance, and are resistant to cancer brought about by hyperactivation of the PI3K pathway (PTEN+/-).
Etymology.
PDPK1 stands for 3-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase 1. PDPK1 functions downstream of PI3K through PDPK1's interaction with membrane phospholipids including phosphatidylinositols, phosphatidylinositol (3,4)-bisphosphate and phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate. PI3K indirectly regulates PDPK1 by phosphorylating phosphatidylinositols which in turn generates phosphatidylinositol (3,4)-bisphosphate and phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate. However, PDPK1 is believed to be constitutively active and does not always require phosphatidylinositols for its activities. 
Phosphatidylinositols are only required for the activation at the membrane of some substrates including AKT. PDPK1 however does not require membrane lipid binding for the efficient phosphorylation of most of its substrates in the cytosol (not at the cell membrane).
Structure.
The structure of PDPK1 can be divided into two domains; the kinase or catalytic domain and the PH domain. The PH domain functions mainly in the interaction of PDPK1 with phosphatidylinositol (3,4)-bisphosphate and phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate which is important in localization and activation of some of membrane associated PDPK1's substrates including AKT. 
The kinase domain has three ligand binding sites; the substrate binding site, the ATP binding site, and the docking site (also known as PIF pocket). Several PDPK1 substrates including S6K and Protein kinase C, require the binding at this docking site. Small molecule allosteric activators of PDPK1 were shown to selectively inhibit activation of substrates that require docking site interaction. These compounds do not bind to the active site and allow PDPK1 to activate other substrates that do not require docking site interaction. PDPK1 is constitutively active and at present, there is no known inhibitor proteins for PDPK1.
The activation of PDPK1's main effector, AKT, is believed to require a proper orientation of the kinase and PH domains of PDPK1 and AKT at the membrane.
Interactions.
Phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 has been shown to interact with SGK, PRKACA, Sodium-hydrogen exchange regulatory cofactor 2, PRKCD, Protein kinase Mζ, PKN2, PRKCI, Protein kinase N1, YWHAH and AKT1.

</doc>
<doc id="19354176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354176" title="2008 Rally of WA">
2008 Rally of WA

The 2008 Australian Rally Championship Rally of WA was held in, around and near the town of Nannup, Western Australia. Once again, 20 stages were featured in the Rally and it was won for the 6th time by Toyota Team Racing driver, Neal Bates.
Results.
The rally commenced at Busselton with 2 special stages. It then moved across through Kinky, Ferndale, Ellis, Healthway before returning to Nannup, Western Australia at the end of the First Leg. The 2nd Leg started once again at Busselton before moving to Brockman(A stage for the Targa Rally) and repeating the Heathlway and Ellis stages before finally finishing the 2 day rally at Hellium.

</doc>
<doc id="19354200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354200" title="Y Tenerte Otra Vez">
Y Tenerte Otra Vez

Y Tenerte Otra Vez is a studio album released by Pepe Aguilar. This album became his first number one album on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Tracklisting.
This tracklisting from Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="19354202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354202" title="Desasevini Grameena Vayanasala">
Desasevini Grameena Vayanasala

Desasevini Grameena Vayanasala, established in 1947, is a grade A public library in Ernakulam District of Kerala State. The library serves as the most important information store and cultural centre of Puliyanam and has a collection of more than 12,000 books on various subjects. Vayanasala has a separate children's group (Balavedi), a students' corner, and a Mahatma Gandhi corner. It has more than 300 reference books in various subjects.
Administration.
Apart from revenues from members, the library runs with a government grant of Rs. 20000.00 for purchasing books in a fiscal year of April–March. Other allowances include the librarian allowance of Rs.18000.00. The library also gets a yearly grant for Students corner, Balavedi (children’s group) for buying books and making activities. Around 500 new books are added every year.
The library is housed in its own building made in 1996 with financial and physical help of people around Puliyanam. This new building includes a big reading hall and library. As per the culture of Kerala most people will use reading room for varies dailies and weeklies. Library has more than 1500 active members. Two librarians are working here with two modes of operation. Apart from regular library coming members, the library has a home delivery service, known as Lady books, for women issuing project (vanitha pusthaka vitharana padhadi) newly started by Kerala State Library Council. Vayanasala completed its diamond jubilee of service. Pro. K. Sachidanandan inaugurated the library's jubilee celebration on November 4, 2007. Dr.M leelavathy & N. K. Desam were presented its inaugural function. V T memorial speech and issuing of V T award was conducted at that time. It is Kerala's first local library which has its own library management software built by committee members 2004-07.
Organizing committee.
The organizing committee of the library is composed of eleven executive members who serve for four years.

</doc>
<doc id="19354207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354207" title="François Pallu">
François Pallu

François Pallu (1626–1684) was a French bishop. He was a founding member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society and became a missionary in Asia.
Life.
Born in Tours, now in Indre-et-Loire, Pallu was recruited by Alexander de Rhodes as secular clergy volunteers to become a missionary in Asia, together with Pierre Lambert de la Motte and Ignace Cotolendi. They were sent to the Far-East as Apostolic vicariate. 
In 1658 Mgr Pallu became Bishop of Heliopolis, Vicar apostolic of Tonkin, Laos, and five provinces of southwest China. The three bishops left France (1660–62) to go to their respective missions, and crossed Persia and India on foot, since Portugal would have refused to take non-"Padroado" missionaries by ship, and the Dutch and the English refused to take Catholic missionaries. Mgr Lambert left Marseilles on 26 November 1660, and reached Mergui in Siam 18 months later. Mgr Pallu with nine associates left on 3 January 1662. He joined Mgr Lambert in the capital of Siam Ayutthaya after 24 months overland, but Mgr Cotolendi died upon arrival in India on 6 August 1662. 
With Lambert, Pallu founded in 1665-66 the general seminary in Ayutthaya, Siam (the "Seminary of Saint Joseph", at the origin of the College General now in Penang, Malaysia).
From 1667 to 1673 Pallu was in France, where he published an account of the French missions in Southeast Asia. He returned to Siam in 1673.
In 1674, Mgr Pallu was sailing to his archdiocese in Tonkin, but met with a storm and had to land in Manila. He was imprisoned by the Spanish and put on a ship to Acapulco and from there to Spain to be judged. He was finally freed through the intervention of Pope Innocent XI and Louis XIV. After this involuntary trip around the world, he would only be able to return to Siam on July 1682.
In 1684, Pallu arrived in China, where he was in charge of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fuzhou. He died in the same year in Muyang, Jiangsu.

</doc>
<doc id="19354228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354228" title="Carr Hill High School">
Carr Hill High School

Carr Hill High School and Sixth Form Centre is an 11–18, mixed comprehensive school and sixth form in Kirkham, Lancashire, England. The school currently holds specialist Engineering College status. The school has 1313 students currently enrolled. It has a learning library centre including a library area, an IT suite and a conference room, this is known as 'The Hub'. There is an English, Language and R.E block as well as cookery, D.T and P.E blocks.
Carr Hill High School also has a Sixth Form on site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19354229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354229" title="Elisha F. Paxton">
Elisha F. Paxton

Elisha Franklin Paxton (March 4, 1828 – May 3, 1863) was an American lawyer and soldier who served as a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He died in combat leading the famed Stonewall Brigade during the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Early life and career.
Paxton was born in Rockbridge County, Virginia. He was the son of Elisha Paxton and Margaret McNutt, a Presbyterian family, and his grandfather was American Revolutionary War veteran William Paxton. His first education came from his cousin James H. Paxton's school. 
In 1845 he attended Washington College in Lexington, Virginia, and in 1847 he entered Yale University located in New Haven, Connecticut. Paxton then attended the University of Virginia Law School in Charlottesville in 1849, graduating at the top of his class. When fully grown Paxton was described as "five feet ten inches high, heavily built and of great bodily strength", a physique that inspired his childhood nickname, "Bull". He was known not to drink alcohol.
Upon graduating Paxton settled in Virginia and became a lawyer, then a bank president in Lexington. He also later worked as a planter, and then moved to Ohio. After passing the state's bar examination, he worked for several years in Ohio prosecuting land claims. His law practice ended in 1860 because of his failing eyesight, but this did not stop him from becoming prominent in political matters. His son Matthew wrote that "he was a man of ardent temperament and strong convictions such as did not permit him to remain an indifferent spectator of the exciting political occurrences of era." His "blunt and outspoken views" on behalf of the secession of South Carolina caused a rift in his friendship with Lexington resident Thomas J. Jackson; the two men did not speak to each other until after each had joined the Confederate Army.
When he was 26, Paxton married 23 year old Elizabeth Hannah White (died February 16, 1872) on November 2, 1854. She was the daughter of Matthew White and lived in Lexington. They would have four children together, three of whom out-lived Paxton: Matthew W. Paxton, John G. Paxton, and Frank Paxton. The actor Bill Paxton is a direct descendant of Elisha Paxton (great-great-grandson) and his son John Gallatin Paxton. Matthew became the editor of the newspaper "Rockbridge County News" and John a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri. Frank lived in San Saba County, Texas.
Civil War service.
At the start of the American Civil War in 1861, Paxton chose to follow his home state and the Confederate cause. Despite a lack of any military training, Paxton entered the Confederate Army on April 18 as a first lieutenant of the Rockbridge Rifles, part of Col. James F. Preston's 4th Virginia Infantry Regiment. 
The 4th Virginia fought on July 21 during the First Battle of Bull Run (First Manassas) in Brig. Gen. Thomas J. Jackson's First Brigade of the Army of the Shenandoah, soon to be known as the Stonewall Brigade. Paxton was wounded in an arm during this battle and his actions won him praise from his comrades. After recovering, Paxton was elected major of the 27th Virginia Infantry on October 14, 1861, but was not re-elected to the position the following spring because of his "heavy-handedness and a lack of tact". On May 30, 1862, Paxton was appointed aide-de-camp to Jackson's staff, and participated in the Valley Campaign of the Shenandoah Valley and the Seven Days Battles, both in Virginia.
By August 4, 1862, Paxton was made Jackson's assistant quartermaster, and fought in the Northern Virginia Campaign. Paxton was appointed assistant adjutant general (chief of staff) on Jackson's staff on August 15, and took part in the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 28–30, and then in the Maryland Campaign and the Battle of Antietam on September 17.
Stonewall Brigade.
Col. Andrew J. Grigsby had taken over the Stonewall Brigade when its commander Col. William Baylor was killed at Second Bull Run. At Antietam, the loss of Brig. Gen John R. Jones and Brig. Gen William Starke left Grigsby in charge of an entire division, two command levels above his rank. Despite this, Jackson refused to give him permanent command of anything above regimental level. On November 1, 1862, Paxton was promoted from major to brigadier general and assigned command of the Stonewall Brigade. It was a move that did not sit well with the men he passed over, officers with more experience as well as seniority. Paxton was the choice of Jackson and the posting was made directly by Confederate President Jefferson Davis. Although Jackson rarely deviated from protocol for promotions, his justification for selecting Paxton was that none of the subordinate commanders in the Stonewall Brigade was the "best qualified" for the position because "I did not regard any of them as competent as another." Paxton assumed command of the brigade on November 15. Grigsby was "as mad as thunder" and resigned his commission in protest.
During the Battle of Fredericksburg on December 13, Paxton and his brigade in the division of Brig. Gen. William B. Taliaferro were on the right of the Confederate defense when Union Maj. Gen. George G. Meade's division made a brief (and unsupported) successful attack, but Paxton's men counterattacked and drove the Federals off. Fredericksburg campaign historian Frank O'Reilly criticized Paxton's performance during the engagement, judging that:
Chancellorsville and death.
By the spring of 1863, Bull Paxton, who a member of his staff described as a "rather profane and godless man" found new solace in religion, possibly because of his association with the religious Stonewall Jackson. He started carrying a pocket Bible and on the night before the Battle of Chancellorsville, he admitted a premonition of his death and prepared himself for it. On the second day of battle, the brigade was part Jackson's audacious flanking movement around Union Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker's army. Paxton and his brigade were stationed to guard Germanna Junction on May 2, and that night his men were ordered to the front line. 
After Jackson was wounded, command of the Second Corps went briefly to Maj. Gen. A.P. Hill, but when he too was hit, cavalry commander Maj. Gen. J.E.B. Stuart was given command. On May 3 Paxton led his men through densely wooded terrain towards the Union position. He was on foot at the head of his brigade when he was shot through his chest, killing him within an hour. Lt. Randolph Barton of Paxton's staff wrote that Paxton fell only two feet away from him. "I placed my arm under him, when he muttered, 'Tie up my arm', and died. He was not shot in the arm, but through the heart." Later that day army commander Gen. Robert E. Lee sent a wire to the authorities in the Confederate capitol of Richmond, saying:
Paxton was initially buried at Guinea Station, Virginia, a short distance from where Jackson lay dying. He was later brought back to Lexington and was re-buried there in the Stonewall Jackson Memorial Cemetery, within a few feet of his former commander.

</doc>
<doc id="19354239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354239" title="Mucuq">
Mucuq

Mucuq (also, Mudzhuk and Mudzhukh) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,243. 

</doc>
<doc id="19354246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354246" title="Keep Coming Back (album)">
Keep Coming Back (album)

Keep Coming Back is the third full-length studio album by Marc Broussard. It is a collection of all-new material, and was preceded by two iTunes exclusive EP releases ("Hard Knocks" and "When It's Good"). It debuted on the Billboard Top 200 albums chart at #136, with 4,400+ copies sold.
Singles.
'Hard Knocks' is the first single. It was released to iTunes as a digital single, and has since charted at #11 on Billboard's "Hot Singles Sales" chart.
'Keep Coming Back', the album's title track, was a promotional single, which Marc performed on several late night and morning talk shows.
'When It's Good' (featuring LeAnn Rimes) has been sent out to Country radio stations as of January 2009. It has a tentative adds date set for February 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19354259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354259" title="Off the Leash">
Off the Leash

Off the Leash is the sixth album by Scottish-Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies. It was recorded in 2008 and released on August 5th of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19354261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354261" title="Elizabeth P. Benson">
Elizabeth P. Benson

Elizabeth P. Benson (born May 13, 1924) is an American art historian, curator and scholar, known for her extensive contributions over a long career to the study of pre-Columbian art, in particular that of Mesoamerica and the Andes. A former Andrew S. Keck Distinguished Visiting Professor of Art History at the American University in Washington, D.C., Benson had also a long association with the Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection, where she served both as director of pre-Columbian studies and as curator of the institution's collection of pre-Columbian artworks.

</doc>
<doc id="19354283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354283" title="Chris Moore (basketball)">
Chris Moore (basketball)

Chris Moore (born May 21, 1984) is an American basketball player who has played international professional basketball in Hungary and Australia. The 6'5" shooting guard graduated from McKinney High School in McKinney, Texas in May 2002. He then attended Maine Central Institute for a post graduate year from Aug 2002 through May 2003. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19354290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354290" title="Kurobe AquaFairies">
Kurobe AquaFairies

Kurobe AquaFairies is a women's volleyball team based in Kurobe, Toyama, Japan. It plays in V.Challenge League. The club was founded in 1998.
It is operated by Kurobe city Athletic Association.
Current squad.
As of June 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19354291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354291" title="Domingo Vandewalle">
Domingo Vandewalle

Domingo Vandewalle (also Domingo Van de Walle de Cervellón, Don Domingo Vandeval) (1720 Santa Cruz de La Palma - 1776, Santa Cruz) was a Spanish explorer and military commander of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. He is notable for being the first to discover the Guanches engravings of the Belmaco cave in the municipality of Villa de Mazo in 1752.

</doc>
<doc id="19354300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354300" title="Quxur">
Quxur

Quxur (also, Quxuroba and Kukhur) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Sudur.

</doc>
<doc id="19354311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354311" title="Carlos Rivas (disambiguation)">
Carlos Rivas (disambiguation)

Carlos Rivas (born 1953) is a Chilean football player.
Carlos Rivas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19354326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354326" title="Quxuroba">
Quxuroba

Quxuroba (also, Kukhuroba and Kukhur-Kishlag) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,980.

</doc>
<doc id="19354329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354329" title="Bogdan Lalić">
Bogdan Lalić

Bogdan Lalic (born 8 March 1964) is a Croatian chess grandmaster. He was born in the former Yugoslavia in 1964. FIDE awarded him the International Grandmaster title in 1988. He finished equal first at the Pleven 1987 and Sarajevo 1988 tournaments. Although registered with the Croatian Federation, he divides his time between playing abroad and making frequent visits to England. He was once married to International Master Susan Lalic, England's first woman to hold the IM title, but they are now divorced. Together, they have a son, Peter Lalić, born 1994.
As of March 2011, his FIDE rating is 2474. His highest rating was 2600 in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19354340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354340" title="Golofa">
Golofa

Golofa is a genus of rhinoceros beetles. 

</doc>
<doc id="19354372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354372" title="Gone (novel series)">
Gone (novel series)

Gone is a bestselling book series written by Michael Grant. The series is centered around the fictional American town of Perdido Beach and surrounding area, in which every human 15 and older vanishes. The town and surrounding areas become encased within an impenetrable energy barrier, with many of its inhabitants developing supernatural powers. The books follow the exploits of the protagonist, Sam Temple, as he battles antagonists Caine Temple and Drake Merwin, as well as a mysterious, malevolent creature, known as the Darkness or the gaiaphage (derived from Gaia, a Greek personification of the Earth, and "phage", a type of virus). The first novel in this series, titled "Gone", was originally published in 2008. The second book, "Hunger", was released a year later, followed by the third book, "Lies", on May 4, 2010. The fourth book, released on April 5, 2011, is titled "Plague". The fifth book, "Fear", was released on April 3, 2012 in the US, although it was released as early as March 23 in Australia and Hong Kong. The sixth book is titled "Light" and was released on April 2, 2013. The series - "a fun, no-brainer read directed towards teenagers" - has been hailed as "ridiculously popular" and "a sensation in the young adult world."
Novels.
"Gone".
Every person at the age of 15 or over vanishes from the town of Perdido Beach, causing confusion and chaos. Sam Temple, a 14-year old boy with the ability to shoot green light beams from his hands, Astrid Ellison and Quinn Gaither, Sam's best friend, set out to explore the area, discovering a barrier cutting the area off from the outside world with a radius centered at a nuclear power plant located outside of town. The area within the barrier is nicknamed the Fallout Alley Youth Zone or FAYZ for short. Exploring this nuclear power plant, the group finds Astrid's severely autistic 4-year-old brother Pete, along with a map marking radiation patterns from a 15-year-old explosion at the plant that lines up exactly with the energy barrier. Sam and Pete are revealed to have supernatural powers. Upon the group's return to Perdido Beach, its members encounter vehicles bringing students from nearby Coates Academy. Some of the students have supernatural powers, including Lana Arwen (who has the powers which she discovered after she and her dog, Patrick, were wounded and were attacked by a coyote pack that abducted her earlier.) Caine Soren, a boy who also has supernatural powers, takes a group and returns to Coates Academy, discovering that when a person turns 15, they are confronted by something they desire before vanishing. Sam's group finds Lana and he and the group escape the coyotes but are captured by Drake and imprisoned within Coates. Sam's group escapes Coates Academy, joined by various Coates students, and returns to Perdido Beach to fight Caine. Meanwhile, Drake abducts Lana as he thinks she can help him get his arm back after Sam had burned it off. They reach a creature known as the "Darkness" down a mineshaft which uses Lana's power to give Drake a whip for an arm. Caine attacks the town with the help of the coyotes, and Sam and Caine fight in the town square. The two turn 15 and disappear, encountering what seems to be their mother, but they don't believe the lies and don't vanish becoming in the oldest persons in the FAYZ. Caine and his group returned to Coates Academy while Sam becomes the leader of Perdido Beach.
"Hunger".
Hunger is set three months after "Gone". Some students go break into the Perdido Beach nuclear plant in order to control the town's electricity. End up losing all electricity Caine mentally receives a message from the gaiaphage telling him to bring it a uranium rod from the plant and realizes it may be controlling him. Lana has also been receiving messages from the gaiaphage and attempts to blow up the mine shaft, but she fails, falling under the gaiaphage's control. Edilio Escobar, a student from Perdido Beach, travels to the mine shaft in order to destroy it, along with another girl named Dekka who has the ability to defy gravity in small spaces. He is shot by Lana, who is under the control of the gaiaphage. It is revealed that the gaiaphage plans to use Lana's powers, along with a uranium rod from the nuclear plant, to create a new, near-invincible body for itself. Astrid determines that the gaiaphage was created by the accident at the nuclear plant 15 years ago, and that the accident may also be the cause of her peers' supernatural powers. Sam and Duck Zhang, who can control his density, travel to the mine shaft in order to fight the gaiaphage. Caine uses his powers to bring a uranium rod to the mine shaft, but, upon seeing his love interest Diana Ladris injured by Drake, throws the rod at his chest, knocking him into the mine shaft and collapsing its entrance. Duck creates a hole in the ground leading to the gaiaphage and is then thrown by Caine into the hole. While falling, Duck becomes heavier than a mountain and smashes into the gaiaphage, dragging the creature down to the bottom of the barrier surrounding the FAYZ but dying in the process.
"Lies".
A young girl named Jill is beaten and thrown into an empty grave due to her powers. Sam discovers her and is told by Edilio that she was in the grave of a girl called Brittney, who has been dead for a month but seems to have disappeared. Astrid and Sam find a boy attacked by Drake, who has been seen nearby. Sam learns that Brittney is alive and in town, and meets an unfamiliar girl named Nerezza. Nerezza eventually attempts to kill Pete, who is revealed to have created the energy barrier, but fails when Astrid intervenes. When Pete finds his favorite toy smashed on the ground, he screams, causing the energy barrier surrounding the area to disappear for a brief moment. Astrid sees adults staring on the other side before the wall returns. The gaiaphage is revealed to have been attempting to use Brittney's immortality and Lana's healing powers to bring Drake back from the dead but sharing the same body as Brittney. Nerezza is not human at all, but rather the gaiaphage's avatar, brought to life through Pete's thoughts. After fighting Drake long enough for him to turn into Brittney, Sam decides not to kill the two but rather have them locked up guarded by Orc, a boy made out of gravel, as he experiences no pain at being whipped by Drake.
"Plague".
Perdido Beach is now run by a boy named Albert Hillsborough, whose introduction of capitalist systems to the town has placed him in a position of considerable power. Albert sends Sam and others on a mission to find a new water source in nearby Lake Tramonto, as the town's supplies are running low. Meanwhile, an infectious plague leading those who catch it to almost certain death is spreading in Perdido beach. On the way to the lake, Sam's group encounters an old friend named Hunter who was banished from the FAYZ with the power to radiate heat within anything who has become infested with parasites and dies. A coyote who leads them to creatures that are causing parasitic insect infections. The group attacks the creatures, but Dekka becomes infested with insects in the process. Sam later saved her by cutting her open and removing the parasites. Upon reaching the lake, the group is once again confronted by the creatures, which have grown to the size of SUVs and are being commanded by Drake. The group escapes back to Perdido Beach. Drake travels to Coates Academy with some of the insects, having been commanded by the Gaiaphage to capture Pete. Upon their arrival, Astrid throws Pete to the insects, who realizes the danger and vanishes both the insects and himself; her hope was that Pete's death would cause the energy barrier to dissipate. Pete is later revealed to be bodiless but alive.
"Fear".
Pete experiments with his new state of existence by tampering with the inhabitants of the Fallout Alley Youth Zone, resulting in gruesome deaths as he clumsily changes their DNA. The energy barrier begins to turn black, gradually filling the Zone with darkness. On the outside of the barrier, Connie Temple (Sam and Caine's mother) learns that a small part of the army plans to nuke the barrier. Through mental communication with Pete, Astrid learns that the barrier is connected to the gaiaphage. Drake captures the pregnant Diana and brings her to the mine shaft. Diana gives birth to her baby, whom the gaiaphage then inhabits. Drake, Diana, Penny and the gaiaphage, now known as Gaia, head to the energy barrier, where they encounter Sam and Caine. The gaiaphage plans to open up the barrier. They battle, and Sam attacks Gaia; sunlight instantly returns to the FAYZ as the energy barrier becomes transparent. Sam once again attacks Gaia, who is seemingly unhurt. She flees the scene along with Diana and Drake. Visual communication begins between the inhabitants of the Zone and the outside world.
"Light".
Light is the final book in the series. The dome around the FAYZ has become transparent, allowing the kids inside to converse with their parents. Some, such as Brianna, are thrilled to have the attention, while others, like Orc, are ashamed of what they have become and pray that the dome never comes down. In the thrill of being able converse with the outer world, the kids lose interest in their duties, which leads to sending Quinn to the island to get Albert, as he is the only one to get them back to work. Annoyed at Brianna, Sam and Astrid send her on a mission to hunt for Drake. She succeeds, and scatters the chopped off parts of his body across the landscape, keeping his head in a chest below the boats on the lake. 
Meanwhile, Gaia and Diana are out in the desert, where a rapidly-aging Gaia schemes to take out all of the FAYZ residents in order to put an end to Little Pete's powers, who gets his strength through the power of the other FAYZ residents as does she. Intending to stop Gaia and rescue Diana, Sam and Caine go on a hunt for Gaia together. When they find her later, however, she easily defeats them. Gaia proceeds to attack the lake, and with few with powers to protect it, the kids there get slaughtered and several minor characters are killed. The kids regroup at the town and discuss what to do next.
It is revealed that Gaia, though possessing every power of every living person in the FAYZ, loses that power when the person dies. Sam contemplates whether he must sacrifice himself in order to stop Gaia. Meanwhile, after saving Drake by connecting his living head to the body of a man she killed, Gaia attacks the town and kills off Brianna and Jack. With the situation desperate, Caine goes to get Albert's missiles and launches them at Gaia. They hit the FAYZ wall and kill Orc, who was fighting Gaia at the time. Realizing that there was only one option left, Caine invites the spirit of Little Pete to take control of his body, and using it Little Pete fights Gaia, sacrificing both himself but taking her down as well.
After the FAYZ wall comes down, Sam has a final encounter with Drake and defeats him. The remaining kids reunite with their parents and mourn their losses. To get them out of legal trouble, Caine writes a confession note claiming that he was controlling the kids and making them do all of the thing that they did. The series concludes with Sam and Astrid inviting Diana to come live with them, of which she agrees.
Critical reception.
Reviews have generally been mixed to positive, though many note "Gone"s success in its intended demographic. Mal Peet, for "The Guardian", pointed to the series' "rave reviews, most of them posted on websites by teenagers", though noting that such success stemmed from literary sacrifices that made characters into "crude two-dimensional digitisations".
Amanda Craig, for "The Times", noted that "Gone" was "heavily influenced by TV series such as "Lost" and "Heroes", and described the book as "Clever but a little too predictable." Jayne Howarth, for the "Birmingham Post", called "Gone" "superb" and said she found the book "full of suspense, action and the supernatural. Think of a potent mix of "Lord of the Flies", "Heroes" and "Lost" and you get an idea of the audience this will appeal to." Describing the pace of the novel as "frantic and frenetic" Howarth summed up: "This is an incredible mystery story, with twists and turns, cameos and protagonists, to keep readers engrossed... Violent in parts, Grant does not hold back at showing the feral nature of humans when faced with a world without order. Unputdownable."
Dinah Hall, reviewing "Lies" for "The Sunday Telegraph", also drew comparison with "Lord of the Flies" and "Lost", and wrote: "While it's never going to make it on to the GCSE syllabus, it definitely has the addictive pull of a cult television series... I would sell my soul for the next instalment." Toby Clements, reviewing "Hunger" for "The Daily Telegraph", wrote: "Grant's world is hard-edged but thought-provoking, a Stephen King novel for youngsters in which the children are challenged with reshaping society while fighting off evil. "Hunger" ought to be required reading for any teenager who thinks adults suck."
Stephen King has also praised the series, writing: "These are exciting, high-tension stories told in a driving, torrential narrative that never lets up. There are monsters, there are kids with mad-crazy super powers, there’s the mystery of where all the adults went. Most of all, there are children I can believe in and root for. This is great fiction.
Television adaptation.
On July 30, 2013, author Michael Grant announced that Sony Pictures Television had acquired rights to produce "Gone" as a TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="19354383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354383" title="Zuxuloba, Qusar">
Zuxuloba, Qusar

Zuxuloba (also, Zuxul) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Şirvanovka.

</doc>
<doc id="19354388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354388" title="Bobby Brewer">
Bobby Brewer

Robert "Bobby" Brewer is an American pastor, author, and talk radio personality who is based in Phoenix, Arizona. He is best known for being an Evangelical Christian who witnessed the 1997 Phoenix Lights. In 2002, he wrote an article for the "Christian Research Journal". In 2006, he wrote a book, "UFOs: 7 Things You Should Know" (ISBN 9781413744170), in which he gave his assessment of the phenomenon.
Early life.
Brewer was born in Japan at a United States Navy base, his father was an enlisted sailor for the United States Navy. Brewer grew up in San Diego, California; Virginia Beach, Virginia; and Roanoke, Virginia prior to moving to Phoenix, Arizona.
Education.
Brewer obtained a Masters in Divinity (M. Div.) at Liberty Baptist Theological Seminary, a graduate school for aspiring pastors founded by Rev. Jerry Falwell in Lynchburg, Virginia, and a Doctorate of Ministry (D.Min.) from Phoenix Seminary in Phoenix, Arizona.
Career.
While at Liberty Baptist Theological Seminary, Brewer studied church growth under Dr. Elmer Towns, who has authored numerous books on the subject of church growth. Towns wrote the foreword to Brewer's book "Postmodernism: What You Should Know & Do About It". Upon completion of his doctorate, Brewer regularly spoke at Christian conferences regarding the implications of Postmodernism upon the North American church and how outreach and evangelistic methodologies could and should adjust for the transition of eras (i.e., Modern to Postmodern). He has worked at several megachurches such as Scottsdale Bible Church, Scottsdale, Arizona and City of Grace Church, a multi-site church (where he is currently listed on staff as the Pastor of Singles) with locations in Scottsdale and Mesa, Arizona. In addition to this he was a part of a founding team for "Flood the Desert" (2005), an emergent church ministry, and then "Global Breakthrough Ministry" (2006), an extreme sports ministry founded by actor Stephen Baldwin.
Radio.
From 2004-2008 Brewer was the co-host of "Faith in the Real World", a local call in radio show in Phoenix, Arizona on AM 1360 KPXQ of Salem Broadcasting. After partnering with Stephen Baldwin in 2006, the show's name and format was changed to "Breakthrough Radio". In 2011 Brewer began co-hosting "Freakshow" with D'Ortenzio.

</doc>
<doc id="19354406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354406" title="Shadow of a Dark Queen">
Shadow of a Dark Queen

Shadow of a Dark Queen is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the first book in the "The Serpentwar Saga" and was first published in June 1994. It was followed by "Rise of a Merchant Prince" which was published in 1995.
Plot introduction.
A dark queen is gathering armies in remote lands and desperate men are sent on a suicidal mission to confront this evil. Among these men is Nakor the Isalani, a gambler who knows the true nature of the Queen and whom everyone must wager their lives upon.
Plot summary.
The prologue introduces the Saaur, warm-blooded humanoid reptiles, whose world is being overrun by demons from the Fifth Circle of Hell. The survivors allied themselves reluctantly with their cold-blooded cousins, the Pantathians, to escape to Midkemia in exchange for a generation of service.
The novel starts by introducing best friends Erik Von Darkmoor, an apprentice blacksmith and bastard son of the local baron, and Roo Avery, a local trouble maker. Erik's half-brother Stefan Von Darkmoor, heir to his father's title, who resents Erik's claim to the Darkmoor name, rapes Erik's close friend Rosalyn in an attempt to force Erik into a fight. Erik and Roo find Stefan, and in a rage, Erik holds Stefan down while Roo delivers the killing blow, but Erik is injured during the fight. Now wanted for Stefan's murder, the two realize they must flee, and set out for Krondor. On the way, the boys narrowly escape detection when they happen upon the tent of a strange woman named Gert who aids them. They wake the next morning to find Gert gone and a mysterious woman named Miranda in her place, who helps and heals Erik. Further on their journey, they come to the aid of a man who is being ambushed by some brigands. The man, a merchant named Helmut Grindle, guides them the rest of the way to Krondor. On their journey, Roo befriends the man, questioning him on all matters commerce with the goal of starting a business of his own.
When they arrive in Krondor there is a long line on the road into the city, due to the search for the two murderers as well as the rush to reach the city to attend the funeral of Prince Arutha. They hide in a nearby farm and then in a tavern where they are first kidnapped by local slavers, then caught by constables, and sentenced to hang. Their hanging is faked, though, along with several other condemned men, and the group is taken to a man named Robert de Loungville, where they are informed that their sentence has not been commuted, only delayed, and that they can only hope to gain freedom in exchange for service to the crown on an extremely dangerous mission. They are taken to a training camp where they are quickly trained as soldiers. There, they meet their mysterious captain for the first time, the half-elven Calis, as well as encountering Miranda again.
They sail across the Endless Sea aboard the "Trenchard's Revenge" and the "Freeport Ranger", to the continent of Novindus, where they must pose as a mercenary group known as "Calis' Crimson Eagles" and attempt to join the army of the Emerald Queen. Their mission is to gather information and assess the Queen's motives. Her army is slowly conquering the entire continent in a bloody campaign, city by city. Meanwhile, Miranda seeks the aid of Pug in the coming conflict, forming a close bond with the great magician.
After meeting up with their allies among the natives, Calis and his band successfully infiltrate the army. They discover the Emerald Queen's plans to become a host for a Valheru spirit trapped within several ancient artifacts, then lead her army across the sea to invade the Kingdom of the Isles. When their ruse is discovered, the Crimson Eagles are pursued by the 9-foot-tall Saaur cavalry, only to flee into the secret lair of the Pantathian priests. At great cost, Calis finds his way to the inner chambers and manages to destroy the artifacts. The diminished crew manage to escape to a nearby city under siege by the Emerald Queen. They manage to destroy the shipyards, key to the Queen's plot, and while the invasion is not prevented completely, it is delayed significantly. The surviving members of the group are picked up by Prince Nicholas aboard the "Freeport Ranger", and return to Krondor as free men.
Publication history.
Since its release in 1994 "Shadow of a Dark Queen" has been released in over 15 countries and in over 10 different languages. The first edition hardback and paperback releases for the United States and the United Kingdom are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="19354408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354408" title="101 Virginis">
101 Virginis

101 Virginis or CY Boötis is a variable star in the Boötes constellation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19354410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354410" title="Queens' Sitting Room">
Queens' Sitting Room

The Queens' Sitting Room is a small sitting room located in the northeast corner of the second floor of the White House. It was used as part of the president's offices until 1902 when the West Wing was built. The room became a sitting room for guests in the Queens' Bedroom (then called the Rose Bedroom or Pink Bedroom) in 1902. As a part of the Kennedy White House restoration the room was redecorated by Stéphane Boudin of the firm Maison Jansen. The walls are covered with a heavy cotton Toile de Jouy fabric. Black lacquered furniture of the early and mid-19th century provides contrast with the white painted wainscot and trim of the room. 
Lady Bird Johnson enjoyed this room's privacy and used it as a retreat when she had work that required more concentration than she could find at her desk in her bedroom.

</doc>
<doc id="19354412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354412" title="Tribal war (disambiguation)">
Tribal war (disambiguation)

Tribal war and similar phrases can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19354417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354417" title="Latécoère 500">
Latécoère 500

__NOTOC__
The Latécoère 500 was a flying boat built in France in 1931 for use on the transatlantic mail route to South America. Designed to a specification by the French aviation ministry, Latécoère also built a passenger-carrying variant, the 501, which actually flew first. The design was a large, parasol-wing monoplane with broad sponsons and a fully enclosed cabin. Three engines were installed on the wing, two tractor-fashion on the leading edge, and one pusher-fashion on the trailing edge.
The Latécoère 500 was not accepted for service due to its poor flying qualities and was soon scrapped. The 501 flew for a while on passenger routes in the Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="19354418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354418" title="Zuxul">
Zuxul

Zuxul (also, Tsukhul’ and Zukhul) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 372.

</doc>
<doc id="19354437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354437" title="Ben Johnson (pitcher)">
Ben Johnson (pitcher)

Benjamin Franklin Johnson is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in parts of two seasons, and , for the Chicago Cubs. He also had an extensive minor league baseball career, spanning sixteen seasons from to .

</doc>
