<doc id="19320383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320383" title="Brian Kelly (soccer)">
Brian Kelly (soccer)

Brian Kelly (born October 6, 1974 in Mission Viejo, California) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent five seasons in Major League Soccer. He also played at both the 1991 FIFA U-17 World Championship and 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Soccer.
Club career.
Kelly, after starring at Lake Lehman High School in Northeastern Pennsylvania, attended Duke University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1993 to 1996. In February 1997, the New York/New Jersey MetroStars selected Kelly in the first round (fifth overall) in the 1997 MLS College Draft. He remained with the MetroStars until the 2000 season. That year, he played seven games in New Jersey before being traded to the Los Angeles Galaxy in exchange for Roy Myers. He played eleven games with the Galaxy, began the 2001 season with the Galxy before finishing it with the Tampa Bay Mutiny. Before moving to Tampa Bay, the Galaxy sent Kelly on loan to the Portland Timbers where he scored the first goal in that team's history when he hit in a rebounded shot from Mark Baena in a 2-1 loss to the El Paso Patriots. He left MLS at the end of the season.
National team.
In 1991, Kelly was a member of the U.S. U-17 national team at the 1991 FIFA U-17 World Championship. Two years later, he played at the 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship for the U.S. U-20 national team.
Banking.
After retiring from soccer, Kelly entered banking. In January 2002, he was hired by Goldman Sachs. He is currently a director in MBS sales at BNP Paribas, where he is the cleanup batter on the BNP Kickball Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19320400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320400" title="Karin Lindberg">
Karin Lindberg

Karin Lindberg (born 6 October 1929) is a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. 
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320402" title="HMS Rapid">
HMS Rapid

Nine ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Rapid":
The name was also given to a British Rail Class 42 locomotive of the Warship class.

</doc>
<doc id="19320404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320404" title="Pablo de Lucas">
Pablo de Lucas

Pablo de Lucas Torres (born 20 September 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești in Liga I, as a midfielder.
Football career.
De Lucas was born in Elche, Province of Alicante. He was a product of Sporting de Gijón's prolific youth system, "Mareo", and made his first-team debut on 4 September 2005, playing three minutes in a 4–0 away win against Gimnàstic de Tarragona; the club was in the second division.
De Lucas' first goal would come during the 2007–08 season, in a 2–1 away win against Albacete Balompié. He contributed with 12 games as the Asturians returned to La Liga after a ten-year absence.
In early January 2009 de Lucas moved on loan to Deportivo Alavés, not being able to help prevent the Basque side's relegation to the third level. He moved to the same category in September, signing with lowly Villajoyosa CF.
De Lucas spent the following years of his career in division three, in representation of several teams. In the 2013 summer he moved abroad for the first time, joining FC Petrolul Ploiești in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19320409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320409" title="Joe White (ice hockey)">
Joe White (ice hockey)

Joe White (born 9 July 1988 in Swindon) is a British professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing in the Elite Ice Hockey League for the Basingstoke Bison.
White had spells with the Invicta Dynamos and the Guildford Flames before joining his hometown team the Swindon Wildcats in 2006. After two years, he signed with the Basingstoke Bison in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19320444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320444" title="Catch the Rainbow (song)">
Catch the Rainbow (song)

"Catch the Rainbow" is the twenty-first single by Japanese recording artist Misia.
Background.
The song "Catch the Rainbow" was first released digitally Asia-wide on August 30, 2008. It was later released as a physical CD single on December 17, 2008. "Catch the Rainbow" is Misia's only non-album single. It was released in support of Misia's first Asia tour The Tour of Misia Discotheque Asia. The first press edition of the single comes in Super High Material CD (SHM-CD) format and includes a bonus DVD, which features footage from The Tour of Misia Discotheque Asia, as well as the "Catch the Rainbow" music video.
"Catch the Rainbow" was written by Misia, while the composition and production were handled by long-time collaborator Sakoshin. The B-side, "Joyful Moment", was also written by Misia, composed by Gomi and Shusui and produced by Gomi. The single includes six remixes of different genres including electropop, hip hop and house.
Chart performance.
"Catch the Rainbow" debuted on the Oricon Daily Singles chart at number 6 and peaked at number 11 on the Oricon Weekly Singles chart, with 7,271 copies sold in its first week. The single charted for seven weeks and sold 12,150 copies in total.

</doc>
<doc id="19320445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320445" title="Puerto Rico Ombudsman">
Puerto Rico Ombudsman

The Puerto Rico Ombudsman is a government position created by statute in 1977 during the administration of Governor Carlos Romero Barceló to provide citizens with an office that could receive and investigate complaints regarding the proper functioning of government agencies and the level of service to the public. The Ombudsman is appointed by the Governor of Puerto Rico to a ten-year term and requires the advice and consent of both the Senate and the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico. The Ombudsman's salary is equal to that of a Court of Appeals judge, currently $105,000 per year. 
The current acting Ombudsman, is former Deputy Director of the Office of Legislative Services, Kevin Miguel Rivera. His predecessor was former representative Carlos López Nieves. On February 12, 2010, Governor Luis Fortuño appointed representative Iris Miriam Ruiz to a full term as "Ombudswoman".

</doc>
<doc id="19320451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320451" title="Evy Berggren">
Evy Berggren

Evy Berggren (born 16 June 1934) is a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. 
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320457" title="Nether Horsburgh Castle">
Nether Horsburgh Castle

Nether Horsburgh Castle is a ruined tower house near Cardrona, in the Scottish Borders, in the former county of Peebleshire. It is situated at the back of a farmstead, southwest of the market town of Peebles, at grid reference , on the A72 road. Access may be gained by permission from the adjoining farmstead, Nether Horsburgh Farm.
Description.
The remains of Nether Horsburgh Castle consist of a ruined, 16th-century rectangular tower-house, at the foot of a rolling valley overlooking the River Tweed, with the Hope Burn flowing just a few meters to the east. Originally, the tower had an adjoining courtyard and ranges of buildings, traces of which can still be seen to the north of the tower.
Only three walls still survive, reaching a height of about , with the east wall being completely ruined to ground level. The existing structure appears to have measured about by , with walls of about thick. It is thought that the tower rose to a height of four stories, with an entrance situated at ground level on the northeast side of the building. This led into a vaulted cellar, studded with slit window apertures. Evidence suggests that access to the upper floors was gained by a staircase situated in the east wall.
A small courtyard was formed by a range of buildings continuing to the east for about , then north for about . All that remains of this is a small fragment of the northern segment, which now forms a part of the field boundary in which the castle stands. 
History.
The castle was built and occupied by the Borders family of Horsburgh, and was later sold to Sir Robert Stewart of Shillingshaws, due to diminished family fortunes. 
Other castles owned by the Horsburgh family are to be found in the same part of Peebleshire. Less than to the west, on a grassy knoll, stands the remains of a small tower and wing. This is Horsburgh Castle, also of the 16th century, and just north of Peebles, high on the side of Mailingsland Hill, stands the remains of Hutchinfield Tower. A very dilapidated oblong block, again this is of the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19320460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320460" title="Christer Löfqvist">
Christer Löfqvist

Christer Löfqvist (born 4 June 1944 in Visby, Gotland, Sweden - died 1 February 1978) was a former international speedway rider who reached the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1974.
He rode in Britain for West Ham Hammers, Poole Pirates, and the Hackney Hawks.
Death.
Löfqvist was diaganosed with a brain tumour and died in 1978 aged thirty-three.

</doc>
<doc id="19320463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320463" title="Banashankari Temple, Amargol">
Banashankari Temple, Amargol

Amargol is located in between Dharwad and Hubli, about 9 km from Hubli city centre and adjucent to Navanagar. It is famous for the ancient temple dedicated to Banashankari. 
Banashankari Temple at Amargol is 4 km from "Unkal lake" and "Chandramouleshwara Temple" Hubli. 
visit website.
www.badamibanashankari.org
Banashankari temple at Amargol.
At Amargol there is a temple of Shankarlinga built by Jakkanacharya. Nearby there is a Banashankari Temple.
In the early "13th century", the temples of this period have "nagara" articulation, built in the "stepped diamond" and the square plan natural to a nagara superstructure. Notable among temples with a "stepped-diamond style" are the Ganesha Temple at Hangal, the "Banashankari Temple at Amargol" (which has one dravida shrine and one nagara shrine), and a small shrine that is a part of the ensemble at the Mahadeva Temple (Itagi)
Conservation and restoration work is in progress, belongs to Archaeological Survey of India.
"APMC Amargol"
Hubli has a large market located between Dharwad and Hubli.

</doc>
<doc id="19320467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320467" title="Antirrhinum cornutum">
Antirrhinum cornutum

Antirrhinum cornutum (syn. "Sairocarpus cornutus") is an uncommon species of New World snapdragon known by the common name spurred snapdragon. 
It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in the inland mountains and the northern reaches of the Central Valley. This is an annual herb producing hairy, erect, non-climbing stems. Solitary flowers grow in the leaf axils along the stem. Each hairy-lipped snapdragon flower is purple-veined white and about a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="19320470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320470" title="Frank Boyle">
Frank Boyle

Frank Boyle is an American politician. 
Born in Phillips, Wisconsin, Boyle graduated from Phillips High School. He received his bachelors degree from University of Wisconsin–Superior and did graduate work there and at University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was a building contractor. He also served on the Douglas County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors. He served as a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 73rd Assembly District from 1986 to 2008, when he retired. He was succeeded by Nick Milroy who he endorsed. Regarded as one of the most progressive legislators in the state he was frequently, but unsuccessfully, targeted by campaigns against him by Republicans and their surrogates.

</doc>
<doc id="19320472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320472" title="Hyperintensity">
Hyperintensity

Hyperintensities refer to areas of high intensity on particular types of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans of the human brain. These small regions of high intensity are observed on T2 weighted MRI images (typically created using 3D FLAIR) within cerebral white matter (white matter hyperintensities or WMH) or subcortical gray matter (gray matter hyperintensities or GMH). They are usually seen in normal aging but also in a number of neurological disorders and psychiatric illnesses. For example deep white matter hyperintensites are 2.5 to 3 times more likely to occur in bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder than control subjects. WMH volume, calculated as a potential diagnostic measure, has been shown to correlate to certain cognitive factors. Hyperintensities appear as "bright signals" (bright areas) on an MRI image and the term "bright signal" is occasionally used as a synonym for a hyperintensity.
Hyperintensities are commonly divided into 3 types depending on the region of the brain where they are found. Deep white matter hyperintensites occur deep within white matter, periventricular white matter hyperintensities occur adjacent to the lateral ventricles and subcortical hyperintensities occur in the basal ganglia.
Postmortem studies combined with MRI suggest that hyperintensities are dilated perivascular spaces, or demyelination caused by reduced local blood flow.
Cognitive Effects.
In most elderly people, presence of severe WMH and medial temporal lobe atrophy MTA was linked with an increase in frequency of mild cognitive deficits. Studies suggest that a combination of MTA and severe WMH showed more than a fourfold increase in the frequency of mild cognitive deficits. It's also been consistently shown that severe WMH is known to be associated with gait disorders, impaired balance and cognitive disturbances. Certain features of gait pattern associated with WMH are: "slight widening of the base, slowing and shortening of stride length and turning en bloc". Speed of cognitive processes and frontal skills may also be impaired in people with WMH. It is also thought that WMH patients have a negative impact on cognition in Alzheimer's disease population. Pathological signs of oligodendritic apoptosis and damage to axonal projections have been evident. Sufficient damage to the axons that course through WMH can cause adequate interference with normal neuronal functions.

</doc>
<doc id="19320474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320474" title="Kenko">
Kenko

Kenko or Kenkō (Japanese for "health") may refer to:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19320489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320489" title="Saint Gabriel International School">
Saint Gabriel International School

Saint Gabriel International School, or () or SGIS, is recognized by the Department of Education in Pasig City, Philippines, owned by Dr. Mildred A. Go, Ed. D.. It started operations in 2000. It adheres to a global philosophy of education; thus, there is a continuous upgrading of its audio-visual materials to promote a deeper appreciation of countries, history and people, and whenever conditions allow, students are encouraged to go to Xiamen, China for at least two weeks to join the international group of students. The administration maintains an open communication among teachers, students, parents and even the outside community. Based on the results of the government exams given to the Seniors every year, the school falls within the upper 15% compared to all other schools in the Division of Pasig City.
Saint Gabriel International School provides ESL classes for students outside the Philippines including South Korean students. Saint Gabriel International School also provides students with Mandarin Chinese classes. The school has an average of 25 students per class.
Curriculum.
A day's schedule is from 8:00 AM to 3:40 PM and a shorter time for the preschool. It uses English as the medium of instruction and offers standard Mandarin handled by native speakers from China. It has a flexible delivery system to maximize the teaching and learning process. Students are accepted anytime during the school year. From Monday to Thursday, students are required to wear the complete school uniform. And on Fridays, students can wear civilian clothes. 
The House System.
Students participate in the House system where the school population is divided into two teams called the Blue Shark House and the Yellow Eagle House. The two teams compete in sports, quiz bees, talent shows etc. This allows the active participation of all the students and teachers. At the same time, it develops leadership, sportsmanship, and interpersonal skills.
Summer Program in MXIS.
Students participate in the summer programs of Manila Xiamen International School where participants are taught about China, its history, people, culture and geography. A yearly 45-day summer program from early April and mid-May is sponsored by both schools.
Relations.
Saint Gabriel International School is the sister school of the Manila Xiamen International School (), a school also owned by Dr. Mildred A. Go, Ed. D. located in Xiamen, Fujian Province, People's Republic of China. SGIS is also called the Philippine Branch or Philippine Address in Manila Xiamen International School's website.

</doc>
<doc id="19320492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320492" title="Umberto Piersanti">
Umberto Piersanti

Umberto Piersanti (born February 26, 1941) is an Italian poet, prose writer, professor of sociology of the literature at the University of Urbino, in Italy, and editor of the literary revue "Pelagos".
He was born in Urbino. During his writing career, Piersanti published many poetry books, some novels and essays.
He made his debut in 1967 with the collection of poems "La breve stagione"; the melancholy preponderated in his juvenile poems, with Apennine nature, transformed into a mythical and classic place.
In "Nascere nel '40" (1981) e "Passaggio di sequenza" (1986), Piersanti examined the historical and politic contest between 1960-1980.
He was a nominee for the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19320500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320500" title="Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics program. Heats and the first repechage were timed in tenths of a second (0.1) while semifinals and finals were timed in hundredths of a second (0.01) in the official report.
Results.
Heats.
The 20 competitors first raced in three heats on October 22. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. One competitor capsized during their heat while another did not start. All remaining competitors competed in the repechages the next day.
Inchusate's boat capsized during the first heat. In the third heat, Viitamäki is shown as Ilkka Nummisto in the official report though Viitamäki's name is shown correctly for the rest of the event.
Repechages.
Taking place on October 23, three repechages were held. The top three finishers in each repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on October 24) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on October 25. 
Hesz was fifth at the 500 meter mark, then made his move with 200 meters left. He passed both Hansen and Shaparenko in the last 100 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="19320514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320514" title="Military Medical Business">
Military Medical Business

Military Medical Business (Военно Санитарное Дело) was one of the professional medical journals of the Worker's and Peasant's Red Army (RKKA). The journal was published monthly in Moscow. Between 1938-1940, each issue cost 1 ruble and 50 kopecks. A 12 month subscription to the journal for the year 1939 cost 18 rubles. The Moscow publishing house published a total of 33 different professional medical journals for the RKKA in the year 1939. The Leningrad publishing house published 5 different journals that same year. Four different serials were also published by the Moscow publishing house under the title "Central Medical Abstract Journal". By the end of 1940, the price of a single issue of "Military Medical Business" had increased to 2 rubles. The Moscow publishing house advertised 33 different journals, the Leningrad publishing house advertised 5 journals, and the Kazan publishing house advertised 1 journal for the year 1941. A 12 month subscription to "Military Medical Business" cost 30 rubles in 1941. The Moscow publishing house also advertised four serials under the title "Central Medical Abstract Journal" for the year 1941.
1938 Topics and Articles.
In 1938, "Military Medical Business" published articles on the following topics: "The political and organizational questions of the cadre and general questions", "Therapeutic-prophylactic questions", "Medical tactics", "Questions of medical support of aviation and the mechanized unit", "Questions of medical support of the Navy", "Questions of medical-chemical defense and anti-aircraft defense", "Questions of hygiene, epidemiology and disinfection", and general reviews of articles.
The following titles are examples of the 21 articles published on "The political and organizational questions of the cadre and general questions":
Examples of the 93 articles and 13 abstracts on "Therapeutic-prophylactic questions" include:
An example of the 29 articles and 9 abstracts on "Medical tactics":
Among the 33 articles and 13 abstracts on "Questions of medical support of aviation and the mechanized unit" include the following titles:
The following is an example of the 4 articles on "Questions of medical support of the Navy":
An example of the 5 articles and 1 abstract on "Questions of medical-chemical defense and anti-aircraft defense":
The following two titles are examples of the 40 articles and 6 abstracts on "Questions of hygiene, epidemiology and disinfection":
The 4 reviews of articles includes:
1939 Articles.
A complete listing of all published articles, abstracts, and article reviews was not published in the final issue of "Military Medical Business" in 1939. The following are titles of articles from the various issues published in 1939.
1940 Topics and Articles.
In 1940, "Military Medical Business" published articles on the following topics: "The political and organization questions of the cadre and general question", "Medical tactics", "Therapeutic-prophylactic questions", "Questions of medical support of aviation and the mechanized unit", "Questions of medical-chemical defense and anti-aircraft defense", "Questions of hygiene, epidemiology and disinfection", and general article reviews that were not classified under any of the above headings.
Examples of the 19 articles and 3 abstracts on "The political and organization questions of the cadre and general question" include:
The following are titles of some of the 33 articles and 8 abstracts on "Medical tactics":
The following titles were among the 98 articles and 13 abstracts on "Therapeutic-prophylactic questions":
Included among the 51 articles and 21 abstracts on "Questions of medical support of aviation and the mechanized unit" are:
There were 5 articles and 4 abstracts on "Questions of medical-chemical defense and anti-aircraft defense", including the following title:
Among the 41 articles and 7 abstracts on "Questions of hygiene, epidemiology and disinfection" were the following titles:
The following titles were among the 15 reviews of articles not classified under the previous headings:

</doc>
<doc id="19320524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320524" title="Vanja Blomberg">
Vanja Blomberg

Vanja Blomberg (Webjörn), (born 28 January 1929 in Göteborg) is a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. Married December 4, 1958 to Olof Webjörn.
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320528" title="Luis Martínez (judoka)">
Luis Martínez (judoka)

Luis Felipe Martínez Rosado (born December 15, 1965) is a retired male judoka from Puerto Rico. 
Martínez claimed the gold medal in the Men's Flyweight (– 56 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. In the final he defeated USA's Clifton Sunada. He twice (1988 and 1992) represented his native country at the Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19320545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320545" title="North Padre Island">
North Padre Island

North Padre Island is a barrier island along the coast of Texas. It and South Padre Island were formed after the creation of the Port Mansfield Channel split Padre Island in two. From north to south, North Padre Island is located in parts of Nueces, Kleberg, Kenedy, and Willacy counties. The northernmost part of the island to the Kleberg County line is part of the City Of Corpus Christi.
Corpus Christi.
The upper portion of North Padre Island is a district of the City of Corpus Christi. "The Island" as known by locals consist of high income residential housing, condominiums and is popular fishing destination. The Packery Channel an inlet which connects the Gulf Of Mexico to the Laguna Madre separates 
North Padre Island from Mustang Island. There are numerous hotels located on North Padre Island which can be found along the beach or near the intersection of Texas Highway 361 and Texas Park Road 22 the districts two only main throughfares. Boating is also a popular activity on the island as the residential neighborhoods are connected by a series of canals which lead to the Gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="19320561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320561" title="Spades Wharf Island">
Spades Wharf Island

Spades Wharf Island is an a small island in the Susquehanna River in Lower Swatara Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, near Highspire, Pennsylvania. Near the Harrisburg International Airport, the island itself is part of the Pennsylvania State Game Lands and is known for its small shape.

</doc>
<doc id="19320564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320564" title="CIT Le Richelain">
CIT Le Richelain

The CIT Le Richelain ("Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport Le Richelain") is the public transportation system for the municipalities of La Prairie, Candiac and Saint-Philippe, which are suburbs lying southeast of Montreal in Quebec, Canada. Originally the communities around Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu were included but the town now has its own public transit system which serves that area.
Commuter service to Montreal is the major function of the CIT, either directly to the downtown bus terminal via a reserved bus lane on the Champlain Bridge or with shuttle bus connections to the Candiac commuter rail line, which is operated by Agence métropolitaine de transport.
In 2007, CIT Le Richelain renewed the contract with the "Gestrans" to provide all management services and renewed its agreement with the carrier "La Québécoise" for the operation of the buses.

</doc>
<doc id="19320573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320573" title="Destruction of Kalisz">
Destruction of Kalisz

The destruction and sacking of the city of Kalisz () occurred in August 1914. It was carried out by German Empire troops. From August 2 until August 22, 1914 at the beginning of World War I, one of the oldest towns in Poland (then under Russian administration), was shelled, bombed and burned down. The event is also known as the Pogrom of Kalisz or Poland’s Louvain (see "Schrecklichkeit" atrocities).
Kalisz was founded in the 13th century on an ancient site encircled by the Prosna river. It has a typical mediaeval urban structure. On February 13, 1793, Kalisz and the Kalisz region were annexed by Prussia during the partition of Poland; but after Napoleon's defeat on the Eastern front, it was taken over by Imperial Russia, which subsequently controlled the city for more than 100 years – from February 14, 1813, until August 2, 1914. The Prussian army invaded Kalisz from the nearby Ostrowo on August 2, 1914. Major Hermann Preusker, the commander of the second battalion of the 155th Infantry Regiment, gave the order to burn down the city. As a result, 95% of Kalisz was completely destroyed. Most of the houses within the mediaeval town area were levelled to the ground. Only churches and public offices survived. A significant number of citizens were shot. After the war, Kalisz which before the war had 65,000 citizens, was left with 5,000 inhabitants following the August exodus.
The recovery took years; however, even before the war ended, the Town's Council already decided to rebuild Kalisz in such a way as to reflect its long history. The reconstruction was based on a design which won the 1916 competition, although the German authorities opposed it. After the town was liberated from Germany in 1918 and became part of the reborn sovereign Poland, reconstruction was pursued in an energetic and enthusiastic way.
Outbreak of World War I.
The Russians pull out.
The first inclination of the war reaching Kalisz was when the nearby border with the German Empire was closed at Neu Skalmierschütz and rail movements across the border to Germany were stopped. Russian officials began evacuating the city alongside military personnel. On August 2, 1914, at dawn, the Russian military retreated from the city without fighting, after setting fire to military warehouses near the railway station. It was set on fire as well as the trains and transport wagons. A civic committee was established by the citizens of the town which began to administer the city. Additionally, the Civil Guard was established to keep order, while workers tried to put the fire at the railway station out.
The Germans move in.
First German soldiers appear.
Around 14:00, on August 2, the first German patrols appeared along the railway tracks. As the patrols increased, crowds gathered. Altogether the atmosphere was neutral, although some unfavourable comments could be heard from among the citizens of Kalisz. When a German officer arrived, mayor Bukowiński gave him the keys to the city as a symbolic gesture. After ensuring that there were no Russian forces present, the German patrols withdrew to Szczypiorno. In later hours, other German soldiers started to arrive on bicycles. Many of them were Poles from the nearby town of Schildberg, and there was no hostility between them and the local Polish population. The German soldiers of Polish extraction (about 30 in number), quickly separated from the rest of the Germans and went to the market, where they engaged in conversation with the local population and drank beer with them. German soldiers remained separated and struggled to engage in conversations which were carried out in Polish.
Arrival of the main German forces.
Only on the night of 2 and 3 of August around midnight, did the main German forces come from the Fifth Company of the 155th regiment of infantry in Ostrowo. The commander, Captain Keild, demanded lodgings for his troops and summoned the mayor. On the same night, forces of Major Hermann Preusker came to the city from the 2nd Battalion of infantry. Preusker immediately took over and named himself the commandant. At the selection of quarters, Preusker showed great displeasure and demanded the building housing the Musical Society and Christian Craftsmen in the city instead of the Russian military barracks.
At dawn on 3 August, mortars were brought into the city. At the same time, Major Preusker started arguing with the city council, although those worthies had fulfilled his every request. Some believed he was disappointed with the lack of resistance and the indifferent attitude to German soldiers by the Polish population, which had begun to establish personal connections with the ethnic Polish soldiers from the German-controlled part of the partitioned country. Some of those soldiers did not show any support for the war and even condemned the conflict.
Executions and repression.
In the late evening, a single shot was heard, which began panic and confusion among the city population; it was followed by machine gun fire. After this short event, peace returned to the area. During the night the firing resumed, when German soldiers started to shoot at each other, probably thinking that they were surrounded by Russian forces. Although the civilians stayed at home, 21 of them and six soldiers were dead and 32 soldiers were wounded. Major Preusker claimed that it was the local population that carried out the shooting.
On August 4, Preusker took six citizens as hostages, 50,000 rubles of retribution, a curfew, a ban on publishing newspapers, and the threat of taking further hostages and executions. Despite this, the Germans continued with further repression and executions. Civilians were brutally beaten, often with rifle butts; at any sign of resistance, people were shoved against a wall and shot. Many executions happened near the hospital where wounded people were taken. Several corpses were left in the street. Numerous pedestrians were mistreated and any signs of opposition were quelled with such brutality and under such conditions that there were cases where soldiers refused to follow the orders of their officers. Up to 20 people were murdered in this way.
Shelling and raids into the city.
After taking their hostages with them, the Germans started to retreat from the city in late afternoon. An hour later, artillery fire was laid down on the city from nearby hills. It was very efficient as Kalisz is located in a deep valley. Additionally, the Germans had ordered the day before that all citizens should illuminate their homes, which helped in directing the fire. This continued for several days, with the Germans staging short raids into the city. As the shelling started fires, general panic broke out, and even as the Germans threatened to kill anybody escaping, people tried to escape by whatever means they had. Large crowds of panic-stricken people, including children and the elderly with any possessions they could grab, were running from the city, which became almost deserted. On August 5, 10,000 people fled the shelled town. The Germans took additional hostages, mistreating them and even killing some. Only after the intervention of the Catholic Church, were some released and others sent to POW camps in Cottbus in Germany.
Massacre of civilian population.
As the situation seemed to calm down, new forces from Saxony arrived, while Major Preusker's soldiers were withdrawn. Another incident happened on August 7 on Main Market Square, when a lone horse ran free; as a result, German soldiers started shooting in a disorganised way, which led to the death of some of them. Artillery was positioned within the city and the Germans fired at civilian buildings for over an hour. About 100 civilians died in this incident. The Germans searched for survivors and when they found them, they stabbed them to death with bayonets.
During the afternoon, City Hall was set on fire, and officials executed. The Germans retreated and shooting began again, which continued overnight between 7 and 8 August. On Saturday morning, the Germans returned to the city, taking 800 men prisoner and executing 80 of them on a nearby hill. The following day, the Germans started to systematically burn down the city. It is mentioned that in cases where civilians tried to fight the fire, they were murdered by German soldiers.
The shootings, murderers, plunder of shops and homes as well as the burning down of the whole city lasted until 22 August, when the last home was set alight on Nowoogrodowska street.
The Polish press in all territories of Partitions reported extensively on the event, some calling it "monstrous madness, that is unbelievable". The damage in Kalisz constituted 29,5% of the losses in the entire Congress Poland during World War I. The destruction has been compared to the massacre of Louvain, where a city was destroyed in similar manner by the Germans. Before the war Kalisz had 65,000 citizens; after the war, there were only 5,000 left.

</doc>
<doc id="19320580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320580" title="Gary Sherman (Wisconsin politician)">
Gary Sherman (Wisconsin politician)

Gary E. Sherman is a jurist and legislator. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1998 to 2010 until he was appointed to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Sherman received his bachelors and law degrees from University of Wisconsin–Madison, and currently lives in Port Wing, Wisconsin. He was appointed to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals, succeeding Judge Burnie Bridge, who retired in 2010. In May 2010, Sherman resigned from the Wisconsin Assembly and was sworn in as judge of the Wisconsin State Court of Appeals.

</doc>
<doc id="19320581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320581" title="List of Pearl Jam band members">
List of Pearl Jam band members

Pearl Jam is an American alternative rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1990. The original incarnation of Pearl Jam included bassist Jeff Ament, guitarists Stone Gossard and Mike McCready, vocalist Eddie Vedder, and drummer Dave Krusen. This line-up recorded Pearl Jam's debut studio album, "Ten". Three months before the album was released, Krusen left the band in May 1991.
Krusen was replaced by Matt Chamberlain, who had previously played with Edie Brickell & New Bohemians. After playing only a handful of shows, one of which was filmed for the "Alive" video, Chamberlain left to join the "Saturday Night Live" band. As his replacement, Chamberlain suggested Dave Abbruzzese, who joined the group and played the rest of Pearl Jam's live shows supporting the "Ten" album. The band then recorded the studio albums "Vs.", released in 1993, and "Vitalogy", released in 1994. Although Abbruzzese performed on the album "Vitalogy", he was fired in August 1994, four months before the album was released. The band cited political differences between Abbruzzese and the other members; for example, he disagreed with the Ticketmaster boycott. He was replaced by Jack Irons, a close friend of Vedder and the former drummer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Irons' first recording with the band was "Hey Foxymophandlemama, That's Me" for "Vitalogy". He drummed on the Pearl Jam/Neil Young collaborations "Mirror Ball" and "Merkin Ball", both released in 1995, and the Pearl Jam studio albums "No Code", released in 1996, and "Yield", released in 1998. That same year, prior to Pearl Jam's U.S. Yield Tour, Irons left the band due to dissatisfaction with touring. Pearl Jam enlisted former Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron as Irons' replacement on an initially temporary basis, but he soon became an official member of the band. With Cameron, Pearl Jam has released the studio albums "Binaural" in 2000, "Riot Act" in 2002, "Pearl Jam" in 2006, "Backspacer" in 2009, and "Lightning Bolt" in 2013. In 2002, the band brought in organist Boom Gaspar as an additional member. Gaspar has appeared on the studio albums "Riot Act", "Pearl Jam", and "Lightning Bolt" in addition to touring with the band.
Additional personnel.
Pearl Jam has employed one musician who performs on tours and contributes to studio recordings with the band, but is not considered an official member.

</doc>
<doc id="19320589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320589" title="Ann-Sofi Pettersson">
Ann-Sofi Pettersson

Ann-Sofi Pettersson (born 1 January 1932 in Stockholm) is a Swedish former gymnast and Olympic champion. 
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in team exercise with portable apparatus. 
At the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne she received a silver medal in team exercise with portable apparatus, and a bronze medal in side horse vault.

</doc>
<doc id="19320593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320593" title="Imazapyr">
Imazapyr

Imazapyr is a non-selective herbicide used for the control of a broad range of weeds including terrestrial annual and perennial grasses and broadleaved herbs, woody species, and riparian and emergent aquatic species. It is used to eliminate "Lithocarpus densiflorus" (Tan Oak) and "Arbutus menziesii" (Pacific Madrone). Additionally, imazapyr is used to control annual and perennial grass and broadleaved weeds, brush, vines and many deciduous trees. Imazapyr is absorbed by the leaves and roots, and moves rapidly through the plant. It accumulates in the meristem region (active growth region) of the plant. In plants, imazapyr disrupts protein synthesis and interferes with cell growth and DNA synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19320614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320614" title="Adult Rock and Roll">
Adult Rock and Roll

Adult Rock and Roll was a 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global. Its playlist was mostly active rock music (a mixtur of classic and modern rock from artists such as Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Green Day, The Rolling Stones, etc. that mainly targets listeners ages 32–45.
On December 29, 2008, "Adult Rock and Roll" was merged with Jones Radio Networks' "Rock Classics" to make Dial Global's new format "Classic Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="19320617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320617" title="Francis Godolphin Bond">
Francis Godolphin Bond

Francis Godolphin Bond (23 January 1765 – 26 October 1839, Exeter) was a Rear-Admiral in the British Royal Navy. He was a nephew of William Bligh and grandfather of Frederick Bligh Bond. He sailed as Bligh's First Lieutenant on HMS Providence, Bligh's second breadfruit mission to Tahiti following the ill-fated Bounty voyage.
In 1798 as a Lieutenant he commissioned the newly acquired . Under his command, "Netley" captured numerous French and Spanish privateers, including "Egyptienne". In all, under Bond "Netley" captured some 45 prizes, including 19 armed privateers. "Reina Luisa" was valued for purposes of prize money at £24,000. If Bond received the full ¼ due the captain of the capturing vessel(s), his share would have been £6,000, or an amount equivalent to about 15 years pay for a senior captain (in rank). This would have been in addition to the prize money for all his other captures. Bond received his promotion to Commander on 11 December 1800 and left "Netley".
Bond returned to England. He was promoted to post captain on 29 April 1802. In June 1803 he received a command in the Sea Fencibles. He received no further command and though he rose to the rank rear admiral on 10 January 1837 through seniority, he actually appears never to have gone to sea again in a naval capacity after his service in "Netley".
Bond died at Exeter, about three years later, on 26 October 1839, aged 74.
References.
William Bligh, Francis Godolphin Bond (1953) "Fresh light on Bligh: being some unpublished correspondence of Captain William Bligh, R.N., and Lieutenant Francis Godolphin Bond, R.N., with Lieutenant Bond's manuscript notes made on the voyage of H.M.S. "Providence," 1791-1795". (D.S. Ford, Printers).

</doc>
<doc id="19320625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320625" title="CapeNature">
CapeNature

CapeNature (officially the Western Cape Nature Conservation Board) is a governmental organisation responsible for maintaining wilderness areas and public nature reserves in Western Cape Province, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19320629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320629" title="Ivan Mazepa's Hetman's Banner">
Ivan Mazepa's Hetman's Banner

Ivan Mazepa's Hetman's Banner symbolized the highest Cossack power in Ukraine. 
The banner was meant for the Ukrainian Hetman, Ivan Samoylovych in the Kremlin in Moscow in the years 1686-1688. After removing him from power, the banner was granted to Hetman Ivan Mazepa. After the Battle of Poltava in 1709, the banner was passed to Hetman Ivan Skoropadsky. <br>
The original area of the banner was . It was made of white and yellow silk damasks and painted and gilded on both sides. 
The banner is stored at the Historical Museum in Kharkiv. 
From September 2007 to September 2008, conservators from the National Museum in Kraków, Poland set themselves a prestigious task of saving this artifact. The banner was prepared for the exhibition "Ukraine-Sweden: at the Crossroads of History (17th to 18th Centuries)." 
Ivan Mazepa's Hetman's Banner is one of the only three Cossack banners in the world (the second one is in Moscow, the third is in Stockholm).

</doc>
<doc id="19320638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320638" title="David Tavaré">
David Tavaré

David Tavaré (born on December 20, 1984) is a Spanish singer and House Music DJ .
Biography.
David Tavare was born on December 20, 1984 in Pollenca, Spain. He is the son of a legendary Spanish guitar player. Two of his uncles are English comedian Jim Tavaré and former England Test cricketer Chris Tavaré.
David was brought up on a holiday island and the Mediterranean way of life inspired him. David had always dreamed of being a singer but when he saw "Operacion Triunfo", the Spanish version of "Pop Idol" on television, he knew: “This is what I want, I want to sing on a stage”. The finalist of the successful television show, David Bustamante, was his singing teacher.
Music career.
"Hot Summer Night (Oh La La La)" was his second song, featuring 2 Eivissa, released first in July 2007 in Spain, where it was a top two hit, then twelve months later in France where it was so successful, becoming one of the summer hits.
David Tavaré released first studio album "La vida viene y va" in late 2008.
The next single after "Hot Summer Night" is "Call Me Baby (If You Don't Know My Name)". The music video has been released in November 2008. An unofficial remix of the song was released by DJ Party Slayer under the name "If You Don't Know My Name" as the second single from his third studio album “I’m World War III”. It reached #1 on the "Party World Bubblegum Top 100 Singles Charts" and its promo video topped the "Party World Top 40 Videos" 

</doc>
<doc id="19320650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320650" title="Clifton Sunada">
Clifton Sunada

Clifton ("Cliff") S. Sunada (born May 18, 1971 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a retired male judoka from the United States.
Sunada claimed the silver medal in the Men's Flyweight (– 56 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. In the final he was defeated by Puerto Rico's Luis Martínez. He represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19320653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320653" title="European Youth Campaign">
European Youth Campaign

The European Youth Campaign (EYC) - active in the 1950s - was an organization funded by the American Committee on United Europe (a CIA front), and was created mainly as a response to the Comintern in Eastern Europe. Note that EYC is not connected to the Young European Movement which is part of the European Movement.
The EYC worked to promote a pro-European attitude amongst European youth, and conducted "a massive propaganda campaign of conferences and exhibitions, cinema shows, radio broadcasts and a large array of publications".

</doc>
<doc id="19320654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320654" title="Nurse Grenade">
Nurse Grenade

Nurse Grenade is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian electro-industrial band Angelspit. Released 3 October 2004 through the band's website. It was later re-mastered and re-released in February, 2007 in a new disk-like tin case.

</doc>
<doc id="19320676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320676" title="Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu public transit">
Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu public transit

Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu public transit (transport en commun) is operated on behalf of the city of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu in the province of Quebec, Canada. This small city lies on the Richelieu River about southeast of Montreal, and is the regional capital of Haut-Richelieu Regional County Municipality. Gestrans is the contracted manager of the transportation system with the buses for both local and commuter services being operated by Veolia Transportation.
Services.
Intercity bus routes operate between Terminus Carrefour Richelieu at 600, rue Pierre-Caisse in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu and Terminus Centre-Ville located at 1000 de La Gauchetière in Downtown Montreal, with direct access there to the Bonaventure station on the Montreal Metro. Six routes provide local bus service for the core areas of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Saint-Luc, Iberville, Saint-Athanase and L'Acadie. There is also a taxibus system which operates within designated sectors and synchronizes with the scheduled routes.
The City of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu is the agency mandated to provide transportation for people with disabilities throughout the Region of Haut-Richelieu. To be eligible, interested individuals must first submit a request to that effect and attach the required documents.
Future plans include expanding operations within the current service area, the possible introduction of connections to other centres within Haut-Richelieu and a link to the city of Chambly.

</doc>
<doc id="19320686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320686" title="Elmer Grey">
Elmer Grey

Elmer Grey, FAIA (April 29, 1872 – November 14, 1963) was an American architect and artist based in Pasadena, California. Grey designed many noted landmarks in Southern California, including the Beverly Hills Hotel, the Huntington Art Gallery, the Pasadena Playhouse and Wattles Mansion. He is credited with being one of the pioneers in the development of the new American architecture in the early 20th century, with a focus on harmony with nature and eliminating features not belonging to the local climate and conditions. Grey was also a noted artist whose paintings are in the permanent collection of the Chicago Art Institute.
Architectural career.
Career in the Midwest.
Grey was born in Chicago and educated in the Milwaukee public schools. He did not attend college and worked for the Milwaukee architectural firm of Ferry & Clas from 1887-1899. In 1890, the 18-year-old Grey won first prize in a competition for the design of a water tower and pumping station sponsored by a New York architectural publication. While at Ferry & Clas, he assisted in the design of the Milwaukee Central Library and the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison, Wisconsin. When Grey went into practice on his own, he first attracted attention for his design of a summer home he built for himself on a bluff overlooking Lake Michigan at Fox Point, Wisconsin. Grey's Fox Point house was a great hit, being published widely in magazines and leading to Grey's elevation to Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Health problems.
Another major commission during his years in Wisconsin was the Christian Science church in Milwaukee. It was shortly after those plans were finished that Grey later recalled that "my health broke down completely." Grey wrote that his health problems had more to do with "nerves" rather than anything purely physical. Grey abandoned his Milwaukee practice and traveled to Florida, Philadelphia and then to Las Vegas, seeking to regain his health. He took up work on a ranch, hoping the hard work would build his strength. He eventually moved to California, spending time swimming, rowing, playing tennis and fishing on Catalina Island. When he read of a job working on a Hollywood citrus ranch for $25 a month plus board, he took the position.
Partnership with Myron Hunt.
In 1904, Grey became friends with a fellow Midwestern architect, Myron Hunt. The two rode horses together on Sunday mornings in Pasadena and formed a partnership in that city as Hunt and Grey. Grey later wrote that he began by working only a short time each day "until my nerves got in better shape." Grey's health again failed during the early years of his partnership with Hunt, and he took a long trip to the South Sea Islands. Yet, it was during his partnership with Hunt that Grey produced some of his finest work. The two designed fine residences for the wealthy of Pasadena and also worked on larger projects, including schools, churches and hotels. In 1905, "The Architectural Record" published articles on both Grey and Hunt, noting: "Both Mr. Hunt and Mr. Grey stand for the attempt to naturalize in this country the best traditions of European architecture. Mr. Grey, for instance, believes that a very genuine American style is in the process of making; but that as yet it is only in its infancy."
From 1907-1908, Hunt & Grey designed a Beaux Arts mansion for railroad and finance magnate, Henry Huntington, in San Marino. The mansion, built with reinforced concrete, tile walls and a slab roof, was not completed until 1911. In his book, "Houses of Los Angeles," Sam Watters wrote that the Huntington structure was "unique in Los Angeles for the ambition of its house." While a French influence was requested by Mrs. Huntington, Hunt & Grey also added elements of a new California architecture by including a red-tile roof, unornamented plaster walls, and sage green window trim. The Huntington mansion was later converted into the main art gallery of the cultural center built around the Huntington Library.
Hunt & Grey's larger commissions included work for Throop Institute in Pasadena, the school which would soon become California Institute of Technology. In 1911, they began plans for the new campus of Occidental College in the Eagle Rock district of Los Angeles. They also designed a dormitory and other structures for Claremont College and a master expansion plan for Pomona College.
Association with the Arts and Crafts movement.
In 1906, Hunt & Grey designed a home for Dr. Guy Cochran near Downtown Los Angeles that Gustav Stickley's "The Craftsman" magazine dubbed the "very best" of their work, with enormous windows "looking out upon the terrace and garden, givsuch a sense of relationship between the two that there is almost no feeling of being enclosed within walls." "The Craftsman" referred to Hunt & Grey as "pioneers in the development of the new American architecture," which was "but a series of individual plans adapted to the climatic conditions and to the needs of daily living" and in harmony "with the natural environment and contour of the landscape." The house reflected Grey's vision of California bungalow architecture, which he described in 1907 as follows:"The best California bungalow schemes involve a garden or large outdoor living space, incorporated as an integral part of the plan. By this we mean that the main rooms of the house are arranged to face this out-of-door living space ... It was once considered absurd to plan a house with the kitchen toward the street, but now not so in California ... the street side of [a man's domicile is merely the side through which he enters."
In 1910, as the American Craftsman movement was in full bloom in Southern California, Grey wrote that California architecture was distinctive because local architects were simply trying to be "natural"—not so much "because our architects have striven to be unique in their designing as because they have tried to eliminate features not belonging to this climate and to local conditions." Grey also emphasized simplicity, once writing that "the greatest fault that can be found with the architecture of Southern California is that which may be found with all American architecture to a greater or lesser extent, namely, a lack of simplicity."
Though often associated with the Craftsman movement, Grey's structures reflect a wide variety of styles, including Beaux Arts, Mission Revival and English Tudor. One Grey biographer wrote: "While Grey shared a number of beliefs with Stickley and the Arts and Crafts movement, his catholic, traditionalist taste and disposition would not allow him to become an exponent of any one movement. The woodsy, informal image of the Arts and Crafts house was simply one of many that he might employ. Like Charles and Henry Greene, he transformed the low-art Arts and Crafts dwelling into a sophisticated high-art object."
Later career.
After his partnership with Hunt dissolved in 1910 or 1911, Grey went on to design the Pasadena Playhouse, the Beverly Hills Hotel, the Lincoln Shrine in Redlands, three buildings for the First Church of Christ Scientist, and many residences. After completing his first Christian Science church, Grey published an article about church design in which he wrote:
"The commercial spirit of our age is so inclined to be a mad race for the 'almighty dollar,' and commercial structures are so often built with the idea of obtaining the most show for the least money that when religious organizations build they should show that their aims are higher. The trend of preachment or sermon in all churches is for the things of lasting value, the real as against the seeming; so when a church builds, it should show that it believes in putting such preachments into practice, that it demands the real in architecture instead of that which only seems so."
The church Grey designed for the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Los Angeles was later used by Jim Jones and his Peoples Temple immediately prior to the 1978 Jonestown tragedy.
Artist and author.
Grey was also an artist who painted in both oils and watercolors. He painted Southern California landscapes, and his watercolors are on permanent exhibit at the Chicago Art Institute. Grey also wrote numerous articles on architecture and philosophy.
For several years in the 1920s, Grey's nervous condition again forced him to cease working as an architect, though he rturned to his practice in 1929. During the 1930s, he also tried to obtain work as a set designer in Hollywood.
Grey moved his practice to Florida in 1941, where he was an instructor in mechanical drawing and also painted a 35-foot frieze at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville, Florida, depicting five episodes in the history and development of Florida. Grey later returned to Pasadena in his retirement; he died in November 1963 at age 91 in the Pasadena mansion he had built for himself.
Grey's architectural works.
Grey's major works include:
Further reading.
More detailed biographical information about Grey can be found in a ten-part series published by "Architect & Engineer" magazine from November 1932 through August 1933 under the title, "Vicissitudes of a Young Architect." See also Robert Craik McLean, "The Work of Elmer Gray, Architect, FAIA," published by "The Western Architect" in August 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="19320687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320687" title="HMS Satellite">
HMS Satellite

Eight ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Satellite":

</doc>
<doc id="19320704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320704" title="Brent Hughes (ice hockey, born 1982)">
Brent Hughes (ice hockey, born 1982)

Brent Hughes (born June 9, 1982 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Dundee Stars of the Elite Ice Hockey League. 
Hughes turned pro in 2003, joining the Austin Ice Bats of the Central Hockey League (CHL). He then spent two seasons with the Amarillo Gorillas before joining the Colorado Eagles midway through the 2006-07 season and would go on to win the CHL Championship that season. In 2007, Hughes moved to the new International Hockey League (formerly the United Hockey League), signing with the Port Huron Icehawks. In 2008, Hughes moved to the United Kingdom's Elite Ice Hockey League, signing with the Basingstoke Bison. On 29 January 2010 Hughes signed for the Newcastle Vipers.
Hughes went on to sign for then new Elite League team Dundee Stars for the 2010-11 season, where he was appointed assistant Coach. In the 2011-12 season, he was promoted to Head Coach when Dan Ceman was fired.

</doc>
<doc id="19320712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320712" title="Land tenure in England">
Land tenure in England

Land tenure in England
History.
Even before the Norman Conquest, there was a strong tradition of landholding in Anglo-Saxon law. When William the Conqueror asserted sovereignty over England in 1066, he confiscated the property of the recalcitrant English landowners. Over the next dozen years, he granted land to his lords and to the dispossessed Englishmen, or affirmed their existing land holdings, in exchange for fealty and promises of military and other services. At the time of the Domesday Book, all land in England was held by someone, and from that time there has been no allodial land in England. In order to legitimise the notion of the Crown's paramount lordship, a legal fiction - that all land titles were held by the King's subjects as a result of a royal grant - was adopted.
Most of these tenants-in-chief had considerable land holdings and proceeded to grant parts of their land to their subordinates. This constant process of granting new tenures was known as subinfeudation. It created a complicated pyramid of feudal relationships. (see also Lord of the manor). At the bottom of the feudal pyramid were the tenants who lived on and worked the land (called the tenants in demesne and also the tenant paravail). In the middle were the lords who had no direct relationship with the King, or with the land in question - referred to as mesne lords.
Land was granted in return for various "services" and "incidents". A service was an obligation on the part of the tenant owed to the landlord. The most important were payment of rent (socage tenure), military service (Knight-service), the performance of some form of religious service (frankalmoin) and personal/official service, including in times of war (serjeanty tenure). 
Incidents, on the other hand, were rights conferred on the lord over the tenant's land or the tenant's person that arose in certain circumstances, most commonly on the death of the tenant. An important incident was that of escheat, whereby the land of the tenant by knight service would escheat to the Crown in the event either of there being no heirs, or the knight's being convicted of a felony.
Spatial fragmentation of proprietary interests.
The concept of land tenure has been described as a "spatial fragmentation of proprietary interests in land". No one person could claim absolute ownership of a parcel of land, except the Crown. Thus the modern concept of "ownership" is not helpful in explaining the complexity of the distribution of rights. In relation to a particular piece of land, a number of people had rights: first, the tenant in demesne with possessory rights; second the mesne lord to whom the tenant owed services; third, a tenant in chief to whom the mesne lord owed services; and finally the Crown who received services directly from the tenant in chief.
Decline of land tenure.
The feudal system in England gradually became more and more complex until eventually the process became cumbrous and services difficult to enforce. As a result, the statute of Quia Emptores was passed in 1290 to replace subinfeudation with substitution, so the subordinate tenant transferred their tenure rather than creating a new subordinate tenure. As tenancies came to an end, the number of layers in the feudal pyramid was reduced. The Tenures Abolition Act 1660 abolished knight service, converting all free tenures to socage tenure. 
Quia Emptores and its equivalents do not apply to leases and life estates. In essence, lease of land to a tenant is a form of subinfeudation (unless the lease is granted by the Crown).
Surveys of land ownership.
The main two official surveys undertaken in the British Isles with the aim of identifying owners of land and land values are the Domesday Book of 1086 and the Return of Owners of Land, 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="19320715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320715" title="Willis García">
Willis García

Willis Bernardo García García (born July 29, 1970) is a retired male judoka from Venezuela. 
García claimed the bronze medal in the Men's Flyweight (– 56 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba, alongside Brazil's Sumio Tsujimoto. He represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, finishing in seventh place (tied).

</doc>
<doc id="19320716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320716" title="Congregational Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)">
Congregational Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)

The Congregational Church building in Southbridge, Massachusetts is a high Victorian Gothic Revival brick structure at 61 Elm Street. It is the only such church in Southbridge. It was built in 1885 to replace an earlier (1822) wood frame structure on the same site whose steeple was felled by a storm. (The old building was moved down the street and later burned down.) This church lost its steeple in the 1938 New England hurricane, and was not replaced.
The new building was built at a cost of $17,500 and dedicated on September 4, 1885. Its massing is typically complex for a Gothic church, but it lacks some of the verticality that such churches often exhibit, especially since it lost its steeple. It has characteristic steep pitch roofs, pinnacle ornaments, and stained glass windows. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19320738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320738" title="Sainte-Julie public transit">
Sainte-Julie public transit

Sainte-Julie public transit (transport en commun) is the public transportation service for the small city of Sainte-Julie in southwestern Quebec, Canada. This municipality is located in the Marguerite-D'Youville Regional County Municipality, about , northeast of downtown Montreal.
The system provides a mix of regular transit bus and commuter express services, with most routes terminating either at Longueuil bus station or in downtown Montreal in front of 800, rue De La Gauchetière Ouest, across the street from Gare Centrale and near Terminus Centre-Ville. Agence métropolitaine de transport park and ride facilities for commuters, are located at 211 boulevard Armand-Frappier. Industrial and rural areas of Sainte-Julie are served by taxibus.
The Marguerite-D'Youville Regional County Municipality manages the transportation for people with disabilities within the Region. To be eligible for this service, one must complete the application form and be approved.

</doc>
<doc id="19320739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320739" title="Loras Joseph Watters">
Loras Joseph Watters

Loras Joseph Watters (October 14, 1915 – March 30, 2009) was an American Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Archdiocese of Dubuque.
Loras Joseph Watters was born in Dubuque, Iowa and ordained a priest in the Archdiocese of Dubuque on June 7, 1941. He was appointed an auxiliary bishop of the Dubuque Archdiocese and Titular bishop of Fidoloma by Pope Paul VI on June 21, 1965, aged 49. He was ordained bishop on August 26, 1965.
Diocese of Winona.
On January 8, 1969, Pope Paul VI appointed Bishop Watters the fifth Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Winona. On March 13, 1969, Watters was installed as the bishop of the Winona Diocese, where he remained until his retirement on his 71st birthday in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19320776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320776" title="AC Active">
AC Active

AC Active was a 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global Local (formerly Waitt Radio Networks). Its playlist was composed of hot adult contemporary music released from the 1980s to this day from artists such as Phil Collins, Maroon 5, Matchbox Twenty Green Day, KT Tunstall, etc. that mainly targeted listeners ages 25-44. 
In June 2012, due to reorganizations at Dial Global, the Dial Global Local 24/7 formats were fully integrated into Dial Global's portfolio of formats, and "Dial Global Local" ceased to exist as a brand name. However, most of the former Dial Global Local formats are still offered to affiliate stations in the same manner in which they were previously offered. AC Active continues as a Local version of Dial Global's Hot AC format.

</doc>
<doc id="19320784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320784" title="Gimdi">
Gimdi

Gimdi is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2170 in 390 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19320797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320797" title="Evangelical Free Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)">
Evangelical Free Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)

The Evangelical Free Church is a historic church on Hamilton Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts. It was built in 1869 by the Hamilton Woolen Company for a congregation of its senior employees and owners. The brick building is predominantly Romanesque in character, but it also has Gothic Revival features such as a multicolored, steeply pitched slate roof, and projecting entranceway.
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19320798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320798" title="Godamchaur">
Godamchaur

Godamchaur is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3868 in 645 individual households. It has 9 small wards in this village development committee. Saathali (ward 6) is mostly inhabited by Newars.

</doc>
<doc id="19320814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320814" title="Godawari, Bagmati">
Godawari, Bagmati

Godawari is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011, it had a population of 15,572 in 1,825 individual households. Botanical Garden is also in Godawari to take care of plants and trees.
Media.
To Promote local culture Godawari has one FM radio station ECR FM - 104.2 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19320845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320845" title="Shigueto Yamasaki">
Shigueto Yamasaki

Shigueto Yamasaki Júnior (born July 30, 1966) is a retired male judoka from Brazil. 
Yamasaki claimed the gold medal in the Men's Bantamweight (– 60 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. In the final he defeated Canada's Ewan Beaton. He represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He is the cousin of Mario Yamasaki.
References.
<br>
World Championship Rome under 21
World Championship Barcelona Spain 91 and Hamilton Canada 93
World Champion Sardenha Italy 1992/
Champion 2 times US Open Judo Tournament in Colorado Springs/
Bronze world championship Hungary 1992/
Bronze world championship Germany Munich 1992/
Silver medalist World Tournament Open Germany 1989/
Brazilian Champion 6 times/
Bronze medalist Godwill Games Seattle USA 1991/
Bronze medalist world tournament Austria 1990/1991/
Silver medalist Sardenha world tournament 1991-/
JIU JITSU BLACK BELT-/
MMA JUDGE AND REFEREE OFFICIAL CBMMA//

</doc>
<doc id="19320849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320849" title="Notre Dame Catholic Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)">
Notre Dame Catholic Church (Southbridge, Massachusetts)

Notre Dame Catholic Church is a historic church on Main Street at Marcy Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts.
It was built from 1912–1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
History.
Notre Dame Parish was founded in 1869 to serve the needs of the French Canadian community of Southbridge who migrated here beginning in the 1830s. A frame wood church was built shortly thereafter. The second Pastor Msgr Georges Elzar Brochu began to raise funds for a much larger church in the 1880s.
In 1895 Msgr Brochu purchased land at the corner of Main and Marcy for the new church. Part of the purchase agreement stipulated that the church could not actually be built until after the death of Mr. Marcy, the prior owner. As a result Msgr Brochu, who died in 1904 was unable to begin construction which was eventually undertaken by his successor, Msgr Louis O. Trigonne after Mr. Marcy died in 1908.
Notre Dame Church was the last of three churches built in Massachusetts for French congregations by Canadian architect Joseph Venne. The others were St. Anthony Church in New Bedford, Massachusetts (Venne's earliest church in the USA, begun 1902) and Notre Dame Church in Adams, Massachusetts.
The building is 190 feet in length and the nave is 75 feet wide. The transept is 123 feet across and the ceiling is 55 feet high. The tower is 210 feet high and offers a spectacular view of Southbridge.
Music.
The organ at Notre Dame Church was built in 1916 by the Casavant Frères Pipe Organ Company of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Opus 649. The large French Romantic instrument of 4 manuals and 42 ranks is capable of performing the full spectrum of organ literature. It is one of the largest and most complete instruments of any Catholic church in the State of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19320880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320880" title="Sacred Heart Church Historic District (Southbridge, Massachusetts)">
Sacred Heart Church Historic District (Southbridge, Massachusetts)

The Sacred Heart Church Historic District encompasses the complex of buildings associated with the Sacred Heart Church on Charlton Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts. The complex, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, is the second Roman Catholic parish (after Notre Dame) built to serve Southbridge's growing Franco-American population. The four buildings in the complex were built between 1909 and 1926 in the Colonial Revival style.
The parish was formally established in 1908, and construction on its buildings began in 1909. The first two to be built were the rectory and convent. The rectory, at 40 Charlton Street, is a 2.5 story brick structure with a hipped roof which is pierced by a few gable dormers. Its front facade features a central rounded bay, and both side facades have projecting rectangular bays. The convent is of similar styling, except its front facade features two side rounded bays and a central porch. Its rear facade also features an entry porch.
The school, which opened in 1910, was at first run by the Sisters of Nicolette, who also ran the Notre Dame parish school. The building is a large two story brick block, with projecting sections at the center of each side that rise up to the roof line on three sides, and above the main roof line on the front, which features three round Roman arched doorways. The main roof his hipped, as are the roof lines of the projecting sections.
The church was not completed until 1926. Unlike the other buildings, it has a marked Gothic character, with Gothic-style arched windows, buttresses, and Gothic ornamental detailing.

</doc>
<doc id="19320897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320897" title="Oodweyne">
Oodweyne

Oodweyne () is a town in the northwestern Togdheer province of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.
Overview.
Oodweyne is the capital of the Oodweyne District and is located in a pastoral area between Burco and Hargeisa in the western part of Togdheer province. The location of the town made it a strategic site during the Somali Revolution (1986-1992), and it was a major base for Somali National Army (SNA) troops. In 1989, the town was the scene of heavy fighting between government troops and Somali National Movement (SNM) militiamen. Some landmines held over from this conflict made transportation difficult during the 1990s.
Demographics.
Oodweyne has a population of around 6,700 inhabitants. The broader Oodweyne District has a total population of 42,031 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19320902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320902" title="USS Bedford Victory (AK-231)">
USS Bedford Victory (AK-231)

USS "Bedford Victory" (AK-231) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war, earning one battle star, and then returned to the United States for disposal.
Victory built in California.
"Bedford Victory" (AK-231) was laid down on 20 July 1944 at Richmond, California, by the Permanente Metals Corporation under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCV hull 540); launched on 30 September 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Raymond A. Kremp; acquired by the Navy on Armistice Day 1944; and commissioned that same day, Lt. Comdr. Dudley A. Durrant, USNR, in command.
World War II operations.
The Navy acquired "Bedford Victory" and several of her sisters in response to an urgent need for additional ammunition carriers to keep the greatly expanded U.S. Pacific Fleet supplied during the final surge against the Empire of Japan. Necessity, therefore, obviated major conversion efforts and kept her fitting out and shakedown training periods unavoidably brief. 
She completed her shakedown cruise on 27 November and began taking on a cargo of ammunition at Port Chicago, California. The ship stood out of San Francisco Bay on 15 December and—after stops at Pearl Harbor, Eniwetok Atoll, and Saipan—arrived at Ulithi on 16 January 1945. There, "Bedford Victory" became a unit of Service Squadron (ServRon) 10. Over the next four weeks, her crew worked feverishly rearming fleet units as they pulled into the anchorage for provisions, fuel, and ammunition. In February, the ship began visiting other ports of call, rearming warships at Leyte Gulf, Guam, and Saipan in addition to Ulithi.
Late in April, "Bedford Victory" joined a convoy of oilers bound for the Ryukyu Islands where the last campaign of World War II had already begun. On the 27th, she and her consorts became elements of Task Group (TG) 50.8, the mobile replenishment group supporting the U.S. 5th Fleet. For almost a month, she steamed in a holding area a day’s voyage to the east of Okinawa rearming various units of the 5th Fleet. 
At the end of the third week in May, she and the ammunition ship "Akutan" (AE-13) parted company with Task Group 50.8 and set course for Kerama Retto, the small group of islands just west of the southern end of Okinawa. The two ships entered the fleet anchorage on 21 May and began two weeks of ammunition distribution there. 
Enemy air attacks frequently punctuated her activities, but "Bedford Victory" emerged undamaged from Kerama Retto on 6 June. She steamed in convoy via Saipan and Ulithi to Leyte Gulf. She remained there through the end of the war and for about two months thereafter. Early in November, the ship embarked upon the long voyage home, and she arrived in Seattle, Washington, on the 17th. "Bedford Victory" remained at Seattle until the end of the first week in February 1946.
Post-war decommissioning.
At that time, she moved south to San Francisco, California, where she was decommissioned on 29 March 1946. She was returned to the Maritime Commission that same day. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 28 August 1946.
Honors and awards.
"Bedford Victory" earned one battle star for her World War II service.
Qualified "Bedford Victory" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19320943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320943" title="Ewan Beaton">
Ewan Beaton

Ewan Beaton (born July 13, 1969 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a male judoka from Canada. 
He claimed the silver medal in the Men's Bantamweight (– 60 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. In the final he was defeated by Brazil's Shigueto Yamasaki. Four years later he captured the gold medal.
Beaton represented his native country at the 1992 and the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was affiliated with the University of Manitoba.
Coaching career:

</doc>
<doc id="19320990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320990" title="Mark Richardson (ice hockey)">
Mark Richardson (ice hockey)

Mark Richardson (born 3 October 1986 in Swindon) is a British professional ice hockey player currently signed to the Cardiff Devils of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Richardson began his career with his hometown team the Swindon Lynx. In 2003, Richardson moved to the Bracknell Bees in a two year spell. Richardson's good performances during the 2004–05 season, which included 9 goals and 18 assists for 27 points, saw him move to the Elite League for the Cardiff Devils. His first season of 10 points in 30 games was impressive for an Elite League rookie, but his second season saw him collect 33 points, including 24 assists in 54 games. Richardson moved to the Nottingham Panthers in 2007, in what was a slightly disappointing season for him, but still managed to collect 20 points in 46 games. In 2008, Richardson signed with the Basingstoke Bison. Shortly after the end of the 08/09 season, with Basingstoke dropping out of the Elite League, Richardson re-signed for the Cardiff Devils as a defenceman.
Richardson also plays internationally for Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19320999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320999" title="Oak Glen (Portsmouth, Rhode Island)">
Oak Glen (Portsmouth, Rhode Island)

Oak Glen is a historic place at 745 Union Street in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. It was the home of Julia Ward Howe, the author of "The Battle Hymn of the Republic." She died here on October 17, 1910, at the age of 91.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19321042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321042" title="Pilgrim Congregational Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
Pilgrim Congregational Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)

Pilgrim Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at 909 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The brick Romanesque Revival building was constructed in 1887 to a design by local architect Stephen Earle. The buildings windows and other details are trimmed in sandstone, and a tower with projecting rounded corners rises from one corner. It features an open belfry with round-arch openings and is capped by a steeply pitched roof, with decorative finials at the corners.
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19321046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321046" title="Mainstream Country (radio network)">
Mainstream Country (radio network)

Mainstream Country, known on air as The Best of the New and Gold: Your Kind of Country, is a 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global. Its playlist is composed of classic and modern country music in the mid 1980s to the present. "Mainstream Country" also includes a daily syndicated Young and Verna morning show, which is also offered by its sister outlet Hot Country as well as independently syndicated.
Its competitors were "Country Today" and "The Bar" by Waitt, CD Country and U.S. Country by Jones, however those assets were absorbed by Triton Media Group, leaving Citadel Media's Today's Best Country and Real Country the only competitors. The Jones and Waitt networks, except for "The Bar," will be integrated into Mainstream Country and other Dial Global country formats in late 2008 and early 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19321047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321047" title="Jim Fairchild">
Jim Fairchild

Jim Fairchild (born Kirby James Fairchild October 8, 1973 in Fresno, California) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter. He records under the name All Smiles.
Fairchild was the lead guitarist of California rock band Grandaddy, and is currently the touring lead guitarist of Modest Mouse.
Biography.
Jim Fairchild moved to Modesto at the age of two, and began to play guitar at the age of 14. He has lived in Los Angeles, Chicago, and Portland, Oregon where he began to work under the name "All Smiles". As of 2009 he lives in San Francisco.
Fairchild joined Grandaddy as guitarist in 1995, and remained with the band until they broke up in 2006. He is featured on the Giant Sand release, "Cover Magazine". In 2001, he was the touring guitarist with Giant Sand, who were the opening act for PJ Harvey.
In 2005 Fairchild began touring as a guitarist in Modest Mouse before Johnny Marr joined the band. He released his first solo album, "Ten Readings of a Warning", which he arranged to be carbon neutral, in 2007, as well as a single, "Moth in a Cloud of Smoke". Musicians on the album include Solon Bixler, Joe Plummer, Danny Seim, and Janet Weiss. The album art was created by Natasha Wheat. Fairchild rejoined Modest Mouse in February 2009, and has continued to tour with them both nationally and internationally. Fairchild released his second album, "Oh for the Getting and Not Letting Go", on June 30, 2009. Band members on the album were Solon Bixler, Mike Cresswell, Nik Freitas, and Joe Plummer. After recording in Austin, Chicago, Los Angeles, Modesto, and Portland, All Smiles released the EP "Fall Never Fell" on November 17, 2009. The EP was recorded with musicians Solon Bixler, Mike Cresswell, Nik Freitas, Chico Jones, Dave Osborne, Joe Plummer, Danny Seim, Rachel Stolte, and Alance Ward.
He resumed his position in Modest Mouse in 2009.
In 2010 Fairchild was selected to lead a project at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, and was credited on Admiral Radley's first album, "I Heart California".
On March 1, 2011, Fairchild released All Smiles third full-length album, Staylow and Mighty, on his own Small Aisles label. This album includes contributions from Joe Plummer, Danny Seim, and Gary Jarman.
Personal life.
Fairchild's longtime girlfriend is artist Natasha Wheat.
Discography.
Albums released as All Smiles:
With Grandaddy:
Other releases:

</doc>
<doc id="19321059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321059" title="Massive (TV series)">
Massive (TV series)

Massive is a sitcom broadcast on digital channel BBC Three. It is set in Manchester and stars Ralf Little and Carl Rice as Danny and Shay, who leave their office jobs to set up a record label when Danny inherits £10,000 following the death of his grandmother.
The series began airing on BBC Three on 14 September 2008.
Characters.
The programme was produced by Jim Poyser and directed by David Kerr.

</doc>
<doc id="19321072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321072" title="Unicon (Maryland science fiction convention)">
Unicon (Maryland science fiction convention)

Unicon was an annual science fiction convention held in Maryland and at least once in Washington, D.C. from 1975 through 1989.
Unicon was born in the early 1970s on the second floor of the Stamp Student Union building at the University of Maryland, College Park. Unicon stood for University Convention. The University of Maryland Science Fiction Club was the organizing body. The club originally began as an open university course on science fiction with Stephen Rynas, a university junior, as the instructor.
Unicon I was held at the Interstate Inn on Route 1 in College Park. The Guest of Honor was Frederik Pohl.
Unicon outgrew any facilities in College Park and moved to the Silver Spring Sheraton (now a Hilton, where four Capclaves were held) for a successful run into the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19321075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321075" title="Agonopterix alstroemeriana">
Agonopterix alstroemeriana

The Hemlock Moth, also known as the Defoliating Hemlock Moth or Poison Hemlock Moth, is a moth species of the family Oecophoridae (concealer moths). Therein, it belongs to the subfamily Depressariinae, which is (particularly in older sources) sometimes placed in the related family Elachistidae instead, or elevated to a full family Depressariidae within the Gelechioidea. Of Palaearctic origin, it was first found in North America in 1973 when it was accidentally introduced. 
It has been used in biological control of the lethally toxic Poison Hemlock ("Conium maculatum"), which is eaten by its caterpillars (larvae). The larval form grows to about 12 mm, while the adults wingspan is between 17 mm and 19 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19321089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321089" title="Mary Hubler">
Mary Hubler

Mary Hubler is a former Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 75th Assembly District from 1984 to 2010. She was the chair of the Committee on Ethics and Standards of Conduct and a member of the Committee on Veterans and Military Affairs, the Joint Committee for Review of Administrative Rules, and the Special Committee on State Trails Policy. She was the Co-Chair for both the Joint Survey Committee on Retirement Systems and the Joint Survey Committee on Tax Exemptions.

</doc>
<doc id="19321093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321093" title="Washington Parish School Board">
Washington Parish School Board

Washington Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Franklinton, Louisiana, United States.
The district serves areas of Washington Parish not within the city of Bogalusa.
School uniforms.
All Washington Parish schools are required to adopt school uniforms for students.

</doc>
<doc id="19321096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321096" title="Franklinton High School">
Franklinton High School

Franklinton High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321099" title="Antirrhinum cyathiferum">
Antirrhinum cyathiferum

Antirrhinum cyathiferum (syn. "Pseudorontium cyathiferum") is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common names dog's mouth and Deep Canyon snapdragon. It is native to the deserts of northern Mexico and adjacent California and Arizona. It is an annual herb producing a hairy, erect, non-climbing stem with many oval-shaped leaves. The solitary flowers are dark-veined deep purple and white, often with some yellow in the throat, and are about a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="19321101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321101" title="Beyond Hypothermia (album)">
Beyond Hypothermia (album)

Beyond Hypothermia is a compilation by Cave In, compiling material from early out-of-print releases, and released in February 1998 on Hydra Head Records.
Personnel.
Cave In
The following list is of Cave In members during the time of recording of the original tracks. Most of the songs were re-recorded with different members for "Beyond Hypothermia".
Production and recording history
Art and design

</doc>
<doc id="19321102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321102" title="Gettin' Up">
Gettin' Up

“Gettin’ Up” is the first single released by Q-Tip for his album "The Renaissance".
The official remix which featured Eve and production by Swizz Beatz. The remix sampled Puff Daddy's "It's All about the Benjamins".
The music video was directed by Ben Dickinson, produced by Karen Lin and edited by D.J Sing. It was the free music video of the week November 18–25 on iTunes. The song peaked at #7 on "Billboard"’s Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles and features a sample from Black Ivory’s “You And I”. The track also received a UK release on December 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19321106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321106" title="Now My Heart Is Full">
Now My Heart Is Full

"Now My Heart Is Full" is a song by British artist Morrissey from his fourth solo album "Vauxhall and I". Critics have suggested the song's refrain of "Dallow, Spicer, Pinkie, Cubitt" addresses the gangsters from Graham Greene's 1938 novel "Brighton Rock" and so has a thematic link with Morrissey's 1989 song 
about the Kray twins "The Last of the Famous International Playboys".
Reviews.
Ned Raggett of "Allmusic" wrote "Morrissey's quiet purr at the start turns into one of his best, most soaring performances by the end."

</doc>
<doc id="19321118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321118" title="Frank Brady">
Frank Brady

Frank Brady may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321127" title="George Štancl">
George Štancl

Jiří (George) Štancl (born 19 August 1975 in Prague, Czech Republic) is a former international speedway rider. 
Štancl's father Jiří is a former World Championship finalist and his grandfather, also called Jiří was a former rider.

</doc>
<doc id="19321136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321136" title="List of heads of government of Russia">
List of heads of government of Russia

This is a list of Heads of Government of Russia (Prime Ministers of Russia in the modern sense) from 1905 as the Russian Empire when the first Prime Minister Sergei Witte took office up to the present day. The office is currently held by Dmitry Medvedev.
Multiple government changes in office, consecutive or otherwise, are listed and counted in the first column ("total number") and the second column ("administration number").

</doc>
<doc id="19321138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321138" title="Kazimierz Lux">
Kazimierz Lux

Kazimierz Lux (1780–1846) was an officer of the Polish Legions and a pirate in the Caribbean Sea during the early 19th century.
Biography.
Lux was born in Warsaw. Upon reaching the age of 15, he joined the Dąbrowski's Legions and fought during the Italian campaign. In 1803 on Napoleaon's order, his semibrigade, commanded by general Charles Leclerc, was sent to San Domingo to restore French rule over the island which rebelled in 1801.
After pacifying the rebellion, Lux started a career of piracy - shooting and boarding an American brig was one of his more spectacular successes; the vessel was later sold for 20 000 francs in Havana.
After returning to Europe, Lux served in the army of the Duchy of Warsaw. He took part in the Russian campaign; he served as an officer in the army of Congress Poland. 
Lux died in Warsaw in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="19321157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321157" title="Dan Ronan">
Dan Ronan

Dan Ronan is the senior director of communications, media relations and marketing at the American Bus Association (ABA), a Washington D.C. trade association representing the motorcoach, tourism and travel industry. He joined the ABA in June 2011 after three years as the media/corporate communications and community affairs manager for the American Automobile Association (AAA) of Texas/New Mexico, based in Irving, Texas. Ronan was hired at AAA in 2008 after a more than 20-year career in network and major market television.
Early life and education.
Ronan was raised in the Chicago neighborhood of Rogers Park by his grandparents, Leo and Agnes McDevitt. A lifelong Cubs fan, while a freshman in high school, he regularly helped clean Wrigley Field after classes helping to pay his tuition for high school. As an adult, Ronan became close friends with the retired Cubs, Hall of Fame baseball broadcaster Jack Brickhouse. One of Ronan's sons is named Jack in honor of Brickhouse. 
Ronan graduated with a B.S. degree in 2003 in agriculture journalism from the University of Wisconsin-Madison after attending the university from 1978-1982. His college education was interrupted after the unexpected death of his 20 year old, younger brother Tim, who died when the car in which he was a passenger was run off the road by a suspected drunken driver. Ronan later finished the five credits and earned his diploma. He has taken additional studies in aviation at Georgia State University and Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, where he was trained as an airplane crash investigator. In April 2012, he was accepted into the Masters degree journalism program at Kent State University with an anticipated graduation in 2014. 
Ronan holds a commercial pilot's license with multi-engine and instrument ratings. Because of his brother Tim's death, Ronan has dedicated his professional life, first as a news correspondent, with AAA Texas/New Mexico and now with the American Bus Association to transportation safety issues and he is considered by those in the national and Texas media as an expert on automobile, motorcoach and aviation related matters, having won several awards for his reporting on these subjects.
Career.
Early journalism career.
Ronan began his love of journalism while in Warren Township High School. He worked at several suburban radio stations in Chicago as a news and sports reporter, including acting as the live moderator/host of the Waukegan, Illinois, City Council meetings, broadcast on WEFA-FM, while in his junior and senior years.
At the University of Wisconsin-Madison he covered the State Legislature and Governor while carrying a full load of classes.
1983 to 1987.
In 1983, Ronan joined the Mutual Broadcasting System in Arlington, Virginia, as a news editor, starting on the overnight shift as a tape editor. Within two years, he was promoted, often supervising the newsroom at night with the legendary network anchorman Fred Lowrey. Down the hall, Larry King was hosting a five and a half hour nightly show, interviewing guests and taking calls. Later Ronan represented all of the radio and television network news divisions for two speeches as the "pool producer" for President Ronald Reagan in the Oval Office and at Camp David, Maryland. He was also the network producer for speeches for other high ranking government officials including then House Speaker Thomas P. "Tip" O'Neill.
1988 to 2001.
In 1987, Ronan joined WJLA-TV in Washington, DC, as an assignment editor until 1988. From there he was hired at CNN in Atlanta, starting as a writer before being promoted to correspondent. Ronan was awarded a "National Emmy" for his writing as part of CNN's coverage of the Oklahoma City, Alfred Murrah Federal Building Bombing. Eventually, Ronan joined CNN's start-up network, CNN/Financial News, reporting for that network and on "Moneyline" with Lou Dobbs. In 2001, Ronan left CNN.
2001 to 2007.
He joined WAGA in March 2001 as a reporter. Ronan is credited with breaking the February 2002 bizarre story of the Tri-State Crematory scandal and its owner Ray Brent Marsh, who had 300 or more bodies in his backyard, many older than five years old. 
Ronan also traveled to Havana, Cuba, with the former President Jimmy Carter when Carter met with the Cuban ruler Fidel Castro. Other highlights included leading WAGA-TV's coverage of the shutdown of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport in the hours after the September 11th attacks. Ronan was presented an RTNDA "Edward R. Murrow Award" for Journalism Excellence for his coverage of the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster and he also was honored with four Emmys while at WAGA. 
In addition, he was one of the first journalists selected by the Pentagon to be "embedded" with U.S. soldiers in Kuwait and Iraq, in the weeks just before hostilities started. Ronan filed more than a dozen stories from the Iraq/Kuwait border while living with troops from Fort Stewart, Georgia. After the war started, he was selected to "embed" with the Navy aboard the aircraft carrier USS "John F. Kennedy" (CV-67) as it deployed to Afghanistan. 
Ronan joined WFAA-TV in August 2003 as a senior reporter until November 2007. While at WFAA he specialized in coverage of the aviation industry, in particular the Southwest Airlines accident in Chicago and the repeal of the Wright Amendment in Congress. He earned his second RTNDA "Edward R. Murrow Award" as part of WFAA's coverage of a 18 wheeler, truck hijacking/kidnapping that resulted in high speed chase through several Dallas area cities. At WFAA, Ronan was awarded three Emmys, one for his coverage of a fatal tornado. The others were for his investigation of a deadly, New Year's Day plane crash and personal stories of Texas families dealing with the loss of a loved one in Iraq. His reporting of the Addison, Texas, plane crash helped change the way air traffic controllers now handle pilots and planes that are in distress. 
Ronan also reported while on board two NOAA weather flights that made numerous tracks into the "eye" of two of the most dangerous Atlantic hurricanes ever, Ivan and Rita. His reporting on Hurricane Rita was featured on ABC's "Good Morning America".
After leaving WFAA in 2007, Ronan was a freelance correspondent for the Dallas/Fort Worth bureau of "CBS Newspath". He also worked as a freelance media relations specialist for the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, highlighting the severe shortage of controllers across the country.
AAA Texas/New Mexico.
In May 2008, Ronan joined the American Automobile Association of Texas and New Mexico as the manager of corporate communications and community relations. Just weeks into the position, gasoline prices reached four dollars a gallon and Hurricane Ike struck Houston. Ronan helped lead AAA's media coverage through both major stories, including spending six days in Houston in the aftermath of Ike. 
Ronan was AAA's regional spokesman, responsible for all of the newspaper, radio, television and social media coverage in both states. He was frequently interviewed about the dangers of texting and emailing while driving, gasoline prices, automobile safety, drunken driving, highway and road construction, fuel conservation and insurance issues. In addition, he was responsible for AAA's strategic media planning and crisis communication plan.
Public service.
Outside of AAA, Ronan is a volunteer, serving as a member of the board of directors and executive committee of "Snowball Express", a registered 501(c) 3 non-profit, assisting the families of American killed servicemen and women. As part of the team, he has helped to plan and organize four December galas, where hundreds of Snowball Families are honored for five days and four nights with an all expenses paid vacation, two weeks before Christmas. 
Snowball Express Six was held on December 8–13, 2011, in Dallas. In December 2009, Snowball Express was selected as ABC News 'Person Of The Week' and was featured as the last story in the series by presenter Charles Gibson, one week before he retired. Dozens of other stories about Snowball Express appeared on Fox News, CNN and other media outlets. 
Ronan was also for five years a member and one year chairman of the Communications Industry/Faculty Advisory Board at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Personal life.
Dan and Lori Waffenschmidt-Ronan have six children, five of whom are adopted. Lori is the manager of broadcast communications at American Airlines in Fort Worth, after having previously worked at CNN as an executive producer and at National Public Radio in Washington as a news presenterr on "All Things Considered". Lori and Simon worked together at NPR for five years before she joined CNN. Because of the care and love Ronan received as a child from his grandparents, he and Lori are big believers in adoption. Leo and Agnes McDevitt were in their early 70s when he moved in with them while in the third grade and he lived with them until his freshman year in high school.
Three of their children were adopted from foster or group homes in Georgia and were under the protection of the Department of Children and Family Services. Part of the story of their joys and struggles with adoption are in the recent book by National Public Radio correspondent and host Scott Simon "Baby, We Were Meant For Each Other". In his book, Simon tells the story of the joy he and his wife Caroline discovered after adopting two girls from China. He also details the experiences of several other families who have adopted children including Sportswriter Frank Deford and his wife Carol. 
A fan of both professional and college sports, Ronan is a 1983 graduate of the Joe Brinkman Umpire School in Florida, umpiring college baseball from 1983 through 1995 and officiating high school and small college basketball from 1981 through 1992.
Because of his extensive travel schedule, work and volunteer commitments he recently "retired" as a competitive "beer league" ice hockey goaltender.
Awards.
During Ronan's career he was honored by his colleagues with eight Emmys and two Edward R. Murrow awards for journalism excellence, most notably for his coverage of the Space Shuttle explosion. His first National Emmy came at CNN for his work as a news writer during the first hours of coverage after the Oklahoma City bombing. He was also awarded an Emmy for his coverage of the arrest and conviction of the Atlanta Olympic Park Bomber, Eric Rudolph. His most recent Emmy came in October 2007, for his reporting and writing about north Texas soldiers and volunteers who served in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="19321167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321167" title="Affirmations (New Age)">
Affirmations (New Age)

Affirmations in New Thought and New Age terminology refers primarily to the practice of positive thinking and self-empowerment—fostering a belief that "a positive mental attitude supported by affirmations will achieve success in anything." More specifically, an affirmation is a carefully formatted statement that should be repeated to one's self and written down frequently. For an affirmation to be effective, it needs to be present tense, positive, personal and specific.
New Thought.
The New Thought movement is not part of New Age but does share certain practices. This concept has grown popular due to Rhonda Byrne's "The Secret" (also a 2006 film) These books and teachers express similar ideas to Napoleon Hill's classic book "Think and Grow Rich". Byrne was inspired in particular by New Thought pioneer Wallace D. Wattles' 1910 book "The Science of Getting Rich". Affirmations are also referred to in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP), Neuro Associative Conditioning "NAC" as popularized by Anthony Robbins, and hypnosis.
A related belief is that a certain critical mass of people with a highly spiritual consciousness will bring about a sudden change in the whole population. And that humans have a responsibility to take part in positive creative activity and to work to heal ourselves, each other and the Earth.
In 1984 Louise Hay a Religious Science Practitioner published "You Can Heal Your Life", a guide to changing thoughts and beliefs. Hay's affirmations are designed to help the user re-program their thought patterns, the intention being that harmful underlying beliefs which Hay believes psychologically support illness will be replaced with healing beliefs, and thus remove a barrier to healing.
New Age.
The Law of Attraction series by Esther Hicks and Jerry Hicks.Esther Hicks is a proponent of using affirmations when one is already in a state of happiness and peace.
New Age affirmations come in different forms, spiritual talks, lectures, classes, Affirmative Images, Affirmative Words, Affirmative Videos or just mantra chants.

</doc>
<doc id="19321203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321203" title="Unicon (British science fiction convention)">
Unicon (British science fiction convention)

Unicon is a series of British university-based science fiction conventions, launched as a one-off event - Unicon 80 - at Keele University in 1980. Following two follow-up events at the same venue (Unicon 2, 1981; Unicon 3, 1982), the series was opened up to outside groups. The first of this new series, Unicon 4, was held in the University of Essex at Colchester in 1983, followed by Oxcon 84, and Camcon in 1986.
The most recent was named Constitution and held in New Hall, Cambridge on 31 July-2 August 2009. The previous Unicon was Mecon at Queen's University, Belfast in August 2008. The 2007 Recombination was also held in New Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19321237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321237" title="Gartland">
Gartland

Gartland is a village in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the northwestern side of the river Namsen about north of the municipal center, Medjå. The village sits along the main European route E6 highway and the Nordlandsbanen railway line. Directly across the river are the farm areas of Elstad and Rosset. The main sources of income for residents of Gartland is agriculture, forestry, and salmon fishing during the summer. Gartland is a scarcely populated area of about fifteen farms. There is one store in the area which sells building materials.
In earlier days, the village of Gartland had a general store, post office, school, and Gløshaug Church (the old church in northern Harran). Now only the church is still in use, situated on a hill above Gartland. The river Namsen is known for excellent salmon fishing. In the 1800s and 1900s, several Englishmen (some of those were noblemen) owned houses along the river at Gartland, where they lived during their stay in Grong. One was Thomas Merthyr Guest, a man of considerable wealth. He bought two Gartland farms and in 1873 the old Gløshaug Church. Grong municipality wanted to tear down the old church and build a new church for Harran, but instead Mr. Guest restored it. The new Harran Church was put up at Fiskum in the village of Harran. Mr. Guest's widow sold the church in 1908 to a local farmer who in turn in 1910 gave the church to the municipality. 
Name.
The meaning of the name Gartland (or historically "Galtland") is uncertain. Some think it is derived from the old name for the local river "Galta" or "Garta" (now called Gartlandselva), which flows down into the main river Namsen. Others consider that "Galta" is a form of the male name "Galti". In that case, "land" means a large area of land, so Gartland may mean "Galtes land".

</doc>
<doc id="19321238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321238" title="Tectonic Plates (film)">
Tectonic Plates (film)

Tectonic Plates is a 1992 independent Canadian film directed by Peter Mettler. Mettler also wrote the screenplay based on the play by Robert Lepage. The film stars Marie Gignac, Céline Bonnier and Robert Lepage.
Plot summary.
Madeleine (played by Marie Gignac) is studying art in Montreal, Canada. When her beloved professor (played by Robert Lepage) disappears, Madeleine decides to kill herself in the romantic setting of Venice. However, drug addict Constance (played by Céline Bonnier) dissuades her. Meanwhile, the professor has moved to New York, where he becomes a successful transvestite talk show host under the name of Jennifer.
Awards.
The film won the Catholic Film Critics Award at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Filmfestival. It was also nominated for a Genie Award for Best Achievement in Art Direction.

</doc>
<doc id="19321247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321247" title="Agone">
Agone

Agone is an epic fantasy roleplaying game based on novels by award-winning fantasy writer Mathieu Gaborit. "Agone" is set in the land of Harmundia – also known as the Twilight Realms. The game was published in French starting in 1999 by the now-defunct company Multisim, which also translated five books into English starting in 2001. There are over 30 books and supplements for the game published in French.
Materials Published in English.
Multisim published five products for the game in English: "Agone: an Epic Roleplaying Game in the Twilight Realms" comprises the rules of the game plus one 'drama' or adventure. "The Grey Papers" details several 'domains' or liege-lands, and includes one drama. "The King of Spring" includes rules for playing in a domain, and one drama in three parts. "The Grimoire Volume One" is a compendium of magic and also includes a drama. "Gamemasters Pack" includes a gamemaster's screen and a map of Harmundia.
Setting Information.
In the beginning there were Four Muses – eternal beings that had the ability to create substance from nothing. Working together the Muses created the universe and – primarily – Harmundia. Seeking perfection they created many life-forms until they finally create a new Eternal - the Masque. -Agone Core Rulebook
The setting and theme for the game and its world is very Shakespearean in tone. The world and all of its creatures were created by the four Muses. The Masque, the fifth Muse created by the first four, now tries to gain control of the world and everyone in it. "Agone" is set several millennia after the Masque was created, the Muses little more than a vague memory to most, and Harmundia is split into several kingdoms. The Muses have long ago split into various kinds of phenomena in order to hide from the Masque. All manner of humans and non-humans walk the streets.
Rules.
Unlike roleplaying games like Dungeons & Dragons 3rd Edition, where characters begin with little or no experience and gain it throughout the game, Agone's characters are meant to be of middle age and high rank. Most will hold offices of nobility or military status. Referred to as "The Inspired", they will have high scores and be fairly accomplished in their fields of expertise. Agone is more about intrigue than mere combat, and this is made clear from the very beginning, with the game focusing very much on a noire style of gameplay. This also means that PCs have a higher chance of succeeding at a task than is usual for a game, providing a very different style of gaming from Dungeons & Dragons 3rd Edition, for example. Inspired are very similar to White Wolf’s Exalted in this respect.
All skills and checks are based on a d10 system of Attribute Skill Variable Modifier vs Difficulty or an opposing roll. This convention applies to all rolls in the system.
Magic.
There are three main types of magic in Agone - Ascendancy, The Magical Arts and Invoking.
Ascendancy.
Ascendancy refers to the Dancers, a phenomenon brought about by the war between the Masque and the Muses. Dancers are small three inch tall humanoids that are essentially the living manifestation of magic. Capable of altering the universe with their eternal dancing, these little creatures are sought after by many mages across the length and breadth of Harmundia. Players can choose from three schools of magic if they desire to use Ascendancy. Jornist, Eclipsist and Obscurantist. Each school relates to how a mage uses Dancers and in turn defines what “spells” are available. Jornists love and care for their Dancers, and as such can cast healing and supportive spells spells. Eclipsists are opportunists, who trade and negotiate with their Dancers, getting sneakier, subtler spells. Obscurantists torture and torment their Dancers, and so have access to the most aggressive magics.
The Magical Arts.
The Magical Arts are only available to Inspired characters. This is magic via the use of the various arts of the Muses. Painting, Sculpture, Music and Poetry can be used to perform a series of magical effects – again taken from a spell list. The system provides rules for improvised magic – allowing a broader range of effects than initially listed. Furthermore, Concordists – those who use the Magical Arts – can take a higher difficulty to boost their spells to higher levels of effect.
Invoking.
Invoking is the magic of using the Darkness to bring demons out of the Abyss in order to exchange services. Deals are put into writing on magical contracts called Connivances. Invokers can then bring the demons out of the Abyss by tracing, with magical inks, the shadows cast by the sun on the landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="19321256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321256" title="Jennifer Shilling">
Jennifer Shilling

Jennifer Shilling (July 4, 1969 - ) is a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate first elected to represent the 32nd district in 2011 (she represents La Crosse, Vernon and Crawford Counties). She has also worked as a legislative aide and served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Background.
Shilling was born Jennifer Ehlenfeldt on July 4, 1969 in Oshkosh to Richard and Lynn Ehlenfeldt. She graduated from Buffalo Grove High School in Illinois. She served as a La Crosse County Supervisor from 1990-1992, and earned a B.A. in political science and public administration at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, graduating in 1992. Prior to being elected to the State Assembly, she worked as a legislative aide for Democratic United States Representative Ron Kind and later for State Representative Mark Meyer.
During her first week of work as an aide for Meyer, on January 8, 1993, Shilling's parents and five employees were murdered at the family's Palatine, Illinois, restaurant during a robbery-murder now known as the Brown's Chicken massacre. Both of Shilling's younger sisters were also scheduled to be at the restaurant that night, but happened not to be present at the time of the killing.
State Assembly.
In 2000, Ehlenfeldt was elected to succeed her boss, Mark Meyer, in the 95th Assembly District (Meyer was making a successful bid for the State Senate). She won her primary election with ease (1,873 votes to 650 for Christine A. Kahlow), and won the general election with 13,789 votes to 11,530 for Republican nominee Deb Suchla. Subsequent to the November election, she married and changed her name to Jennifer Shilling. She was assigned to the Assembly's standing committees on financial institutions, health, insurance and personal privacy, as well as the Legislative Advisory Committee to the Wisconsin-Minnesota Boundary Commission.
She graduated from the Bowhay Institute on Legislative Leadership Development and the Citizen's Police Academy in La Crosse. In addition, she was also a member of the Wisconsin Technology Council Board of Directors. In 2001, she was selected to participate in the American Council of Young Political Leaders delegation to the Philippines, and in 2002 was the commencement speaker for UW-La Crosse graduation.
Re-elected in 2002 (with 10,686 votes to 6004 for Republican Jerome Gundersen), she remained on the financial institutions, health and insurance committees, and was also assigned to the committees on colleges and universities, and on highway safety.
In 2008, running unopposed, Shilling won 97% of the vote.
State Senate.
On April 9, 2011, Shilling formally announced her intention to run in the Senate recall election against Republican Dan Kapanke. She defeated him in the recall election winning 55% of the vote, and took office August 26, 2011.
In March 2012, Bill Feehan, a La Crosse businessman and county board supervisor, announced that he would run against Shilling in the 2012 general election.
In the newly-redistricted district, Shilling took over 58% of the vote, with 51,091 votes to Feehan's 36,527.

</doc>
<doc id="19321274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321274" title="The Song of Los">
The Song of Los

The Song of Los (written 1795) is one of William Blake's epic poems, known as prophetic books. The poem consists of two sections, "Africa" and "Asia". In the first section Blake catalogues the decline of morality in Europe, which he blames on both the African slave trade and enlightenment philosophers. The book provides a historical context for "The Book of Urizen", "The Book of Ahania", and "The Book of Los", and also ties those more obscure works to "The Continental Prophecies", "Europe" and "America". The second section consists of Los urging revolution.
Background.
During autumn 1790, Blake moved to Lambeth, Surrey. He had a studio at the new house that he used while writing his what were later called his "Lambeth Books", which included "The Song of Los" in 1795. Like the others under the title, all aspects of the work, including the composition of the designs, the printing of them, the colouring of them, and the selling of them, happened at his home. Early sketches for "The Song of Los" were included in a notebook that contained images were created between 1790 until 1793. "The Song of Los" was one of the few works that Blake describes as "illuminated printing", one of his colour printed works with the coloured ink being placed on the copperplate before printed.
The pages of the work and images were 23 x 17 cm in size, the size of "America a Prophecy" and "Europe a Prophecy", and the work was occasionally bound together with the other two works. Only six copies of the work survived, and the work was not listed along with Blake's other works that he sold in either 1818 or 1827. There were no mentions of the work by either Blake's contemporaries or his early biographer Alexander Gilchrist.
Poem.
The work begins with a title page image of an empty, dead world with an old man looking at the title of the work. The story of the work begins in Africa with Los singing of Adam, Noah, and Moses and how they were granted laws by Urizen. This involve abstractions being granted to Pythagoras, Socrates, and Plato, gospel being given to Jesus, a bible for Mahomet, and a book on war given to Odin. These caused the world to fail, as they were chains that bound the mind:
In the second half of the work, Asia, Orc creates fires in the mind that causes kings to be startled and an apocalypse of sorts to start:
Themes.
"The Song of Los" is connected to both "America" and "Europe" in that it describes Africa and Asia, which operate as a sort of frame to the other works. As such, the three works are united by the same historical and social themes. The "Africa" section of the poem summarizes Blake's historical cycles, which describes a three-part tyrannous power of Egypt, Babylon and Rome. Of this summary, the line "The Guardian Prince of Albion burns in his nightly tent" appears, which is also the first line of "America a Prophecy". The section "Asia" follows the actions in "America a Prophecy" and describe a worldwide revolution in an apocalyptic state. There are many similarities between the way Orc is described within the poem, a pillar of fire that burns oppression away, and how Fingal of Macpherson's "Fingal" is described. Fingal, in the "Ossian" work, is a good character that defends the oppressed against the Norse and the Romans. As Fingal fights imperialism, Orc fights against Urizen's rationality, and they both seek to free their people.
The work closely follows the idea of biblical prophecy in that it is brief and concentrated. The first section condenses the history of religion, but does so in a non-chronological manner. His history relies on Urizen to establish the various historical moments as incidents, and the type of order within the poem is similar to the prophetic narrative. The prophetic image is also embodied within the work by Los, who, when he submits to the system created by Urizen, loses his prophetic ability. In addition to the prophetic aspects, the work deals with religion as a whole. The first section describes the origin of priestcraft and the origins of religion, which is established through a bardic form of poetry.
Critical response.
Jon Mee claims that "Nowhere in Blake's interest in comparative religion more obvious than in "The Song of Los"".

</doc>
<doc id="19321285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321285" title="Loris Francesco Capovilla">
Loris Francesco Capovilla

Loris Francesco Cardinal Capovilla (born 14 October 1915) is an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. At the age of , he is one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops and, since his elevation in February 2014, the oldest member of the College of Cardinals.
Capovilla was born in Pontelongo and ordained a priest on 23 May 1940 was ordained a priest of the Archdiocese of Venice by Adeodato Giovanni Piazza. He formed a close friendship with Cardinal Roncalli (later Pope John XXIII) when the cardinal was the Patriarch of Venice. He claims, however, to have never called himself Roncalli's friend, but considered him his bishop, his father, and his patriarch. He remained at Roncalli's side as papal secretary after Roncalli's election to the papacy in 1958 until his death in 1963. 
Capovilla was appointed bishop to the Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto on 26 June 1967 and consecrated on 16 July 1967 by Pope Paul VI personally. On 23 September 1971 he was appointed prelate to the Loreto Prelature and the Titular archbishop of Mesembria. His resignation from his position in Loreto was accepted on 10 December 1988. 
On 12 January 2014 Pope Francis announced that Capovilla would be elevated to the College of Cardinals on 22 February 2014. Capovilla said it was a "sign of attention to all those thousands of priests around the world who have spent their lives in silence, in poverty, in obedience, happy to serve God and our humble people, who need, as Pope Francis continually says, tenderness, friendship, respect and love." 
Capovilla has received a dispensation and will not attend the consistory where he is to be named cardinal. He said: ""I'm not strong enough and I feel uncomfortable at the thought of meeting so many people."" Instead, a papal delegate will present him with his red biretta in Sotto il Monte around 1 March 2014. He was named Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria Trastevere. Cardinal Angelo Sodano bestowed the biretta upon Capovilla on 1 March along with the title of the titular church and the ring.
In 1964, he published a memoir, "The Heart and Mind of John XXIII: His Secretary's Intimate Recollection" (published by Hawthorn Books). As of 2013, he lives in Sotto il Monte Giovanni XXIII, about 25 miles northeast of Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="19321286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321286" title="Buuhoodle">
Buuhoodle

Buhoodle (, ), also known as Bohotle, is the capital of the Cayn region in northern Somalia. It is disputed between Somaliland, Puntland and Khatumo State (formerly HBM-SSC or Hoggaanka Badbaadada iyo Mideynta SSC).
Overview.
Buuhoodle is an historical city. It is where Mohamed Abdullah Hassan's Dervish nationalist and anti-colonial movement began.
Buhoodle is located on the border between Somalia and Ethiopia. It is serves as a commercial hub for the movement of goods to and from Bosaso, Garoowe, Las Anod, Galkayo, Wardheer, Burao, the surrounding area, and Ethiopia. The city is rich in livestock as well as agriculture. Since 1993 the city has been growing. Today, the city has modern communication systems such as cell phones, land-line phones, and internet services. It has a new hospital which was built in 2008 along with modern hotels. In the academic side, It has nine private schools, four public schools and two high schools. In addition, the city is planning to build a university in this year. Furthermore, a new airport is also being constructed outside the city with ground being broken in 2009. A water supply network was built by the youngsters of the town in 2010.
Buhoodle and its environs are disputed by the Puntland and Somaliland autonomous macro-regions of Somalia. Somaliland forces, backed up by Ethiopian soldiers, entered the town on 15 May 2010, to clear the way for the upcoming Somaliland elections. The forces clashed with local militia, leaving at least 13 dead on 33 wounded. Conflicts later flared up again the following year, but were eventually resolved in early 2012, with the official withdrawal of Somaliland troops to a 50 km radius of the city's perimeter.
Demographics.
The broader Buuhoodle District has a total population of 38,428 residents. Buuhoodle is primarily inhabited by people from the Somali ethnic group, with the Dhulbahante especially well-represented.
Education.
Buuhoodle has a number of academic institutions. According to the Puntland Ministry of Education, there are 12 primary schools in the Buuhoodle District. Among these are H/dh Abu-Bakar Sadiq, H/dh Al-Najax, H/dh Al-Furqan and Qararo. Secondary schools in the area include Howd and Samatar Bahman.

</doc>
<doc id="19321312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321312" title="Figureheads Compilation">
Figureheads Compilation

Figureheads Compilation is the sixth full length album released by the Japanese music group Ellegarden. It was released on July 2, 2007 under the Nettwerk label.

</doc>
<doc id="19321313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321313" title="Sarar">
Sarar

Sarar is a sub-region of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia. It was created on March 22, 2008 by Somaliland's president, Dahir Riyale Kahin.
The Sarar sub-region sits at a DMS latitude of 9° 28' 00" N and a DMS longitude of 46° 17' 00" E. It is within the official Sool region of Somalia, and its capital city is Aynabo.

</doc>
<doc id="19321330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321330" title="Nightclub">
Nightclub

A nightclub (also known as a discothèque, or simply a club or disco) is an entertainment venue which usually operates late into the night. A nightclub is generally distinguished from bars, pubs or taverns by the inclusion of a dance floor and a DJ booth, where a DJ plays recorded electronic dance music, disco, house, hip hop, R&B, dance-pop, rock, reggae, pop, and other forms of dance music.
The music in nightclubs is either live bands or, more commonly, a mix of songs played by a DJ through a powerful PA system. Most clubs or club nights cater to certain music genres.
History.
Early history.
From about 1900 to 1920, working class Americans would gather at honky tonks or juke joints to dance to music played on a piano or a jukebox. Webster Hall is credited as the first modern nightclub, being built in 1886 and starting off as a "social hall", originally functioning for as a home for dance and political activism events. During US Prohibition, nightclubs went underground as illegal speakeasy bars, with Webster Hall staying open, with rumors circulating of Al Capone's involvement and police bribery. With the repeal of Prohibition in February 1933, nightclubs were revived, such as New York's 21 Club, Copacabana, El Morocco, and the Stork Club. These nightclubs featured big bands (there were no DJs).
In Occupied France, jazz and bebop music, and the jitterbug dance were banned by the Nazis as "decadent American influences", so as an act of French resistance, people met at hidden basements called "discothèques" where they danced to jazz and swing music, which was played on a single turntable when a jukebox was not available. These "discothèques" were also patronized by anti-Vichy youth called zazous. There were also underground discotheques in Nazi Germany patronized by anti-Nazi youth called the swing kids.
In Harlem, Connie's Inn and the Cotton Club were popular venues for white audiences. Before 1953 and even some years thereafter, most bars and nightclubs used a jukebox or mostly live bands. In Paris, at a club named Whisky à Gogo, founded in 1947, Régine in 1953 laid down a dance-floor, suspended coloured lights and replaced the jukebox with two turntables which she operated herself so there would be no breaks between the music. The Whisky à Gogo set into place the standard elements of the modern post World War II "discothèque"-style nightclub. At the end of the 1950s, several of the coffee bars in Soho introduced afternoon dancing and the most famous, at least on the continent, was Les Enfants Terribles at 93 Dean St. These original discothèques were nothing like the night clubs, as they were unlicensed and catered to a very young public - mostly made up of French and Italians working illegally, mostly in catering, to learn English as well as au pair girls from most of western Europe. In the early 1960s, Mark Birley opened a members-only discothèque nightclub, Annabel's, in Berkeley Square, London. In 1962, the Peppermint Lounge in New York City became popular and is the place where go-go dancing originated. However, the first rock and roll generation preferred rough and tumble bars and taverns to nightclubs, and the nightclub did not attain mainstream popularity until the 1970s disco era. Sybil Burton, former wife of actor Richard Burton, opened the "Arthur" discotheque in 1965 on East 54th Street in Manhattan on the site of the old El Morocco nightclub and it became the first, foremost and hottest disco in New York City through 1969.
1970s: Disco.
Disco has its roots in the underground club scene. During the early 70's in New York City, Disco clubs were places where oppressed groups such as homosexuals, Blacks, Latinos, and Jews could party without following male to female dance protocol or exclusive club policies. It brought together people from all walks of life and backgrounds. These clubs acted as safe havens for homosexual partygoers to dance in peace and away from public scrutiny. Disco was a genre for people to explore sexuality and push the envelope on the dancefloor. Disco clubs acted as an escape from such depressing environments and acted as the fantasy marginalized peoples could escape to forget oppression and racism. Disco clubs originally functioned as liberated party spaces and were seen as places of political statement.
By the late 1970s many major US cities had thriving disco club scenes which were centered around discothèques, nightclubs, and private loft parties where DJs would play disco hits through powerful PA systems for the dancers. The DJs played "... a smooth mix of long single records to keep people 'dancing all night long'" Some of the most prestigious clubs had elaborate lighting systems that throbbed to the beat of the music.
Some cities had disco dance instructors or dance schools which taught people how to do popular disco dances such as "touch dancing", the "hustle" and the "cha-cha-cha". There were also disco fashions that discothèque-goers wore for nights out at their local disco, such as sheer, flowing Halston dresses for women and shiny polyester Qiana shirts for men. Disco clubs and "...hedonistic loft parties" had a club culture which had many Italian-American, African American, gay and Hispanic people.
In addition to the dance and fashion aspects of the disco club scene, there was also a thriving drug subculture, particularly for recreational drugs that would enhance the experience of dancing to the loud music and the flashing lights, such as cocaine (nicknamed "blow"), amyl nitrite "poppers", and the "...other quintessential 1970s club drug Quaalude, which suspended motor coordination and turned one's arms and legs to Jell-O". The "massive quantities of drugs ingested in discothèques by newly liberated gay men produced the next cultural phenomenon of the disco era: rampant promiscuity and public sex. While the dance floor was the central arena of seduction, actual sex usually took place in the nether regions of the disco: bathroom stalls, exit stairwells, and so on. In other cases the disco became a kind of "main course" in a hedonist's menu for a night out."
Famous 1970s discothèques included "...cocaine-filled celeb hangouts such as Manhattan's "Studio 54", which was operated by Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager. Studio 54 was notorious for the hedonism that went on within; the balconies were known for sexual encounters, and drug use was rampant. Its dance floor was decorated with an image of the "Man in the Moon" that included an animated cocaine spoon. Other famous 1970s discothèques in New York City included "Xenon", "The Loft", the "Paradise Garage", and "Aux Puces", one of the first gay disco bars. In San Francisco, there was the Trocadero Transfer, the I-Beam, and the End Up.
By the early 1980s, the term "disco" had largely fallen out of favour in most of the English-speaking world.
1980s New York and London.
During the 1980s, during the New Romantic movement, London had a vibrant nightclub scene, which included clubs like The Blitz, the Batcave, the Camden Palace and Club for Heroes. Both music and fashion embraced the aesthetics of the movement. Bands included Depeche Mode, Yazoo, The Human League, Duran Duran, Blondie, Eurythmics and Ultravox. Reggae-influenced bands included Boy George and Culture Club, and electronic vibe bands included Visage. At London nightclubs, young men would often wear make-up and young women would wear men's suits.
The largest UK cities like Leeds (The Orbit), Newcastle, Liverpool (Quadrant Park and 051), Swansea, Manchester (The Haçienda) and several key European places like Paris (Les Bains Douches), Ibiza (Pacha), Rimini etc. also played a significant role in the evolution of clubbing, DJ culture and nightlife.
Significant New York nightclubs of the period were Area, Danceteria, and The Limelight.
1990s, 2000s, and 2010s.
In Europe and North America, nightclubs play disco-influenced dance music such as house music, techno, and other dance music styles such as electronica, breakbeat and trance. Most nightclubs in the U.S. major cities that have an early adulthood clientele, play hip hop, dance-pop, house and/or trance music. These clubs are generally the largest and most frequented of all of the different types of clubs. The emergence of the "superclub" created a global phenomenon, with Ministry of Sound (London), Cream (Liverpool) and Pacha (Ibiza).
Techno clubs are especially popular around the world since the early 1990s. Famous examples are Berghain, Bunker and Tresor in Berlin, "Omen" and "Cocoon" in Frankfurt, "Distillery" in Leipzig, "Tunnel Club" in Hamburg, Warehouse in Chicago and The Haçienda in Manchester.
In most other languages, nightclubs are referred to as "discos" or "discothèques" ( or ; ; Italian, Portuguese and Spanish: "discoteca," "antro" (common in Mexico only), and "boliche" (common in Argentina only), "discos" is commonly used in all others in Latinamerica). In Japanese ディスコ, "disuko" refers to an older, smaller, less fashionable venue; while クラブ, "kurabu" refers to a more recent, larger, more popular venue. The term "night" is used to refer to an evening focusing on a specific genre, such as "retro music night" or a "singles night." In Hong Kong and China, night club is used as a euphemism for a hostess club, and the association of the term with the sex trade has driven out the regular usage of the term.
A recent trend in the North American, Australian and European nightclub industry is the usage of video. VJs ("video jockeys") mix video content in a similar manner that DJs mix audio content, creating a visual experience that is intended to complement the music.
The beginning of the 21st century saw financial growth of the nightclub industry in the United States. However, the number of nightclubs and employees has been decreasing. In 2010, there were nearly 45,000 bars and nightclubs across the country.
Nightclub entry criteria.
Many nightclubs choose who can enter, on bases other than just age, e.g. dress code and guest list. This is used to make their status as a nightclub more "exclusive". Quite often, there are no clear policies governing entry to a nightclub, thereby allowing the doormen to deny entry to anybody at their discretion.
Association.
Many nightclubs will only allow entry by association, such as the former Paradise Garage and Playboy Club. A number of gay nightclubs that prefer to cater to an exclusively male clientele will deny entry to a group of lesbians but will welcome a lesbian with a number of male gay friends.
Cover charge.
In most cases, entering a nightclub requires a flat fee called a cover charge. Some clubs waive or reduce the cover charge for early arrivers, special guests or women (in the United Kingdom this latter option is illegal under the Equality Act 2010 but the law is rarely enforced and open violations are frequent). Friends of the doorman or the club owner may gain free entrance. Sometimes, especially at larger clubs in Continental European countries, one only gets a pay card at the entrance, on which all money spent in the discothèque (often including the entrance fee) is marked. Sometimes, entrance fee and cloakroom costs are paid by cash and only the drinks in the club are paid using a pay card.
Dress code.
Many nightclubs enforce a dress code in order to ensure a certain type of clientele is in attendance at the venue. Some upscale nightclubs ban attendees from wearing trainers (sneakers) or jeans, while other nightclubs will advertise a vague "dress to impress" dress code that allows the bouncers to discriminate at will against those vying for entry to the club. Many exceptions are made to nightclub dress codes, with denied entry usually reserved for the most glaring rule breakers or those thought to be unsuitable for the party. Certain nightclubs like fetish nightclubs may apply a dress code (BDSM) to a leather-only, rubber-only or fantasy dress code. The dress code criterion is often an excuse for discriminatory practices, such as in the case of Carpenter v. Limelight Entertainment Ltd.
Exclusive Boutique Nightclubs.
Large cosmopolitan cities that are home to large affluent populations (such as Atlanta, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, and London) often have what are known as exclusive boutique nightclubs. This type of club typically has a capacity of less than 200 occupants and a very strict entrance policy, which usually requires an entrant to be on the club's guest list. While not explicitly members only clubs, such as Soho House, exclusive nightclubs operate with a similar level of exclusivity. As they are off limits to most of the public and ensure the privacy of guests, many celebrities favor these types of clubs to other, less exclusive, clubs which do not cater as well to their needs. Another differentiating feature of exclusive nightclubs is, in addition to being known for a certain type of music, they are known for having a certain type of crowd (for instance, a fashion-forward, affluent crowd or a crowd with a high concentration of fashion models. Many exclusive boutique clubs market themselves as being a place where one can socialize with models and celebrities. Affluent patrons who find this marketing message appealing are often willing to purchase bottle service at a markup of several times the retail cost of the liquor.
London's most exclusive boutique nightclubs include Amika, Cirque Du Soir, Project, The Box, and The Rose Club. These venues are frequently visited by an array of A-List celebrities from the fashion, film, and music industries. All are located in London's prestigious Mayfair, except Cirque Du Soir and The Box, which are both located in London's sex capital, Soho, and the both have a more risque theme.
Guest list.
Many nightclubs operate a "guest list" that allows certain attendees to enter the club for free, or at a reduced rate. Some nightclubs have a range of unpublished guest list options ranging from free, to reduced, to full price with line by-pass privileges only. Nightclub goers who are on the guest list often have a separate queue and sometimes a separate entrance from those used by full price-paying attendees. It is common for the guest list line-up to be as long or longer than the full-paying or ticketed queues. Some nightclubs allow clubbers to register for the guest list through their websites.
Security.
Most nightclubs have a team of security men (also known as "bobbies" or bouncers). They have the power to remove people from the club. Most major clubs have balconies specifically for this team to watch over the clubbers. The team would only intervene or ask for removal if the clubber is extremely drunk, physically ill, breaking club rules, or hurting/abusing other clubbers. The majority of the team stand by doors and make sure that no-one enters in that way. Other jobs for the team involve locking up and asking people to leave once the club closes.

</doc>
<doc id="19321333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321333" title="List of highways numbered 594">
List of highways numbered 594

The following highways are numbered 594:

</doc>
<doc id="19321339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321339" title="Amplitude amplification">
Amplitude amplification

Amplitude amplification is a technique in quantum computing which generalizes the idea behind
the Grover's search algorithm, and gives rise to a family of
quantum algorithms.
It was discovered by Gilles Brassard and
Peter Høyer in 1997,
and independently rediscovered by Lov Grover in 1998.
In a quantum computer, amplitude amplification can be used to obtain a
quadratic speedup over several classical algorithms.
Algorithm.
The derivation presented here roughly follows the one given in
Assume we have an N-dimensional Hilbert space formula_1
representing the state space of our quantum system, spanned by the
orthonormal computational basis states formula_2.
Furthermore assume we have a Hermitian projection operator formula_3.
Alternatively, formula_4 may be given in terms of a
Boolean oracle function
formula_5
and an orthonormal operational basis
formula_6,
in which case
formula_4 can be used to partition
formula_1 into a direct sum of two mutually orthogonal subspaces,
the "good" subspace formula_10 and
the "bad" subspace formula_11:
Given a normalized state vector formula_13 which has nonzero overlap with both subspaces, we can
uniquely decompose it as
where formula_15,
and
formula_16 and formula_17 are the
normalized projections of formula_18 into the
subspaces formula_10 and formula_11,
respectively.
This decomposition defines a two-dimensional subspace
formula_21, spanned by the vectors
formula_17 and formula_16.
The probability of finding the system in a "good" state when measured
is formula_24.
Define a unitary operator
formula_25,
where
formula_27 flips the phase of the states in the "good" subspace, whereas
formula_28 flips the phase of the initial state formula_18.
The action of this operator on formula_21 is given by
Thus in the formula_21 subspace formula_34
corresponds to a rotation by the angle formula_35:
Applying formula_34 formula_38 times on the state
formula_18
gives
rotating the state between the "good" and "bad" subspaces.
After formula_38 iterations the probability of finding the
system in a "good" state is formula_42.
The probability is maximized if we choose
Up until this point each iteration increases the amplitude of the "good" states, hence
the name of the technique.
Applications.
Assume we have an unsorted database with N elements, and an oracle function
formula_44 which can recognize the "good" entries we are searching for, and formula_45 for simplicity.
If there are G such entries in the database in total, then we can find them by
initializing the quantum computer into a uniform superposition
of all the database elements,
and running the above algorithm. In this case the overlap of the initial state with the "good" subspace is equal to the
square root of the frequency of the "good" entries in the database, formula_47.
If formula_48, we can approximate the number of required iterations as
Measuring the state will now give one of the "good" entries with a high probability. Since each application of formula_27 requires a single oracle query (assuming that the oracle is implemented as a quantum gate),
we can find a "good" entry with just formula_51 oracle queries, thus obtaining a quadratic speedup over the best possible classical algorithm.
If we set G to one, the above scenario essentially reduces to the original Grover search.

</doc>
<doc id="19321381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321381" title="Edgar Speyer">
Edgar Speyer

Sir Edgar Speyer, 1st Baronet (7 September 1862 – 16 February 1932) was an American-born financier and philanthropist. He became a British subject in 1892 and was chairman of Speyer Brothers, the British branch of the Speyer family's international finance house, and a partner in the German and American branches. He was chairman of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL, forerunner of the London Underground) from 1906 to 1915, a period during which the company opened three underground railway lines, electrified a fourth and took over two more.
Speyer was a supporter of the musical arts and a friend of several leading composers, including Edward Elgar, Richard Strauss and Claude Debussy. He was chairman of the Classical Music Society for ten years, and he largely funded the Promenade Concerts between 1902 and 1914. His non-musical charitable activities included being honorary treasurer of the fund for Captain Scott's Antarctic expedition. For his philanthropy he was made a baronet in 1906 and a Privy Counsellor in 1909.
After the start of the World War I, he became the subject of anti-German attacks in the Press. In 1915, Speyer offered to resign from the Privy Council and to relinquish his baronetcy, but the Prime Minister turned down the offer. He resigned as chairman of the UERL and went to the United States. In 1921, the British government investigated accusations that Speyer had traded with the enemy during the war, and had participated in other wartime conduct incompatible with his status as a British subject. Speyer denied the charges, but his naturalisation was revoked and he was struck off the list of members of the Privy Council.
Life to 1914.
Family.
Speyer was born on 7 September 1862 in New York, the second son of German Jewish parents, Gustav Speyer and Sophia Speyer (née Rubino) from Frankfurt. His father was an international banker with businesses in Frankfurt, New York and London. Speyer was educated at the Realgymnasium in Frankfurt. On 10 February 1902, in Hamburg, Speyer married the American violinist Leonora von Stosch. They had met at a concert held by Maude Valerie White at which Leonora performed. They had three daughters: Pamela, Leonora, and Vivien.
Financier.
In 1884, Speyer became a partner in each of his father's businesses. He headed the Frankfurt office before taking control of the London office, Speyer Brothers, in 1887. His older brother, James, headed the New York company. The firm specialised in arbitrage with Europe and the United States, and the financing of railway projects. On 29 February 1892, Speyer became a naturalised British citizen.
Speyer Brothers' involvement in railway finance brought Speyer into contact with American Charles Yerkes in 1900. In Chicago, Yerkes had led the development of the city's urban transport system, and he went to London to capitalise on the emerging opportunities for new deep-level underground "tube" railways there. He and Speyer headed a consortium of international investors involved in the construction of three of London's underground railways and the electrification of a fourth.
With Yerkes as chairman, the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL) was established in 1902 with a capitalisation of £5 million, the majority of shares sold to overseas investors. Further share issues followed, which, by 1903, raised a total of £18 million (£ today) to be used across all of the UERL's projects. Yerkes died in December 1905, and Speyer took his place as chairman of the UERL. By 1907, the three new railways had opened and the electrification works had been completed. Despite the UERL's engineering success in carrying out the works in such a short time, the company was in a difficult financial position. The preliminary estimates of passenger numbers proved to be over-optimistic and revenues were not covering operating costs. After bailing out the company, Speyer, with Managing Director Albert Stanley, struggled for a number of years to restore its finances. This was finally achieved with the purchase of the London General Omnibus Company in 1912, as its profits could be used to offset losses elsewhere in the group. In November 1912, Speyer further consolidated the UERL's control of London's underground railways when he negotiated the purchase of London's two other main tube railways, the City and South London Railway and the Central London Railway.
Philanthropist and patron.
As head of the London arm of the family businesses, Speyer became wealthy. He owned a pair of neighbouring houses at 44 and 46 Grosvenor Street, Mayfair, that he had rebuilt as a single residence at the cost of £150,000 (approximately £ today). The rebuilding work was carried out by Detmar Blow and Fernand Billery in 1910 and 1911; the architects gave the house a "Beaux-Arts" style portland stone façade and lavish interiors including 11 bedrooms and a large music room. Speyer also had a large country house built in 1908, in the fashionable Edwardian resort of Overstrand on the Norfolk coast. The house was named "Sea Marge" (meaning land that borders the sea) and was designed in the Mock Tudor style, surrounded by gardens. To decorate his homes, Speyer collected works of art, furniture and decorative items from across Europe. He also commissioned art works, including his wife's portrait, painted by John Singer Sargent in 1907, and his own portrait, painted by William Orpen, which was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1914.
Speyer was a music lover and patron of the arts, frequently holding concerts in his home. He was friends with composers Edward Elgar, Edvard Grieg, Richard Strauss, Claude Debussy and Percy Grainger, and with the German cellist and composer Hugo Becker. Speyer owned violins by Stradivarius and Giuseppe Guarneri, used by his wife in public and private performances. He was chairman of the Classical Concert Society until 1912 and (following financial problems experienced by Robert Newman) held the position of chairman of the Queen's Hall Concert board from 1902 to 1914, paying £2,000 per year (£ today) to underwrite the Promenade Concerts. Speyer increased rehearsal time for the Queen's Hall Orchestra and was involved in the challenge to the deputy system then operating, stopping musicians from sending under-prepared substitutes to perform in their places. He was described by Bird as "the sole monetary force which kept the Queen's Hall Orchestra afloat". Speyer's control of the Queen's Hall enabled him to attract musicians and composers to perform modern new works at his concerts including Strauss, whom he brought to London to conduct the first English performance of "A Hero's Life", and Arnold Schoenberg, whose "Five Orchestral Pieces" received its première in 1912. Becker dedicated "Three Pieces for Cello with Piano Accompaniment" to Speyer in recognition of their friendship, and Strauss dedicated his opera "Salome" to him.
Speyer also contributed £2,500 to the foundation of Whitechapel Art Gallery where he was a trustee for 15 years. He was chairman of the Nervous Diseases Research Fund, president of Poplar Hospital, and sat on the board of the King Edward's Hospital Fund, to which he donated £25,000 in 1902 (£ today). In December 1904, having read of the loss in a newspaper article, Speyer donated £5,700 to replace all of the funds lost by investors in the failure of a penny savings bank at Needham Market, Suffolk. From 1909, Speyer was honorary treasurer of the fund raised to finance Robert Falcon Scott's 1910 British Antarctic Expedition to which he donated £1,000 of the £40,000 that was required. Speyer was prepared to take personal responsibility for a share of the liabilities of the expedition, although the money raised from public donations was sufficient.
Mount Speyer (78°52′00″S, 160°42′00″E) in Antarctica is named in his honour. One of Scott's last letters was written to Speyer. It was found when Scott's body was recovered from his last camp after his unsuccessful return from the South Pole.
On 14 July 1906, Speyer was created a baronet. Politically, Speyer was a Liberal. He was a member of the Reform Club, and a friend of H. H. Asquith, by whose recommendation he was made a Privy Counsellor (PC) in 1909. In 1911, he was awarded the Order of the Crown, 2nd class by Kaiser Wilhelm II.
Life after 1914.
Anti-German pressure.
The end of the 19th century and the first decade of the 20th century saw rising anti-German sentiment in Britain. As the naval arms race between Britain and Germany escalated, distrust of Germans and those of German origin was stirred-up by press warnings of the rising military threat from Germany. This was developed further in popular magazines such as the "National Review" and in novels such as Erskine Childers' "The Riddle of the Sands" and invasion novels such as William Le Queux's "The Invasion of 1910".
Following the British declaration of war with Germany on 4 August 1914, Speyer resigned as a partner of the Frankfurt branch of the bank. After a Royal Proclamation on 11 September 1914 requiring British subjects to have no links with companies doing business with Germany, Speyer resigned as a partner of the American bank. Nonetheless, suspicions regarding Speyer's German parentage led to a hate campaign against him. Crowds gathered outside his home and jeered visitors. Accusations of his disloyalty and treachery appeared in the Press, and he was accused of signalling to German submarines from his Norfolk house. Lady Speyer was ostracised from societies and associations of which she had formerly been a member. Speyer was asked to resign from the board of the Poplar Hospital due to threats of substantial reductions in donations if he remained. The couple was asked to remove their children from school as other parents were threatening to remove theirs.
Speyer ignored a call to write one of the "loyalty letters" that Sir Arthur Pinero proposed be provided by prominent naturalised citizens of German origin. Instead, on 17 May 1915, Speyer wrote to Asquith, then Prime Minister, asking him to accept his resignation as a Privy Counsellor and to revoke his baronetcy, stating:
Nothing is harder to bear than a sense of injustice that finds no vent in expression.
For the last nine months I have kept silence and treated with disdain the charges of disloyalty and suggestions of treachery made against me in the Press and elsewhere. But I can keep silence no longer, for these charges and suggestion have now been repeated by public men who have not scrupled to use their position to inflame the overstrained feelings of the people.
I am not a man who can be driven or drummed by threats or abuse into an attitude of justification. But I consider it due to my honour as a loyal British subject and my personal dignity as a man to retire all my public positions.
I therefore write to ask you to accept my resignation as a Privy Councillor and to revoke my baronetcy. 
He resigned as chairman of the UERL and from the boards of the King Edward's Hospital Fund, the Poplar Hospital and the Whitechapel Art Gallery.
It is doubtful whether it was possible for Speyer to resign from the Privy Council or as a baronet, there being no normal mechanism to do so, but the Prime Minister's response was supportive: "I have known you long, and well enough to estimate at their true value these baseless and malignant imputations upon your loyalty to the British Crown. The King is not prepared to take any step such as you suggest in regard to the marks of distinction which you have received in recognition of public services and philanthropic munificence." On 26 May 1915, Speyer and his family left for America.
In June 1915, Sir George Makgill, Secretary of the Anti-German Union, applied for permission from the High Court to issue "quo warranto" writs against Speyer and Sir Ernest Cassel, a German-born Privy Counsellor, requiring them to prove their right to hold that position. Makgill's claim was that the Act of Settlement 1701 prevented a person born outside Britain or its dominions from being a Privy Counsellor. In December 1915, Lord Chief Justice Lord Reading rejected the application on the grounds that the relevant sections of the Act of Settlement had been repealed by later legislation.
Revocation of naturalisation.
On 2 August 1918, in a House of Lords debate on the Denaturalisation Bill, the subject of Speyer's membership of the Privy Council was brought up by Lord Lincolnshire, who condemned "the brutal and insolent German manner in which Sir Edgar Speyer had resigned his dignity". Lord Curzon announced that the Home Office was examining his membership of the council. Speyer again offered the Prime Minister, then David Lloyd George, his resignation from the council, but received no response.
Following an investigation into Speyer's wartime conduct held "in camera" by the Home Office's "Certificates of Naturalisation (Revocation) Committee", Speyer's naturalisation was revoked by an order dated 1 December 1921. On 13 December 1921 an order was issued by King George V for Speyer to be struck off the list of the Privy Council. The next person to be struck off the list was Elliot Morley in 2011, though others resigned in the intervening period.
The committee decided that Speyer had "shown himself by act and speech to be disaffected and disloyal to His Majesty; and ... unlawfully communicated with subjects of an enemy State and associated with a business which was to his knowledge carried on in such manner as to assist the enemy in such war." The committee's final opinion was "that the continuance of Sir Edgar Speyer's certificate is not conducive to the public good." Lady Speyer and the couple's children also lost their British nationality.
The report of the committee was published on 7 January 1922. The committee had considered nine issues in making its decision:
On 7 January 1922, Speyer's partners published a letter supporting Speyer and rejecting the implications of his correspondence with his German relatives, stating that he was "incapable of any act of treachery against the country of his adoption". Two days later, Speyer also issued a statement responding to the report and rebutting the committee's interpretation of the facts. He stated that he had been advised of the committee's investigation in 1919 and, after considerable delay by the Home Office, had persuaded it to carry out an investigation in America into allegations made against his conduct there. These investigations, he stated, had demonstrated that the allegations were false, but, after he returned to Britain for the formal hearing in 1921, a further series of allegations were presented regarding his business transactions. Speyer stated that the issues involved were of a trivial nature and were similar to those encountered by other British banks which had traded without censure. He stated that "the whole thing is neither more nor less than the culmination of years of political persecution. The Home Secretary simply dared not give me the vindication to which I was entitled." He challenged the government to publish the evidence presented, and "to point to a strip of material evidence that would induce any fairminded man to support the monstrous conclusions of this report".
Final years.
In January 1920, Speyer Brothers sold its shareholding in the UERL for approximately £1 million ( today). A month later, Speyer put the Grosvenor Street house up for sale although it did not reach its reserve price at auction. On 1 April 1922, Speyer and his remaining partner in the London bank dissolved Speyer Brothers. The Grosvenor Street house was eventually sold in early 1923 and became the American Women's club. Speyer rejoined the surviving American and German branches of the family bank and continued to live in New York. In 1929, he lived in Washington Square. He died on 16 February 1932 in Berlin, after having travelled there for an operation on his nose. He had continued to hold his baronetcy, although it became extinct with his death as he had no male heirs.
After his death, Speyer's UK estate was assessed at £3,362 19s 1d and his US estate at $245,287, equivalent to a net worth of approximately £ and $ today.
Legacy.
Speyer's two principal legacies are the three deep-level tube lines of the London Underground, and the Promenade Concerts. The former might not have been built without the finance he raised with Yerkes, and would have struggled without his chairmanship. The latter may have failed in the early 20th century without his financial support. The tube lines now form the central sections of the Underground's Northern, Piccadilly and Bakerloo lines. After Speyer's funding of the Promenade Concerts ended, they were taken over by music publishers Chappell & Co. and, in 1927, by the BBC. The characters of Sir Hermann and Lady Aline Gurtner in E F Benson's 1919 novel "Robin Linnet" were based on Sir Edgar and Lady Leonora. Leanne Langley suggests that the character of Appleton, a villainous stockbroker, in John Buchan's "The Thirty-Nine Steps" may have been based on Speyer.
After the American Women's club moved out, his London home served as the Japanese Embassy for some years and is now the offices of stockbrokers Killik & Co. It is a Grade II* listed building. The Sea Marge was sold after his death and became a hotel and, for a period, a nursing home. It is currently operated as a hotel and is listed Grade II. After the Speyers returned to America, Lady Leonora began writing poetry and won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1927. She died in 1956.
The Speyers' three daughters returned to Britain. Pamela Speyer married Count Hugo Moy. She died in Sussex in 1985. Leonora lived with concert pianist Maria Donska and died in Kent in 1987. Vivien came to Britain as a member of the United States Women's Army Auxiliary Corps. She died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19321395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321395" title="Jardin botanique d'Aubrac">
Jardin botanique d'Aubrac

The Jardin botanique d'Aubrac (300 m²) is a small botanical garden located in Saint-Chély-d'Aubrac, Aveyron, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is open on weekends without charge.
The garden was established in 1995 within the Domerie d'Aubrac, a former monastery hospital. It now contains more than 500 plants arranged in flowerbeds representing bog, forest, pasture, and rock garden environments. Each plant is labeled with its common and scientific names.

</doc>
<doc id="19321400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321400" title="Sondy Pope-Roberts">
Sondy Pope-Roberts

Sondy M. Pope is a Democratic Party politician and former foundation staff member from Madison, Wisconsin, currently serving as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, having represented the 80th Assembly District from 2002. The district had been the 79th Wisconsin Assembly until redistricting after the 2010 census.
Early life and family.
Pope was born in Madison; she graduated from River Valley High School in Spring Green and attended Madison Area Technical College and Edgewood College. Prior to election to the Assembly, she was a staff member for the Foundation for Madison's Public Schools. She is married with one daughter.
Legislative career.
Pope first ran for the Assembly to represent the 79th district (western parts of Madison and Middleton, Blue Mounds, Cross Plains, Fitchburg, Mount Horeb, Springdale, Vermont, and Verona) in 2000 against Republican incumbent Rick Skindrud, but lost by 13,765 to 18,510 for Skindrud and 887 for independent Bob Menamin.
She was re-nominated in 2002, and unseated Skindrud, with a vote of 12,311 to Skindrud's 10,865. She was assigned to the standing committees on aging and long-term care; education; rural affairs; and small business. 
She was re-elected in 2004, after an unsuccessful challenge in the Democratic primary election from Manamin; re-elected in 2006 (without opposition), 2008 and 2010; and as of 2011 is ranking minority member of the Assembly's standing committee on education, and a member of the committees on housing, and on children and families.

</doc>
<doc id="19321404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321404" title="Sagamiko">
Sagamiko

Sagamiko or Sagami-ko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321413" title="Tom Lane (computer scientist)">
Tom Lane (computer scientist)

Thomas G. (Tom) Lane is a computer scientist dedicated to open source software. In a 2000 survey he was listed as one of the top 10 contributors to an intended-to-be-representative sample of Open Source software, having contributed 0.782% of the code in the total sampled.
Tom Lane's contributions to Open source include:
Biography.
Lane holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University, 1990. He occasionally lectures at Carnegie Mellon University and other places.
In July 2000, Tom Lane was employed by Great Bridge, one of the first PostgreSQL support companies. However, the company was dissolved in September 2001 and Lane moved to Red Hat, a competitor of Great Bridge at the time, to develop their version of PostgreSQL called "Red Hat Database". The Red Hat Database project was later cancelled, but Lane continued to work there to develop PostgreSQL. In May 2013, Tom Lane moved to Salesforce.com to work on PostgreSQL. He is part of the PostgreSQL core team.
PostgreSQL.
Tom Lane is a member of the core PostgreSQL development team. He is involved in all aspects of PostgreSQL, including new features, performance improvements, and bug evaluation and fixes.
Image formats.
Independent JPG Group (IJG).
IJG is an informal group that writes and distributes a widely used free library for JPEG image compression. The IJG is arguably one of the important early open source groups and a major reason why the JPEG image format is a standard.
The IJG develops and maintains libjpeg, a library written entirely in C which contains a widely used implementation of a JPEG decoder, JPEG encoder and other JPEG utilities.
PNG.
The original specification for the Portable Network Graphics (PNG), version 1.0, was written by Thomas Boutell and Tom Lane, with contributions by many others.
Tom Lane is a Contributing Editor for PNG Specification, Version 1.1.
TIFF.
Tom Lane is a member of the Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) advisory committee.
External links.
JPEG
PNG
PostgreSQL
Other

</doc>
<doc id="19321475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321475" title="Cutupú">
Cutupú

Cutupú is a small town in the northern part of La Vega Province in the Dominican Republic. It is to the north of La Vega city.

</doc>
<doc id="19321485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321485" title="Drysdallite">
Drysdallite

Drysdallite is a rare molybdenum selenium sulfide mineral with formula Mo(Se,S)2. It crystallizes in the hexagonal system as small pyramidal crystals or in cleavable masses. It is an opaque metallic mineral with a Mohs hardness of 1 to 1.5 and a specific gravity of 6.25. Like molybdenite it is pliable with perfect cleavage. 
It was first described in 1973 for an occurrence in an oxidized uranium deposit near Solwezi, Zambia. It was named for Alan Roy Drysdall, the director of the Zambian geological survey. 

</doc>
<doc id="19321486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321486" title="Abstract and Applied Analysis">
Abstract and Applied Analysis

Abstract and Applied Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematical journal focusing on papers in the fields of abstract and applied analysis and traditional forms of analysis such as linear and nonlinear, both ordinary and partial differential equations, optimization theory, and control theory. It was established by Athanassios G. Kartsatos (University of South Florida, Tampa) in 1996, who was editor-in-chief until 2005. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 2.221.

</doc>
<doc id="19321487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321487" title="Matthew Sunderland">
Matthew Sunderland

Matthew "Matt" Sunderland (born c.1972) is a New Zealand Actor, Writer and Director. He performed the lead role of David Gray in the feature film "Out of the Blue", based on the events of the Aramoana Massacre. At the New Zealand Screen Awards in 2008 he won Best Actor Award for this role.
Sunderland also stars as Uncle Rory in Cannes Winner Daniel Borgmans debut Feature The Weight of Elephants Produced by Zentropa films and Severe Features.
Sunderland was also nominated for a Best Actor Award in the 2006 NZ Screen Awards for Natures Way, which screened In Competition at the Cannes Film Festival in 2006.
His other feature film roles include "A Song of Good", "Christmas", "Stringer", "Woodenhead" "Existence" and "The Devil's Rock" as well as more than twenty short films.
Matthew made his directorial/screenwriting debut with the short film Tuffy which deals with estrangement between a father and son, in small town New Zealand.
Sunderland graduated from The New Zealand Drama School Toi Whakaari in 1997 and has concentrated on New Zealand film work with numerous theatre excursions also. He has appeared at the Silo Theatre (Fool for Love, Blasted), and the Herald Theatre (Trainspotting) in Auckland, and the Court Theatre in Christchurch (Peninsula) .
In 2013 Matt played in the stage adaption of Kate Grenville ’s Booker Prize winning "The Secret River" with the Sydney Theatre Company, to 5 star reviews, which toured throughout Australia.
Sunderland appeared in the New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street" as White Dragon, in a storyline concluding the 3 year Kieran Mitchell story arc.

</doc>
<doc id="19321498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321498" title="Ramón Romero">
Ramón Romero

Ramón Romero de los Santos (born January 8, 1959) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1984 and 1985, both for the Cleveland Indians.
Romero was originally signed by the Indians in 1976 and spent his entire career in their organization until after the 1985 season, when he was traded to the Minnesota Twins. He played one season in the Twins system before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="19321501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321501" title="The Lounge (radio network)">
The Lounge (radio network)

The Lounge was a 24-hour music network produced by Dial Global and distributed under their Dial Global Local brand (formerly by Waitt Radio Networks). The network's tag line was Great Songs and Stars. The format was discontinued on June 17, 2012, as part of a corporate reorganization by Dial Global which resulted in the elimination of the Dial Global Local brand and the absorption of most of the other DG Local formats into the main Dial Global portfolio.
Its playlist was composed of adult standards and gold-based adult contemporary music from artists such as Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, The Carpenters, Barbra Streisand, Tony Bennett, etc. that mainly targets listeners ages 25-54. Although their format was considered adult standards, it was more of a middle of the road format with soft oldies added to the playlist and modern-day artists such as Kimberly Locke, Jamie Cullum, Norah Jones, Michael Bublé, and others who did cover versions of the standards. 
Sample hour.
Source: (1)

</doc>
<doc id="19321504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321504" title="CanGames">
CanGames

CanGames has run annually since 1977 and takes place in Ottawa, Canada's capital and 4th largest city. It occurs every year on the Canadian May (Victoria Day) long weekend.
Scheduling and Location.
Although the show is now held on the Canadian Victoria Day weekend, the first show was held on the Canada Day weekend instead. Generally the show runs from Friday through Sunday night.
The show has been held in a number of locations, including the University campus. Currently the Rideau Curling Club hosts the event.
Features of the Show.
CanGames features gaming in both English and French and offers trophies to winners.
The convention was originally conceived, organized, and continues to be run by a committee of volunteers.
The CanGames Dwarf.
The CanGames Dwarf was designed by Denis Beauvais, a noted Fantasy artist whose work has appeared in Dragon Magazine, science fiction novel covers and in various video and boardgames.
Currently the trophies are a sculpted dwarf based on Denis's artwork done by Sandra Garrity a noted fantasy figure sculptor.
Format of the Show.
The format of the show has varied over the years, although the core activities of RPGs, miniature games and boardgames have featured each year.
In the early years the show included seminars and featured guests from the gaming industry, including such as Frank Chadwick of GDW, Jim Dunnigan of SPI, Gary Gygax of TSR and John Hill of Avalon Hill. Canadian game designer Steve Newberg of SimulationsCanada was a frequent guest. Early shows also featured film showings and auctions.
In later years the elements of the show have varied to reflect changing tastes in gaming, including the addition of CCGs to the featured games. Miniatures painting competitions have also been part of the show. Youth games have been added to encourage a new generation of gamers.
CanGames Favorites.
CanGames features several games that run every year. Chariots is a homegrown game that recreates the excitement of the Ben Hur chariot race. The Rubberboots saga is an "Indiana Jones"-style serial revolving around the recurring character of a Gumshoe detective featuring captivating scale-model sets. Robo Rally and Stock Ticker round out the list of favorites.
Coverage of the Show.
CanGames was reported on by Dragon magazine in 1979 and 1980 and by local Ottawa newspaper Orleans Now in 2007 The CanGames web site also features a "Past Glory" archive section detailing lists of winners, photographs, and artwork from previous years.
In 2011 it was featured on the front page of the Ottawa Citizen and the Citizen website included a picture and a short interview of one of the attendees.
References.
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/life/CanGames+2011+Conquest+fest+imaginary+mayhem+fantasy/4825291/story.html

</doc>
<doc id="19321505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321505" title="Barbara Gronemus">
Barbara Gronemus

Barbara Gronemus was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 91st Assembly District from 1982 through 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19321517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321517" title="Newt">
Newt

A newt is an aquatic amphibian of the family Salamandridae, although not all aquatic salamanders are considered newts. 
Newts are classified in the subfamily Pleurodelinae of the family Salamandridae, and are found in North America, Europe and Asia. 
Newts metamorphose through three distinct developmental life stages: aquatic larva, terrestrial juvenile (called an eft), and adult. 
Adult newts have lizard-like bodies and may be either fully aquatic, living permanently in the water, or semi-aquatic, living terrestrially but returning to the water each year to breed.
Names.
The Old English name of the animal was "efte, efeta" (of unknown origin), resulting in Middle English "eft";
this word was transformed irregularly into "euft", "evete" "ewt(e)". The initial "n" was added from the indefinite article "an" by provection (juncture loss) by the early 15th century.
The form "newt" appears to have arisen as a dialectal variant of "eft" in Derbyshire and Staffordshire, but entered Standard English by the Early Modern period (used by Shakespeare in "Macbeth" iv.1).
The regular form "eft", now only used for newly metamorphosed specimens, survived alongside "newt", especially in composition, the larva being called "water-eft" and the mature form "land-eft" well into the 18th century, but use of the simplex "eft" as equivalent to "water-eft" has been in use since at least the 17th century.
Dialectal English and Scots also has the word "ask" (also "awsk, esk" in Scots) used for both newts and wall lizards, from Old English āþexe, from Proto-Germanic *agiþahsijǭ literally "lizard-badger" (compare German Eidechse and Ehse; "*agi-" is ultimately cognate with Greek ὄφις, from Proto-Indo-European *ogʷʰis).
Latin had the name "stellio" for a type of spotted newt, now used for species of the Stellagama genus. Ancient Greek had the name κορδύλος, presumably for the water newt (immature newt, eft).
German has "Molch", from Middle High German "mol", "olm", like the English term of unknown etymology.
Newts are also known as "Tritones" (viz., named for the mythological Triton) in historical literature, and "triton" remains in use as common name in some Romance languages, in Greek and in Russian. The systematic name "Tritones" was introduced alongside "Pleurodelinae" by Tschudi in 1838, based on the type genus named "Triton" by Laurenti in 1768. Laurenti's "Triton" was renamed to "Triturus" ("Triton-tail") by Rafinesque in 1815. Tschudi's "Pleurodelinae" is based on the type genus "Pleurodeles" (ribbed newt) named by Michahelles in 1830 (the name meaning "having prominent ribs", formed from πλευρά "ribs" and δῆλος "conspicuous").
Characteristics.
Newts share many of the characteristics of their salamander kin, Caudata, including semi-permeable glandular skin, four equal-sized limbs and a distinct tail. The newt's skin, however, is not as smooth as that of other salamanders. Aquatic larvae have true teeth on both upper and lower jaws, and external gills. They have the ability to regenerate limbs, eyes, spinal cords, hearts, intestines, and upper and lower jaws. Recently it was discovered that the Japanese fire belly newt can regenerate its eye lens 18 times over a period of 16 years and retain its structural and functional properties. The cells at the site of the injury have the ability to de-differentiate, reproduce rapidly, and differentiate again to create a new limb or organ. One theory is that the de-differentiated cells are related to tumour cells since chemicals which produce tumours in other animals will produce additional limbs in newts.
Development.
The main breeding season for newts is (in the Northern Hemisphere) between the months of June and July. After courtship rituals of varying complexity, which take place in ponds or slow moving streams, the male newt transfers a spermatophore which is taken up by the female. Fertilized eggs are laid singly and are usually attached to aquatic plants. This distinguishes them from the free-floating eggs of frogs or toads, that are laid in clumps or in strings. Plant leaves are usually folded over and adhered to the eggs to protect them. The tadpoles, which resemble fish fry but are distinguished by their feathery external gills, hatch out in about three weeks. After hatching they eat algae, small invertebrates or other tadpoles.
During the next few months the tadpoles undergo metamorphosis, during which they develop legs, and the gills are absorbed and replaced by air-breathing lungs. Some species, such as the North American newts, also become more brightly coloured during this phase. Once fully metamorphosised they leave the water and live a terrestrial life, when they are known as "efts". Only when the eft reaches adulthood will the North American species return to live in water, rarely venturing back onto the land. Conversely, most European species live their adult lives on land and only visit water to breed.
Toxicity.
Many newts produce toxins in their skin secretions as a defence mechanism against predators. "Taricha" newts of western North America are particularly toxic. The Rough-skinned newt "Taricha granulosa" of the Pacific Northwest produces more than enough tetrodotoxin to kill an adult human, and some Native Americans of the Pacific Northwest used the toxin to poison their enemies. However, the toxins are only dangerous if ingested, and the newts can easily and safely live in the same ponds or streams as frogs and other amphibians, or be safely kept as pets. The only predators of Taricha newts are Garter snakes, some having developed a resistance to the poison.
Most newts can be safely handled, provided that the toxins they produce are not ingested or allowed to come in contact with mucous membranes, or breaks in the skin. After handling, proper hand-washing techniques should be followed due to the risk from the toxins they produce and bacteria they carry, such as salmonella. It is, however, illegal to handle or disturb Great crested newts in the UK without a licence.
As bioindicators.
Newts, as with salamanders in general, serve as bioindicators because of their thin, sensitive skin and evidence of their presence (or absence) can serve as an indicator of the health of the environment. Most species are highly sensitive to subtle changes in the pH level of streams and lakes they live in. Because their skin is permeable to water they absorb oxygen and other substances they need through their skin. Scientists will study the stability of the amphibian population when studying the water quality of a particular body of water.
Systematics.
About two thirds of all species of the family Salamandridae, comprising the following genera, are commonly called "newts":
The term "newt" has traditionally been seen as an exclusively functional term for salamanders living in water, and not a systematic unit. The relationship between the genera has been uncertain, although it has been suggested that they constitute a natural systematic unit and newer molecular analyses tend to support this position.
Newts only appear in one subfamily of salamanders, the Pleurodelinae (of the family Salamandridae),
however, "Salamandrina" and "Euproctus", which are sometimes listed as Pleurodelinae, are not newts. Whether these are basal to the subfamily (and thus the sister group of the newt group) or derived, making the newts an evolutionary grade (an "incomplete" systematic unit, where not all branches of the family tree belong to the group) is currently not known.
Distribution.
The three common European genera are the crested newts ("Triturus" spp.), the smooth and palmate newts ("Lissotriton" spp.) and the banded Newts ("Ommatotriton" spp.). Other species present in Europe are the Iberian ribbed newt ("Plurodeles waltl"), which is the largest of the European newts, the pyrenean brook newt ("Calotriton sp."); the European brook newt ("Euproctus sp.") and the Alpine newt ("Mesotriton alpestris").
In North America, there are the Eastern newts ("Notophthalmus" spp.), of which the red-spotted newt ("Notophthalmus viridescens") is the most abundant species, but it is limited to the area east of the Rocky Mountains. The three species of coastal or Western newts are the red-bellied newt, the California newt, and the rough-skinned newt, all of which belong to the genus "Taricha", which is confined to the area west of the Rockies.
In Southeast Asia and Japan, species commonly encountered in the pet trade include the fire belly newts ("Cynops" spp.), the paddletail newts ("Pachytriton" spp.), the crocodile newts ("Tylototriton" spp.), and the warty newts ("Paramesotriton" spp.). In the Middle East there are the spotted newts ("Neurergus" spp.).
Conservation status.
Yunnan lake newt is considered extinct.
Europe.
Some newt populations in Europe have decreased because of pollution or destruction of their breeding sites and terrestrial habitats, and countries such as the UK have taken steps to halt their declines. In the UK, they are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and the "Habitat Regulations Act 1994". It is illegal to catch, possess or handle Great crested newts without a licence, and it is also illegal to cause them harm or death, or to disturb their habitat in any way. The IUCN Red List categorises the species as ‘lower risk’
Although the other UK species, the Smooth newt and Palmate newt are not listed, the sale of either species is prohibited under the Wildlife and Countryside Act, 1981.
In Europe, nine newts are listed as "strictly protected fauna species" under appendix II of the Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats:
The remaining European species are listed as "protected fauna species" under appendix III.
In literature.
A newt plays a key role in Roald Dahl's children's book "Matilda" when, in the chapter 'The First Miracle', the eponymous heroine Matilda Wormwood slips a newt into the headmistress Miss Trunchbull's water, and tips it over by telekinesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19321522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321522" title="Potentilla recta">
Potentilla recta

Potentilla recta (Sulphur Cinquefoil or Rough-fruited Cinquefoil) is a species of cinquefoil. It is native to Eurasia but it is present in North America as an introduced species, ranging through almost the entire continent except the northernmost part of Canada and Alaska.
The plant probably originated in the Mediterranean Basin, and it was first collected in the 19th century in Ontario and in 1914 in British Columbia. It is known as a minor noxious weed in some areas. It occurs in many types of habitat, including disturbed, weedy places.
Description.
Sulphur cinquefoil is a perennial herb and is a tufted plant growing from a woody taproot or caudex. It produces upright to erect leafy stems up to tall. The upper part of the stem is branched and densely hairy, and it also bears some glandular hairs. The lower leaves have long stalks and the stem leaves are arranged alternately and have short stalks. All the leaves are palmate, divided into usually six or seven leaflets, sometimes up to nine, with the uppermost ones just having three leaflets. The green to yellow-green leaves may be up to long, with the central leaflet reaching in length. The leaflets are linear-lanceolate, hairy in texture and toothed along the edges. The inflorescence is a cyme of several flowers which are generally light to pale yellow in color, with white to gold-flowered individuals occurring at times. Each flower has five calyx lobes, five broad, shallowly-notched petals, thirty stamens, many pistils and a separate gynoecium. The fruit is a receptacle containing several glossy, pale brown achenes. The plant may reproduce by seed or vegetatively by sprouting new shoots from its caudex. Sulphur cinquefoil flowers from June to August. 
Distribution and habitat.
Sulphur cinquefoil is native to much of Europe, Asia, and parts of North America, and it can be found in other parts of the world as an introduced species. Its natural habitat is arable fields, gardens, banks, hedgerows, wasteland, logging clearings, loading areas and occasionally shores.

</doc>
<doc id="19321535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321535" title="Bernt Persson">
Bernt Persson

Bernt Eveart Persson (born 24 June 1946 in Eskilstuna, Sweden) is a former Swedish international speedway rider who finished runner up in the 1972 Speedway World Championship final.
He rode in Britain for the Edinburgh Monarchs, eight seasons with the Cradley Heath Heathens, and finally a season with the Sheffield Tigers. He became Swedish Champion in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19321553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321553" title="Manila Xiamen International School">
Manila Xiamen International School

Manila Xiamen International School () or MXIS, is an educational institution owned by Dr. Mildred A. Go, Ed. D. It was founded in 1993 and currently operates with an approximately 13 nationalities of students.
History.
Manila Xiamen International School (MXIS) is the first international school in Xiamen, China. It was conceptualized by the Manila Xiamen Educational Foundation as a nonprofit, non-stock, fully foreign-owned and independent school guided by a global philosophy of education with the following objectives:
Manila Xiamen International School started its operation in 1993 with a permit from the Ministry of Education of China and from the Philippine Department of Education. It is a co-educational day and boarding school with excellent curricular offerings at pre-school, lower school, middle school, and upper school levels. English is the medium of instruction. Non-English speaking students are supported with special English as a Second Language (ESL) program, while Mandarin is taught at every grade and level by Chinese teachers. MXIS has gained acceptance to the International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) of world schools, accredited to offer the rigorous two-year Diploma Programme for Grades 11 and 12. DP graduates are qualified to enter the best colleges and universities all over the world.
Internationalism permeates the entire school curriculum, which is implemented by a multi-ethnic and highly competent faculty. The school’s student population comprises over 20 nationalities. Since its inception in 1993, MXIS has graduated over a hundred students; ninety percent of them have enrolled in a 4- to 5-year university courses in different countries.
The school calendar opens during the second week of August and ends second week of June, however, enrolment is accepted anytime during the school year.
Facilities and Location.
The school is in a 6500m2 and has two main buildings with 34 rooms in each building.
Philosophy, Goals and Objectives.
Manila Xiamen International School adheres to the global philosophy of education. Our goal is to prepare students to become active members of the world community.
This means that while we inculcate the teaching of cultures and histories in order to promote an international outlook among our students, we consciously implement the development of numeracy, literacy, and yes, values formation, as well as the enhancement of creativity and physical fitness.
Curriculum.
Manila Xiamen International School's curriculum combines features from the Eastern and the Western models. It uses two (2) international languages: English as medium of instruction and Mandarin as a second language.
The school employs foreign as well as local teachers. The school uses textbooks and main references from respectable world publishers.
The school limits the number of students to 15 per class to maintain supervision onto students. ESL classes are provided for Non-English speaking students.
The House System.
Students participate in the House System where the whole school population is divided into two teams called the Tiger House and the Dragon House. The two teams compete in sports, quiz bees, talent shows, etc.
Summer Programs.
Manila Xiamen International School provides Summer Programs where participants are given better understanding and appreciation of China, its history, people, culture and geography. A yearly 45-day summer program from early April and mid-May is sponsored for overseas students. There are two optional types of the Summer Program:
Relations.
A Philippine Branch or Philippine Address was mentioned in the school's official website. The said school is St. Gabriel International School (), a school also owned by Dr. Mildred A. Go, Ed. D. located in Pasig City, Metro Manila, Philippines. St. Gabriel International School uses a patterned curriculum and participates in the Summer Program of Manila Xiamen International School.

</doc>
<doc id="19321561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321561" title="WSND-FM">
WSND-FM

WSND-FM (88.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Notre Dame, Indiana, USA. WSND-FM began in 1962 as a 10-Watt non-commercial, educational station licensed to the University of Notre Dame. It was operated by students during the University Fall and Spring semesters. In 1971, it expanded its schedule and signal coverage with a new transmitter of 3,430 Watts which covered St.Joseph County, Indiana and its surrounding communities including parts of lower Michigan. It also expanded its staff to include university staff and area volunteers who helped keep the station operating during semester and summer breaks. Today, it continues to be operated with a complementary mix of students and volunteers. The station features classical music during the day, and a large variety of programming at night, including Jazz, Broadway, Celtic, Blues, Big Band, and Alternative rock. In 2012 chief operator Edwin Jaroszewski celebrated his 40th year with the station.
In the mid 80's, under the stewardship of Eliot Coe, who was Jazz Director from 1984-1986, the station pioneered an eclectic mix of jazz music. The jazz programming continues -- expanding to include the avant-garde -- as does the practically free-form Nocturne Nightflight show (featuring mostly rock, techno, metal and other current genres.) An Hour of Stories is a weekly program featuring folktales, and Explorations in Piano Literature is a weekly excursion into canonical keyboard music research.
Today, the station broadcasts news and weather from United Press International and the National Weather Service at 7:30 am, 8:30 am, 12:30 pm, 4:30 pm, and 5:30 pm Monday through Friday, and at 12 pm on weekends.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19321573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321573" title="Lago Cochrane National Reserve">
Lago Cochrane National Reserve

Lago Cochrane National Reserve, also known as Tamango National Reserve, is a nature reserve located northeast of the town of Cochrane, in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region, Chile. It is named after Cochrane Lake, which, according to C.Michael Hogan, is a large lake of glacial origin. The reserve occupies the slope of "Cerro Tamango" and is bordered by Cochrane Lake and Cochrane River on the south side.
The endangered South Andean Deer is found in the reserve.
The park has an average annual temperature of and a summer mean maximum temperature of . Annual precipitation ranges between .
A new, 25,000 km² national park is to combine Lago Cochrane National Reserve, Lago Jeinimeni National Reserve and the privately owned Conservacion Patagonica which encompasses Chacabuco Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19321576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321576" title="Commercial &amp; Financial Chronicle">
Commercial &amp; Financial Chronicle

The Commercial & Financial Chronicle was a business newspaper in the United States founded by William Buck Dana (1829–1910) in 1865. Published weekly, the "Commercial & Financial Chronicle" was deliberately modeled to be an American take on the popular business newspaper "The Economist", which had been founded in England in 1843. It was the first national business weekly in the United States.
The "Commercial & Financial Chronicle" continued the legacy begun by "Hunt's Merchant's Magazine and Commercial Review", a monthly business magazine, which was founded in 1839 by Freeman Hunt but disappeared during the American Civil War. They are together in many library collections. Dana continued as editor of the "Chronicle" until his death in 1910.
The "Commercial & Financial Chronicle" never had the large subscriber base or influence of "The Wall Street Journal" or "Barron's". In 1872 its circulation was around 4,000 and reached 26,000 by 1922. Data from the publication is, however, used by many economic historians, as it is one of the few sources available. Douglas Steeples, Dana's biographer, wrote that "one can scarcely reconstruct the business history of the United States between the Civil War and 1910 without immersing oneself in his paper. Even the most important series of business statistics published by the U.S. government, "Historical Statistics of the United States" [...], depends heavily on his work and that of the correspondents worldwide who contributed to the "Chronicle"." The publication (little known or noticed at the time of its demise) ceased publication during the fall out of Black Monday and the stock market troubles of 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19321597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321597" title="WFDL">
WFDL

WFDL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321599" title="Phalaenopsis 'Kaleidoscope'">
Phalaenopsis 'Kaleidoscope'

"Phalaenopsis" Baldan's Kaleidoscope is an artificial orchid hybrid. One of the seedlings from this grex was awarded an Award of Merit by the American Orchid Society (abbreviated AM/AOS) and given the cultivar name 'Golden Treasure'. The vast majority of "Phal". Baldan's Kaleidoscope plants sold today are clones of this original plant. 
The grex, registered in 1990, was created in South Florida by Barbara Baldan by pollenizing Phalaenopsis Hausermann's Candy with Phalaenopsis Daryl Lockhart. 
Phalaenopsis Baldan's Kaleidoscope 'Golden Treasure' has been used successfully as the seed parent of a few new hybrids, for example, "Phal". Baldan's Geisha = "Phal". Baldan's Kaleidoscope × "Phal". Golden Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="19321601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321601" title="David Travis">
David Travis

David M. 'Dave' Travis was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 81st Assembly District from 1983 through 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19321611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321611" title="Santos Party House">
Santos Party House

Santos Party House is a New York City nightclub located at 96 Lafayette Street between Walker and White Streets in the TriBeCa neighborhood of downtown Manhattan. Originally named the "Lafayette Street Jungle Gym", Santos Party House has been recognized as the "Best New Nightclub" by "Paper" magazine's Annual Nightlife Awards, and has also won awards for its parties, sound system, lighting, and dance floor. 
The nightclub is a two-level, music venue designed by Ronald Castellano to function as a concert hall, dance club, and lounge. It took the partners, including co-owner Andrew W.K., three years to acquire a cabaret license and finish the creation of the space, with the downstairs space opening on May 14, 2008, and the upstairs space opening on June 1, 2008. In total, the venue features three bars, black walls and ceilings, dark wood floors, tall columns, and an array of ever-changing decorations.
Awards and honors.
Santos Party House has received a number of awards, including: The People's Choice Award for Best Night Club, Best New Club, Best DJ Night from "Paper" magazine, Best New Dance Floor from the "Village Voice", as well as additional awards for its sound and lighting systems from "NY Press" and "L Magazine".
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19321623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321623" title="Fitbit">
Fitbit

Fitbit Inc. is a company headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States. Founded and managed by James Park and Eric Friedman, the company is known for its products of the same name, which are activity trackers, wireless-enabled wearable devices that measure data such as the number of steps walked, quality of sleep, and other personal metrics. The first of these was the Fitbit Tracker. The average price of a Fitbit is between $60 and $130, depending on the model. However, data cannot be downloaded off the Fitbit website unless one pays the premium membership price of $49 per year. Intraday data analysis cannot be downloaded at all.
Fitbit Tracker.
The Fitbit Tracker uses a three-dimensional accelerometer, similar to that in the Wii Remote, to sense user movement. The Tracker measures steps taken, and combines it with user data to calculate distance walked, calories burned, floors climbed, and activity duration and intensity. It uses an OLED display to display this and other information such as the battery level. It also measures sleep quality: how long it takes the wearer to fall asleep, how often they wake up over the course of the night, and how long they are actually asleep.
A wireless base station is included to receive data from the Tracker and also charge its battery. When connected to a computer the base station will upload data to the Fitbit website, where a number of features are available: seeing an overview of physical activity, setting and tracking goals, keeping food and activity logs, and interacting with friends. Use of the website is free.
Development history.
Fitbit Classic.
The product was announced on September 9, 2008, at TechCrunch50 during the "Mobile" session. Fitbit received positive reactions during its panel from experts like Rafe Needleman, Tim O'Reilly, and Evan Williams who cited its wearability, price point, and lack of subscription fees.
The Fitbit Classic tracked only steps taken, distance travelled, calories burned, activity intensity, and sleep. It was designed to be a small black and teal device that could be clipped discreetly onto clothing and worn 24/7.
Fitbit Ultra.
A new hardware upgrade was announced on October 3, 2011, called the Fitbit Ultra. The new features included:
Fitbit One.
Announced on September 17, 2012, the Fitbit One is an update to the Fitbit Ultra that uses a more vivid digital display, has a separate clip and a separate charging cable and wireless sync dongle. The Fitbit One and the Fitbit Zip were the first wireless activity trackers to sync using Bluetooth 4.0 or Bluetooth SMART technology. The wireless syncing is currently available on newer iOS and Android devices such as the iPhone 4S and higher, iPad 3rd generation, iPod touch 5th generation, Samsung Galaxy Note II and higher, Samsung Galaxy S III and higher, LG G2, HTC One, Moto X, and Nexus 4 or higher.
Fitbit Zip.
Announced on September 17, 2012, the Fitbit Zip is roughly the size of a quarter and tracks only steps taken, distance travelled, and calories burned. Compared to the other Fitbit trackers, the Zip is the first Fitbit product to include a disposable battery. It also has a lower price point than other Fitbit trackers. Similar to the Fitbit One, it is able to sync its data wirelessly to supported mobile devices, such as the iPhone 4S and higher, iPad 3rd generation, iPod touch 5th generation, Samsung Galaxy Note II and higher, Samsung Galaxy S III and higher, LG G2, HTC One, Moto X, and Nexus 4 or higher.
Fitbit Flex.
In May 2013, Fitbit released the Fitbit Flex, which is a device that one wears on the wrist. It tracks movement 24 hours a day, including sleep patterns. It has a simple display of 5 LED lights and has almost all the same sync functions as the Fitbit One and Zip. Compared to the One, the altimeter has been removed. The Flex is also the first water-resistant tracker; it can be worn while showering and swimming.
Fitbit Force.
This is the latest device from Fitbit that was announced on October 10, 2013. It has an OLED display that shows time and daily activity. The Force tracks a number of statistics in real-time, including steps taken, distance traveled, calories burned, stairs climbed and active minutes throughout the day. At night, the Force tracks sleep and can wake a user silently with a vibrating alarm.
On January 13, 2014 it was reported that an unconfirmed number of Fitbit customers who have purchased the Force have complained about skin irritation after wearing the Force for extended periods of time. Fitbit stated on its website that the company consulted with medical professionals whose assessments are that these irritations are most likely common allergic reactions to nickel, a component of the surgical-grade steel used in the Fitbit Force. The company announced that consumers who experienced any skin irritation would be given a full refund or offered a replacement device.
Users on the Fitbit forums, however, include many who have reported being tested by allergists for nickel allergies and having negative test results. Others state that they have worn other stainless steel based jewelry without any indication of allergic reactions. Alternate hypotheses include radiation burns from the device's frequent syncing, leaks from the battery charging dock on the Force's rear side, and possible lead used in the manufacture of the devices.
In February 2014, Fitbit recalled its Force wristband due to skin irritation that was first reported in January.
Fitbit Aria.
In April 2012, Fitbit released a "Wi-Fi Smart Scale" called the Fitbit Aria. It measures weight, body mass index (BMI) and percentage of body fat of the user. It can keep track of 8 individual users and updates information to fitbit.com automatically via WI-FI network. The information is also updated to the mobile apps.
Fitbit Mobile Apps.
In October 2011, just a few weeks after the launch of the Fitbit Ultra, Fitbit launched a native app for the iPhone. In March 2012 Fitbit launched a native app for Android (currently available in the US, Canada, and the UK). Users could log their food, activities, water intake, and weight, as well as track their fitness goals throughout the day even while offline. Originally the iOS and Android apps could only retrieve data from the user's Fitbit account, rather than connecting directly to the fitness tracker, but in September 2012 the Fitbit One and Zip were announced with Bluetooth support for syncing directly with phones. When the One and Zip were released, only newer iOS devices were supported, but in February 2013, Fitbit released an update that would allow wireless syncing from Fitbit One and Zip devices to the Samsung Galaxy S III and Galaxy Note II. An update in May 2013 added support for the Galaxy S4, and on January 6, 2014, Fitbit announced an update to the Android app adding support for many more devices including the Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Moto X, HTC One, and LG G2.
Fitbit Website.
Fitbit offers a free website that can be used with or without the Fitbit Tracker. Users have the ability to log their food, activities, weight, blood pressure, heart rate, and glucose levels to track over time. Users also have the ability to set daily and weekly goals for themselves for steps, calories burned and consumed, and distance walked.
App Gallery.
Fitbit.com dashboard also has the ability for users to connect existing applications from other providers such as Loseit, Myfitnesspal and many others to have cumulative data collection in one location for a more complete personal health report.
Food Plan.
Fitbit allows users to set a food plan for themselves on the website or the mobile app based on a weight goal. The food plan tool has four different intensity settings users can choose from, and gives a range of calorie consumption to aim for each day. This number updates dynamically with any activities logged on the Fitbit website or synced with the Fitbit Tracker. It also gives a projected date for reaching the weight goal which updates as the user logs their weight.
Badges.
On August 9, 2011, Fitbit launched badges for various step and distance milestones. Step badges could be earned based on how many steps a user took in a single day, while lifetime distance badges gave users a badge based on how much distance they’ve logged since they started using the Fitbit Tracker. With the launch of Fitbit Ultra, they came out with new Ultra-only badges that can be earned for floor climbing, and launched new step and distance badges that anyone could earn.
Reception.
Awards.
Fitbit has won numerous awards, including runner-up at TechCrunch50 in 2008 and CES 2009 Innovation honoree and best in the Health & Wellness category.
Criticism pertaining to privacy.
Starting in June 2011, Fitbit was criticized for its website's default activity sharing settings, which made users' manually entered physical activities available for public viewing. All users had the option to make their physical activity information private, but some users were unaware that the information was public by default. One specific issue which technology blogs made fun of was that some users were including details about their sex lives in their daily exercise logs, and this information was by default publicly available. Fitbit responded to criticism by making all such data private by default and requesting that search engines remove indexed user profile pages from their databases.

</doc>
<doc id="19321624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321624" title="WEVR">
WEVR

WEVR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321634" title="Philadelphia City Treasurer">
Philadelphia City Treasurer

The City Treasurer of Philadelphia is the manager of city funds and investments for the City of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The duties of the City Treasurer include:
The Philadelphia City Treasurer as of September 2013 is Nancy Winkler.

</doc>
<doc id="19321667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321667" title="Cadence (gait)">
Cadence (gait)

Cadence in sports involving running is the total number of 'revolutions per minute' (RPM), or number of full cycles taken within a minute, by the pair of feet, and is used as a measure of athletic performance. It is very similar in respect to cadence in cycling, however it is often overlooked in its importance in the sports of running and racewalking. This discrepancy may be attributable to other factors of importance in running, including stride length, technique, and other elements pertaining to bio-mechanical efficiency. 
Note that in other sports such as weight lifting or bodybuilding, 'Cadence' can refer to the speed, or time taken to complete a single lift, rather than how many repetitions of a lift are completed.

</doc>
<doc id="19321672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321672" title="Conestoga Valley High School">
Conestoga Valley High School

Conestoga Valley High School is a public secondary school in the Conestoga Valley School District in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. It consisted of 1,334 students in the 2010–11 academic year and its current principal is Michael Thornton, who was hired in 2008.
History.
Conestoga Valley High School originated in 1907 when East Lampeter Township dedicated a two-room building next to present-day Smoketown Elementary School as its first high school, named East Lampeter High School. The building itself was constructed in 1868. The first class, the class of 1909, graduated with two years of high school education, but in the same year, the school was developed into a three-year school. In 1910, the building was renovated to a four-room, two-story building, but the high school would only remain there until 1927. In 1927, East Lampeter High School was moved west along Old Philadelphia Pike and remained there until 1958 when East Lampeter Township, Upper Leacock Township, and West Earl Township decided to merge their school systems into present-day Conestoga Valley School District. The high school was moved to present-day Smoketown Elementary School and was dedicated as the new high school of the Conestoga Valley School District, becoming a 4-year high school in the process. Its old location became Witmer Heights Elementary School and then subsequently became a Mennonite church. The new location of the high school was built in 1937 when the one-room schoolhouses of East Lampeter Township were merged there. Sometime after 1970, Conestoga Valley High School was moved to Horseshoe Road where the present-day high school now stands.
Principals.
Before Conestoga Valley High School was named so, there were a multitude of principals preceding Michael Thornton. At the time where East Lampeter High School was located along Old Philadelphia Pike, from 1928 to 1958, the principals were Charles Ressel, Aaron Breidenstine, Galen Kilhefner, Harry K. Gerlach, Henry Walker, and J. Elias Fritz. When East Lampeter High School was moved to Smoketown in 1958 and renamed Conestoga Valley High School, Fritz left the principal position to become the first supervising principal of the district, therefore becoming the first superintendent of Conestoga Valley School District. An elementary school in the district is currently named after him.
The most recent former principal was Brian Ginter, who served as the high school's assistant principal before moving on to become principal in 2003. He remained in that position for five years before accepting another high school principal position at Warwick High School.
Michael Thornton previously served as the principals of Tunkhannock Area High School in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and Blue Ridge High School in New Milford, Pennsylvania, before coming to Conestoga Valley High School. In 2008, he became this school's principal and is currently serving here. 
Recent developments.
In 2002, Conestoga Valley School District and the East Lampeter Township Police Department agreed to implement the School Resource Officer Program by placing a police officer in the high school. Officer Preston Gentzler became the school's first S.R.O. and worked for three years until Officer Randy Shrom took over in 2005. From there, he served until 2010 when Officer Matthew Hess took over. Officer Hess remains the school's current S.R.O.
The high school building was renovated in 2006 and 2012. In 2006, specialized classrooms were created for art, business, and computer technology as well as the addition of two technology-enhanced Large Group Instruction rooms. In 2012, renovations were made to the school's roof at the cost of $370,000 and to the main entrance to make it more energy-efficient for $17,000. In addition, the high school expanded its wireless network to cover all of the building.
In 2012, a new electronic sign was installed to replace the old standard sign which had been in use ever since the building was erected. The sign cost $15,000 and was funded by a number of disbanding clubs which agreed to donate money as well as donations by the classes of 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2011. The school also launched a campaign in 2012 to renovate its stadium complex, which is in need of renovation. Termed "Sound Mind, Sound Body, Sound Future", this capital campaign focuses on promoting physical activity through sports, a $3.4 million upgrade of its sports complex, and to establish durable athletic facilities that will last well into the future. As part of this project, the field will be replaced with artificial turf, the grandstand and concession stands will be expanded, the bleachers will be replaced with new ones that conform to the current safety codes, and the press box will be replaced. As of November 2012, more than $75,000 has been raised for the capital campaign, recently contributing from a $10,000 donation by the Kysilla Family in memory of Karin Kincaid, class of 1991.
For the 2012-2013 school year, the PSSAs were eliminated in favor of the Keystone Exams, a new set of exams that are replacing the PSSAs. Instead of being tested on math, reading, science, and writing, students are tested in Algebra I, Biology, and Literature. This school year was the first year that the Keystones were implemented.
Starting in the 2013-2014 school year, the one to one computing initiative will be begin. Each student will receive a Lenovo netbook to use throughout the school year to improve their learning experience both in and out of the classroom. The school hopes that this move towards technology will lower the overall cost throughout the school by eliminating printed textbooks and worksheets. This change has accompanied ebook readers for use in the library and iPads that are distributed throughout the building. 

</doc>
<doc id="19321686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321686" title="Vernon Parish School Board">
Vernon Parish School Board

Vernon Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Leesville, Louisiana, United States.
The district serves all of Vernon Parish.
School uniforms.
All students are required to wear school uniforms.
Schools.
7-12 schools.
Zoned
Alternative

</doc>
<doc id="19321764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321764" title="Kalavalapalli">
Kalavalapalli

Kalavalapalli is a village in Chagallu mandal in West Godavari district in Andhrapradesh state in India.
It is the smallest and least populated village in the Chagallu mandal.
History.
It was a fort surrounded by water bodies (Jaladurgam) of East Chalukyan kings. Chalukya Bhima, the builder of Draksharama Bhimeswara temple won this land from Rastrakutas, the then ruling dynasty. Veerabhadra Chalukya, a ruler of this place married Rani Rudrama Devi, a prominent ruler and warrior princess of Kaakateeya dynasty. It had 108 siva temples, many of them were totally destroyed by Md. Bin Tughlaq in 1323. Even today can find 6 feet destroyed sculptures of that age. A beautiful Nandi of 13th century placed in Sri Golingeswara temple discovered in School building construction. It has history erstwhile Rajahmundry's.
Important Places to visit.
There are a few places to visit such as Lord Siva Temple, Sai Baba Temple etc. Sai Baba Temple is newly constructed [in 2012. But Lord Siva Temple is an ancient temple. Also a large pond lies in front of it which is considered very pious. It is believed that another temple lies under this pond.
Political Context.
For few years the village supported Telugu Desam Party TDP when Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao started his party TDP. Later, the villagers started showing political maturity and started casting their votes based on the candidate's personal profile.
Climate.
Kalavalapalli falls in the hot humid region of the country. The climate of the city is hot in the summers and it is pleasant during the winter. The hottest day falls in the month of May with shift to June during some years. Simply, the weather is moderate.
Land & Agriculture.
The village has a total geographical area of 1265 hectares. Kalavalapalli is the smallest village in the mandal. Out of this total land, 1138 hectares is used for Agriculture and cultivation, which is about 90% of total land. In this total cultivated land, about 1100 hectares is irrigated and 38 hectares is unirrigated, which says that about 96.66% of cultivated land is irrigated. Village land is divided into two halfs pallam (lower land) which is covered with Black soil and meraka (upper land) which is covered with Red soil. Kalavalapalli is unique as it shares the two different land areas Black and Red. All other villages have either Black or Red soil.
Land Particulars according to 2001 census.
Agriculture or cultivation is the main source of income of people. Main crops are paddy, sugarcane, coco, coconut. Land is highly fertile and can produce three crops per year with available irrigation. Villagers sell sugarcane to the near famous sugar factory, Jeypore Sugar Company Ltd. Approximately all the area of kalavalapalli village is covered by agricultural lands mostly paddy and coconut. Other plantations include palm oil, coco (raw material which is used to produce chocolates), banana, tobacco, sugarcane and other vegetable crops which are considerably less.
Recently several Industries have been established based on these crops. These include Rice mills, Coconut Fibre Production Units, and Copra production units. The major exports are Coconuts (Tender and Mature) and Coconut based products (Copra, Coir, Coir Pith, Coir Pith Compost). Others include Cocoa beans, Palm oil, Paddy / Rice etc.
Culture.
Villagers follow a purely the Godavari Style in culture and traditions. They celebrate every festival very traditionally. Even Dramas, Costume displays, rural carnivals will be held at time of Maha Siva Rathri and Subramanya Sashti.
Population.
According to 2001 census, Kalavalapalli village has population of 5565. Number of families was found to be 1264. Village has a sex ratio of 949:1000 with 2856 male and 2709 female population. This village is the least populated village in the Mandal. It is expected to rise to 10,000 by 2011. 
Transport.
Transport facilities are very bad. Only a single bus runs through the village that too only in 9-10 months an year. Main mode of transport is Auto. 
There is a bus stand near Lord Siva Temple and an Auto stand at main road.
Education.
Only one Government High school is present in the village. 
Most Students go for private schools and colleges in Nidadavole.
Popular families.
Main families are Edara, Kondepati, Aalam, Aatkuri, Abburi, Alapati, Arumilli, Bikkina, Burugapalli, Dommeti, Gaggara, Gannamani, Gudapati, Jasthi, Jonna, Kakarla, Karinki, Kodavati, Maddipati, Mullapudi, Muppidi, Nalluri, Nandigam, Naramamidi, Patkuri, Pedhavegi, Ravipati, Sunkavalli, Taduri, Taninki, Sanam etc.
Cinepeople from the Village.
Two young directors Naren Kondepati and Veerabhadram Chowdary from the village directed few Telugu films.
Distance to cities and towns from Kalavalapalli.
Hyderabad -415 km
Nidadavole -7 km
Rajahmundry -30 km
Tanuku -36 km
Eluru -85 km
Tadepalligudem-27 km
Palakollu -55 km
Kakinada -85 km
Bhimavaram -60 km
Narsapur -65 km
Vijayawada -140 km
Vishakapatnam -215 km

</doc>
<doc id="19321778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321778" title="Marc Jeannerod">
Marc Jeannerod

Marc Jeannerod (1935–2011) was a neurologist, a neurophysiologist and an internationally recognized expert in cognitive neuroscience and experimental psychology. His research focuses on the cognitive and neurophysiological mechanisms underpinning motor control, motor cognition, the sense of agency, and more recently language and social cognition. Jeannerod's work bridges with elegance and rigor various levels of analysis, ranging from neuroscience to philosophy of mind, with clear implications for the understanding of a number of psychiatric and neurological disorders, especially schizophrenia.
Background.
Marc Jeannerod studied Medicine at Claude Bernard University Lyon 1, France, and specialized in Neurology. He was awarded his MD degree in 1965. He got his research training in experimental medicine, studying the neurobiology of sleep under the supervision of Michel Jouvet, one of the discoverers of REM sleep. After his medical degree, Jeannerod became a research assistant in the Department of Anatomy at the University of California at Los Angeles, and then at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with Hans-Lucas Teuber in the Department of Psychology. He subsequently became a professor of physiology at the University Claude Bernard Medical School in Lyon and headed the unit Vision and Motricity of the National Institute of Health and the Medical research (INSERM) until 1997. He then founded and headed the Institute for Cognitive Sciences of the National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS) until 2003. 
Jeannerod was a member of the French Academy of Sciences. He was appointed Knight of the Légion d'honneur in July 2008. He left a wife and four children.
Editorial duties.
Jeannerod has been for ten years the chief editor of "Neuropsychologia". He serves on the editorial boards of several scientific journals, including "Neuroimage", "European Journal of Neuroscience", "European Journal of Physiology", "Neuroreport", "Physiological Reviews", "Journal of Motor Behavior", "Perception", "Cognition", "Behavioural Brain Research", and "Experimental Brain Research". He has been the president of the European Brain and Behaviour Society and was at the time of his death the president elect of the European Society for Philosophy and Psychology.
Academic achievements.
Marc Jeannerod's early work in neurophysiology and clinical neuropsychology has significantly contributed to new concepts that have impacted on the field of cognitive motor control and motor cognition, including motor imagery, and have led to new vistas for the understanding of higher-order motor disorders. Specifically, he has conducted a number of empirical investigations of clinical disorders including those of bimanual coordination, apraxia and sensorimotor transformation deficits, motor neglect, anarchic hand syndrome, and imitation.
More recently, studies conducted in Jeannerod's INSERM laboratory and CNRS Institute for Cognitive Science (French: institut des sciences cognitives) have led him to put forward an original account of the simulation theory in the context of motor cognition and motor imagery. This theory states that an action involves a covert stage, corresponding to its pragmatic representation, which includes its goal, the means to achieve it, and its consequences. Further, such pragmatic representation may be activated under a variety of conditions in relation to action, either self-intended or perceived from other individuals. Even though this process may have a conscious counterpart (one can consciously generate a mental image), most of its generation occurs at the covert level. One persuasive source of evidence in support of such a view comes from studies using transcranial magnetic stimulation that show that the mere observation of grasping movements results in the specific modulation of motor-evoked potentials.

</doc>
<doc id="19321795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321795" title="Academy of Management Journal">
Academy of Management Journal

The Academy of Management Journal a is peer-reviewed academic journal on management. It is published by the Academy of Management. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal's 2011 impact factor is 5.608, ranking it second in the categories "Management" (out of 166) and "Business" (out of 113). However, in 2012 the journal was also listed as one of the top 10 offenders in a practice called "coercive citation", wherein publishers manipulate their impact factors to artificially boost their academic reputation. The "Academy of Management Journal" is one of the four general management journals that the University of Texas Dallas uses to rank the research productivity of universities. It is on the "Financial Times" list of 45 journals used to rank business schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19321807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321807" title="No Point in Wasting Tears">
No Point in Wasting Tears

No Point in Wasting Tears is the debut album by Ironik and was released on 29 September 2008. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 21 but fell to number 36 in its second week. It was removed from the UK iTunes Store, but subsequently fully re-released on May 11, 2009, following the success of the album's third single, "Tiny Dancer (Hold Me Closer)," which reached number three on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19321820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321820" title="Acta Archaeologica">
Acta Archaeologica

Acta Archaeologica is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering new discoveries of archaeological analysis. The journal is published in English, French, German, and Italian and is published by Denmark.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="19321864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321864" title="Walter Moraes">
Walter Moraes

Walter Moraes (13 November 1934, Catanduva, São Paulo, Brazil – 17 November 1997, Diadema, São Paulo, was a Brazilian jurist, Catholic thinker, professor of the University of São Paulo Faculty of Law, judge at the High Court of São Paulo. Studied in the minor seminary of the Divine Word Missionaries. He married Sonia dos Santos Moraes in 1959, with whom he had two children. Graduated in Law and Philosophy by the University of São Paulo. He began his career as Judge in municipalities of Casa Branca, Quatá and Campos do Jordão. Pioneered many fields of juridical science in Brazil including copyright, inheritance and family law. Reformer of the Brazilian Children's code together with Prof. Antonio Chaves. Important supporter and theorist of the Brazilian pro-life movement. Spoke against legal abortion in his famous conference "The Farce of Legal Abortion", given in the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil on 24 September 1997, less than two months before his death.[http://www.providaanapolis.org.br/wmoraes1.htm][http://groups.google.com.br/group/theotokos/web/arquivos-para-distribuio][http://imagem.camara.gov.br/internet/audio/ResultadoFormal.asp?txtCodigo=09241016][http://www.diocesesantoandre.org.br/v2/web/artigos_det.asp?codigo=91]
Secretary of the Inter-American Copyright Institute [http://www.iidautor.org], director of the "Revista Interamericana de Direito Intelectual" (Inter-American Journal of Intellectual Law), Brazilian correspondent of the European Intellectual Property Review
member of "Societé de Legislation Comparée", "Internationale Gesellschaft für Urheberrecht", "International Association of Family Right and Inheritance", "Instituto dos Advogados de São Paulo" (Lawyer's Institute of São Paulo), "Instituto Brasileiro de Propriedade Intelectual" (Brazilian Copyright Institute). 
Author of many books and articles on adoption law, copyright, Civil Society, Philosophy of Right and abortion: 
"Adoption and Truth" (Adoção e Verdade), "Artists Interpreters and Performers" (Artistas Intérpretes e Executantes), "Strict Civil Society" (Sociedade Civil Estrita), "General Theory of Legitimate Inheritance" (Teoria Geral da Sucessão Legítima), "Thomist Conception of Person" (Concepção Tomista de Pessoa), "The Problem of Judicial Authorization for Abortion" (O problema da autorização judicial para o aborto).

</doc>
<doc id="19321876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321876" title="Acta Biomaterialia">
Acta Biomaterialia

Acta Biomaterialia is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is published on behalf of Acta Materialia, Inc., and is sponsored by ASM International and The Minerals, Metals & Materials Society. The journal was established in January 2005. The editor-in-chief is W.R. Wagner (University of Pittsburgh). The journal covers research in biomaterials science, including the interrelationship of biomaterial structure and function from macroscale to nanoscale. Topical coverage includes biomedical and biocompatible materials.
Formats of publication include original research reports, review papers, and rapid communications ("letters").
Abstracting and indexing.
"Acta Biomaterialia" is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.093.

</doc>
<doc id="19321879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321879" title="Zoltán Adorján">
Zoltán Adorján

Zoltán Adorján (born 15 November 1961 in Debrecen, Hungary) is former international motorcycle speedway rider who appeared in two Speedway World Championship finals and finished third in the World Pairs Championship in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19321905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321905" title="Newspaper endorsements in the United States presidential election, 2008">
Newspaper endorsements in the United States presidential election, 2008

During the 2008 United States presidential election, newspapers, magazines, and other publications made general election endorsements. As of November 4, 2008, Barack Obama had received more than twice as many publication endorsements as John McCain; in terms of circulation, the ratio was more than 3 to 1, according to the detailed tables below.
According to "Editor & Publisher" magazine, as of November 3, 2008, there were 273 newspapers endorsing Barack Obama compared to 172 for John McCain. By comparison, the magazine reported that before election day in 2004, John Kerry received 213 endorsements compared to 205 for George W. Bush.
UWIRE, in its Presidential Scorecard, reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 86 to 2 in college newspaper endorsements, as of November 4.
The Association of Alternative Newsweeklies reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 57 to 0 in endorsements among its 123 member newspapers as of October 31, 2008.
Not endorsing.
The following explicitly chose not to endorse any candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="19321924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321924" title="Yangon Central Railway Station">
Yangon Central Railway Station

Yangon Central Railway Station ( ), located in downtown Yangon, is the largest railway station in Myanmar. It is the gateway to Myanmar Railways' 3,126-mile (5,031 km) rail network whose reach covers Upper Myanmar (Naypyidaw, Mandalay, Shwebo), upcountry (Myitkyina), Shan hills (Taunggyi, Kalaw) and the Taninthayi coast (Mawlamyine, Ye).
The station was first built in 1877 by the British but destroyed by the retreating British in 1943 from advancing Japanese forces. The current station designed in traditional Burmese architectural style, making prominent use of indigenous tiered roofs called "pyatthat", was completed in 1954, designed by U Tin. Yangon Central Railway Station has been designated a landmark building since 1996. In December 2007, the Yangon city government announced a master plan that will relocate Yangon Central to a satellite town, East Dagon, from downtown at an unspecified date.
Lines.
The following lines pass through or terminate at Yangon Central Station:
History.
Yangon Central Railway Station was first built in 1877 by the British to support Burma's first railway line, from Yangon to Pyay. The station was located on the southern side of the railway compound on the upper block of Phayre Street (now Pansodan Street) in the downtown area. The building was designed in the British Victorian style and the access roads were bordered by grassy lawns. The beauty of the property prompted locals to praise the new structure as the Fairy Station.
The station became a favorite target for Japanese bombers during World War II. In 1943 it was destroyed by British forces retreating to India.
The station was rebuilt following the war according to a design drawn by engineer Hla Thwin and based on Burmese traditional architectural styles. The new structure was 5110 square meters (55,000 sq ft) in size. To the north were grass lawns, gardens and wide access lanes. The new design was approved by the Railway Authority on 7 May 1946. Construction was started in January 1947 by engineer Sithu U Tin and completed in May 1954 at a total cost of K4.75 million. The opening ceremony of the new Yangon Central Railway Station was held on 5 June 1954.
The structure is listed on the Yangon City Heritage List.

</doc>
<doc id="19321930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321930" title="Acta Biotheoretica">
Acta Biotheoretica

"Acta Biotheoretica: Mathematical and philosophical foundations of biological and biomedical science" is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the Jan van der Hoeven Society for Theoretical Biology. The editor-in-chief is D.J. Kornet (Leiden University). 
Aims and scope.
The journal's focus is theoretical biology which includes mathematical representation, treatment, and modeling for simulations and quantitative descriptions. The journal's focus also includes the philosophy of biology which emphasizes looking at the methods developed to form biological theory. Topical coverage also includes biomathematics, computational biology, genetics, ecology, and morphology. 
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.950.

</doc>
<doc id="19321946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321946" title="Hillsyde Federation">
Hillsyde Federation

Hillsyde Federation was a sixth form consortium of Forest Hill School, Sedgehill School and Sydenham Schools. Now Forest Hill and Sydenham schools are part of SFH6 consortium

</doc>
<doc id="19321948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321948" title="Vapor-compression desalination">
Vapor-compression desalination

Vapor compression desalination refers to a distillation process where the evaporation of sea or saline water is obtained by the application of heat delivered by compressed vapor. Since compression of the vapor increases both the pressure and temperature of the vapor, it is possible to use the latent heat rejected during condensation to generate additional vapor. The effect of compressing water vapor can be done by two methods.
The first method utilizes an ejector system motivated by steam at manometric pressure from an external source in order to recycle vapor from the desalination process. The form is designated Ejecto or Thermo Compression.
Using the second method, water vapor is compressed by means of a mechanical device, electrically driven in most cases. This form is designated mechanical vapor compression (MVC). The MVC process comprises two different versions: Vapor Compression (VC) and Vacuum Vapor Compression (VVC). VC designates those systems in which the evaporation effect takes place at manometric pressure, and VVC the systems in which evaporation takes place at sub-atmospheric pressures (under vacuum).
The compression is mechanically powered by something such as a compression turbine. As vapor is generated, it is passed over to a heat exchanging condenser which returns the vapor to water. The resulting fresh water is moved to storage while the heat removed during condensation is transmitted to the remaining feedstock. 
The VVC process is the more efficient distillation process available in the market today in terms of energy consumption and water recovery ratio. As the system is electrically driven, it is considered a "clean" process, it is highly reliable and simple to operate and maintain.

</doc>
<doc id="19321950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321950" title="WFWC">
WFWC

WFWC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321972" title="William Trench">
William Trench

William Trench may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19321981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321981" title="Jason Goulet">
Jason Goulet

Jason Goulet (born February 25, 1983 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Arizona Sundogs of the Central Hockey League.
Career.
Goulet played junior hockey in the Western Hockey League for the Saskatoon Blades and the Prince George Cougars. He also played in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League for the Battlefords North Stars. He began his pro career in the ECHL with the Fresno Falcons. He then moved to the Oklahoma City Blazers of the Central Hockey League. He split the 2006-07 season in the ECHL with the Pensacola Ice Pilots and the Cincinnati Cyclones and the American Hockey League with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers. He then split the 2007-08 season with ECHL teams the Bakersfield Condors and the Dayton Bombers. In 2008, Goulet signed with the Basingstoke Bison of the United Kingdom.
On November 29, 2008, Goulet was signed by the newly formed Rapid City Rush of the Central Hockey League (CHL). On that same day he played his first game with his new team - the Rush's inaugural home game and the first professional hockey game in South Dakota sports history. During the game he recorded the first fight in Rush franchise history when he faced off with the Colorado Eagles' Jay Birnie.
In September 2009 Jason was signed by the Quad City Mallards of the International Hockey League.
In the 2010-11 off-season, Jason signed a one-year deal with the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League.
On August 8, 2011 the Arizona Sundogs announced that they had signed Jason to a contract for the 2011-12 season. 
This will be his 10th professional season, his 5th in the Central Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19321984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19321984" title="Field hockey at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Field hockey at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Head coach: 

André Boerstra<br>Henk Bouwman<br>Piet Bromberg<br>Harry Derckx<br>Han Drijver<br>Dick Esser<br>Roepie Kruize<br>Jenne Langhout<br>Dick Loggere<br>Ton Richter<br>Eddy Tiel<br>Wim van Heel
Head coach: Henry Goode as playing manager and Kurt Orban as playing coach
Felix Ucko played in every match a different position.

</doc>
<doc id="19322023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322023" title="Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Frederick of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 27 December 1769 – Dessau, 27 May 1814), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and heir to the principality (and from 1807 the duchy) of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the only surviving child of Leopold III, Prince and later Duke of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Louise, daughter of Frederick Henry, Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt. His only sibling, a sister born on 11 February 1768, was either stillborn or died shortly after her birth.
Life.
In 1786 he joined to the Prussian army, where he later obtained the rank of "Generalfeldmarschall". In 1805 he contracted to build Kühnauer Park.
Frederick died three years before his father, thus never inherited Anhalt-Dessau. His place as Leopold III's heir was taken by his older son Leopold Frederick, who succeeded his grandfather in 1817 with the name Leopold IV.
Marriage and issue.
In Bad Homburg vor der Höhe on 12 June 1792 Frederick married Landgravine Amalie of Hesse-Homburg (b. Homburg, 29 June 1774 - d. Dessau, 3 February 1846), daughter of Frederick V, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg. They had seven children:
Connection with Mozart.
The text of the German song "Des kleinen Friedrichs Geburtstag", K. 529, by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, was originally written in 1778 by the poet Johann Eberhard Driedrich Schall to commemorate the ninth birthday of the Hereditary Prince Frederick. It is unknown how Mozart came across this text or why he chose to set it in Prague in 1787. All that is known is that it was entered into his own catalog of musical compositions as a completed work on 6 November 1787.

</doc>
<doc id="19322064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322064" title="McVickar House">
McVickar House

The McVickar House is located on Main Street in Irvington, New York, United States. It is a wooden frame house built in the middle of the 19th century in the Greek Revival architectural style with some Picturesque decorative touches added later. In 2004 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It was built by John McVickar, an Episcopalian minister who moved to the area to be close to his friend Washington Irving and establish a school, which later became the nearby Church of St. Barnabas. His son, the church's first pastor, lived in the house. It is the second oldest house on the village's Main Street.
Eventually it became the property of Consolidated Edison, the regional electric utility, which still runs a small facility in the backyard. It was rented out until the 1990s. Today, after extensive restoration, it is home to the Irvington Historical Society. It operates the house both as its offices and a museum whose exhibits include a section of the first transatlantic telegraph cable.
Building.
The house is located on the north side of Main Street between North Broadway (U.S. Route 9) and Dearman Street. Surrounding buildings are generally commercial buildings of a similar scale from the 20th century. To the north is the Church of St. Barnabas, also listed on the Register. Further down Main Street, which slopes west toward the Hudson River, are two other properties listed on the Register. The trailway over the Old Croton Aqueduct, a National Historic Landmark, intersects Main two blocks to the west. On the next block, at the corner of Main and North Ferris Street, is Irvington Town Hall, still the village's municipal building. Main and portions of its adjoining streets have been proposed for a future historic district.
The lot on which the house stands is in size. At its rear is an electrical substation that is not included in the Register listing. A small garden, set off from the sidewalk by a metal railing, is located at the street, next to the front steps on the west side.
The house itself is a two-and-a-half-story three-by-two-bay wood frame structure on a raised fieldstone foundation, allowing for an English basement at the front. It is sided in the original clapboard and topped with a side-gabled metal roof. A single brick chimney pierces it at the east end.
Wooden steps with decorative wooden railings of solid wood panels pierced by saw-cut quatrefoils climb to the hip-roofed porch which runs the length of the first story on the south (front) facade. Immediately east of them another set of steps leads down to the English basement, currently occupied by a small clothing store. The porch roof is supported by square pillars with knee braces at the top and a molded cornice. At the deck, a baluster similar to those on the steps up to the porch connects the pillars.
All windows are six-over-six double-hung sash. Those on the front are flanked by louvered shutters. On the northwest corner is an enclosed smaller porch supported by square columns with simple pedestals and capitals. The overhanging eaves of the rooflines are decorated with saw-cut vergeboards.
A paneled wooden door inside an entry with architrave, transom and sidelights in the westernmost bay leads to an entrance hall. The interior has been remodeled but retains some original features, most notably the staircase in that entrance hall. It has a turned mahogany newel post, round railing, and turned balusters.
In the front parlor the fireplace has its original wooden mantelpiece and chimney breast. The rear has been reconfigured, with some doors and walls removed. Upstairs is another original newel post, and some of the original lath and plaster on the walls. The basement has also been modified, but may have contained the original kitchen and dining room.
History.
After a lengthy career in the Episcopal Church as a military chaplain and two-time acting president of Columbia University, where he taught the first course on political economy (the discipline now known as economics) in the U.S., The Rev. John McVickar retired to what was then known as Dearman in 1852 and built the house. His goal was to establish a chapel school he had long envsioned, with help from his friends Washington Irving, who lived at the nearby Sunnyside estate, and John Jay. It was established on a parcel just north of where the house is now.
McVickar persuaded his son William to come to Dearman to preside over the school. It did not last long, eventually moving north up the Hudson Valley and becoming the root of what is today Bard College. McVickar stayed as the rector of what was now the Church of St. Barnabas. He lived in the Greek Revival house his father had built until the current rectory at St. Barnabas was built.
At some point around William McVickar's death in 1868 the Picturesque detail was added to the original design. This was in keeping with trends of the time, particularly in the Hudson Valley, where the influence of Andrew Jackson Downing remained strong even after his death around the time John McVickar had taken up residence. As a result of the combination of Greek Revival form and plan with the Picturesque decoration, the house has a unique and distinct Victorian quality to it.
William McVickar's daughters inherited the house from him. They sold it to their brother John a few months later, and he in turn sold it to a local grocer in 1870. It passed through a few other owners until 1957, when Consolidated Edison, the electric utility that serves Westchester County as well as New York City, bought the house in order to build the substation in the rear. They subdivided the house's interior and rented it out to various tenants through 1992.
After that time the house grew neglected. It had had asbestos composite shingles placed over its clapboard siding and asphalt shingles on its roof. In the early 2000s its historic potential was recognized and it was restored in order to serve as home to the Irvington Historical Society. Con Ed sold the house to the village. The work cost a half million dollars, and included a new roof, siding, windows, heating and plumbing. 
The Society moved in in 2005 when the work was done. The basement became a children's center and the first story the main exhibit hall. Upstairs the rooms are used for office space, storage and work.
Among the items in the permanent collection are a section of the first transatlantic telegraph cable, donated by the family of its builder, Cyrus West Field, who died in Irvington. Past exhibits have been devoted to household chores and collectibles. The museum is open two afternoons a week.

</doc>
<doc id="19322100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322100" title="Mitsutaka Fujita">
Mitsutaka Fujita

graphene zigzag edges. Also, he theoretically pointed out the importance and
peculiarity of nanoscale and edge shape effects in nanographene. The
graphene nanoribbons was theoretically introduced by him and his research group
to study the nanoscale effect of graphene. He had been an associate professor in the Tsukuba University, and died by subarachnoid hemorrhage on March 18, 1998. His posthumous name is in Japanese.
Awards.
After his death, the original paper of graphene edge state and graphene nanoribbons was
awarded the JPS Best Paper Award on March 2003 from the Physical Society of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19322120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322120" title="Efferia aestuans">
Efferia aestuans

E. aestuans is a member of the Asilidae family. It ranges from Ontario and New Hampshire south into Florida and New Mexico. It was originally described as "Asilus aestuans" in Carl Linnaeus' 1763 work "Centuria Insectorum".
It reaches a body length of 18 mm in males and 23 mm in females.

</doc>
<doc id="19322121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322121" title="Into the Unknown">
Into the Unknown

Into the Unknown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19322123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322123" title="Baltimore Trauma">
Baltimore Trauma

The Baltimore Trauma was a pro paintball team. They competed from 2000 till 2007 when they disbanded due to team member issues, including a poor 2007 season and sponsorship issues. Core members include Rob Staudinger, Tyler Humphrey, Justin “Duder” Summers, Dave Fason, Dave “Opie” Thomas.
Team History.
The team that would eventually be known as the Baltimore Trauma originated as two five-man teams; Flipmode, originally from Raleigh, North Carolina and Mayhem, based in Greensboro, North Carolina. Both teams played in the Carolina Field Operators Association, or CFOA. In 2000 Tyler Humphrey and Rob Staudinger decided to merge the teams to compete in the NPPL 10-man events.
In 2001 the team picked up Rob Staudinger and Opie Thomas from the recently dismantled team Image. After their 2002 World Cup Victory, the team was invited to join the pro ranks of the NXL.
List of Accomplishments.
2000.
NPPL World Cup 5th Place Novice
2001.
NPPL LA 5th Place Am-B
NPPL Gettysburg 3rd Place Am-B
NPPL Chicago 4th Place Am-A
NPPL Atlantic City 2nd Place Am-A
NPPL World Cup 1st Place Am-A
2002.
NPPL LA 1st Place Am-A
NPPL Las Vegas 1st Place Am-A
NPPL Chicago 1st Place Am-A
NPPL Atlantic City 1st Place Am-A
NPPL World Cup 1st Place Am-A
2003.
NXL 5th Place overall Regular Season
2004.
NXL Eastern Conference Champions
NXL 2nd Place overall Regular Season
2005.
NXL 2005 NXL Champions
2006.
NXL Texas 2nd Place
NXL Intercontinental Cup 1st Place
NXL World Cup 4th Place

</doc>
<doc id="19322132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322132" title="Wendi Knight">
Wendi Knight

Wendi Knight (born in Fort Worth, Texas, United States) is a former pornographic film producer, pornographic film director (active from 2003-2009), and pornographic actress (retired from performing around 2006).
Knight began performing in adult films around 1997. In 2003, she made her directorial debut with "Grand Theft Anal". She has since directed the movies in the "Grand Theft Anal", "Strip Tease Then Fuck", and "Wet Dreams Cum True" series under contract with Zero Tolerance Entertainment. In the 2005 mainstream movie "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", Steve Carell's character receives a box of porn containing a number of Zero Tolerance's movies, including "Grand Theft Anal".
Knight appeared on the Howard Stern show on July 17, 1999. She is married to the President and Founder of Zero Tolerance, Greg Alves.

</doc>
<doc id="19322136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322136" title="Laarni Lozada">
Laarni Lozada

Laarni Lozada (born Laarni Losala on June 23, 1985) is a Filipino pop, ballad, classical, and soul singer. She is the winner of Pinoy Dream Academy (Season 2), Philippine franchise of Endemol's "Star Academy "garnering more than 100,000 votes over the votes obtained by her closest contender Bugoy Drillon.
Biography.
Early life.
Laarni was born in Pasig City to William and Nita Losala. The family moved to Isulan, Sultan Kudarat later on. She has six siblings.
Laarni was a consistent honor student from elementary to high school. When she was in Grade five, she worked at the local public market and at the family farm. When she was 15, she left Isulan for Manila. to pursue her education. An aunt from the US supported her in her studies at the School of Music of the Philippine Women's University. However, she decided to shift course from AB Music to BS Education, Major in English, when she realized that most of the music students in the school were from the upper strata of society. She feared that she lacked the eloquence to be part of that kind of milieu. Her musical talent, however, paved the way for her to become a university scholar while working as a student assistant of the school.
Laarni sang both for passion and for a living. She sang in different social functions, particularly in weddings, joined singing competitions, and accepted guestings. She became a runner-up in the now-defunct "Sing Galing" of ABC5. She won the Rotary Club Intercollegiate/University singing contest, besting 25 other contestants from different schools in Manila by rendering the patriotic anthem "Dakilang Lahi". She also won the National Grand Finals of the "Campus Idol" search by her rendition of "What Kind of Fool Am I?"
Laarni also joined the PWU Church chorale, the Ambassadors of Light, and the Malate Church Chorale. When she became part of the Coro de San Sebastian, she got the opportunity to sing together with said choral group with the Philippine Madrigal Singers in a Madrigal et al. concert.
At 16 years old, Laarni sang at the Calesa Bar, she had the opportunity to get musical pointers from the bar's musical director, Rudy Francisco.
Her musical influences include Celine Dion, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Charlotte Church, Regine Velasquez, Sheryn Regis, Lea Salonga, Lani Misalucha, Charice Pempengco, Sarah Geronimo, Gary Valenciano, Martin Nievera and Jed Madela.
Education.
She graduated from Philippine Women's University in Taft Manila with a degree of Bachelor of Arts, Major in Secondary Education.
"Pinoy Dream Academy".
Upon learning about new season of Pinoy Dream Academy, Laarni decided to audition. An inspirational song, "Lead Me Lord, " earned for her the 15th slot after a long process of elimination.
After 13 weeks in the academy, Laarni was hailed the Grand Star Dreamer on September 14, 2008 at the Cuneta Astrodome. At the end of the show's two-night finale, she garnered 651,696 votes (100% of the total votes).
On October 9, 2008, she and Phillip Nolasco, Little Grand Star Dreamer, received the keys to their new houses in Binangonan, Rizal and one million pesos as their prize for winning the competition.
Career.
Laarni's Grand Star Dreamer title has earned her a place in the stable of talents of ABS-CBN. She has made appearances in many programs, especially in Boy & Kris where she has guested four times already in a span of three weeks. On the Cory Aquino special of the said show, fellow scholar, Hansen, confessed that Laarni has a crush on fellow ASAP '09 singer, Jed Madela who she had a duet with in the Academy. Other guestings include gameshows like The Singing Bee, Wowowee and Pilipinas, Game KNB?; and talk shows like Umagang Kay Ganda, The Buzz, Entertainment Live, and even Sharon. She has also guested in the Little Grand Dream Night of 
Her first single, "Manalig Ka", was written by Ryan Cayabyab. It is included in the Top 10 scholar's album, namely "Scholar's Sing Cayabyab". The album "Scholar's Sing Cayabyab" has been certified with a gold award.
On September 30, 2008, Laarni signed her very first recording contract with ABS-CBN and Star Records. With all new compositions, she is set to release an album in the near future.
She released her self-titled debut album "Laarni Lozada",spawning the hit single "Kung Iniibig Ka Niya" which was penned by one of the most prolific hit makers in the Philippines Vehnee Saturno. The song "Kung Iniibig Ka Niya" is the theme song of the latest ABS-CBN soap opera entitled "Kambal Sa Uma". Her second single, a revival of the hit song "Bakit Nga Ba Mahal Kita" which was originally sung by Roselle Nava is the theme song the ABS-CBN Precious Hearts Romances series entitled Alyna .
She was also handpicked by Gary Valenciano to sing a duet of his hit song "Narito" at his anniversary concert "Gary at 25" at the Araneta Coliseum and later on joined Gary Valenciano with Rachelle Ann Go and Karylle for his hit song "Each Passing Night". The concert is set to be released as a DVD.
Laarni Lozada is currently under Backroom Inc., the talent management and booking office of Mr. Boy Abunda. 
Laarni is currently preparing to take part in the Star Magic World Tour, which would bring her the US, Canada and Dubai together with the biggest stars of ABS-CBN's talent arm, Star Magic.
Laarni is the endorser of Belo, Black Beauty Shampoo and Dibuho Clothing Apparel.
Laarni can be seen as a semi-regular artist on ASAP.
Voice.
Laarni's voice is classified as a dramatic soprano verging on coloratura. She can effortlessly shift from classical/opera music to power ballads. Laarni is also known for her versatility when it comes to her mastery of different genres. Laarni can sing operatic arias, jazz, standards, bossa nova, rock songs, pop/dance songs, R&B songs, kundiman and power ballads.

</doc>
<doc id="19322178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322178" title="Erasmus (song)">
Erasmus (song)

"Erasmus" is the first single from the album Dilettantes by Australian rock band You Am I, their eighth studio album.
It was released as a download only single on iTunes on 6 September 2008.
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Rogers.
"Dilettantes" is the same version as is on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19322181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322181" title="Church of St. Barnabas">
Church of St. Barnabas

The Church of St. Barnabas is an Episcopal house of worship in Irvington, New York, United States. It is a stone Gothic Revival structure whose oldest sections date to the mid-19th century, with several expansions undertaken since then. 
The reputedly haunted church complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
At first the church was a small chapel modeled on St Martin's Church in Canterbury, the oldest church in continuous use in England. It was part of a school, but after six years that was abandoned and it became a parish church. An expansion into the present structure a decade later was designed by the firm of architect James Renwick, Jr.. Among its members have been Washington Irving, Philip Schuyler and Jay Gould, all of whom lived in the area.
Since its construction it has been expanded several times. Most additions have been either sympathetic to the original architecture or unobtrusive. Its congregation plays a major role in the Irvington community, sponsoring several local programs including the village's only day care center.
Buildings and grounds.
The church occupies a lot on the west side of North Broadway (U.S. Route 9) just north of the intersection with Irvington's Main Street. To its north is a 19th-century Presbyterian church. On the south are properties along the north side of Main Street, a mix of commercial and residential buildings, including the McVickar House, also listed on the Register and currently home to the Irvington Historical Society. Across the street is a modern residential development; on the west the church property is bounded by the trailway along the route of the Old Croton Aqueduct, a linear National Historic Landmark.
A driveway leads into the property from North Broadway, opening into a large annular parking area just northeast of the main church building, where it meets a walkway from a lych gate along Broadway. The parish house extends from its north side, to the west of the parking area. A modern garage is attached to its west. South of the church is the rectory. All buildings on the property except the garage, and the lychgate, are considered contributing resources to the church's historic character.
To the west of the garage is a small playground, amidst a broader lawn. Tall mature trees shade the buildings and line the edges of the property. The terrain slopes gently west, towards the Hudson River.
Church.
The main church building incorporates the original chapel built on the site. It is an asymmetrical one-story building on a partial basement with granite walls topped by a gabled slate roof. The lancet arched windows have limestone molding and tracery, while the tower and buttresses are trimed with bluestone coping.
At the center is a 55-foot-tall () square crenelated tower with a louvered vent on all four sides between two bluestone courses and flat roof. On its southeast corner is a smaller, round tower with a conical roof. The church's two entrances are located on a side aisle on the north; there is a small chapel at the west end.
Inside the sanctuary, the floor is mosaic. Plaster walls and ceilings are complemented by dark wood tongue and groove wainscoting and exposed trusses. It is illuminated by 15 stained glass windows.
Like the church, the parish hall wing is a one-and-a-half granite structure with Gothic detail and a gabled roof. However, it is sheathed in asphalt shingles rather than slate. Inside it has a large meeting room with original woodwork. 
The modern office wing that connects the parish hall to the church has vertical wood siding, large casement windows and a flat roof. The modern classroom extension to the west of the parish hall has a similar treatment. Both of these elements are sited so as to be unobtrusive from the street.
Rectory and lych gate.
South of the church, the rectory is a granite structure with a slate roof. Later additions include a front piazza and a rear wing sided in clapboard and roofed in asphalt. Its interior retains some of its original woodwork and layout, although it has been remodeled several times. A modern garage, the only non-contributing resource on the property, is adjacent.
The smallest historic resource on the property is the lych gate. Framing the view of the church from Broadway, it is also a granite and limestone structure with a slate roof and wooden Gothic detail. Atop is a gabled clock and copper finials.
History.
St. Barnabas began as a school. The Rev. John McVickar, a friend of early American author Washington Irving, bought the where the church is presently located in order to be closer to Irving's estate, Sunnyside, a National Historic Landmark (NHL). The two frequently spent evenings on Irving's veranda watching the sun set across the Hudson, and during their conversations came up with the idea to establish a school and chapel on the property. Irving contributed some of the money while the rest came from descendants of the state's Revolutionary-era notables such as John Jay, Alexander Hamilton, and Trinity Church in Manhattan.
McVickar took responsibility for the design. He had studied church architecture since the early years of the 19th century, which had led him to believe that the key aspect of a beautiful church was its proportions rather than its materials. He is said to have based the building on St Martin's Church in Canterbury, a 6th-century structure that is the oldest church in continuous use in England and today a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is likely that he designed the rectory as well, since a drawing of it from the time shows its basic rectangular form and Gothic detail. It was dedicated on June 2, 1853, St. Barnabas Day.
In 1858 it was decided to abandon the school and establish the chapel as a parish within the Episcopal Church, the first in the village, whose residents of that denomination had previously worshipped at Christ Episcopal Church in Tarrytown to the north. McVickar's son William, who had been a missionary to the village and rector of Zion Church in Dobbs Ferry, was appointed the first pastor. His father built a house for him near the church on what is today Irvington's Main Street. The original chapel sufficed for the congregation initially.
But by 1863 it had gotten too small. Renwick & Sands, the firm of James Renwick Jr., who had already designed New York City's Grace Church and St. Patrick's Cathedral, as well as the Smithsonian Institution in Washington and the Main Building at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie further up the Hudson Valley, all today NHLs, received the commission. At the time the firm was busy completing St. Patrick's. Two of its other commissions of the time, Riverdale Presbyterian Church and the William E. Dodge House, both located in the Bronx and also listed on the Register, share similar stonework, steep roofs and arched windows, but little else, with St. Barnabas.
The expansion added the tower, transept and chancel to the original building, which today survives as the nave. In the basement some of its framing, including whole logs, is still visible. The expansion of the property under the church's control continued when the McVickar family donated the rectory and its land to the church in 1876. Its piazza was reportedly added in 1889. Jay Gould, whose Lyndhurst estate, another NHL, is located north of Sunnyside, donated the remaining land the following year.
Over time the stained glass windows were added from different makers, including the first of two Tiffany windows, in 1896. Three years later the lych gate was built, and the parish hall added in 1902. The latter was designed by local architect Albert J. Manning, who also built Irvington's nearby village hall, in the more current Collegiate Gothic style. All were meant to be architecturally consistent with the church.
Another, smaller expansion in 1906 added electric lighting. That year the church hosted a major event, the funeral of Irvington resident, Gen. Phillip Schuyler. The grandson of the Revolutionary War general of the same name, Schuyler had attained the rank of brigadier general during the Civil War with the Army of the Potomac. While on a hunting trip late in 1906, he was killed in the same train accident that took the life of Samuel Spencer, president of the Southern Railway.
He had lived in nearby Ardsley-on-Hudson after retiring from a long business career, and worshipped at St. Barnabas. Due to the Schuyler family's prominence within the state, the funeral drew many notable attendees. A special train from the city carried 200 friends, representing many of its esteemed organizations and institutions. J. P. Morgan came on his own train with private car and special locomotive. Joseph Choate and Ogden Mills were also in attendance. The crowd was larger than the church could hold.
Changes to the church continued. In 1924 the parish hall's basement was equipped with a bowling alley and rifle range, leading to heavy use by the local Boy Scouts and Irvington's police department. The next addition was the Luke Memorial Chapel on the north side of the church, designed by Delano & Aldrich and built in 1945. The office and Sunday school wings, the latter connecting the parish hall to the church, completed the current complex in the 1960s.
Reputed ghosts.
There have been claims that the ghosts of some previous occupants haunt the building. One occupant matched a photo of one former member of a 19th-century pastor's family to a woman she frequently saw sitting in a rocking chair, knitting. In 2000, several workers installing a new organ left the church in rush after seeing an apparition in the sanctuary. It was believed by some members of the church to be the ghost of William McVickar.
Beliefs and programs.
St. Barnabas is part of the Episcopal Diocese of New York. It describes itself as "a Christian community that seeks to serve Christ in all persons, loving our neighbors as ourselves". Baptism is the only requirement for full membership. The current rector, The Rev. Nora Smith, is the 13th to hold the position. She is an Irvington native who entered the ministry after a 20-year career in fashion footwear. Her assistant is The Rev. Lindsay Lunnum. 
The church holds two services every Sunday. The earlier service uses the "Book of Common Prayer"'s more formal and traditional Rite I. The later one, the only one held during the summer months, uses Rite II and includes music from the choir and pipe organ. Special services are also held on Holy Days.
Among its programs are children and youth ministries; the former runs the church's Sunday school, nursery and children's choir programs. The youth group meets monthly; its members go on field trips and play roles in the church's Christmas pageant and on St. Barnabas Day.
The church sponsors, and takes part in, a wide range of community outreach activities. It runs an annual clothing and thrift sale to benefit various local non-profit organizations such as Habitat for Humanity and Boys and Girls Clubs of Northern Westchester. The Irvington Children's Center, the village's only day care center, is run out of the church (but independent of it). Local chapters of Alcoholics Anonymous, Al-anon and Families Anonymous meet in the church. Member collect non-perishable food and disposable diapers for two local food pantries.

</doc>
<doc id="19322212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322212" title="Dawntreader">
Dawntreader

"This page is about the Canadian indie rock band. For the novel by C.S. Lewis, see The Voyage of the Dawn Treader."
Dawntreader is a Canadian Indie rock band formed in Vancouver, British Columbia, that has been the opening act for Stabilo, Starflyer 59 and In Medias Res. They are frequently played on CBC Radio 3 in the Lower-mainland and cite their influences as Björk, Radiohead, The Cure, Doves and U2.
Discography.
Thoughts Of An Exile.
Track listing
Santa Fe Stalker.
Track listing
Members.
Current.
Matthew Thomas - vocals, guitar <br>
Colin Bales - bass, vocals <br>
Ryan Worsley - guitar <br>
Joel Willoughby - drums
Former.
Matt Laforest - drums <br>
Chris Hiebert - drums <br>
JR Skinner - keyboards
Ben Eadie - guitar
Jordan Eadie - drums
Brian Miller - drums

</doc>
<doc id="19322221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322221" title="Cyrinda Foxe">
Cyrinda Foxe

Cyrinda Foxe (February 22, 1952 – September 7, 2002) was an American actress, model and publicist, best known for her role in "Andy Warhol's Bad". She was married to both David Johansen, of the New York Dolls, and Steven Tyler, of the rock band Aerosmith.
Early life.
Foxe was born Katheleen Victoria Hetzekian in Santa Monica, California, to an Armenian family. She grew up as an army brat in an abusive household. After graduating high school, she lived in Texas briefly before settling in New York City, where she got a job working as an assistant to Greta Garbo. She later changed her name and began frequenting Max's Kansas City, the famous nightclub, and became an actress.
Career.
Foxe is best known for her role in Andy Warhol's "Bad" (1977). Foxe had an affair with David Bowie, while working as a publicist for MainMan Artistes LTD, Bowie's management company. She also appeared in the music video for Bowie's 1973 single, "The Jean Genie".
Foxe was described as being "bright, very magnetic," and having "an effervescence about her." And that "she was very much a character of her own creation."
Foxe grew up idolizing the Rolling Stones. She later became involved with the New York Dolls, a protopunk band often compared to the Stones. In 1977, after years of dating, Cyrinda married David Johansen, the singer for the New York Dolls. It was while Foxe was married to Johansen that she met Aerosmith's lead singer, Steven Tyler.
After less than a year of marriage to Johansen, Foxe left him for Steven Tyler. Foxe and Tyler married and had a daughter, Mia, but the marriage was troubled by drug addiction, extramarital affairs, and physical and emotional abuse. Foxe and Tyler divorced shortly before Aerosmith made a comeback in the late 1980s. She raised Mia in Sunapee, New Hampshire and New York City.
Personal life.
In 1997, Foxe's memoir, "Dream On: Livin' on the Edge with Steven Tyler and Aerosmith", co-written with Danny Fields, was published. Not long after the book was released, Foxe announced that the paperback edition of "Dream On" would include nude photos of Steven Tyler, but Tyler won a lawsuit in 1999, preventing Foxe from publishing the photos. In 2000, she launched a web site in which she was selling nude pictures of Tyler, but by the end of the year, the site closed.
Death.
In 2001, Foxe had a mild stroke. She received Medicare and food stamps as she had no apartment or place to live. Myra Freidman organized a benefit at CBGB to raise money for Foxe. Embarrassed by Foxe's poverty, Steven Tyler met with her and their daughter Mia at Balthazar, later donating a signed Aerosmith guitar to the benefit, which sold for $5000. David Bowie also donated an acoustic guitar. Tyler agreed to pay for a room for Cyrinda at the Gramercy Park Hotel where on August 28, 2002, she married musician Keith Waa.
Foxe died from an inoperable brain tumor on September 7, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19322238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322238" title="KHdRecord">
KHdRecord

KHdRecord is an open source application with graphical user interface for linux, which can record from the audio-input of the computer directly to mp3, ogg and wav. The application can be used for digitalization of audios. With the possibility to encode to compressed audio-files, it is possible to record many hours without interruption also on a small disk. It can be configured bitrate, time of record, level of record, and to split the record to many files. It is needed a qualitative recording sound card.

</doc>
<doc id="19322252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322252" title="Nəsimi">
Nəsimi

Nəsimi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19322281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322281" title="Haruka Sunada">
Haruka Sunada

Haruka Sunada (砂田 遙 "Sunada Haruka", born 18 April 1988) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for PFU BlueCats.

</doc>
<doc id="19322308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322308" title="Every Scene Needs a Center">
Every Scene Needs a Center

Every Scene Needs A Center is the fifth studio album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. Arguably, the band’s most ambitious album, "Every Scene Needs A Center" ranges from punky bursts to mid-tempo near-ballads. The band spent over a year working on the mini-epic album, splitting time between a professional recording studio and their own studio, recording entirely on analog tape. The album reached #29 on the CMJ Top 200 chart in 2007.
Track listing.
"All tracks by Tullycraft except where noted."
Other useage.
In 2010 the song “The Punks Are Writing Love Songs” appeared in an episode of the CBS television series "The Good Wife".

</doc>
<doc id="19322334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322334" title="Pimp (disambiguation)">
Pimp (disambiguation)

A pimp is someone who finds and manages clients for prostitutes and engages them in prostitution in order to profit from their earnings.
Pimp may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19322335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322335" title="Night Sky Mine">
Night Sky Mine

Night Sky Mine is a 1997 science fiction novel by Melissa Scott set in a future after computer programs have run amok. After the Crash, an interface has been created that portrays programs as various floral, faunal and mythological species, depending on the characteristics of the program. Scott explores this interface between human society and cyberspace, both as a plot device and as back drop for the story.
Ista Kelly was the sole survivor of a pirate raid on a Night Sky mining platform that was searching a remote region of space for useful gases. Now a teenager, she is apprenticed to become a hypothecary with the tools and skills to explore and harvest the hammals, floral and faunal programs of cyberspace. She must navigate the complex relationships among Company, Union, and merchant Travellers as she becomes enmeshed in an undercover operation that could hold the keys to her identity and the mysterious happenings on the computer Net.

</doc>
<doc id="19322365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322365" title="John G. Jackson (writer)">
John G. Jackson (writer)

__NOTOC__
John Glover Jackson (April 1, 1907 – October 13, 1993) was a Pan-Africanist historian, lecturer, teacher and writer. He promoted ideas of Afrocentrism, and Jesus Christ in comparative mythology.
Biography.
Jackson was born in Aiken, South Carolina on April 1, 1907 and raised Methodist. At the age of 15 he moved to Harlem, New York, where he enrolled in Stuyvesant High School. During this time, he became interested in African-American history and culture and began writing essays on the subject. They were so impressive that in 1925, while still a high school student, Jackson was invited to write for Marcus Garvey's newspaper, "Negro World".
From 1930 onwards, Jackson became associated with a number of Pan-African historians, activists and writers, including Hubert Harrison, Arturo Alfonso Schomburg, John Henrik Clarke, Willis Nathaniel Huggins and Joel Augustus Rogers. He also authored a number of books on African history, promoting a Pan-African and Afrocentrist view, such as "Man, God, and Civilization" (1972) and "Introduction to African Civilizations" (1974). He also became interested in the idea of Christianity's origins in the Egyptian religion. A staunch atheist, he authored a number of books on the idea, including "The African Origin of Christianity" (1981) and "Christianity before Christ" (1985), as well as writing the foreword to "Gerald Massey's Lectures" (1974). He also wrote the controversial text, "Was Jesus Christ a Negro?" (1984), which argued that Jesus may have been a black man. In 1987, Jackson wrote a biographical article about Hubert Harrison for American Atheists entitled "Hubert Henry Harrison: The Black Socrates". In it, he praised not only Harrison's agnostic atheism, but also his educational and civil rights achievements. It was later published as a seven-page pamphlet. 
During his life, Jackson also served as Associate Director of the Blyden Society and lectured at many colleges and universities throughout the United States. He died on 13 October 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19322385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322385" title="Hubertus Ernst">
Hubertus Ernst

Hubertus Ernst (born 8 April 1917) is a Dutch prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is currently one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops and one of oldest Dutch bishops. He was born in Breda.
Life.
Ernst had his seminary years in the Diocese of Breda and was ordained a priest on 7 June 1941. Later he taught moral theology at the diocesan seminary although he never went to a university or any school for further theological training. He is however still considered to be a well-respected intellectual and theologian.
Ernst, at the time vicar-general of the Diocese of Breda, was appointed bishop of the same Diocese on 3 November 1967 after the sudden and untimely death of his predecessor, Gerardus Henricus De Vet; he was ordained bishop by Cardinal Bernard Alfrink on 17 December the same year. He remained bishop of the Diocese of Breda until retirement on 6 May 1992. He stayed on running the Diocese, however, as an Apostolic Administrator for another two and a half years which is a remarkably long period.
Ernst himself consecrated his successor, Martinus Petrus Maria Muskens in 1994, and was in 2007 - still in good shape - also Co-Consecrator when the latter resigned and consecrated the current dignitary Hans van den Hende.
Pax Christi.
In 1976 the Dutch Catholic Peace Movement, Pax Christi, asked Ernst to be the next President of its organisation, becoming Alfrink's successor. Ernst, former Professor of Moral Theology at the Diocesan Seminary, had always cherished strong views on for instance nuclear pacifism. Even after his retirement as a Bishop and after the end of his Presidency at Pax Christi he spoke vehemently out against President George W. Bush's War on Terror. In his opinion such views contradicted the moral teaching of the Catholic Church as said in § 112 of the Encyclical Pacem in Terris of Pope John XXIII.

</doc>
<doc id="19322465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322465" title="The Rod of Seven Parts">
The Rod of Seven Parts

The Rod of Seven Parts is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1996.
Contents.
"The Rod of Seven Parts" details the history of the magical artifact known as the Rod of Seven Parts (including the Queen of Chaos, Miska the Wolf-Spider, and the Wind Dukes of Aaqa), and includes an adventure.
Publication history.
"The Rod of Seven Parts" was written by Skip Williams, and published by TSR, Inc. in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19322554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322554" title="Ferrari F430 Challenge">
Ferrari F430 Challenge

The Ferrari F430 Challenge is a production-based race car built by Ferrari. The car is directly based on the standard F430 and uses the same 4.3L V8 engine. It was introduced at the 2005 Frankfurt Motor Show, and is built to compete in the Ferrari Challenge series and the Rolex Sports Car Series, replacing the Ferrari 360 Challenge since 2007 in that regard.
Overview.
The F430 Challenge is a non-road legal variant of the road-going Ferrari F430, its been extensively modified by Ferrari to boost its on circuit performance with extensive weight reduction and suspension changes. Just like in previous Ferrari Challenge cars the engine has largely remained the same as on the production road cars except for some enhanced breathing by means of a racing exhaust system and some engine management tweaks and fine blueprinting. Furthermore the body styling has received very few styling changes with the Formula One inspired single central nut (slick shod) BBS wheels hiding enormous carbon brakes. 
The transmission is derived from Ferrari's Formula One program, and offers the same 150 ms shift times as in the standard Ferrari F430 with no option of a manual H-gate gearshift. Fifth and sixth gears have been tweaked, as well as the final drive ratio, specifically for the Challenge car. Weight saving efforts have affected all areas of the car, the most noticeable of which being the cockpit. Inside, the F430 Challenge has no carpets or sound deadening, no stereo, and the standard leather seats have been replaced with ultra light FIA approved carbon racing seats. A lifeline snap off boss allows the alcantara steering wheel to be removed from the car to aid entry and exit to the cockpit. The race wheel replacing the standard cars airbag equipped road car wheel. It also has buttons for pit radio, and for interfacing with the digital instrument display. A full roll cage and 6 point racing harnesses are also present in the cockpit along with super light carbon door panels and Lexan front, side and rear windows replacing all road car glass. The characteristics of the car have been retained from the standard gearbox's "Race" mode. Traction control is permanently disengaged, along with the stability system. The car does retain ABS and ASR though. The racing modifications are present in most all of the components, with the E-Differential being replaced by a mechanical one, and the suspension settings modified for racing.
Performance.
The engine is the same 90° 4.3 liter V8 as in the standard F430. The output remains the same at , as well as the torque at . The engine is equipped with Double Overhead Camshafts and contains 4 valves per cylinder. The engine is, and always has been, naturally aspirated. The engine is mounted behind the cockpit, and faces longitudinally (along the length of the car). 
The transmission is the 6-speed, paddle operated, sequential manual found in the F430. The transmission uses Formula One technology and can shift gears in 150 ms. The brakes use carbon ceramic material, which is very resistant to brake fade. Both front and rear suspension use double wishbones and anti-roll bars. The exhaust system is updated for the Challenge car, placing the outlet ports higher in the back of the car. The back also includes a new grille to help with drawing heat out of the engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19322556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322556" title="List of MAX Light Rail stations">
List of MAX Light Rail stations

Metropolitan Area Express (MAX) is a light rail transit system serving the Portland metropolitan area. The system is operated by TriMet, a public agency that operates public transit in the Portland area. Serving an average of 130,000 passengers a day (in Fiscal Year 2012), MAX Light Rail is one of the largest light rail systems in the United States in terms of ridership.
The MAX system currently consists of four lines, each designated by a color.
MAX Light Rail began service on September 5, 1986 with the opening of the original segment from Downtown Portland to Gresham. An extension westward to Beaverton and Hillsboro opened in 1998. The resulting 33-mile east-west line has always been operated as a single through route, and it became known as the Blue Line in 2001, after TriMet adopted color designations for its separate light rail routes after the Red Line opened to the airport. The Yellow Line branch to the Expo Center opened in 2004. In 2009, the Green Line opened, serving the Portland Transit Mall (along with the rerouted Yellow Line) and the new I-205 branch to Clackamas.
The system currently has a total of 87 stations. Fifty-one stations are served by the Blue Line, 28 stations by the Green Line, 29 by the Red Line, and 22 by the Yellow Line, with 40 stations served by two or more lines and 8 by three. All trains connect at Pioneer Courthouse Square and the Rose Quarter.
Fares on the MAX system were zonal (i.e. distance-based), the same as on TriMet's bus service, until September 2012, when the agency eliminated all use of fare-zone designations.

</doc>
<doc id="19322612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322612" title="Lead auditor">
Lead auditor

Most publicly traded corporations typically have an internal auditing department, led by a Chief Audit Executive ("CAE"), with lead internal auditors managing small teams of internal auditors for one audit engagement. Lead auditor is a position between senior auditor and head of division.
In public accounting firms, a lead auditor for an audit engagement is usually chosen from among the senior auditors.
Certified lead auditor.
The certified lead auditor designation is a professional certification for audit team leaders working for certification bodies or performing supplier audits for large organizations. Lead auditor certification requires tertiary education plus two years of work experience as an auditor or lead auditor in training.
Certification programs.
It is possible to become a certified lead auditor in the following ISO (International Organization for Standardization) certification programs:

</doc>
<doc id="19322668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322668" title="Cameron Leslie">
Cameron Leslie

Cameron Leslie, MNZM (born 17 January 1990 in Whangarei, New Zealand) is a New Zealand paralympics swimmer, most notable for his performance at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal in the men's 150 m individual medley, in which his time of 2:33.57 broke the previous world record by over a second. 
Leslie is a student at Auckland University of Technology and has a quadruple limb deficiency. In 2008 Leslie said he may leave swimming to play wheelchair rugby in later games, but he did not realise that plan. Instead, he returned for the 2012 Summer Paralympics, again winning a gold medal in men's 150 m individual medley, and beating his own world record with the time 2:25.98.
In 2013, Leslie won the gold medal in the men's 150 m individual medley, and a bronze medal in the men's 50 m backstroke, at the IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19322708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322708" title="Louis-Paul-Armand Simonneaux">
Louis-Paul-Armand Simonneaux

Louis-Paul-Armand Simonneaux (January 19, 1916 – January 22, 2009) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and was one of the oldest living bishops and one of oldest French bishops at the time of his death.
Simonneaux was born in Servon-sur-Vilaine, France and was ordained a priest on March 10, 1946. He was appointed to the Diocese of Versailles on September 30, 1967 and ordained bishop on November 26, 1967. He remained bishop of Versailles until June 4, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19322715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322715" title="Starry Gazey Pie">
Starry Gazey Pie

Starry Gazey Pie is the 2004 debut album from the American rock band The Silver Seas. The album's original cover reflected the band's previous name, The Bees (U.S.), but unlike their second album, "High Society" (2006), "Starry Gazey Pie" wasn't reissued on Cheap Lullaby Records in 2007. However, on iTunes and Amazon.com the band's current name replaces the previous one on the MP3 version of the album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Daniel Tashian.

</doc>
<doc id="19322734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322734" title="Padmé (film)">
Padmé (film)

Padmé is a "Star Wars" fan film produced by Jason Ginsburg, Robert Reeves, and Kevin W. Walsh. The short was written by Walsh and directed by Reeves. 
The film won the George Lucas Selects Award in the 2008 Official Star Wars Fan Film Awards, co-sponsored by Atom.com and Lucasfilm, and aired on both Spike TV and Comedy Central shortly thereafter.
Robert Reeves previously won Best Comedy in the 2005 Star Wars Fan Film Awards for "Cheap Seats", which he wrote, directed, and starred in.
Plot.
The short is a virtual shot-for-shot remake of the teaser trailer for "Juno", with the roles played by Star Wars characters. The film exploits the similarities between the characters of Padmé Amidala (from "Star Wars") and Juno MacGuff (from "Juno"), two young women who find themselves unexpectedly pregnant. Both characters choose to give their children up for adoption and struggle with complex relationships with the children's fathers -- Anakin Skywalker filling the role of Paulie Bleeker.
The mock trailer also showcases parodies of two songs featured in the Juno trailer:
"Anyone Else But You" by The Moldy Peaches is spoofed as "Part-Time Jedi / Full-Time Sith."
And Mott the Hoople's "All the Young Dudes" is transformed into "All Jedi Dudes."
Cast.
Padmé, played by Lisa Vendette, takes on the role of Juno MacGuff.
Anakin, Threepio, and Yoda, all played by Jason Ginsburg, represent, respectively, Paulie Bleeker, Leah (Juno's best friend), and the convenience store clerk played by Rainn Wilson. Ginsburg also appears in a non-speaking capacity as Palpatine.
Mace, played by Gerald Webb, acts as Juno's father, Mac MacGuff.
Vanessa, played by Robin Johnstone, is unique in that she is the only character who comes entirely from the Juno film with no Star Wars counterpart.
Bail, played by Robert Reeves, parallels Mark Loring, Vanessa's husband. Reeves also provided the voice of Yoda, in much the same way that James Earl Jones voiced Darth Vader in combination with the physical performance of David Prowse.
Obi-Wan, played by Kevin Walsh, represents Juno's stepmother, Bren MacGuff.
Riley Rose Critchlow rounds out the cast in the capacity of a featured player.
An R2D2 toy also appears briefly as the nurse from "Juno", projecting a hologram of Padmé's ultrasound.

</doc>
<doc id="19322740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322740" title="Disenchanted Hearts Unite">
Disenchanted Hearts Unite

Disenchanted Hearts Unite is the fourth studio album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. The band recorded half of the album at Soundhouse Studios in Seattle, and the other half in guitarist, Chris Munford’s living room. Jenny Mears provided additional vocals on many of the songs, and Corianton Hale also made a guest appearance. Shortly after the recording of the "Disenchanted Hearts Unite", lead guitarist, Harold Hollingsworth left the group and both Mears & Hale joined the band. Jen Abercrombie from the Los Angeles band Rizzo, who had contributed vocals to the City of Subarus album, appeared on the songs “Fall 4 U” and “Building The Robot.” The album reached #33 on the CMJ Top 200 chart in 2005. At the end of 2009, "Disenchanted Hearts Unite" appeared on a number of 'Best Albums of the Decade' lists.
Track listing.
1. "Stowaway"
<br>2. "Our Days In Kansas"
<br>3. "Every Little Thing"
<br>4. "Leaders Of The New School"
<br>5. "The Last Song"
<br>6. "Molly's Got A Crush On Us" 
<br>7. "Polaroids From Mars"
<br>8. "Rumble With The Gang Debs"
<br>9. "Fall 4 U"
<br>10. "Girl About Town"
<br>11. "Building The Robot"
<br>12. "Secretly Minnesotan"

</doc>
<doc id="19322752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322752" title="Yoshinobu Nishizaki">
Yoshinobu Nishizaki

Yoshinobu Nishizaki (18 December 1934 – 7 November 2010) was a Japanese film producer best known as one of the two co-creators of the anime series "Space Battleship Yamato". He was sometimes credited as "Yoshinori Nishizaki". He was born in 1934 and graduated from the Nihon University Art Department.
Life and work.
Nishizaki graduated in 1957 from Nippon University. His first love was music; he owned a jazz club and was also a jazz radio personality. He formed Office Academy in 1963 as a music production company. Nishizaki's entry into the anime world came in 1970 when he joined Osamu Tezuka's animation studio, Mushi Production, as a sales manager; his first job was to sell the studio's anime "Marvelous Melmo" to a TV broadcaster in Osaka. Nishizaki produced his first anime, "Triton of the Sea", in 1972, and followed it up with the ambitious musical comedy "Wansa-kun" in 1973; both were based on Tezuka manga, but due to an apparent copyright mixup on Nishizaki's part, Tezuka lost the rights to the anime versions of both series, and Mushi Production made both shows without Tezuka's involvement. Both shows were also ratings disappointments.
Nishizaki produced the classic Space Battleship Yamato franchise in 1974 with its initial television run. At first its ratings were as disappointing as those of Nishizaki's previous ventures; however, the franchise exploded in popularity in 1977 with the release of a hugely successful movie-length edit of the TV series, and ""Yamato Fever"" continued unabated in Japan for the next six years. Edited versions of the three "Yamato" TV series were also a cult success in the United States under the title "Star Blazers".
Nishizaki's other works produced during and after "Yamato"'s peak of popularity did not come close to matching the explosive popularity of "Yamato", and during the 1990s, he began to fall into rough straits financially. His company, New Japan Visual Network, founded in 1984, declared bankruptcy in 1991, and Nishizaki himself declared bankruptcy in 1997 amidst his wrangling with "Yamato" co-creator Leiji Matsumoto over the copyrights to "Yamato". In 1994, Nishizaki designed a short-lived follow-up series called Yamato 2520, and was was later sued by Matsumoto for breach of copyright. The case over Yamato led to halting the production of the video series after only four episodes. The dispute was finally settled in 2003, with Nishizaki winning the use of the name "Yamato" and the original plot and characters but losing the use of the original conceptual art, ship and character designs to Matsumoto.
Nishizaki's new anime film was released December 12, 2009.
Legal troubles.
On December 2, 1997, police stopped his car on the Tōmei Expressway in Shizuoka after he was driving suspiciously. He was arrested when police found inside his attache case 50g of stimulants, 7g of morphine, 9g of marijuana. While on bail he went to the Philippines on his English-registered cruiser the "Ocean Nine"; he returned to smuggle in an M16 with M203 grenade launcher, a Glock 17, and a large amount of ammunition. January 21, 1999, Nishizaki was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison for the narcotics possession charge.
Later on February 1, 1999, he was arrested after a handgun, 131 bullets and 20 grams of stimulant drugs were seized from his house in Setagaya Ward, Tokyo. Nishizaki, voluntarily submitted two automatic rifles, 1,800 bullets, and 30 howitzer shells kept in a station wagon in his garage, police said. Police said that Nishizaki had hidden an Austrian handgun loaded with three bullets under a zaisu chair in a study. Nishizaki told police that he had bought the handgun in Hong Kong 10 years earlier. On February 20, 2003, he was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison for the possessing firearms charge. He was released from prison on December 9, 2007.
Death.
Nishizaki drowned on 7 November 2010 at Chichijima, Ogasawara, when he suffered an apparent heart attack after falling off the research steamboat "Yamato".

</doc>
<doc id="19322819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322819" title="Inverse Cost and Quality Law">
Inverse Cost and Quality Law

The Inverse Cost and Quality Law attempts to formalize any Hollywood cinema production characterized by a large budget and, by negative correlation, poorly perceived critical attributes. The American writer, David Foster Wallace, coined the term and established subject attributes for the law in a 1998 article titled, "F/X Porn" by which Wallace primarily critiques the weaknesses of "" (1991), a blockbuster film directed by James Cameron.
Overview.
David Foster Wallace, in a 1998 essay which first appeared in Waterstone's Magazine and was later anthologized in the essay collection Both Flesh and Not, posited that Terminator 2 was the archetype or apotheosis of the Inverse Cost and Quality Law :
"'T2' is thus also the first and best instance of a paradoxical law that appears to hold true for the entire F/X Porn genre. It is called the Inverse Cost and Quality Law, and it states very simply that the larger a movie's budget is, the shittier that movie is going to be. The case of "T2" shows that much of the ICQL's force derives from simple financial logic. A film that would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to make is going to get financial backing if and only if its investors can be maximally -- _maximally_ -- sure that at the very least they will get their hundreds of millions of dollars back -- i.e. a megabudget movie must not fail (and "failure" here means anything less than a runaway box-office hit) and must thus adhere to certain reliable formulae that have been shown by precedent to maximally ensure a runaway hit."

</doc>
<doc id="19322868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322868" title="Grimké">
Grimké

Grimké is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19322913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322913" title="They Call the Wind Maria">
They Call the Wind Maria

"They Call the Wind Maria" is an American popular song with lyrics written by Alan J. Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe for their 1951 Broadway musical, "Paint Your Wagon", which is set in the California Gold Rush. Rufus Smith originally sang the song on Broadway, and Joseph Leader was the original singer in London's West End. It quickly became a "runaway hit", and during the Korean War, the song was among the "popular music listened to by the troops". Vaughan Monroe and his Orchestra recorded the song in 1951, and it was among the "popular hit singles at the record stores" that year. It has since become a standard, performed by many notable singers, such as Robert Goulet, who considered it "a personal favorite".
Critical reception.
It has been called "the show's best known song" and "rousing but plaintive" Musicologist Stephen Citron wrote, "Perhaps the most unusual song in the score is a beautiful ballad of lonely prospectors hungering for their women, "They Call the Wind Maria" – not chauvinistic in this case, for each man is yearning for his own girl. Composer and conductor Lehman Engel wrote that the song "has a cowboy flavor", and commented that "In the lyric, its folk quality is accentuated." Engel concluded that "Lerner has invented an interesting kind of narration". Princeton University historian Robert V. Wells wrote that it is "a sad and wistful song about being far from home" Theater historian Don B. Wilmeth called the song "haunting", and said that it evokes "emptiness".
Folk music revival.
The song gained renewed popularity during the American folk music revival. In 1959, it was included on the Kingston Trio's first live album, "...from the Hungry i", which reached #2 on the Billboard Pop chart, and won a RIAA gold record in 1960. It was also included on the Smothers Brothers first album, "The Songs and Comedy of the Smothers Brothers! Recorded at the Purple Onion, San Francisco", released in 1961. Other folk singers who performed the song included Josh White and Burl Ives. Musical historian John Bush Jones wrote that the song "so evokes the American West that during the folksinging craze of the later 1950s countless Americans thought 'They Call the Wind Maria' was a folksong, not a show tune!"
1969 film version.
The song was featured in the 1969 Hollywood film "Paint Your Wagon", starring Lee Marvin, Clint Eastwood and Jean Seberg. In the film, the song was performed by Harve Presnell. "The New York Times" said that Presnell's role in the film "delivered the golden opportunity to sing the unforgettable ballad." Theater writer Thomas Hischak said that "in one of the film's few pleasing moments, Harve Presnell gave full voice to 'They Call the Wind Maria' and it was lovely to hear". Referring to Eastwood and Marvin, film reviewer Brian W. Fairbanks wrote that "Harve Presnell steals both stars' thunder with a knockout version of the best song."
In a promotional tie-in with release of the film, recorded versions of the song were issued by seven singers and groups, including Presnell, Ed Ames, Burl Ives, Jim Nabors and the Baja Marimba Band. Several record labels participated. A version by Jack Barlow charted at number 58 on Hot Country Songs.
Background and pronunciation of "Maria".
In George Rippey Stewart's 1941 novel "Storm", he gives the storm which is the protagonist of his story the name "Maria". In 1947, Stewart wrote a new introduction for a reprint of the book, and discussed the pronunciation of "Maria": "The soft Spanish pronunciation is fine for some heroines, but our Maria here is too big for any man to embrace and much too boisterous." He went on to say, "So put the accent on the second syllable, and pronounce it 'rye'". 
The success of Stewart's novel was one factor that motivated U.S. military meteorologists to start the informal practice of giving women's names to storms in the Pacific during World War II. The practice became official in 1945. In 1953, a similar system of using women's names was adopted for North Atlantic storms. This continued until 1979, when men's names were incorporated into the system. Although Stewart's novel is set in 1935, the novel and its impact on meteorology later inspired Lerner and Lowe to write a song for their play about the California gold rush, and like Stewart, they too gave a wind storm the name "Maria", which is pronounced . The lines throughout the song end in feminine rhymes mostly using the "long i" sound /aɪ/, echoing the stress pattern and vowel sound of the name "Maria".
Singer Mariah Carey was named after this song.
Cover versions.
Notable acts who have performed the song include:

</doc>
<doc id="19322924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322924" title="Rudy Robbins">
Rudy Robbins

Rudy Warner Robbins (November 17, 1933 – February 21, 2011) was a Western entertainer known for his singing, songwriting, acting, writing, and his past performance of film and television stunts.
Early years, education, military.
Rudy Robbins was the youngest of four children born in Evergreen in Avoyelles Parish in south central Louisiana to Charles Robbins, a native of Mississippi, and the former Mary Alice Grimble. When he was two years old, the family moved to Port Arthur on the Texas Gulf Coast, where he was reared. He graduated in 1952 from Thomas Jefferson High School, now known as Memorial High School, and then, for one academic year, attended Lamar University in Beaumont, Texas, known at the time as Lamar Technical Institute. Himself a Baptist, Robbins graduated in 1956 from East Texas Baptist University in Marshall in east Texas with credentials in business administration and sociology.
From 1957-1959, Robbins served in the United States Army and was on the Fourth Army track team. He set a record for the javelin throw, the same event in which he had lettered at ETBU. In the Army, he met the son of a film producer who told him about job opportunities in Hollywood as a stuntman.
Moving to Bandera, Texas.
After military service, Robbins moved to Bandera, a small community west of San Antonio which calls itself "The Cowboy Capital of the World". He worked there for a time as a wrangler at the Dixie Dude Ranch until he was offered a speaking but unnamed role as one of the Tennessee Volunteers in John Wayne's epic "The Alamo", which was filmed not in San Antonio but near Brackettville in Kinney County in south central Texas. In "The Alamo", Robbins was involved in a short dialogue repeated several times during the film: a fellow-Tennessean would review a developing situation and ask Robbins, "Do this mean what I think it do?" Robbins would reply, "It do." Thereafter, John Wayne called Robbins by the nickname "It Do"; one of Robbins' treasured possessions is a souvenir Alamo mug addressed to "It Do" from "Duke", Wayne's nickname.
After "The Alamo", Robbins went to Hollywood but returned semi-permanently to Bandera in 1971 though he was on tour for many of the following years.
Acting and stunts.
Wayne introduced Robbins to legendary director John Ford, who hired him as an actor in "Two Rode Together" with James Stewart and Richard Widmark (also filmed near Brackettville) and later for stunts in "Cheyenne Autumn", also with Widmark, and in three other Wayne films, "McLintock!" with Maureen O'Hara), "The Green Berets" and "Rio Lobo" (1970). Robbins' other parts were for uncredited stunts in "The Rounders" (1965) and "Sugarland Express" (1974). He also appeared as a mechanic in "Sugarland Express". He did stunts for CBS's "Gunsmoke" in 1964, acting as a double for series star James Arness.
In 1966, Robbins played Josh Cutler in NBC's "Daniel Boone" with Fess Parker. Robbins holds Parker, later a large Los Angeles developer, in high esteem because Parker paid him in advance: "He knew I was hard up. When I showed up on Monday morning, he handed me an envelope with my first episode’s pay in advance," recalls Robbins.
Along with Wayne, Clint Eastwood, and Charlton Heston, Robbins was awarded honorary membership in the Stuntmen's Association of Motion Pictures. Robbins also trained horses for other stuntmen and became a production manager for various shows.
Later activities.
In 1967, he was selected by the United States Department of Commerce to go to Europe as a "Cowboy Goodwill Ambassador" to introduce and promote the sale of denim jeans.
Later, he joined Montie Montana, Jr., to re-create Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show. With a cast of 125 cowboys, cowgirls, and Indians and 135 bison, longhorns, and horses, the show toured worldwide from London to Brazil to Singapore. The group was particularly well received in Japan, where it performed four to five shows daily for four months. The last wild west show performance was near Glacier National Park in northern Montana. Back in Texas, Robbins produced the Rudy Robbins Western Show and the All American Cowboy Get-Together, a two-day event of music, poetry, cooking, arts, crafts and demonstrations. He was also active in the "Keep Bandera Western" campaign.
Robbins formed The Spirit of Texas, a western harmony group, which in 1991 was named by the Texas State Senate as the "Official Cowboy Band for Texas". Modeled on the old Sons of the Pioneers, the band performed for such celebrities as Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Rogers, Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash, and Tom Selleck, as well as General H. Norman Schwarzkopf and Texas Governors Ann W. Richards and George W. Bush. Robbins and the Canadian yodeler Shirley Field co-authored "How to Yodel the Cowboy Way". After the death of two members, the Spirit of Texas disbanded.
Robbins also wrote short stories for "Cowboy Magazine". He is featured in the Museum of the Gulf Coast, which is administered by the Port Arthur Historical Society. He lived in Bandera in the Texas Hill Country.
Among his awards, Robbins was made honorary town marshal of Tombstone, Arizona, honorary deputy sheriff of Pima County (Tucson), Arizona, and "Outstanding Cowboy of the 20th Century" for Bandera County, Texas. He was commissioned an admiral in the Texas Navy by former Governor Bill Clements. He was awarded a plaque for excellence by the Texas Stuntmen's Association.
Robbins died of cancer at the age of 77. His graver marker reads, "A Western Showman Who Loved The Lord". He was survived by a son, Jody, who was born in 1956.
Much of Robbin's memorabilia is now in the Frontier Times Museum in Bandera and the Bandera Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19322926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322926" title="Abbeville">
Abbeville

Abbeville is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.
Location.
Abbeville is located on the Somme River, from its modern mouth in the English Channel. The majority of the town is located on the east bank of the Somme, as well as on an island. It is located at the head of the Abbeville Canal, and is northwest of Amiens. In the medieval period, it was the lowest crossing point on the Somme and it was nearby that Edward III's army crossed shortly before the Battle of Crécy in 1346.
Administration.
Abbeville was the capital of the former province of Ponthieu. Today, it is one of the three sub-prefectures of the Somme department.
Etymology.
The Romans occupied it and named it "Abbatis Villa".
Prehistory.
The name Abbeville has been adopted to name a category of paleolithic stone tools. These stone tools are also known as handaxes. Various handaxes were found near Abbeville by Jacques Boucher de Perthes during the 1830s and he was the first to describe the stones in detail, pointing out in the first publication of its kind, that the stones were chipped deliberately by early man, so as to form a tool. These stone tools which are some of the earliest found in Europe, were chipped on both sides so as to form a sharp edge, were known as Abbevillian handaxes or bifaces, but recently the term 'abevillian' is becoming obsolete as the earlier form of stone tool, not found in Europe, is known as the Oldowan chopper. Some of these artifacts are displayed at the Musee Boucher-de-Perthes.
A more refined and later version of handaxe production was found in the Abbeville/Somme River district. The more refined handaxe became known as the Acheulean industry, named after Saint-Acheul, today a suburb of Amiens.
It retained some importance into the Bronze Age.
History.
Abbeville during the ninth century was part of the abbey of Saint-Riquier, and was an important fort city responsible for the defense of the Somme. It had a charter granted to it in 1184. Afterwards it was governed by the Counts of Ponthieu. Together with that county, it came into the possession of the Alençon and other French families, and afterwards into that of the House of Castile, from whom by marriage it fell in 1272 to King Edward I of England. French and English were its masters by turns till 1435 when, by the treaty of Arras, it was ceded to the Duke of Burgundy. In 1477 it was annexed by King Louis XI of France, and was held by two illegitimate branches of the royal family in the 16th and 17th centuries, being in 1696 reunited to the crown. In 1514, the town saw the marriage of Louis XII of France to Mary Tudor, the daughter of Henry VII of England. In 1685, it suffered a serious economic blow as the Edict of Nantes was rescinded and the Protestants, who were the majority of the skilled labor, left town. It never fully recovered from this exodus of talent.
Abbeville was fairly important in the 18th century, when the Van Robais Royal Manufacture (one of the first major factories in France) brought great prosperity (but some class controversy) to the town. Voltaire, among others, wrote about it. He also wrote about a major incident of intolerance in which a young impoverished lord, the Chevalier de la Barre, was executed there for impiety (supposedly because he did not salute a procession for Corpus Christi, though the story is far more complex than that and revolves around a mutilated cross.)
Abbeville was the birthplace of Rear Admiral Amédée Courbet (1827–85), whose victories on land and at sea made him a national hero during the Sino-French War (August 1884 to April 1885). Courbet died in June 1885, shortly after the end of the war, at Makung in the Pescadores Islands, and his body was brought back to France and buried in Abbeville on 1 September 1885 after a state funeral at Les Invalides a few days earlier. Abbeville's old Haymarket Square (Place du Marché-au-Blé) was renamed Place de l'Amiral Courbet in July 1885, shortly after the news of Courbet's death reached France, and an extravagant baroque statue of Courbet was erected in the middle of the square at the end of the nineteenth century. The statue was damaged in a devastating German bombing raid during World War II.
On 12 September 1939 in Abbeville a conference took place in which France and the United Kingdom decided it was too late to send troops to help Poland in its fight against Germany as Poland by this time was already on the verge of defeat.
After five years - in September 1944 - Abbeville was liberated by Poles - First Armoured Division under General Maczek
The Blitzkrieg.
In 1940, the Germans had massed the bulk of their armoured force in Panzer Group von Kleist, which attacked through the comparatively unguarded sector of the Ardennes and achieved a breakthrough at Sedan with air support. The group raced to the coast of the English Channel at Abbeville, thus isolating (20 May 1940) the British Expeditionary Force, Belgian Army, and some divisions of the French Army in northern France. The Battle of France was lost.
Charles de Gaulle (17–18 May 1940), then a colonel, launched a counterattack in the region of Laon (see the map) with 80 tanks to destroy the communication of the German armoured troops. His newly formed 4e Division cuirassée reached Montcornet, resulting in the Battle of Montcornet. Without support, the 4th DCR was forced to retreat. There was another counter-attack with the Battle of Abbeville. After Laon (24 May), de Gaulle was promoted to temporary general: "On 28 May (...) the 4th DCR attacked twice to destroy a pocket captured by the enemy south of the Somme near Abbeville. The operation was successful, with over 400 prisoners taken and the entire pocket mopped up except for Abbeville (...) but in the second attack the 4th DCR failed to gain control of the city in the face of superior enemy numbers." World War II was not kind to the architecture of the town as the famous 17th-century Gothic Cathedral of St. Vulfran was nearly destroyed.
Economy.
Abbeville manufactured textiles, and in particular, linens and tablecloths when the Van Robais family created la Manufacture Royale des Rames in 1665. It also has cordage factories and spinning mills. Finally, it also fabricates locks and produced sugar until 2007.
Sights.
The city was very picturesque until the early days of the Second World War when it was bombed mostly to rubble in one night by the Germans. The town overall is now mostly modern and rebuilt. Several of the town's attractions remain, including:
Transport.
Abbeville is served by trains on the line between Boulogne-sur-Mer and Amiens and between Calais and Paris. Abbeville was the southern terminus of the Réseau des Bains de Mer, the line to Dompierre-sur-Authie opened on 19 June 1892 and closed on 10 March 1947.
Abbeville is located just near the A16 autoroute. It is about 1:50 by car from Paris. The cost of the toll is about £12.50
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Abbeville is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="19322934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322934" title="1981 Chatham Cup">
1981 Chatham Cup

The 1981 Chatham Cup was the 54th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye until the Fourth Round of the competition. In all, 124 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The major talking-point of the 1981 competition was the giant-killing run of Stop Out, who caused upsets against the higher-ranked Nelson United, Miramar Rangers and Wellington Diamond United on their way to the semi-finals.
The 1981 final.
The final was a repeat of the 1980 final, but this time it was Dunedin City that finished victorious - the first win for any team from that southern city since 1961. 
An early goal from a Billy McClure penalty put the Mount into the lead, but a brace of well-taken goals by Michael Glubb, complemented by a late strike from Terry Wilson were enough to take take the cup south.

</doc>
<doc id="19322962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322962" title="Joan Baptista Pla">
Joan Baptista Pla

Joan Baptista Pla i Agustí (ca. 17201773) was a Spanish composer and oboist.
Pla was born in Catalonia, Spain, into a Catalan family of musicians. In the years after 1751, he worked in many of the principal cities of Europe including Padua, Stuttgart, Brussels, Paris and 
London along with his brother, Josep Pla i Agustí (1728-1762), a chamber musician. After Josep's death, Joan Baptista went to Lisbon as an oboist and bassoonist. He is thought to have died in Paris.
The Pla brothers left hundreds of manuscripts including about 30 trio sonatas and some concertos for flute and strings. Another brother, Manuel Pla (ca. 1725-1766) was a violinist and harpsichordist at the court of Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="19322993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19322993" title="Alexander Gough">
Alexander Gough

Alexander Gough (fl. 1626 – 1655), also Goughe or Goffe, was an English actor in the Caroline era. He started out as a boy player filling female roles; during the period of the English Civil War and the Interregnum (1642–1660) when the theatres were closed and actors out of work, Gough became involved in the publication of plays.
Alexander Gough was born in 1614, the son of Robert Gough, an actor with the King's Men. Like some other sons of actors (Theophilus Bird; Robert Pallant), Gough started acting as a boy — in his case, with his father's company. Alexander Gough played:
Gough also had roles in Ford's "The Lover's Melancholy" (1628) and Clavell's "The Soddered Citizen" (1630). Gough remained with the company at least until 1636, and perhaps longer, probably playing minor adult roles.
in 1642, at the start of the Civil War, The Puritan regime forced the closure of the London theatres. Theatrical activity did not cease entirely; rather, actors staged clandestine performances, often at the private houses of sympathetic citizens. In so doing, the actors faced a major and obvious problem: how to find audiences for "secret" performances (ideally, audiences that did not contain informers who would betray them to the authorities). During this period, Alexander Gough reportedly functioned as what was then called a "jackal" — he helped to gather audiences for these clandestine performances.
Later in the Commonwealth era, Gough was active in publication, specifically of plays. He was not the only actor who shifted to publishing; Andrew Pennycuicke and William Cartwright did the same. Most notably, Gough wrote an introduction to Humphrey Moseley's 1652 first edition of "The Widow"; his preface "To the Reader" re-iterated the title-page attribution of that play to John Fletcher, Ben Jonson, and Thomas Middleton. Modern scholars and critics have strongly rejected the attribution to Fletcher and Jonson, and recognize "The Widow" as a solo work by Middleton.
Gough was also involved with the first editions of "The Queen" (1653), a play assigned to John Ford, and Lodowick Carlell's "The Passionate Lovers" (1655).

</doc>
<doc id="19323013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323013" title="Biljanini Izvori Sports Hall">
Biljanini Izvori Sports Hall

The Biljanini Izvori Sports Hall (, transliterated "Sportska sala Biljanini Izvori") is a multi-functional indoor sports arena. It is located in Ohrid, Republic of Macedonia. The sports hall was inaugurated in August 1998 and has a capacity of 3,500 seats for handball and 4,500 for basketball. It is used by several handball and basketball teams from Ohrid. It was one of the two venues used during the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19323016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323016" title="Nizami, Azerbaijan">
Nizami, Azerbaijan

Nizami, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19323018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323018" title="Albin Małysiak">
Albin Małysiak

Albin Małysiak, C.M. (12 June 1917 – 16 July 2011) was a Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death, he was one of the oldest Catholic bishops and the oldest Polish bishop.
Małysiak was born in Kocoń, now Poland, in 1917, and was ordained a priest on 1 May 1941 in the religious institute, the Congregation of the Mission. He was appointed titular bishop of Beatia and auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Kraków on 14 January 1970 and ordained on 5 April 1970. Małysiak remained auxiliary bishop of the diocese until his retirement on 27 February 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19323020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323020" title="Toshiko Ueda">
Toshiko Ueda

Toshiko was best known for her manga "Fuichin-san", which won the 5th annual Japan Cartoonists Association Award for Excellence and the 1960 Shogakukan Manga Award. She was also recognized for "distinguished service" during the 100th Anniversary of the Japanese Copyright Act in 1999. She was one of the first female shojo artists at a time when the field was dominated by men.

</doc>
<doc id="19323034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323034" title="WDU">
WDU

WDU may refer to one of several things:

</doc>
<doc id="19323055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323055" title="Softdrive Records">
Softdrive Records

Softdrive Records (formerly known as Lavish Records) is an independent record label[http://www.myspace.com/softdrive] founded by Stone Temple Pilots/ex-Velvet Revolver singer Scott Weiland in 2006. The now-defunct band The Actual was the first band to be signed to the label. Weiland's second solo album, ""Happy" in Galoshes", was released on Softdrive Records on November 25, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19323056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323056" title="List of Nature Conservation Act endangered fauna of Queensland">
List of Nature Conservation Act endangered fauna of Queensland

This is a list of animals listed as endangered under the terms of Queensland's Nature Conservation Act 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19323063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323063" title="Seiko Kawamura">
Seiko Kawamura

Seiko Kawamura (河村 聖子 "Kawamura Seiko", born 23 May 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toyota Auto Body Queenseis.

</doc>
<doc id="19323079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323079" title="Secretary of State of Washington">
Secretary of State of Washington

The Secretary of State of Washington is one of the elected constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Washington. The duties of the office are specified in Article III, Section 17 of the Washington State Constitution and Chapter 43.07 of the Revised Code of Washington. The Secretary of State is second (behind the Lieutenant Governor) in the line of succession to the Office of the Governor. There have been 14 Secretaries of State since Washington became a state. 
The current Secretary of State is Kim Wyman.
Duties.
Washington's Secretary of State has a broader range of duties than many other State Secretaries of State.
Political/Executive.
The Secretary of State is the keeper of the Seal of Washington, and is responsible for regulating its use, affixing it to commissions, pardons, and other documents to which the signature of the Governor is required, and filing and attesting to official acts of the Legislature and Governor.
The Secretary also administers elections, voter registrations, and ballot initiatives. These responsibilities include supervising state and local elections, and certifying the results of state primaries and general elections; filing and verifying initiatives and referenda; and producing and distributing the State Voters' Pamphlet and election-notice legal advertising. Lobbying and campaign finance matters are regulated by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission.
Economic.
The Corporations Division of the Office of the Secretary of State is responsible for registering limited partnerships, limited liability partnerships, corporations, and limited liability companies. This division is also responsible for registration of domestic partnerships. He is not, however, responsible for Uniform Commercial Code matters, as these are administered by the Washington Department of Licensing. The Secretary is one of the officials in charge of promoting international trade in the State of Washington.
List of Washington Secretaries of State.
The State of Washington has had a total of fifteen Secretaries of State:

</doc>
<doc id="19323093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323093" title="Swimming at the Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics

Swimming has been contested at every Summer Paralympics. At the first games, the 1960 Paralympics, 62 swimming events were held in distances of 25 and 50 metres, plus a 3×50 metre relay for men. Since then, swimming at the Paralympics has grown to 140 events covering distances from 50 to 400 metres, plus 4×50 and 4×100 metre relays. Along with track and field athletics, it is one of the largest sports at the Paralympics in terms of the number of events, competitors, and spectators.
As with most Paralympic sports, athletes are classified according to the type and extent of their disability.
The International Paralympic Committee recognizes the fastest times swam at the games as Paralympic records.
Multiple Paralympic swimming medalists.
This table is updated to the 2012 Paralympics.
! Athlete
! Nation
! Years active
! Class(es)
! style="background:gold; width 4.0em; font-weight:bold;"| Gold
! style="background:silver; width 4.0em; font-weight:bold;"| Silver
! style="background:#cc9966: width 4.0em; font-weight:bold;"| Bronze
! style="width 4.0em;"| Total

</doc>
<doc id="19323107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323107" title="John">
John

John is a common English name and surname:
Etymology.
English "John", Latin "Ioannes" or "Iohannes", and Ancient Greek "Ἰωάννης" from Hebrew "יוחנן". It is supposed that the Latin "Iohannes" directly comes from Hebrew "יוחנן" ("Yovhann"), not from Ancient Greek "Ἰωάννης", which reason is that Hebrew "יוחנן" has a "h" sound (ח) and also in Latin "Iohannes", while in Ancient Greek "Ἰωάννης" not (Later in Latin, the "h" sound lost).
John may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19323128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323128" title="James Ruppert">
James Ruppert

James Urban Ruppert (born March 29, 1934), is an American murderer, who was responsible for the deadliest shooting inside a private residence in American history. On March 30, 1975, Easter Sunday, Ruppert murdered 11 family members in his mother's house at 635 Minor Avenue in Hamilton, Ohio in what is referred to as the Easter Sunday Massacre. He is serving two life sentences at the Allen Correctional Institution in Lima, Ohio.
Early life.
James Ruppert's early life was troubled. His mother Charity said that she would have rather had a daughter and his father Leonard had a violent temper and little affection for his two sons. Leonard died in 1947 when James and his brother Leonard Jr were 12 and 14 respectively.
Leonard Jr became the father figure of the family and constantly picked on James during their upbringing. At 16, James was so dissatisfied with his home life that he ran away and attempted to commit suicide by hanging himself with a sheet. He was unsuccessful and returned home.
Adulthood.
As an adult, Ruppert stood 5'6", 135 pounds, described as a modest and helpful man who was unremarkable and quiet. He had no police record.
Ruppert was envious of his older brother's successful job and family. Ruppert flunked out of college after two years while his brother earned a degree in electrical engineering and excelled in athletics.
Leonard II also married his brother's ex-girlfriend, had eight children, and held a job with General Electric, while James was unemployed at the age of 41 and had moved back in with his 65-year old mother Charity Ruppert in Hamilton, Ohio. Charity was frustrated with her son's inability to hold a steady job and his constant drinking; she threatened to evict him. James also owed his mother and brother money, having lost what little he had in the stock market crash of 1973-4.
The final month.
A month before the massacre, James inquired about silencers for his weapons while purchasing ammunition. His behavior in general became more unusual as he neared the breaking point, battling a deep depression.
On March 29, 1975, his 41st birthday, witnesses had seen him engaging in target practice shooting tin cans with his .357 Magnum along the banks of the Great Miami River in Hamilton.
The night before the murders James went out as he did nearly every night. At the 19th Hole Cocktail Lounge he talked with employee Wanda Bishop, a 28-year old mother of 5. She would later state that James told her he was frustrated with his mother's demands on him and his impending eviction and that he needed to solve the problem. He left the bar at 11:00 PM that night and later returned. When Bishop asked him if he had solved the problem, he replied "No, not yet." James stayed at the bar until it closed at 2:30 AM.
The murders.
On Easter Sunday, March 30, 1975, Charity Ruppert's older son Leonard II was visiting her house on Minor Avenue. He and his wife Alma brought their 8 children (ranging in age from 4 to 17) to see their grandmother.
Leonard Ruppert II's younger brother James was upstairs in the 2-story house sleeping off his previous night of drinking while the other family members enjoyed an Easter egg hunt in the front yard. Upon entering the house, Charity Ruppert began fixing sloppy joe sandwiches in the kitchen while Leonard and Alma sat at the kitchen table. The majority of the children were playing in the living room at this time.
Around 4:00 PM (EDT), James awoke, loaded a .357 Magnum, two .22 caliber handguns and a rifle and descended the staircase. He entered the kitchen and shot and killed his brother Leonard. James then killed his sister-in-law Alma and his mother Charity as she attempted to thwart her son's progress. Next, he took the life of his nephew David and his nieces Teresa and Carol all in the confines of the kitchen.
Leaving the kitchen, James entered the living room where he killed his niece Ann and his 4 remaining nephews Leonard, Michael, Thomas, and John.
During the rampage, James typically fired the first shot to disable his victim and the second through the head to finish them off. A few victims were shot a third time and one was shot through the heart. The massacre was over within 5 minutes.
After spending 3 hours in the house, James finally called police to report the shooting. He waited just inside the front door for authorities to arrive.
Aftermath.
The murders shocked the town of Hamilton and the entire country. Those who knew James Ruppert did not think he was capable of violence, especially at the magnitude of this particular massacre. By all accounts, neighbors considered the Rupperts a nice family.
James was arrested and charged that day with 11 counts of aggravated homicide. He refused to answer questions asked by the police and was very uncooperative. He made it clear he would plead insanity.
County prosecutor John Holcomb viewed the crime scene and stated that there was so much blood on the first floor, it was dripping through the floorboards into the basement, which to this day can still be seen on the wood. A total of 35 shots had been fired by Ruppert and all 4 weapons were recovered at the scene.
All 11 victims were buried in Arlington Memorial Gardens in Cincinnati, Ohio. A year later, the house was opened to the public and all of its contents were auctioned off. It was then cleaned and recarpeted and sold to a family new to the area who was unaware of the murders that had taken place there. The new family later left the house due to thoughts of hearing voices and other noises. Other families have moved in and out but the house is now occupied. 
Prosecution.
The original trial was held in Hamilton, Ohio. The 3-judge panel found Ruppert guilty on all 11 counts of murder and sentenced him to life in prison. A mistrial was declared and it was decided that the retrial would be held in Findlay, Ohio, 125 miles north because it was believed he could not receive a fair trial in the city of Hamilton.
The second trial began in June 1975 and prosecutors revealed evidence involving the witnesses that had seen Ruppert engaging in target practice, asking about silencers for his gun collection and admitting that his mother's expectations were a problem that he needed to solve.
On appeal, a new trial was granted in 1982. Defense attorney Hugh D. Holbrock, convinced his client was insane, personally funded the hiring of expert psychiatrists and psychologists from all over the country. 
On July 23, 1982, a second 3-judge panel found James Ruppert guilty of first degree murder in the case of his mother and brother but this time, they found him not guilty on the other 9 counts of murder by reason of insanity. He received life sentences for each of the two charges to be served consecutively rather than concurrently.
Because capital punishment had been suspended in the United States from 1972 to 1976 as a result of the Supreme Court's decision in Furman v. Georgia, and because the massacre on Minor Avenue had occurred in 1975, James Ruppert could not receive the death penalty for his crimes.
Current status.
James Ruppert remains incarcerated in the Allen Correctional Institution in Lima, Ohio. In June 1995, he was granted a visit before the state Parole Board at the age of 61, but his release was denied. He will not receive another hearing until 2035. After the Virginia Tech massacre on April 16, 2007 became the deadliest homicidal incident in American history, Ruppert's murderous spree dropped to the 9th deadliest massacre in U.S. history.

</doc>
<doc id="19323138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323138" title="List of Boston Red Sox Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Boston Red Sox Opening Day starting pitchers

The Boston Red Sox are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Boston, Massachusetts. They play in the American League East division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. As of 2010, The Red Sox have used 58 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 110 seasons. Since the franchise's beginning in , the 58 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 50 wins, 47 losses, 1 tie (50–47–1), and 11 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game. Although in modern baseball, ties are rare due to extra innings, in 1910, the Red Sox Opening Game against the New York Highlanders was declared a tie due to darkness – at the time, Hilltop Park lacked adequate lighting.
Roger Clemens holds the Red Sox record for most Opening Day starts with eight. The other pitchers with five or more Opening Day starts for Boston are Pedro Martinez (7), Cy Young (6), and Dennis Eckersley (5).
On Opening Day, Red Sox pitchers have a combined record of 23–12 when playing at home. Of those games, pitchers have a 3–0 record at Huntington Avenue Grounds, and a 19–12 record from Fenway Park. When on the road for Opening Day, Red Sox pitchers have a combined record of 29–34–1. For seasons in which Boston would later win the World Series, the starting pitchers have a 3–3 record. For all seasons that go into post-season, Boston pitchers have an Opening Day record of 10–4.

</doc>
<doc id="19323140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323140" title="Sea Bird Island (British Columbia)">
Sea Bird Island (British Columbia)

Sea Bird Island is an island in the Fraser River just east of Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, in the Upper Fraser Valley region of that province, about 75 miles east of Vancouver. Though within the District of Kent, most of the island is the Seabird Island Indian Reserve and is the community of the Seabird Island First Nation, a member government of the .
Name.
The name is derived from the "Sea Bird", one of the first steamboats to operate on the Fraser during the Fraser River Gold Rush of 1858-1860. First gazetted in 1930 as Seabird Island, the name was changed in 1967 to Sea Bird Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19323189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323189" title="Ai Inden">
Ai Inden

Ai Inden (位田 愛 "Inden Ai", born 3 April 1987) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.

</doc>
<doc id="19323190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323190" title="Dayana Mendoza">
Dayana Mendoza

Dayana Sabrina Mendoza Moncada (born June 1, 1986 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Venezuela 2007 and Miss Universe 2008.
Career.
Miss Venezuela and Miss Universe.
Mendoza beat 27 other candidates to win Miss Venezuela 2007 on September 13, 2007, and became only the second woman representing the Amazonas state to win, following Carolina Izsak in 1991. She was crowned Miss Universe 2008 at the pageant in the Crown Convention Center, Nha Trang, Vietnam, on July 13, 2008. Mendoza became the first winner of the pageant from Venezuela since Miss Universe 1996's winner Alicia Machado, thus making her the first Venezuelan Miss Universe in the 21st century.
Miss Universe 2007 Riyo Mori crowned her with a tiara worth 120,000 U.S. dollars. Her prize package includes cash, a year contract promoting Miss Universe, world travel, a rent-free, prestigious New York City flat, luxury apartment and a gift bag stuffed with designer shoes, dresses and beauty products, a $100,000 stipend for a 2-year course at the New York Film Academy and free access to famous fashion houses and beauty parlors. Mendoza will spend her year-long reign traveling the world to lecture on humanitarian issues and to promote education regarding HIV/AIDS.
As of June 2009, Mendoza as Miss Universe has traveled to Indonesia, Singapore, Puerto Rico, Italy, Vatican City, Spain, France, Nicaragua, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Bahamas, Russia, El Salvador, United Arab Emirates, Brazil, Dominican Republic, Bolivia, Argentina, Romania and Vietnam, in addition to numerous trips around the USA and her homecoming in Venezuela. Together with Miss Universe 1969 Gloria Diaz, Mendoza was also used as the goodwill ambassador of Venezuela-based technology firm Smartmatic to thank the Philippines for entrusting the company the success of their 2010 presidential elections.
Other appearances.
Mendoza was a contestant on the 2012 season of "Celebrity Apprentice". In Episode 3, "How Much is That Celebrity in the Window?", she was the winning project manager of her team on a task to create two themed living window displays for Ivanka Trump's clothing and accessory line, winning $20,000 for her charity, the Latino Commission on AIDS. Mendoza notes in Episode 11, "Winning by a Nose" that she holds the record for being brought back to the final boardroom, having done so six times by that episode. She came in sixth place after being eliminated in the 12th episode, "Jingle All the Way Home" (her seventh time in the boardroom), in which she was project manager of the losing team on a task to create a jingle and presentation for Good Sam Club.
On June 3, 2012 Mendoza served as one of the panel of judges for the Miss USA 2012 competition.
Personal life.
Dayana Mendoza was once kidnapped in Venezuela, and stated that the trauma taught her to remain poised under pressure. In 2001, she signed with Elite Model Management and was a finalist at the Elite Model Look International 2001, in Nice, France. She has worked with the companies Max Mara and Costume Nacional, where she modeled in New York, Italy, Germany, France, Athens and Spain for Versace, Roberto Cavalli and other fashion designers. She speaks Spanish, English, and Italian. After Elite, she signed to Trump Model Management, and in Milan, Names Model Agency.
Controversies.
Modeling photos.
After photos of Mendoza modeling naked for a jewelry firm surfaced, officials from the Miss Universe Organization decided against penalizing her, saying that the candid photos were not pornographic but "artistic in nature, and they don't have an ounce of pornographic content to them."
Guantanamo Bay visit.
On 27 March 2009, Mendoza documented a visit to Guantanamo Bay detention camp on her Internet blog. In it, she was quoted as saying, "was such a relaxing place, so calm and beautiful". She also stated that when she visited the detainees camps, "...we saw the jails, where they shower, how the recreate themselves with movies, classes of art, books. It was very interesting". In her home country, Venezuela, the issue became the talk of the town, with the president, Hugo Chávez, reconsidering the praise he had previously given her. The Miss Universe Organization has replied that "...comments on her blog were in reference to the hospitality she received while meeting the members of the U.S. military and their families who are stationed in Guantánamo". On 1 April 2009, the entry vanished from her blog.

</doc>
<doc id="19323208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323208" title="Gavin Walls">
Gavin Walls

Gavin Walls (born January 29, 1980 in Ripley, Mississippi) is a professional American football player, who most recently played with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He has also played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
A defensive end, Walls played collegiate football for the University of Arkansas. Following college, he attended training camp with the Minnesota Vikings, but was cut before the regular season. In 2004, he was drafted in the fifth round of the NFL Europe draft by the Scottish Claymores.
In February 2005, Walls signed with the Blue Bombers and ended up having one of the most successful rookie seasons in team history. He led the team in quarterback sacks with 12, second best that season in the CFL, and was named CFL Rookie of the Year following the 2005 season. He was recognized as CFL Lineman of the Week four times during the season and was selected as a CFL West Division All-Star and a CFLPA All-Star for the season. During the season, he scored two touchdowns, unusual for a defensive lineman. 
Walls's second season saw a similar level of performance, registering eleven quarterback sacks and earning honours as a CFL East Division All-Star in 2006.
In 2007, Walls played a substantial role in leading the Blue Bombers to the 95th Grey Cup, which they lost to the Saskatchewan Roughriders, 23-19.
Walls was signed to a new contract by the Blue and Gold heading into the 2009 season. He is regarded as the best in the league at the strong-side defensive end position, and his new contract reflects that.
On February 26, 2010 Gavin was traded to the Montreal Alouettes in exchange for non-import defensive end Stan Van Sichem.

</doc>
<doc id="19323235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323235" title="Roosevelt Middle School">
Roosevelt Middle School

Roosevelt Middle School may refer to several middle schools in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19323239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323239" title="Adamantine">
Adamantine

Adamantine can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19323248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323248" title="Mark Dawson">
Mark Dawson

Mark Richard Dawson (born 4 February 1960 in London, England) is an entertainment manager and CEO of Dawson, Reeves and Zutaut Entertainment Group (otherwise known as DRZ Entertainment Group). Dawson is also the first son of actor/game show host Richard Dawson and actress Diana Dors. Previously, he had worked as an assistant to producer Mark Goodson as well as a showcase and question writer for "The Price Is Right", "Concentration", "The Better Sex", "Match Game" and "Family Feud", and had served as a creative consultant of the latter show's second run with his father as host from 1994 to 1995. A young Dawson appeared alongside his father on a few early episodes of "Family Feud" as well. Dawson was also an associate producer at Rastar Productions and at NBC for "You Bet Your Life", a remake based on the old 1950s Groucho Marx TV program that his father's production company produced in the 1980s. In 2001, he was hired by Paul Schrader as a technical advisor for the movie "Auto Focus" starring Greg Kinnear and Willem Dafoe.
Currently, Dawson manages the all-female tribute bands The Iron Maidens ("World's Only Female Tribute to Iron Maiden") and the cover band Crabby Patty (I'm So Unclear!). He also manages the all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue (drummer Linda McDonald is a member of all three bands). In 2008, he along with Brad and Tom Zutaut developed a TV show based on tribute bands for New Wave Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="19323261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323261" title="Daniel H. Ludlow">
Daniel H. Ludlow

Daniel Hansen Ludlow (March 17, 1924 – February 14, 2009) was a professor of religion at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah. He was also the chief editor of the "Encyclopedia of Mormonism", published in 1992 by Macmillan. 
Biography.
Ludlow was raised in southern Utah County and attended public schools in such communities as Benjamin, Utah, Goshen, Utah and Spanish Fork. He studied at Utah State University where he served for two years as student body president. He then went on to receive an M.A. in education from Indiana University and a Ph.D. from Columbia University.
In 1947, Ludlow published "Latter-day Prophets Speak", a compilation of the teachings of various leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Ludlow joined BYU's faculty in 1955. He served for a time as the dean of Religious Education at BYU. In 1968, Ludlow headed the group of BYU students who were the first to go to the Holy Land under BYU auspices.
By 1972, Ludlow had left BYU and had become the director of teacher support services for the Church Educational System of the LDS Church. Ludlow was also one of the leading specialists in assisting Thomas S. Monson, Boyd K. Packer and Bruce R. McConkie in preparing the LDS Church editions of the Standard Works that were released from 1979 to 1981. During part of the 1980s, he served as director of Correlation Review for the LDS Church. Ludlow also served as a Sunday School teacher, as a branch president, as a member of a bishopric, in high councils and stake presidencies, as a regional representative of the Twelve, as president of Australia Perth Mission, and as a temple worker.
Ludlow and his wife Luene had one son, Victor L. Ludlow, and eight daughters. 
On February 14, 2009 Ludlow died of causes incident to age.
Publications.
Ludlow wrote several books of commentary on the scriptures, particularly the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants. He and his wife jointly wrote some articles for the LDS Church's "New Era" magazine in the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19323263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323263" title="Nature Conservation Act 1992">
Nature Conservation Act 1992

The Nature Conservation Act 1992 is an act of the Parliament of Queensland that provides for the legislative protection of Queensland's threatened biota. As originally published, it provided for biota to be declared "presumed extinct", "endangered", "vulnerable", "rare" or "common". In 2004 the act was amended to more closely align with the IUCN Red List categories: "presumed extinct" was changed to "extinct in the wild" and "common" was changed to "least concern". "Near threatened" was introduced as an eventual replacement for "rare", but the latter was to be phased out over time rather than immediately abandoned.
The act is administered by the state's Environmental Protection Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19323266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323266" title="Mark Hass">
Mark Hass

Mark Hass (born December 10, 1956) is a politician from the US state of Oregon. A Democrat, he currently represents District 14 in the Oregon State Senate. Hass is best known as an outspoken advocate of state-sponsored higher education. In 2014, the Oregon Legislative Assembly examined his "Oregon Promise," a bill which would provide free community college for Oregon high school graduates or those who have obtained a GED.
Early years.
Hass was born in Newport, Rhode Island on Dec. 20, 1956 and moved to Oregon with his parents as a young boy. Growing up, he was a Boy Scout and even received the distinction of Eagle Scout. 
In 1980, Hass graduated from University of Oregon with a Bachelor of Science in Journalism. In 1981, he went on to earn his Master of Arts in Communication from the American University School of Communication.
Prior to serving in the legislature, Hass spent 20 years as journalist, most recently at KATU television from 1984 to 2000. He won an Emmy Award in 1998 for writing.
Oregon legislature.
Hass was selected in fall 2007 by the County Commissions of Washington and Multnomah counties to serve the remainder of Senator Ryan Deckert's term, following Deckert's resignation. He was elected for a full term in 2008.
Hass is currently the Chairman of the Senate Education and Workforce Development Committee. He's also a member of the Finance and Revenue Committee and the Environment and Natural Resources Committee. In addition, he serves as Senate Democratic Whip.
In 2011, Hass carried a bill for full-day kindergarten, which replaces half-day kindergarten in Oregon public schools in the 2015-16 school year. In addition, Hass has become vocal about a restructuring the state’s higher education system. In 2011, as a member of the Higher Education Workgroup, he led the legislative efforts to pass SB 242, which provided greater autonomy for Oregon’s seven public universities. It also created the Higher Education Coordinating Commission. During that same 2011 session, Hass led the passage of SB 253, which put the 40-40-20 goals into state law. Those goals seek a workforce by 2025 that is 40 percent people who hold a bachelor’s degree or higher, 40 percent who hold a two-year degree and the remaining 20 percent people who hold the equivalent of a high school diploma.
In 2013, after chairing a task force on University Governance, Hass carried more education legislation, namely SB 270 which established university boards of trustees at Portland State University, Oregon State University and University of Oregon. 
Hass was also was a chief sponsor for legislation that made Oregon the first state in the country to require Automated External Defibrillators in large commercial buildings. Stemming from the well-publicized death of a 12-year-old boy in Beaverton, the bill passed with broad, bipartisan support.
Major accomplishments.
During the 2013 Regular Session, Senator Hass carried Senate Bill 270, which created institutional governing boards for the schools in the Oregon University System and allowed for greater independence. 
That same year, Hass was the chief sponsor of a bill that established the Accelerated Learning Committee, an institution promoting access to dual credit programs in Oregon high schools.
Hass has also been a pioneer in expanding access to subsidized higher education in Oregon. In the 2014 Short Session, Senator Hass introduced Senate Bill 1524, directing the Higher Education Coordinating Commission to examine the viability of program allowing two years of free community college for all Oregon high school graduates or those who've obtained a GED. If deemed feasible, a bill granting students free community college could go before the Oregon Legislative Assembly as soon as 2015. 
Personal life.
When he’s not serving in the legislature, Hass works as an account manager for Cappelli Miles, an advertising and brand identity firm with offices in Portland, Eugene and Denver. Hass is also a part of the Board of Directors for the Northwest Health Foundation.
Hass' wife, Tamra, who grew up in Pendleton, is a speech pathologist who has spent the last ten years specializing in helping children with autism and Aspergers Syndrome. She has co-written two books and CD manuals.

</doc>
<doc id="19323279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323279" title="Daniel Sharp (swimmer)">
Daniel Sharp (swimmer)

Daniel Sharp (born 10 December 1987 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a swimmer on New Zealand's paralympic team, who competed at both the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens and the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. Winning a bronze medal in 2004 for the 100 m breaststroke, he competed again in 2008 and won a silver medal.
Sharp currently holds the world record in the SB13 category over 50 m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19323293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323293" title="Society of Critical Care Medicine">
Society of Critical Care Medicine

The Society of Critical Care Medicine (SCCM), established in 1970, is an independently incorporated, international, educational and scientific society. Its 16,000 members are dedicated to providing the highest quality care to all critically ill and injured patients. The Society carries out this charitable mission through supporting research, providing education, and advocating on issues related to critical care.
History.
1927: the first hospital infant care center for premature infants was established at the Sarah Morris Hospital in Chicago.
Shock wards were established during World War II to care for injured soldiers.
1947-1948: the polio epidemic results in a breakthrough in the treatment of patients dying from respiratory paralysis. In Denmark, manual ventilation was accomplished through a tube placed in the trachea of polio patients. Patients with respiratory paralysis and/or suffering from acute circulatory failure required intensive nursing care.
1950s: the development of mechanical ventilation led to the organization of respiratory intensive care units (ICUs) Grouping the patients together provided a more efficient means of caring for critically ill patients of this nature.
1958: Intensive care began in the United States when Dr. W.E. Dandy opens a three-bed unit for postoperative neurosurgical patients at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.
1968: most United States hospitals reported having had at least one Intensive Care Unit. (Intensive Care Medicine ICU) 
1970: The SCCM is established at meeting of 29 physicians in Los Angeles, California. Max Harry Weil, MD, FCCM becomes the first president of the Society.
1972: Peter Safar, MD, FCCM becomes second president of Society of Critical Care Medicine. Dr. Safar is credited with pioneering CPR.
1986: the American Board of Medical Specialties approves a certification of special competence in critical care for the four primary boards: anesthesiology, internal medicine, pediatrics, and surgery.
1997: more than 5,000 ICUs were operational across the United States.
Mission statement.
The mission of the Society of Critical Care Medicine is to secure the highest quality care for all critically ill and injured patients.
Envisioned Future.
The Society of Critical Care Medicine envisions a world in which all critically ill and injured persons receive care from integrated teams of dedicated experts directed by trained and present intensivist physicians.
Multiprofessional teams use knowledge, technology and compassion to provide timely, safe, effective and efficient patient-centered care.
Conferences.
The Society holds its annual international conference in January or February. There are about 6,000 doctors, nurses, pharmacists and others that care for the critically ill from all over the world in attendance. The Society also holds numerous other conferences, symposia, courses and meetings to advance the practice of critical care.
Patient Information.
A number of resources for patients in the ICU and their families is available free to the general public. This include information on Post-intensive care syndrome and patient and family educational materials.
Periodicals.
See also references to or joint publications with:

</doc>
<doc id="19323296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323296" title="Winzler &amp; Kelly">
Winzler &amp; Kelly

Winzler & Kelly was an engineering and environmental services firm based in Santa Rosa, CA, with offices in California, Oregon, Washington, Guam, and Saipan. It was recognized as a "Best Multidiscipline A/E Services Firm to Work For" by "CE News" in 2010.
Winzler & Kelly was acquired by GHD Group in October 2011.
Notable projects.
Surface Transportation Pier, San Nicolas Island, CA
Winzler & Kelly was the lead design firm for this design/build project to construct a surface transportation pier and shore side support facilities at San Nicolas Island in the Channel Islands off the southern California coast. "This project is the first open-ocean, roll-on/roll-off cargo pier in the world." The project was managed by SouthWest Division for the NAVAIR Weapons Division at Point Mugu, CA.This project was the recipient of the 2005 Design-Build Institute of America Design-Build Excellence award for Transportation projects under $50 million.
Mission Bay Redevelopment, San Francisco, CA
Winzler & Kelly provided the services to plan, permit, and construct the infrastructure to support this large development in San Francisco. The development area is adjacent to the San Francisco Bay and the AT&T Park baseball stadium. The mixed-use development contains residential, commercial, institutional, and light industrial activities. This project won the 2004 Consulting Engineers and Land Surveyors of California Large Firm Merit Award.(Mission Bay, San Francisco, California)
Mokelumne River Project, Woodbridge, CA
The new -long fish passage facility on the Mokelumne River in Northern California is a model for fish passages worldwide. For decades the river was a well-known Coho salmon and steelhead migratory stream. A series of irrigation dams built since 1910 contained crude fish ladders to mitigate migration, that over time became less and less effective. By 1995 no steelhead were counted and the salmon run was nearly non-existent. The project team designed the new facility to include pneumatically operated steel gates and three state-of-the-art high and low-water fish ladders. In the facility’s first year of operation, over 16,000 salmon passed through the new ladders and 180 steelhead returned to their upstream hatchery beds. This projects was the recipient of the American Council of engineering companies 2007 Engineering Excellence Grand Award.
Mergers and acquisitions.
In December 2006, Winzler & Kelly merged with SJO Consulting Engineers, Inc.
In December 2009, Winzler & Kelly acquired Norris-Repke.

</doc>
<doc id="19323300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323300" title="Taliana Vargas">
Taliana Vargas

Taliana María Vargas Carrillo (born December 20, 1987 in Santa Marta) is a Colombian actress, fashion model, television personality, Miss Colombia 2007 and Miss Universe 2008 first runner-up. Vargas is a Colombian student of Journalism at the Northern Virginia Community College in Alexandria, Virginia.
Vargas is of Greek descent through her grandparents, and has Italian relatives. She speaks fluent Spanish, English, and Italian, as well as some Greek and Arabic.
Miss Colombia 2007.
Vargas was crowned as Miss Colombia on November 12, 2007, thus bringing the first crown to her home department of Magdalena, Colombia. During the three-week long competition, she was also awarded with the Miss Elegance, Best Face Award and The Queen of the Police.
Miss Universe 2008.
During the pageant, Vargas was a top 10 finalist in the Best National Costume competition and in the Best In Bikini event (which had no bearings on the selection of the top 15 semi-finalists), Vargas was awarded 2nd place while Miss Mexico, Elisa Nájera, took first place. On July 14, 2008 during the pageant's finals, Vargas was announced as one of the 15 semi-finalists. In the swimsuit competition, she received the highest score with 9.433, thus entering the top 10 in first place. During the evening gown portion, she received one of the highest televised scores in recent years: 9.829. Vargas thus became one of the 5 final contestants, coming in first place. Despite being the clear winner in two out of the three rounds, after the interview portion, it was Dayana Mendoza of Venezuela who would went on to win title of Miss Universe 2008 while Vargas ended up as 1st Runner-Up. Other than Luz Marina Zuluaga's win in 1958 this is the highest placement Colombia has reached since 1994 when Carolina Gómez also placed 1st Runner-Up.
Personal career.
Taliana Vargas is currently one of the most promising actresses as well as a successful model in Colombia. She took her first leading role as "Niña Cabrales" in the RCN TV soap opera "Chepe Fortuna" in 2010, the show was a huge success in Colombia and other parts of South America, by which she won a TVyNovelas Award as Favorite Actress in a Leading Role.
Taliana Vargas is currently the main character in a Colombian soap opera named "Rafael Orozco El Idolo." According to shows and the news, this CaracolTV production is the most watch show in Colombia right now. The soap opera is about a Vallenato singer from Valledupar, Colombia. Taliana's role is as the wife of the singer. Her beauty and good acting are seen in the show. 
She has been the image of various well-known brands in her homeland such as L'Oréal Paris Elvive, Studio F, Nestlé and appeared in many publications. She is often chosen by experts and magazines as a fashion icon and one of the most beautiful women in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="19323319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323319" title="Honduras–Russia relations">
Honduras–Russia relations

Honduras–Russia relations are the bilateral relations between Honduras and Russia. Both countries have signed diplomatic relations on September 30, 1990. Honduras is represented in Russia through its embassy in Paris (France). Russia is represented in Honduras through its embassy in Managua (Nicaragua) and two honorary consulates (in San Pedro Sula and Tegucigalpa).
Both countries are full members of the International Monetary Fund and the United Nations.
Bilateral relations.
Diplomatic relations between the USSR and Honduras started on September 30, 1990. After the breakup of the Soviet Union, Honduras recognized Russia as the USSR's successor on January 3, 1992. In 1993 in both countries ambassadors accredited in combination - Ambassador of the Russian Federation, Ambassador of Nicaragua, and of Honduras in France. In 1995, the Honorary Consul of Russia was built in Honduras, was appointed a major entrepreneur Fredy Antonio Nasser Selman. It supports inter-parliamentary ties. In 1988 and 1991 in Moscow, the delegation visited the National Congress of Honduras. In 1989 he traveled to Honduras. In late September 1996 a visit to the country the delegation of the Federation Council of Federal Assembly of Russian Federation headed by Moscow Gordumy VM Platonov. To date, the Russian-Honduran context, has achieved some progress. It is a political dialogue on pressing international issues, Central American contacts at the United Nations. After the 2009 Honduran coup d'etat, a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry condemned Zelaya's overthrow and called it a "gross violation of basic democratic norms." Russia also welcomed the efforts by regional organizations and groups trying "to work out a solution within the framework of international law."

</doc>
<doc id="19323323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323323" title="Eugène Moke Motsüri">
Eugène Moke Motsüri

Eugène Moke Motsüri (born March 25, 1916) is a Democratic Republic of the Congo prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. As of 2014 he is one of the oldest living bishops and the oldest bishop in Africa.
Motsüri was born in Mongobele, part of the Belgian Congo at the time, and ordained as a priest on June 9, 1946. Motsüri was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Kinshasa and Titular bishop of Lestona September 1, 1970. Motsüri stayed on as Auxiliary bishop of Archdiocese of Kinshasa until his retirement on May 11, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19323330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323330" title="Ian Stendal">
Ian Stendal

Ian Avram Stendal
(b. Jan Stendal, January 14, 1913, Prague – d. November 18, 1992, North Hollywood, California). Photographer.
Ian Stendal was born to middle-class parents on the eve of World War I, in what was then the state of Bohemia in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. His father, Konrad Stendal, was an executive at the Chemicke Zavody Sokolov chemical company, and his mother was Sara Marculis, whose family owned several successful dime stores in Prague and Pilsen. Stendal took an early interest in photography while working in his uncle’s camera shop in Prague. In the early 1930s, Stendal was a student at the University of Frankfurt in Germany, where he took classes with Paul Tillich and Theodor Adorno. Although he had planned to study art, Stendal left Frankfurt when the Nazis came to power. In 1934 took a sales position with the Swiss camera company Paillard Bolex. In 1939, Stendal was sent to the United States as a Paillard-Bolex representative at the New York World’s Fair. 
During his stay in the United States, the Germans invaded and occupied Czechoslovakia, and Stendal was cut off from his family and home. Through the intervention of Ezra Brockway, the U.S. importer of Paillard-Bolex, Stendal was able to remain in the United States. However, in 1940, Stendal went to Canada in order to enlist in the Canadian armed forces. He was accepted into the 1st Canadian Infantry and was sent to England in late 1940. In 1942, Stendal was wounded in the catastrophic Dieppe Raid. He was taken prisoner, but after two failed attempts he escaped from a prisoner of war camp. During the same period, his mother and her family were deported to the Theresienstadt concentration camp and none survived the war. His father, who was not Jewish, died in 1944. It is believed that Konrad Stendal committed suicide by ingesting photographic processing chemicals at hand in his brother’s store. After the war, Ian Stendal became a naturalized Canadian. He returned to work for Paillard-Bolex and moved to Los Angeles, California. While acting as the Paillard-Bolex agent for the major film studios, Stendal also opened a small photographic studio on Fairfax Boulevard in Los Angeles. He left Paillard-Bolex in 1950 to become a technical advisor to the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios. In the late 1940s, Stendal renewed a friendship with Adorno, who was then living in L.A. and Stendal became involved in the émigré intellectual community coalescing around Hollywood. 
Around this time, Stendal became fascinated by Los Angeles street life and turned his lens toward capturing the vast diversity of life he found in the city. Seldom ironic, Stendal sought very literal and personal renderings of his subjects, giving the audience a more emotional and direct experience of what they might otherwise consider prosaic. Much of his street photography is marked by a brightness and vitality unusual in that art form and he was one of the few street photographers to embrace Kodachrome film, eschewing the black and white standard to celebrate the vigor and energy of California life. 
Unlike his fellow émigrés, many of whom returned to Europe after the war, Stendal remained in California until he died. In 1952, he married Olivia Newmark (b. Olga Navarova), an actress he had met while working on the set of Nancy Goes to Rio. 
In 1958, Stendal began teaching photography at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California. In 1962, the International Museum of Photography at George Eastman House mounted Stendal's first solo museum show. Stendal was included in the 1967 "New Documents" exhibition, at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City along with Lee Friedlander, Garry Winogrand and Diane Arbus. In 1989, the Museum of Modern Art displayed a major retrospective of Stendal’s works. His work was displayed again by the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art as a retrospective in 1992, just before his death. Having grown up in the verdant city of Prague, Stendal was fascinated by the bizarre and thrilling images of people almost cavalierly adapting to a harsh life in the desert. Throughout the 1970s and 80s, he made yearly summer trips to Palm Springs, Las Vegas, Phoenix, and Tucson. A selection of photographs from these trips was published as Urban / Desert and was displayed at the Whatley Gallery in Los Angeles in 1998. A large collection of his work, unseen by the public, is currently in the hands of a private collector who has plans of releasing some of the photographs for publication.

</doc>
<doc id="19323333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323333" title="Beat Surf Fun">
Beat Surf Fun

Beat Surf Fun is the third studio album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. The entire album was recorded on analog tape at a practice space the band rented in Ballard, WA. It is the first record the band released on Magic Marker Records based in Portland, OR. The album included the single "Wild Bikini" and the international indiepop hit "Twee." "Beat Surf Fun" also marks the first appearance of vocalist, Jenny Mears, who would eventually join Tullycraft. The design of the CD back card can be confusing since it lists the title of the album on the sides as "Fun Beat Surf" and "Surf Beat Fun" respectively.
Track listing.
"All tracks by Tullycraft except where noted."
Personnel.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19323351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323351" title="Alex Michaelis">
Alex Michaelis

Alex Michaelis is an architect based in London, England. He gained notoriety in 2005 for building his own residence underground, using green building techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="19323362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323362" title="Age disparity in sexual relationships">
Age disparity in sexual relationships

Age disparity in sexual relationships, and sexual relationships between individuals of a significant difference in age, have been documented for most of recorded history, and have been regarded with a wide range of attitudes, from normalized acceptance to taboo. Concepts of these relationships, and of the exact definition of a "significant" age disparity, have developed over time and vary between societies, legal systems (particularly with regards to the age of consent), and ethical systems. These views are rarely uniform even within cultures, and are affected by views of consent, marriage, and gender roles, and by perceptions of social and economic differences between age groups.
Average age difference between couples in developed world is between two to three years, with the female partner being younger. Marriage between parters of roughly similar age is known as "age homogamy".
Statistics.
Relationships with age disparity of all kinds have been observed with both men and women as the older or younger partner. In various cultures, older men and younger women often seek one another for sexual or marital relationships. Older women sometimes date younger men as well, and in both cases wealth and physical attractiveness are often relevant.
In the developed world, most men marry women younger than themselves, with the difference being between two to three years; with the UK reporting the difference to be on average about three years, and the US, two and a half. The pattern was also confirmed for the rest of the world, with the gap being largest in Africa. A study released in 2003 by the United Kingdom's Office for National Statistics concluded that the proportion of women in England and Wales marrying younger men rose from 15% to 26% between 1963 and 1998. The study also showed a higher divorce rate as the age difference rose when the woman was older and a lower divorce rate as the age difference rose when the man was older. A 2008 study, however, concluded that the difference is not significant.
In August 2010, Michael Dunn of the University of Wales Institute, Cardiff completed and released the results of a study on age disparity in dating. Dunn concluded that "Not once across all ages and countries...did females show a preference for males significantly younger than male preferences for females" and that there was a "consistent cross-cultural preference by women for at least same-age or significantly older men." A 2003 AARP study reported that 34% of women over 39 years old were dating younger men.
A 2010 study suggested that age disparity in marriage is positively correlated with decreased longevity, particularly for women, though married individuals still have longer lifespans than singles.
Reasons for age disparity.
Explanations for age disparity usually focus on either the rational choice model or the analysis of demographic trends in a society. The rational choice model suggests that people look for partners who can provide for them in their life (bread-winners); as males traditionally earn more as they get older, females will therefore prefer older men. This factor is diminishing as more women enter the labor force and the gender pay gap decreases. The demographic trends are concerned with the gender ratio in the society, the marriage squeeze, and migration patterns. Another explanation concerns cultural values: the higher the value placed in having children, the higher the age gap will be.
As people have chosen to marry later, the age differences between couples have increased as well. In other words, age differences are greater for couples who marry at a later age.
In a Brown University study, it has been noted that the social structure of a country determines the age difference between spouses more than any other factor. One of the concerns of relationships with age disparities in some cultures is a perceived difference between people of different age ranges. These differences may be sexual, financial or social in nature. Gender roles may complicate this even further. Socially, a society with a difference in wealth distribution between older and younger people that may affect the dynamics of the relationship.
Modern culture.
The "half-your-age-plus-seven" rule.
The "never date anyone under half your age plus seven" rule is a rule of thumb used by some to judge whether the age difference in an intimate relationship is socially acceptable. 
Often said to be a French maxim, it appeared in American newspapers in 1931, attributed to Maurice Chevalier, and in the 1951 play "The Moon Is Blue" by F. Hugh Herbert, and subsequently in the 1953 Otto Preminger film of the play.

</doc>
<doc id="19323383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323383" title="Lord Dorchester Secondary School">
Lord Dorchester Secondary School

Lord Dorchester Secondary School is a Thames Valley District School Board Secondary School located in the town of Dorchester, Ontario, part of the municipality of Thames Centre, in the county of Middlesex, in Ontario, Canada.
Although small when compared to urban secondary schools, Lord Dorchester is larger than many rural-area schools. The student population hovers in the range of 500 to 600 students. Lord Dorchester is a strong academic school (based on provincial test scores), but also offers a range of non-academic courses such as shop classes to go along with core subjects in mathematics, sciences, and the arts. The mascot of Lord Dorchester is the Canadian Beaver. 
The School.
Lord Dorchester Secondary School was constructed in 1961 and is named for Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester.
The current school grounds include a two-story school building with an attached cafeteria and a gymnasium, two auxiliary storage buildings, and a very large open field that accommodates school sports as well as community recreation.
The school offers base programs at par with most schools, as well as some other open programs. However, students keen on taking open programs, particularly in the arts, have had to transfer to other schools, such as H. B. Beal Secondary School.
Throughout the years, the school has undergone a series of renovations and upgrades. In the early 1990s, a state-of-the-art music room was built as an addition to the school. Over the summer of 2007 asbestos was removed and windows and exterior doors were upgraded. In 2010, new carpet was installed in the library.
For the most part, classrooms in the school are rather outdated. Many of the school's computers were acquired secondhand from other schools, and only a small wing has air conditioning. However, in recent years the school has purchased new desks, computers, and Smart Boards (A responsibility of the administration of the school). Also, every classroom is now equipped with its own data projector.
The school is surrounded by residential areas centrally located in the town of Dorchester, where a large percentage of the staff and students reside. Other students are bused in from surrounding communities such as Belmont, Putnam, and Thorndale.
Every few years the school puts on a musical. Most recent musicals were Footloose in 2006 and Little Shop of Horrors in 2010.
Sports and Athletics.
Lord Dorchester has a relatively small number of extracurricular sports and athletic programs. The school competes in the 'AA' class under the Thames Valley Regional Athletic Association (TVRAA), the Western Ontario Secondary Schools Athletic Association (WOSSAA), and provincially under the Ontario Federation of School Athletic Associations (OFSAA). All teams are run by faculty staff. Boy's and girl's teams participate in hockey, basketball, volleyball, soccer, golf, tennis, archery, badminton, wrestling, curling, track and field, and cross country running. The track and field team is a source of pride for the school due to recent successes at WOSSA by the team.
In the earlier years, Lord Dorchester Secondary School had a football team, although it is now defunct. Recent attempts to bring rugby and swimming teams to the school were short lived. The girl's field hockey team was recently cancelled.
A girl's cheerleading squad was recently added to the athletics program.
The school's sports facilities include a gymnasium with a retractable partition, and a large outdoor green field with a non-regulation baseball diamond, a 400m oval gravel track, pole vault and distance-jumping pits, a large soccer pitch, as well as several miniature soccer pitches for young children in the community. The school's gymnasium can easily be configured into basketball, volleyball, and badminton courts.
A weight room was a recent addition to the school's sports facilities and students can obtain a membership for a small fee. The Run to the Fair is a local 5k road race with the proceeds from the race go to support efforts like the fundraising for the weight room.
Manufacturing and Computer Technology.
The back of the school is home to an expansive technology wing with several large classrooms dedicated manufacturing and computer technology. On the main floor of the technology wing there are classrooms for automotive and engine repair, tool and die manufacturing, electronics, and woodworking and cabinetry. On the upper floor there are several computer labs which offer classes in accounting and business, programming and design, and keyboarding. The upper floor of the technology wing is the only part of the school with air conditioning.
Clubs and Ensembles.
In any given year, the school runs many clubs. These include Reach For The Top, and the Safe Schools Committee. In recent years, more clubs have been added, such as the Eco Club and the Guitar Club. In 2009, students founded the Global Issues Club, which is now one of the most popular clubs in the school. Its purpose is to raise school awareness about global issues. For instance, following the 2010 Haiti earthquake, the club hosted the Haiti Hootenanny - a charitable event that raised a lot of money for Haiti relief.
Throughout the past decade, the Lord Dorchester Senior Concert Band has had extremely good success in the Kiwanis Music Festival. The ensemble has captured several division titles, most recently in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19323387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323387" title="Robert R. Redfield">
Robert R. Redfield

Robert R. Redfield Jr. is an American virologist, a professor of Medicine at University of Maryland, Baltimore and a co-founder and associate director of the Institute of Human Virology (IHV) at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. Dr. Redfield is known for his pioneering contributions in clinical research, and in particular for his extensive research into the virology and therapeutic treatments of HIV infection and AIDS. During the 1980s in the early years of investigation into the AIDS pandemic Redfield led the research that was the first to conclusively demonstrate that the HIV retrovirus could be heterosexually transmitted. He also developed the staging system now in use worldwide for the clinical assessment of HIV infection.
Redfield's parents were both scientists at the National Institutes of Health, and Redfield's career in medical research was influenced by this background. At college Redfield gained experience working in laboratories at Columbia University where the involvement of retroviruses in human disease was investigated.
As an undergraduate Redfield attended Georgetown University, obtaining a B.S. from the university's College of Arts and Sciences in 1973. He then attended Georgetown University School of Medicine, and was awarded his M.D. in 1977. Redfield's medical residency was undertaken at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC) in Washington, D.C., where he completed his postgraduate medical training and internships in internal medicine (1978–1980). By 1982 at WRAMC Redfield had completed clinical and research fellowships in infectious diseases and tropical medicine. Redfield continued as a U.S. Army physician and medical researcher at the WRAMC for the next decade, working in the fields of virology, immunology and clinical research. During this period he collaborated with numerous teams at the forefront of AIDS research, publishing several key papers and was a strong and innovative advocate for strategies to translate knowledge gained from clinical studies to the practical treatment of patients afflicted by chronic viral diseases.
Redfield retired from WRAMC in 1995, to concentrate on setting up a multidisciplinary research organization dedicated to developing research and treatment programs for chronic human viral infection and disease. To this end, in 1996 Redfield co-founded the Institute of Human Virology based at Maryland, together with his HIV research colleagues Dr. Robert Gallo, the co-discoverer of the HIV retrovirus, and noted viral epidemiologist Dr. William Blattner.
Recognition awards acquired over the course of his research career include an honorary degree from the New York Medical College, a lifetime services award from the Institute for Advanced Studies in Immunology and Aging, and the Surgeon General's Physician Recognition Award.
Controversy
In 1993, Redfield was the subject of a U.S. Army investigation into allegations that he had intentionally overstated the results of a therapeutic HIV vaccine undergoing clinical trials. The Army cleared Redfield of these charges, but did chastise him for an excessively close relationship with the conservative non-governmental group "Americans for a Sound AIDS/HIV Policy".

</doc>
<doc id="19323402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323402" title="Anneka Rice">
Anneka Rice

Anne "Anneka" Rice (born 4 October 1958) is a Welsh television presenter.
Early life and education.
Rice was born in Cowbridge, Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. 
She was educated at three independent schools: at Dunrobin School, Limpsfield, Surrey; St Michael's Surrey and Croydon High School.
Anne Rice adopted the name "Anneka" when she joined the British actors' union Equity, as her birth-name had already been registered with that organisation.
Career.
Rice began her TV career as a trainee for the BBC World Service. At the age of 19 she moved to Hong Kong, where she presented the news on English language television station TVB Pearl. Upon returning to the UK three years later, she worked as a secretary in the BBC Children's department.
In 1983 she landed her first major TV job as the jump-suited "skyrunner" of Channel 4's "Treasure Hunt", which was hosted by former BBC newsman Kenneth Kendall. The show proved one of Channel 4's most popular programmes and was nominated for a BAFTA in 1986, in the category "Best Light Entertainment Programme". In the same year, Rice was given the "Rear of the Year" award. Rice left "Treasure Hunt" when she became pregnant in 1988, being replaced by former tennis player Annabel Croft.
Rice hosted the BBC's Children in Need appeal in 1987 and tested an early version of her next project, "Challenge Anneka". This had been devised by Rice herself and was launched in 1989 on BBC 1. It ran for a further five years and was revived by ITV as part of their Christmas 2006 schedule.
Personal life.
Rice was married to theatre boss Nick Allott, with whom she has two sons: Thomas (born 1988) and Josh (born 1990). Allott and Rice split in 1992 after she began an affair with TV executive Tom Gutteridge. They parted six months after her third son, Sam, was born in 1997. In 1994 Rice presented "Capital Woman", a weekly women's magazine programme for Carlton Television (ITV), which, like "Challenge Anneka", was produced by Gutteridge's company Mentorn. Later she also presented "Holiday" for BBC One. In 1995 "Challenge Anneka" was axed by the BBC.
Rice decided to quit television to spend time with her three children, and spent five years studying painting at Chelsea College of Art. In 2005 she began a relationship with writer Simon Bell.
Return to TV.
As a result of her owning the rights to "Challenge Anneka" Rice returned to television in a co-producer role in September 2001 when she was approached by the ABC network in the U.S. to produce a new series based on the format, which was branded "Challenge America" and hosted by Erin Brockovich.
After finishing her art degree, in 2003 Rice returned to presenting on the Five show "Dinner Doctors" alongside relationship advisor Jenni Trent Hughes.
Rice has written books on skiing and scuba-diving. In 2005 she endorsed a line of anti-aging products.
Returning to the limelight Rice had a lead role in "The Vagina Monologues" which played at Birmingham Hippodrome from 31 January to 4 February 2006.
Rice returned to ITV in June 2006 to co-host a Sunday morning cookery show, "Sunday Feast". She also took part in the ITV programme "Extinct" presented by Sir Trevor McDonald and Zoë Ball which saw Rice and seven other well known celebrities visit endangered animals in their natural habitat and plead their case so that viewers would pick up the phone and vote for their animal to receive a large sum of money to try to save them from extinction. Rice's chosen animal was the polar bear. Rice did not win as the money went to the Bengal tigers and their celebrity, Pauline Collins.
On 9 June 2006 it was announced that "Challenge Anneka" would return, but this time on ITV. The first of three specials was broadcast on Boxing Day 2006. A further episode was aired on 6 June 2007. In September 2007, she appeared in the third series of "Hell's Kitchen".
Rice appeared as a contestant on episode 5 of "Celebrity Mastermind" (broadcast 1 January 2010) with comedian Ed Byrne, actor Tristan Gemmill and comedian/actor John Bishop. She chose the life and career of Jean Rhys as her specialist subject and finished as runner-up to the winner, Gemmill.
In June 2012 Rice co-hosted a BBC1 programme "Rolf Paints... Diamond Jubilee" with Rolf Harris in celebration of Queen Elizabeth II's jubilee. In the programme a number of people are encouraged to express their Jubilee celebrations from past to present through personal experiences.
In August 2012 she became co-presenter of "The Flowerpot Gang" on BBC 1 with Joe Swift (TV garden presenter) and Phil Tufnell (ex cricketer).
Radio.
Rice and Patrick Kielty filled in for Alan Carr and Melanie Sykes on BBC Radio 2 in January 2012 for two weeks only. She was confirmed in February 2012, as the successor to Zoë Ball on Radio 2's Weekend Breakfast show, on Saturday mornings from 6am.
References.
Reporter on Queens Diamond Jubilee Thames Pageant. 3rd June 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19323411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323411" title="Selfish (disambiguation)">
Selfish (disambiguation)

Selfish refers to taking interest in oneself.
Selfish may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19323412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323412" title="Kamil Glik">
Kamil Glik

Kamil Jacek Glik (born 3 February 1988 in Jastrzębie Zdrój) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Torino (for which he captains) and the Polish national team.
Club career.
Early career.
His junior carrier started in MOSiR Jastrzębie later he played many years in "football school" WSP Wodzisław Śląski.
From 2006 to 2008, Glik played for UD Horadada and Real Madrid C in Spain. On 6 August 2008, he signed a four-year contract with Polish top division side Piast Gliwice. He made his Ekstraklasa debut on 30 August 2008, coming on as a sub. From the next match, he became a regular in the team's starting eleven.
Palermo.
In July 2010, it was reported that Glik had begun talks with Italian side Palermo. The move was officially confirmed by Palermo on 7 July with Glik signing a 5 year contract. He made his debut for Palermo during the Europa League play-off's against Maribor, playing as a starter. Glik collected a further three appearances for Palermo during the Europa League group stages, but failed to play in Serie A for the "rosaneri".
Bari.
On 28 December 2010, Palermo announced his loan to Bari. He made his debut for Bari on 6 January 2011 in a 0–1 win over Lecce.
Torino.
In 2011, Glik briefly trained with Torino before transferring to the Serie B side in a co-ownership agreement for €300,000. He made his debut on 13 August 2011 against Lumezzane in Coppa Italia, won 1–0. On 6 April 2012, he scored his first goal for Torino and the match-winner against Reggina (1–0). He ended the season with 23 appearances and two goals and Torino were promoted to Serie A.
On 22 June 2012, Torino and Palermo chose to renew the co-ownership agreement for an additional year. He scored his first goal in Serie A on 31 October 2012 against Lazio, ending 1–1.
On 2 December 2012, he was sent off during the Turin derby for a reckless tackle on Emanuele Giaccherini. Torino achieved safety from relegation on the penultimate day of the season by playing to a draw against Chievo Verona.
Glik was appointed team captain the following season after the departure of Rolando Bianchi. He became the first non-Italian to captain Torino since 1960, and only the third Pole to captain an Italian top flight team after Zbigniew Boniek and Marek Kozminski. The co-ownership agreement between Torino and Palermo was resolved in favour of Torino on 20 July 2013. On 9 December 2013 Glik scored against Lazio to give Torino the win 1–0.
International career.
Glik currently plays for the Poland national football team, having made his debut in January 2010 in the King's Cup match against Thailand. Previously, he represented Poland at U-21 and U-19 levels.
Personal life.
He has a daughter with his wife Marta who he met in elementary school. The couple reside in Turin. 
In 2013, Italian rapper Willie Peyote dedicated a song to him titled, "Glik".

</doc>
<doc id="19323424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323424" title="Pentavision">
Pentavision

Pentavision was a South Korean video game developer. It developed "S4 League", "DuelGate" and the "DJMAX series". It was a division of Neowiz Games. As of July 2012, Pentavision merged with GameOn Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19323507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323507" title="Vladimir Denisov (ice hockey)">
Vladimir Denisov (ice hockey)

Vladimir Mikhailovich Denisov () (born June 29, 1984) is a Belarussian ice hockey defenseman currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League. He participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus National men's ice hockey team.
Playing career.
Denisov played in the Russian Hockey Super League for HC Lada Togliatti in the 2006-07 season. With ambitions to play in the NHL, Vladimir signed with affiliate of the Colorado Avalanche, the Lake Erie Monsters, in the AHL for the 2007-08 season.
While using the season with the Monsters to adjust to the North American game, Denisov impressed with his physicality and signed his first NHL contract with the New York Rangers for the 2008-09 season on July 10, 2008. Denisov was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack, to start the season. Vladimir eclipsed previous highs for goals and assists, however frustrated from lack of opportunity with the Rangers he requested a trade in January but played the season out.
On September 5, 2009, Vladimir was invited to the Washington Capitals training camp for the 2009-10 season. Failing to earn a contract with the Capitals, and rejecting the option to try-out with the Capitals affiliate, the Hershey Bears, Denisov returned to Belarus where he signed for HC Dinamo Minsk of the KHL on September 29, 2009. Denisov appeared on the Blueline in 42 games with Minsk and posted 14 points but as the team was unable to advance to the playoffs, he was not tendered a new contract.
On September 29, 2010, Denisov moved to the Swiss National League A, signing to a one-year contract with HC Ambrì-Piotta.
Denisov returned to Dinamo Minsk as a main-stay on the blueline for the following two seasons before signing a contract with KHL rival Salavat Yulaev Ufa for two-years on May 22, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19323513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323513" title="Peter Blacker">
Peter Blacker

Peter Douglas Blacker (born 20 October 1941) is a former Australian politician who represented the seat of Flinders in the South Australian House of Assembly for the Nationals SA from 1973 to 1993. During that time he was the only Nationals member in the South Australian parliament. He is now the Chair of the Minister’s Regional Communities Consultative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19323544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323544" title="City of Subarus">
City of Subarus

City of Subarus is the second album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. Chris Munford from the band Incredible Force of Junior joined Tullycraft prior to the recording of this album, making the three piece a foursome. On this sophomore release, Tullycraft introduced electronic beats and a somewhat surprising punk-ish sound that wasn't present on their much beloved debut Old Traditions, New Standards. The entire record was self-recorded using an Otari MX5050 8-track analog tape machine at a house rented by Munford and drummer Jeff Fell. The house was located across the street from a Subaru dealership, inspiring the album's title. Jen Abercrombie from the Los Angeles band Rizzo provided additional vocals on many of the songs. 
Track listing.
1. "8 Great Ways"
2. "Belinda"
3. "Ticket Tonight"
4. "Crush This Town"
5. "Godspeed"
6. "Miss Douglas County"
7. "Actives & Pledges"
8. "The Lives of Cleopatra"
9. "Bee Sting Stings"
10. "Vacation in Christine, ND"

</doc>
<doc id="19323565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323565" title="Yousef Al Otaiba">
Yousef Al Otaiba

Yousef Al Otaiba () is the current United Arab Emirates Ambassador to the United States. Formerly, Al Otaiba served as a non-resident ambassador to Mexico.
Career.
Before being appointed Ambassador to the United States, Al Otaiba served for seven years as the Director of International Affairs for the Court of the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi. During that time, he was a senior advisor to HH General Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. In these roles, Al Otaiba has helped strengthen the UAE’s security and economic relations throughout the region. Al Otaiba was sworn in as the UAE Ambassador to the United States on June 22, 2008. In July 2010, remarks made by Al Otaiba, were interpreted as supporting a United States military strike on nuclear reactors in Iran. Al Otaiba’s remarks are reported to be the standard position of many Arab states.
Trade and investment.
For several years, Al Otaiba facilitated meetings between the UAE and other foreign economic interests, which have resulted in partnership agreements.
As one of his first official events after presenting his credentials to President George W. Bush, he stressed the importance of the economic ties between the two countries, outlining his vision for continued cooperation through business and investment.
Education.
Al Otaiba obtained a degree in international relations from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., after graduating from Cairo American College.

</doc>
<doc id="19323577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323577" title="Richter 858">
Richter 858

Richter 858 is an album by Bill Frisell of improvised music inspired by the paintings of German artist Gerhard Richter and performed by Frisell, Eyvind Kang, Jenny Scheinman and Hank Roberts. The album was originally released as part of a limited-edition volume of Gerhard Richter's paintings which also contained poetry and essays by Dave Hickey and Klaus Kertess inspired by the artist's work. The album was rereleased in 2005 on the Songlines label with a CD-ROM with MP3 music to accompany a slide show of the paintings, which can also be found reproduced in the booklet.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Sean Westergaard awarded the album 4 stars stating "This is a very interesting new sound for Bill Frisell, and apparently this band is developing more music together outside the scope of the original project. Recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="19323586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323586" title="Keiki Nishiyama">
Keiki Nishiyama

Keiki Nishiyama (西山 慶樹 "Nishiyama Keiki", born 19 October 1988) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.

</doc>
<doc id="19323590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323590" title="Conservation reserve">
Conservation reserve

A conservation reserve is a protected area set aside for conservation purposes.
Conservation reserves by country.
United States.
In the United States the Conservation Reserve Program offers annual payments for 10-15 year contracts to participants who establish grass, shrub and tree cover on environmentally sensitive lands. It was reauthorized in the 1996 Farm Bill and the 2002 Farm Bill.

</doc>
<doc id="19323596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323596" title="Venediktos Printesis">
Venediktos Printesis

Venediktos Printesis (February 10, 1917 – October 21, 2008) was a Greek Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Printesis was born in Manna, Greece in February 1917, and was ordained a priest on March 23, 1940. He was appointed Archbishop of the Diocese of Athens on May 15, 1959 and ordained bishop June 21, 1959. Venediktos resigned as Archbishop on November 17, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19323618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323618" title="You Found Me">
You Found Me

"You Found Me" is the first single by Denver-based piano rock band The Fray from their eponymous second studio album. Live performances of the song from concerts in Europe surfaced on YouTube in late 2007, when the song was titled "Amistad". The band began streaming the song on their website on November 21, 2008. The single was digitally released in the U.S., Canadian, UK, Australian and French iTunes Stores and had a physical release later on.
The song became the group's third single to sell 2,000,000 downloads in the United States, after "How to Save a Life" and "Over My Head (Cable Car)". The single was certified double platinum by the RIAA and the ARIA in 2009.
The song was nominated for a "Choice Music: Rock Track" award at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards. 
The song was ranked #13 on the "Hot 100 Songs of 2009" list and #36 on Billboard's "Best Adult Pop Songs of the Decade" list. It was also ranked #42 on Billboard's "Top 100 Digital Tracks of the Decade" list and #61 on the ARIA's list of the "Top 100 Tracks of the Decade."
"You Found Me" would become Epic's final hit until 2013, when A Great Big World gained popularity with their single "Say Something". 
Background and writing.
In an interview, lead singer and pianist Isaac Slade expressed his meaning behind the lyrics of the song:
"You Found Me" is a tough song for me. It's about the disappointment, the heart ache, the let down that comes with life. Sometimes you’re let down, sometimes you’re the one who lets someone else down. It gets hard to know who you can trust, who you can count on. This song came out of a tough time, and I’m still right in the thick of it. There’s some difficult circumstances my family and friends have been going through over the past year or so and it can be overwhelming. It wears on me. It demands so much of my faith to keep believing, keep hoping in the unseen. Sometimes the tunnel has a light at the end, but usually they just look black as night. This song is about that feeling, and the hope that I still have, buried deep in my chest.”
In another interview Isaac Slade declared that:
"I kept getting these phone calls from home - tragedy after tragedy... If there is some kind of Person in charge of this planet - are they sleeping? Smoking? Where are they? I just imagined running into God standing on a street corner like Bruce Springsteen, smoking a cigarette, and I'd have it out with Him."
In a Reuters article about the album, Slade stated that the lyrics for "You Found Me" were written in 2007, and that the song asks about the problem of evil, why bad things happen to good people, after some of their friends and family went through very tough times.
Many others say that the song represents the reason we cope with things and how abandonment plays a role in everyday life.
Chart performance.
"You Found Me" debuted at number 28 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it the band's highest debut on the chart to date. On the February 7, 2009, issue of "Billboard" magazine, the single jumped to number eight on the strength of a 91% digital single sales increase from the previous week and steady airplay gains on several radio formats, becoming The Fray's third career Billboard Hot 100 top ten hit after "Over My Head (Cable Car)" and "How To Save A Life". It peaked at number seven, their second highest peaking song on the chart. On the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks chart, the song reached number one, making it their third top five hit and second number one on that chart. The song has sold over 3,000,000 downloads in the US alone as of October 2011. 
On the Canadian Hot 100 it debuted at number 51, and jumped to number 13 the following week also based on sales strength and would go on to peak at number 12 in mid-February. In the United Kingdom, the song reached number 35.
In its first week on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, the song debuted at number 15 and peaked at number one. It marks the Fray's first ever number-one song in Australia and second top-ten hit. The Fray held this spot for four weeks until Flo Rida's "Right Round" knocked it off the top spot. More than two and a half years since exiting the ARIA Top 50, it returned to the chart at #50 for the week starting 28 November 2011, on the back of "The X Factor Australia" runner-up Andrew Wishart collaborating with The Fray on the show's grand finale.
B-side.
The B-side track to the single is a cover of R.E.M.'s "The Great Beyond". The track was originally covered for BBC Radio 1's compilation album, Radio 1 Established 1967, in which 40 artists were asked to cover a song for each year from 1967 to 2007 to celebrate the station's 40th anniversary.
Music video.
The video was shot in Chicago with Josh Forbes as the director and premiered on December 9, 2008, on VH1 and on the VH1 website. The video was inspired by Wim Wenders' film "Wings of Desire". It depicts scenes of the band members in different roles- playing the song on a steel bridge, unknown people, and the members of the band are standing on top of skyscrapers looking towards the sky, and at a car accident at which the band oversees those involved, somehow being their own "guardian angel". The video ends with all material objects being lifted into the air.

</doc>
<doc id="19323623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323623" title="Marjorie Thomas">
Marjorie Thomas

Marjorie Gwendolen Thomas (5 June 1923 – 12 September 2008) was an English opera and oratorio singer for almost three decades. 
Thomas sang at the Royal Opera House and was a regular performer at the Promenade Concerts and the Three Choirs Festivals and, for many years, a professor of singing at London's Royal Academy of Music. A favourite soloist of Sir Malcolm Sargent's, she also participated in a number of recordings of Gilbert and Sullivan operas.
Biography.
Thomas was born in Sunderland, England. Her father was a Welsh tenor, and her mother, an amateur pianist, was Scottish. When Thomas was two years old, her family moved to Oldham, Lancashire. She was educated at the Hulme Grammar School for Girls, then the Manchester High School for Girls from 1934 to 1939 and became a member of the choir at St Paul's Church in Oldham. She studied piano with her mother beginning at age 5, and later with William Walton's brother Noel. In 1940, at the age of 17, Thomas won a scholarship to the Royal Manchester College of Music to study piano. There, in her second term, she began to study singing with Elsie Thurston, which became her principal study, graduating in 1944. After this, she taught music for a year at Stockport Convent High School for Girls.
Singing career.
After World War II, Thomas' warm, lyrical contralto voice was heard in opera and concerts in England for almost three decades. In 1945, Thomas debuted with the Hallé Orchestra under conductor John Barbirolli, in Edward Elgar's "Sea Pictures". The same year, she sang the role of Konchakovna in Thomas Beecham's radio production of Alexander Borodin's "Prince Igor". Beecham asked her for "more emotion" when he heard her audition but then added: "But how could you have experienced emotion – 22 and living in Manchester?" Nevertheless, he invited her back to perform at his 1946 Delius festival and for his second recording of George Frideric Handel's "Messiah" in 1947. Thereafter, she was often heard in "Messiah". While rehearsing for "Prince Igor", she met Edwin "Teddy" Gower, the sound engineer for the broadcast. The couple married in 1947. 
Thomas took a year off from her career after the birth of her daughter, Eileen, in 1948. Her career then accelerated, both in opera and on the concert stage. In 1950, Thomas first sang the role of the Dryade in "Ariadne auf Naxos" at Glyndebourne and the Edinburgh Festival. She also sang Nancy in "Albert Herring" with Benjamin Britten's English Opera Group at the Cheltenham Festival in 1951. In 1953, she sang the roles of the Rhinemaiden Flosshilde in "Das Rheingold" and "Götterdämmerung" and the Valkyrie Rossweisse in "Die Walküre" in Rudolf Kempe's Covent Garden production of Wagner's ring cycle (also recording these roles) and Magdalena in Rafael Kubelík's Covent Garden production of "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg". With Kubelík, she also recorded Gustav Mahler's "Third Symphony". In 1960, she created the role of Hermia in Benjamin Britten's opera, "A Midsummer Night's Dream", which she performed at its premiere at Aldeburgh, then at the Holland festival and Covent Garden. William Walton wrote his "Gloria" for her in 1961. She also recorded a well-received complete Johannes Brahms "Liebeslieder Waltzes", Op. 52 & 65, with Elsie Morison, Richard Lewis and Donald Bell, accompanied by Vitya Vronsky and Victor Babin. She also was known for performances and recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach's "Christmas Oratorio", "Mass in B Minor" and "Cantata No 6". 
Thomas performed with Malcolm Sargent for the first time in 1951, with his Royal Choral Society and the Huddersfield Choral Society. She became one of his favourite soloists, often singing his orchestration of Brahms's "Four Serious Songs". She continued to sing with both of these choirs in all of the oratorios conducted by Sargent until his death in 1967. She was, perhaps, most admired for her performances as Angel in Elgar's "The Dream of Gerontius", which she recorded in 1954 with Sargent, the Huddersfield Choral Society and the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. "The Daily Telegraph" wrote of this recording: "The luminous beauty of her tone, her perfect diction and the warmth and dignity with which she invested the music are a lesson for young singers." With Sargent, she also recorded Felix Mendelssohn's "Elijah" "Messiah", Vaughan Williams's "Serenade to Music", Walton's "Gloria" and a series of Gilbert and Sullivan mezzo-soprano roles: Pitti-Sing in "The Mikado" (1957); Tessa in "The Gondoliers" (1957); Phoebe in "The Yeomen of the Guard" (1958); Cousin Hebe in "H.M.S. Pinafore" (1958); the title role in "Iolanthe" (1959); Kate in "The Pirates of Penzance" (1961); and Lady Angela in "Patience" (1963). She also is heard on the soundtrack of the 1953 film "The Story of Gilbert and Sullivan".
During her career, Thomas sang in the United States and throughout Europe. She continued to perform in the 1960s, singing at an international performance of Bach's "Mass in B Minor" at the Vatican in 1963 that marked the election of Pope Paul VI and for the investiture of the Prince of Wales at Caernarfon in 1969. She retired from concert singing in 1973.
Teaching and later years.
Thomas became a professor of singing at the Royal Manchester College of Music in 1960 and in 1964 accepted a post at London's "Royal Academy of Music". She became the head of vocal studies there in 1984, where she taught until 1990. Her students included Susan Bullock. After her retirement from the Academy of Music, she adjudicated at festivals and singing competitions.
Thomas died at the age of 85 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19323624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323624" title="Vintage Sports Car Club of America">
Vintage Sports Car Club of America

The Vintage Sports Car Club of America (VSCCA) is American auto racing club and sanctioning body focused on competition and sports cars made before 1959. It was founded in 1958 and currently runs a year-round schedule of track, hillclimb, rally, and social events primarily on the East Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19323631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323631" title="William Newnam">
William Newnam

William E. Newnam, or Bill Newnam, is the Associate Director of Forensics and debate coach for the Barkley Forum at Emory University, and administrative director of the National Debate Project Debate Center at Georgia State University. Prior to his tenure at Emory, he coached debate at Wake Forest University.
At Emory, he has coached several winners of the National Debate Tournament, and he has been awarded the Ovid L. Davis Award, the National Coach of the Year Award, and the Lucy Keele Award for national service to forensics. He is a prolific writer, mostly in the field of forensics. His books include "Lines of Argument" (ISBN 9780697132420) and "Lines of Argument for Policy Debate" (ISBN 9780697132406).

</doc>
<doc id="19323640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323640" title="The Indian Emperour">
The Indian Emperour

The Indian Emperour, or the Conquest of Mexico by the Spaniards, being the Sequel of The Indian Queen is an English Restoration era stage play, a heroic drama written by John Dryden that was first performed in the Spring of 1665. The play has been considered a defining work in the sub-genre of heroic drama, in which "rhymed heroic tragedy comes into full being." As its subtitle indicates, the play deals with the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire under Hernán Cortés.
Performance.
The premiere production was staged by the King's Company at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane; it featured Michael Mohun as the Emperor, Charles Hart as Cortez, Edward Kynaston as Guyomar, Nicholas Burt as Vasquez, William Wintershall as Odmar, William Cartwright as the Priest, and Anne Marshall as Almeria. The original production employed a "gorgeously feathered cloak" that Aphra Behn had brought back from Surinam, along with "glorious wreaths for...heads, necks, arms, legs." Dryden spiced his play with crowd-pleasing features, including incantations and conjured spirits, and an elaborate grotto scene with "a Fountain spouting."
On opening night, Dryden had a program distributed to the audience, on the connection between this play and his earlier "The Indian Queen" (a collaboration with his brother-in-law Sir Robert Howard). When the Duke of Buckingham and his collaborators satirised Dryden in "The Rehearsal" (1671), they had their Dryden-substitute Bayes say "that he had printed many reams to instill into the audience some conception of his plot."
The play was a major popular success, and was revived in 1667, with Nell Gwyn as Cydaria and Mary Knep in the role of Alibech. Samuel Pepys saw a performance; though he was an admirer of Gwyn, he condemned her performance in the role of the Emperour's daughter, calling it "a great and serious part, which she do most basely."
The play was also given an amateur performance at Court in 1668, which included James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth and his Duchess in the cast. Pepys criticised the elite cast as mostly "fools and stocks" — though he did not actually see the production in question.
Publication.
The play was first published in 1667 by Henry Herringman. Dryden dedicated the play to Ann Scott, Duchess of Monmouth and Buccleuch, whom he called his "first and best patroness." Subsequent editions followed in 1668, 1670, 1686, 1692, 1694, and 1696, all from Herringman; the 1692 edition coincided with another stage revival.
Sources.
Dryden's sources for his play, both historical and literary, have been disputed and debated. Two sources of major significance were Sir William Davenant's "The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru" (1658), and the Spanish accounts of the conquest in "Purchas his Pilgrimes" (1625 edition). Dryden also took plot elements from a play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca, "El príncipe constante" (c. 1628–29), which Dryden read in the original Spanish. One aspect of Dryden's plot, Guyomar and Odmar's competition for Alibech, comes from Georges de Scudéry's poem "Alaric" (1654).
In turn, Voltaire borrowed from Dryden's play for his drama "Alzire".
Plot.
In his play, Dryden presents the type of conflict between love and honour that is typical of his serious drama. Montezuma refuses a chance to save his kingdom from conquest, for personal reasons:But of my crown thou too much care dost take;<br>
That which I value more, my love's at stake.
Cortez takes the opposite course, turning his back on his love for Cydaria to obey the orders of his king, even though he acknowledges that those orders are flawed. Montezuma gets the worst of their conflict; tortured by the Spaniards, he ends the play with his suicide.
Dryden wanted to portray Cortez as high-minded and magnanimous; but he also wanted to show the Spaniards as cruel and oppressive. He managed this by the wildly ahistorical recourse of bringing Francisco Pizarro into the play as a subordinate of Cortez, and making Pizarro the villain.
Modern critics have studied the play from feminist and anti-colonialist viewpoints.
The Indian Emperor by John Dryden
Dramatis personae and relationship status.
Act 1, Scene 1. A pleasant Indian country
The arrival of the Spaniards reveals their intentions with the new land. They discuss the dwindling resources of Spain and the richness of the land they intend to conquer
and exploit. The Taxallan Indians, a rival of the Aztecs under Spanish command, have
informed the officers of Montezuma’s presence. Cortez commands his guide to bring
him to Mexico to first offer peace and, that notwithstanding, to make war.
Act 1, Scene 2. A Temple
Starting with the High Priest finishing a blood ritual honouring Montezuma’s birthday,
the royal party arrives to the Temple. The High Priest asks Montezuma, in accordance
with the ritual, to pick out his future queen. Montezuma surrenders his love to Almeria,
who as the daughter of his late rival scorns Mont.’s love but seeks to control him and
his power through the relationship. Odmar tries to sway Mont. from his choice but is
unsuccessful as Almeria pledges her love to Mont. who is enamored with her. Guyomar
enters and describes the Spaniards arrival in terms he understands interpreted by the HP
as in accordance with a prophecy about “floating castles”. Mont. sends the HP to see
what their arrival portends as he finishes up the ritual by having his sons pick brides.
They both pledge their love to Alibech who in turn refuses both. The two sons argue
over her before Mont. silences them and asks Orbellan to also pick a bride. He chooses
Cydaria, who despite her hatred for Orbellan recognises her duty to her father to marry
him and join the Indian nations. Her acceptance is interrupted by the arrival of the
Spanish officers. Mont. thinks them gods at first but soon realises they are emissaries
of “some petty prince” King Charles V. The Commanders issue the terms of Mont’s
surrender (gold, submission, and conversion) while Cydaria catches Cortez’s eye. Mont
refuses the Terms of Peace and leaves with the royal party but not before Cortez ask that
Cydaria be able to stay a moment that they may talk. Cortez falls for her and she begins
to fall for him when Orbellan reenters and fetches Cydaria back to Mexico, which now
prepares for war.
Act 2, Scene 1. The Magician’s Cave
Montezuma and the high priest call upon spirits to guide them in their choices. The
spirits inform him of the destiny of his people and their ruin, him to give up his scepter
but he refuses their prophecy (“Doom as thy please my Empire not to stand, I’ll grasp my
scepter with my dying hand”) He insists a better prophecy must exist and asks the high priest to summon again. A spirit dressed in all white appears and sings of Montezuma's success. As they finish with the spirits, the spirit of the Indian Queen appears to curse her former husband. Montezuma resolves to fight the Spaniards.
Act 2, Scene 2. Between two Armies
Cydaria and Alibech standing waiting for Cortez to arrive. Once he does, Cydaria implores Cortez to peace. She criticises the choices he’s given as showing the outcome to be a foregone conclusion. (“You threaten Peace, and yet invite a War”) She calls him a blind follower and declares his love of country was stronger than his love to her. As a particularly honour bound character, Cortez pledges to hold off his attack until the next day but is informed by Pizarro that the war has already started. The officers withdraw to war as Odmar and Guyomar enter to make Alibech decide her love for either before the battle begins. Alibech tells them that she loves one but not the other, not revealing which is which, but will marry whoever wins the war for their country. They all leave as the scene changes to the countryside battlefield where Mont. charges the field. Cortez condemns his Indian allies for cowardice. Cortez and his officers lead a cavalry charge of their own against the rear of Montezuma’s forces. Odmar and Guyomar enter and are bragging of their kills when Montezuma enters with Alibecch declaring that the day
is lost due to the Spanish soldiers guns, “Our foes with Lightning and Thunder fight.”
The Commanders enter triumphant and make to seize Montezuma and Alibech but Guyomar defends Montezuma as Odmar flees with Alibech to safety. Guyomar covers Montezuma’s retreat but is eventually overcome and captured by the Spaniards. Guards lead Guyomar off. Cortez and Cydaria enter. Cydaria has convinced Cortez to re-offer terms of peace to Montezuma. They talk of their love and Cortez reveals that he had a former love, now dead, that Cydaria resembles. They spar about whether his love for his dead wife will overshadow her. Cydaria is doubtful, so Cortez releases Guyomar as a token of his love. Guyomar is grateful and pledges brotherhood to Cortez. Guyomar leaves to convince Montezuma to hold three days of peace.
Act 3 Scene 1. A Chamber Royal
Odmar and Alibech are safe in the city with Odmar trying to claim Alibech’s hand when
Guyomar enters. Each defend their earlier decision. Alibech declares the contest is not yet won. Montezuma, Almeria and Orbellan enter discussing Montezuma’s options for peace. Almeria and Orbellan convince him to return to war, despite the protestations of Guyomar. Montezuma, Odmar, Guyomar and Alibech leave to prepare for more war.
Almeria and Orbellan stay behind. Guyomar returns and overhears their conversation as Almeria convinces Orbellan to try to assassinate Cortez. Almeria and Orbellan leave as Guyomar monologues his intent to warn Cortez, then exits.
Act 3 Scene 2. A Camp at Night
Cortez, unable to sleep for love, wanders alone and hears commotion in camp. Orbellan enters running, trying to disguise himself from pursuers. He tells Cortez that he is Taxallan and needs protection from harassment. Cortez promises his safety and hides Orbellan in his tent. Commanders enter and inform Cortez that Guyomar has been there to warn of Orbellan’s assassination attempt. The commanders leave and Cortez brings out Orbellan and reveals his identity. On his honour he escorts Orbellan out of camp, but once they are out Cortez gives Orbellan a sword and challenges him to a duel. Orbellan is wounded in his sword hand. Cortez’s honour compels him to free Orbellan but warns that he will attack the city on the next day, which is the day Orbellan is to marry Cydaria.
Act 3 Scene 3. Mexico
Montezuma, Odmar, Guyomar, and Almeria are awaiting Orbellan as the marriage approaches. They are discussing the starvation in the city due to the siege. Orbellan enters and pulls Almeria aside to tell his failure. Alibech and Cydaria enter to implore Montezuma to stay the wedding because Cydaria loves Cortez. A messenger enters to say that the war is back on at the city walls. More messengers arrive as the battle gets closer to the royal party. Cortez finally enters and slays Orbellan, but is outnumbered.
Guyomar forces Cortez to surrender his sword. Almeria calls for his head but Guyomar defends Cortez and returns Cortez’s sword. Montezuma threatens Guyomar but Odmar steps between them. Odmar mediates Cortez’s surrender. Cortez is given as prisoner to Guyomar in the castle on the lake. Almeria is pissed and vows revenge.
Act 4 Scene 1. A Prison
Almeria enters Cortez’s cell to kill him. Cortez awakes and shows no fear of death, which makes Almeria fall in love with him. She can’t kill him and instead tries to find out if he would love her instead of Cydaria. Cortez politely refuses, but she pretends it was a joke and leaves him alive anyway. Cortez contemplates his condition.
Act 4 Scene 2. A Chamber Royal
Montezuma, Odmar, Guyomar and Alibech discuss the growing threat of starvation and contemplate surrender. They decide to fight still, because Cortez though in chains has increased his terms of peace: “he in Chains demanded more/ Than he impos’d in Victory before”. Montezuma refuses to surrender: “If either Death or Bondage I must choose,/ I’ll keep my Freedom, though my Life I lose.” Guyomar grudgingly accepts command and Montezuma and Odmar leave to prepare for war. Alibech implores Guyomar to release Cortez and let the opposing army into the city to end their starvation.
Guyomar laments his choice between Alibech and the empire and decides through much
consideration to put his country first. A messenger arrives and tells Guyomar that the Spanish commanders are resting at a defenceless grotto. Guyomar leaves to go kill them and claim victory. Odmar enters and Alibech asks him what she asked of Guyomar.
Odmar agrees and leaves and Alibech monologues, revealing that she loves Guyomar even though he refused her, and she hates Odmar though he obeyed her. She laments that this would force her to marry Odmar in honour of her agreement.
Act 4 Scene 3 A Pleasant Grotto
Guyomar surprises the Spanish commanders and captures them. The Spaniards are led out as Montezuma, Alibech and a discontented Odmar enter. Montezuma commends Guyomar on his victory. Alibech pledges herself to him and Montezuma declares it their wedding day. Montezuma tells Odmar to guard the commanders. Montezuma, Alibech and Guyomar leave. Odmar realises that he was the one Alibech hated and is swayed to revenge on his rival. He orders Vasquez and Pizarro brought out and allies with them, promising them an easy victory. Vasquez requests the hand of a beauty whose name he does not know as his price. Pizarro wants gold.
Act 4 Scene 4. A Prison
Cortez and Almeria are again discussing Almeria’s love for Cortez. Cortez doesn’t believe her; she threatens to kill him if he doesn’t return her love. Cortez is adamant that his heart belongs to Cydaria, but pledges to Almeria platonic love and devotion. As he kisses her hand, Cydaria enters. Cydaria misinterprets and accuses Cortez of infidelity.
Almeria realises the mistake but persists, declaring the same thing in an attempt to break
Cydaria’s love for him. As Cortez is trying to prove his love, the Spanish led by Vasquez can be heard arriving. Almeria, fearing death by Spaniard, tries to kill Cydaria to keep her from Cortez. Cydaria runs behind Cortez, who is hurt instead. Almeria tries to kill herself but Cortez stops her. Pizarro and Vasquez arrive. Cortez promises Cydaria’s protection and orders her into a tower in the prison to keep her safe, but refuses Almeria. Cortez promises not to kill Montezuma or Cydaria’s brothers. They leave to put Cydaria away.
Almeria, despondent, leaves to let herself be killed in the battle. The Spanish return.
Cortez makes Pizarro guard the tower and leaves to fight. Pizarro leaves his post to
plunder instead.
Act 5 Scene 1. A Chamber Royal
Odmar enters with Guyomar and Alibech bound. Odmar unbinds Alibech and declares Alibech his queen; she refuses. He threatens her life if she won’t accept. Guyomar resigns his right to her rather than let her die, but she chides him saying that it’s still her choice.
Odmar threatens to kill Guyomar if she won’t marry him. Alibech tries to barter, but is forced to agree to the match. She asks only to kiss Guyomar once. As they kiss they decide to die together. Vasquez enters and declares that Alibech is the one he wanted as his price. Odmar and Vasquez fight as Alibech frees Guyomar. Vasquez kills Odmar as Guyomar runs to his brother’s sword. Guyomar fights and kills Vasquez.
Act 5 Scene 2. A Prison
Montezuma and an Aztec High Priest are tortured on the rack by a Christian priest and Pizarro in an effort to both locate more gold AND convert them to Christianity. “How wickedly he has refus’d his Wealth,/ and hid his gold from Christian hands by stealth”.
Montezuma refuses to submit, claiming that his gods are stronger. They get into a religious debate during the torture. The High Priest almost breaks, and asks Montezuma for permission to reveal the gold’s location. Montezuma commands that he die instead.
And so he does. Cortez enters and frees Montezuma. He threatens Pizarro with Martial Law for letting the battle turn into a massacre and refuses to let anyone take gold, claiming it is cursed. (Money is the root of all evil!) Pizarro and the priest leave. Cortez and Montezuma make up. A Spanish messenger arrives to report that Guyomar is winning; Cortez leaves to rally his troops but promises to save Guyomar from death.
Almeria enters a changed woman, not yet dead, and asks Montezuma’s love. She helps him to the base of Cydaria’s tower and Montezuma yells for her to let them in. As Cydaria lets in Montezuma, Almeria tries to get in as well even though Cydaria doesn’t trust her. They get in just as the Spanish arrive. Cortez tries to retrieve Cydaria, but Montezuma and Almeria refuse to let her go. Rather than be a slave to Cortez’s charity, Montezuma, a proud man, commits suicide instead. The Spanish start to break into the tower. Almeria prepares to kill Cydaria one more time. Cortez tries to barter for her life. As they argue, Almeria stabs Cydaria and then herself. The Spanish break in and bring them to Cortez. Almeria declares her love for Cortez once more, asks Cydaria’s forgiveness, and dies. Cydaria is not mortally wounded. Guyomar and Alibech enter captured, and Cortez releases them and offers to share power with them. They refuse and head far north instead. Cortez ends the play promising a grand funeral for Montezuma.

</doc>
<doc id="19323663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323663" title="Round Lake Historic District">
Round Lake Historic District

Round Lake Historic District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19323665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323665" title="Marcin Budziński">
Marcin Budziński

Marcin Budziński (born 6 July 1990 in Giżycko) is a Polish footballer who plays for KS Cracovia as a midfielder.
Career.
He made his first appearance in the Ekstraklasa in September 2008.
International career.
Marcin Budziński currently plays for the Poland U-21. team. Previously, he played for Poland U-19.

</doc>
<doc id="19323682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323682" title="The Bar (radio network)">
The Bar (radio network)

The Bar is a 24-hour music network produced by Waitt Radio Networks. Its playlist is composed of Country/Rock music spanning from the 1960s to today from artists such as George Strait, The Eagles, Toby Keith, Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band, Johnny Cash, etc. that mainly targets listeners ages 18–54. This satellite-driven feed has got its name from a Bar, an establishment that usually serves alcoholic beverages to its customers.
Although "The Bar" will not be affected by the acquisition of Waitt Radio Networks by Triton Media Group, it will likely be relocated into Dial Global's portfolio.
While most affiliates use "The Bar" imagery, one station (in a dry i.e. no alcohol sales area) uses an alternative of "The West Texas JukeBox". That station is KBXJ Los Ybanez, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19323713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323713" title="National Pantheon of the Heroes">
National Pantheon of the Heroes

The National Pantheon of the Heroes () is a building and landmark of Asunción, Paraguay, and a national monument of Paraguay.
The National Pantheon of Heroes and oratory of the Virgin Our Lady Saint Mary of the Asuncion which is located between Palma and Chile streets in the downtown of the capital of Paraguay, is a must for all tourists and foreign delegations arriving visit to Paraguay and Asuncion. It is, at the same time, an architectural jewel of great artistic, cultural and heritage.
In October 1863, the then President Francisco Solano López, ordered the construction of the chapel of the Virgin of the Asuncion, was designed by Italian architect Alejandro Ravizza, in collaboration with the builder Giacomo Colombino. But as a result of the War of the Triple Alliance, the building remained unfinished and scaffolding for over 70 years. Only after the Chaco War in 1936 was able to finish and was inaugurated on October 12 of that year, to become by presidential decree in National Pantheon of Heroes.
The National Pantheon is the mausoleum of the country, where lie the remains of the great heroes of Paraguayan history such as Don Carlos Antonio López (1st president Constitutional), Mariscal Francisco Solano López, Mariscal José Félix Estigarribia (hero and winner of the Chaco War against Bolivia) and his wife. In addition, the Children Martyrs Acosta Ñu, two Unknown Soldiers, among others.
Within the enclosure of the pantheon have set countless illustrious honorary plaques sent by foreign rulers, kings and princes. Congratulations and verses of appreciation to the Paraguayan Navy, Air Force among others. Many wonder what the significance of the inscription in Latin, which is in the front of the pantheon, "Fides et Patria" means, "My faith and my country."
It is customary in Asuncion that when something historic happens (such as the victory of President Lugo in the 2008 elections) people flock with their flags to the street in front of it and celebrate the event. 
The ceremonial changing of the guard is held several times a day.

</doc>
<doc id="19323783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323783" title="Jamendo">
Jamendo

Jamendo is a music website and an open community of music authors. It bills itself as "the world's largest digital service for free music".
Since the beginning in 2005, Jamendo's music has been licensed under Creative Commons licenses. Applied to all songs, these licenses allow artists to publish their music and preserve their rights while providing users the freedom to download it for free and redistribute at least noncommercially, with other permissions varying by license. The goal of Jamendo is to be the link between artists who want to share their music and audiences around the world, both private and professional.
At the center of Jamendo is an economic model that grants free music downloads for web users, while at the same time providing revenue opportunities for artists through commercial uses, via the licensing platform Jamendo PRO which sells licenses for music synchronization and background music. 
Based in Luxembourg, the website has a community of 1.4 million members.
At the end of 2013, the catalog comprised 410,000 tracks by 30,000 artists from 150 countries. The site is available in 6 languages: English, French, Spanish, German, Italian and Polish.
The name "Jamendo" is derived from a fusion of two musical terms: "jam session" and "crescendo".
History.
Jamendo S.A., originally created under the name Peermajor SARL in 2004, was launched in January 2005. It was funded in June 2007 by Mangrove Capital Partners, Skype's investors.
Starting in January 2007, Jamendo tested an advertising revenue sharing program which was later dropped. In December 2007, the second version of the website was launched, offering a new design and new functionalities. On June 18, 2008 the platform reached 10,000 albums.
At the end of 2008, Jamendo launched Jamendo PRO, which is a music licensing platform for commercial uses. It allows the use of Jamendo music for the synchronization of audiovisual projects (ads, web videos, corporate videos, films, etc.) and as background music for public places (stores, restaurants, hotels, etc.).
In June 2009, Jamendo launched its mobile applications for Android and iOS platforms. That same month, one Jamendo's founder, Sylvain Zimmer, received the Young Entrepreneur of the Year award in Luxembourg. In December 2009, a partnership was formed with Deezer, allowing Jamendo artists to put their music on this platform.
In January 2010, Jamendo faced financial difficulties and was seeking investors, however, stability returned as MusicMatic, a company specialized in background music, entered in Jamendo's capital.
In August 2011, Jamendo obtained the "PUR" label from French authority HADOPI, which was renewed the following year.
On April 24, 2012, the third version of the website was launched. It offered a new design, new functionalities allowing for more artists promotion, ten new genre-specific radio streams, etc.
Sharing music.
Jamendo offers artists the ability to publish their music under the Creative Commons licenses (and in the past, the option of the Free Art License) of their choice.
Artists who register to Jamendo cannot be members of a collecting society, such as ASCAP, BMI in United States or SACEM in France, as they are often granted exclusive rights. Some of these collecting societies are more flexible and allow artists to publish their music under Creative Commons licenses as long as commercial uses are excluded. This is notably the case for the SACEM. 
Each artist has a profile displaying albums, artist information and reviews. These profiles are managed by the artist, who use a special dashboard that gives them access to various tools like stats, fan messaging, blogging, etc. They also have other built-in promotional tools at their disposal, like generated widgets for each album and social media buttons (Facebook, Twitter). Lastly, artists can receive donations directly from Jamendo users.
Use of the website.
Users can listen to MP3 encoded audio files (96 kbit/s) and download in MP3 (192kbit/s) and Ogg Vorbis formats. Listening and downloading is free, unlimited and without advertisements.
Each user has a personal account in which extended features are available, for example creating playlists, bookmarking songs and albums, becoming a fan of an artist, sharing on social networks, reviewing tracks or albums, and donating to their favorite artists. The latest version of the website features more promoting abilities with an artist focus, charts and genre-specific radio streams.
The website allows searching by artists or titles and also by tag which are chosen by artists to describe their songs (genre, instrument, etc.).
Jamendo is integrated within media players like VLC media player, Songbird, Clementine and Amarok 2. It was integrated into Rhythmbox from version 0.9.6 until 2.9x, at which point it was removed for technical reasons, but the library can be accessed from Rhythmbox's Grilo plugin. Jamendo is not integrated into Banshee by default, but can be integrated with a plugin.
Business model.
According to one article on Jamendo's business model, Jamendo's use of voluntary donations represents the first serious attempt for a file sharing site to provide a direct way to pay artists. In January 2007, Jamendo provided an advertising revenue sharing model for artists. 
While sites such as YouTube are still implementing plans to offer artists a share of their advertising revenue, Jamendo claims to let artists keep 50% of the revenue generated, and almost 100% of the donations that Jamendo visitors give go to individual artists.
Jamendo works with Musicmatic to offer services to professionals on the freemium model.
Jamendo PRO.
The Jamendo PRO licensing platform is an intermediary between artists and third parties who wish to use the music in their projects. Based on the CC Plus concept, the licenses are granted mainly for the uses not covered by Creative Commons licenses.
Jamendo’s artists are free to use this service which allow them to receive 50% of the revenues generated by the platform.
The Jamendo PRO offer is made of two parts: Jamendo PRO Track, which licenses music for synchronization in audiovisual projects (advertising, film, television, video games, mobile applications, etc.) and Jamendo PRO Flow, which licenses background music to be used in public spaces (stores, shops, hotels, restaurants, etc.).
The Jamendo PRO platform features classical music by the Italian independent label OnClassical.

</doc>
<doc id="19323798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323798" title="Oldies Plus">
Oldies Plus

Classic Hits/Pop (Local Version) (formerly known as Oldies Plus) is a 24-hour music format produced by Dial Global, formerly distributed by Waitt Radio Networks and then under the now-defunct Dial Global Local brand. Its playlist, like its sister network Classic Hits/Pop, targets listeners aged 25-54.
In June 2012, due to reorganizations at Dial Global, the Dial Global Local 24/7 formats were fully integrated into Dial Global's portfolio of formats, and "Dial Global Local" ceased to exist as a brand name. However, most of the former Dial Global Local formats are still offered to affiliate stations in the same manner in which they were previously offered. Oldies Plus is no longer offered under that name, but continues as a Local version of Dial Global's Classic Hits/Pop (formerly Kool Gold) format.

</doc>
<doc id="19323800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323800" title="Comparison of smartphones">
Comparison of smartphones


</doc>
<doc id="19323803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323803" title="Education.au">
Education.au

Education.au Limited, established in 1996, was a not-for-profit ministerially owned national company located in Adelaide, South Australia. It was governed through a Board by nominees from the Australian Government, higher education, school education, and vocational education and training sectors.
Education.au Limited acted as an Information and Communications Technology (ICT) agency for educators and delivered a range of web services to clients in the higher education, schools education and vocational education and training sectors. This included managing and maintaining the free national online services myfuture, edna, administering the edu.au. and providing the technical capability behind services such as Scootle.
History.
Originally founded as the Open Learning Technology Corporation Ltd, the company was established in 1993 to facilitate and coordinate collaboration in the use of education communications and related open learning techniques by providing appropriate education, technological and project management services to schools, TAFE, higher education, industry and adult and community education sectors.
The company changed its name in February 1998 to Education.au Limited with a focus on implementing the functions of Education Network Australia (EdNA) on behalf of the Australian education community.
Education.au Limited also held national Transforming Learning through ICT seminars each year and in 2007 brought Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales and danah Boyd to Australia for its seminar series.
In March 2007, Pru Mitchell gave a paper on Education.au metadata and folksonomies of educational multimedia resources such as podcasts and videos at Australian and New Zealand Society of Indexers Conference in Melbourne. She mentioned developing ScOT (Schools Online Thesaurus).
In June 2009 it was announced that Education.au Limited would merge with the Curriculum Corporation in Melbourne to become Education Services Australia (ESA). Curriculum Corporation, like Education.au Limited, was also a non-for-profit ministerially owned company. The merger saw Education.au's operations absorbed into Curriculum Corporation, which then changed its name to Education Services Australia.
Education.au Limited ceased operation under its current business name on 26 February 2010, from 1 March 2010 it began trading as Education Services Australia. Education Services Australia operates from out of two offices with its head quarters based in Melbourne (previously the office of Curriculum Corporation) and an office in Adelaide (previously the offices of Education.au). In December 2012 the Adelaide office of ESA was closed.
EdNA was retired. This was a leading educational Web index in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19323808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323808" title="Kevin Rudolf">
Kevin Rudolf

Kevin Winston Rudolf (born February 17, 1983) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and music producer. Born and raised in New York City, New York, Rudolf began writing songs at a young age. He has written, or co-written every song on each of his albums, as well as writing and producing songs for many of the most popular artists of the era. Rudolf's production skills and guitar playing have also won acclaim. In 2004, Rudolf spent time in Miami working alongside famed producer Timbaland, on songs by Justin Timberlake, The Black-Eyed Peas and Nelly Furtado, among others. He enjoyed his time in Miami, and would later make it his home. His first single, "Let it Rock", did well commercially, achieving multi-platinum status, with sales of over 4 million copies. The lyrics dealt with Rudolf's personal triumph and determination in the face of hardship. A second single, "I Made It", also achieved platinum status, with sales exceeding one million. He has won the influential "Broadcast Music, Inc." (BMI) Pop Music award three times for his songwriting, producing and performing.
Rudolf's songs are known to "cross genres," combining rock and hip hop. He has commented that, while his roots are in rock music, he is open to other influences. "I'm not much of a fan of rap/rock at all. But to make rock music now without realising the influence hip-hop has had in music is not authentic either." His rock/hip hop anthem, "Let it Rock", featuring rapper Lil Wayne, has sold over 4 million copies, and hit the top 10 in countries including the United States, UK, Germany, Canada and Australia.
Early life.
Kevin Winston Rudolf was born on February 17, 1983, in New York City, New York, to Ellyn, an American singer, and Stephen, a British disc jockey of English heritage. He grew up an only child on the Upper East Side, his parents divorcing while he was still very young. His middle name, Winston, is an homage to Beatle John Winston Lennon. "My dad... was a DJ at the time in Baltimore. He's British, and emceed some shows for The Beatles and The Rolling Stones. In fact, that's why my middle name is Winston, he named me after John Lennon's middle name. And, of course, mom being a singer, she'd let me come to her gigs and soundchecks. They both really influenced me a lot to be a musician." .
Rudolf has said that his first musical memory is of listening to the Van Halen song 'Jump,' while jumping around the apartment in which he grew up. His first guitar was a gift from his grandfather, who realized that his grandson already "had a passion for ." His skills on the instrument improved rapidly. "My mother actually said something really smart to me. She said, 'Whatever you put in, you’ll get out,' so I thought, that makes sense...I started practicing a lot."
Rudolf played with several local bands, including an alternative rock group known as 'Paint,' but soon found himself frustrated with the tensions and internal squabbles associated with a band situation. Taking matters into his own hands, Rudolf began creating his own beats and musical tracks, as well as writing the material."
Career.
Early career.
In 2000, Rudolf began work on the group of songs that, nine months later, would form the basis for his major label debut. Written, produced and engineered by Rudolf, and mixed by Mark Saunders, the album took nine months to complete. Rudolf was signed to Madonna's record label, Maverick, which released the album under the pseudonym, "Binocular". A song from the album, "You", was used in the TV show "Smallville" (2001), and a song not appearing on the album, "Maybe You're Gone" (written by Danny Scherr), was later used over the end credits of the movie "The Girl Next Door" (2004). However, despite receiving positive reviews, the album went largely unnoticed by the public.
Session work.
Rudolf's solo career took a detour in 2003, when famed recording engineer Jimmy Douglass introduced him to superstar producer Timbaland. Rudolf was invited to watch a recording session, but, at Timbaland's urging, soon found himself participating, by playing guitar on Lil' Kim's 2003 hit "The Jump Off." Rudolf remembers, "At first I just went into the studio to absorb what I could. I brought my guitar as sort of peace offering so I wasn’t feeling completely useless. Soon I was playing parts on songs.”
Rudolf has stated that his time spent with Timbaland influenced his own attitude in making records. “Working with Timbaland, I was amazed by his work ethic and just how much he would work on something until he got the results he wanted." He would go on to collaborate with Timbaland on many songs, including those by The Black Eyed Peas, Justin Timberlake, Nelly Furtado, and David Banner.
Cash Money.
Rudolf continued to work on his solo material throughout 2007, while still working with Timbaland. During one memorable session, he met Bryan "Birdman" Williams and Ronald "Slim" Williams, brothers and co-CEO's of Cash Money Records. "I played them a couple of records I produced and wrote and they liked them for one of their artists. Then I played them my solo stuff and they flipped out over this song called "Coffee and Donuts". We built from there, and a few months later Lil Wayne got on ‘Let It Rock’ and they signed me, and the rest is history.
When Rudolf was signed to a record deal by Cash Money, he became the first white artist, as well as the first rock artist, signed to a label previously known for releasing records by African-American rap artists, including, most famously, Lil Wayne. CEO Slim Williams explained, “we love one-of-a-kind artists, and Kevin rolls that way in everything he does...we are always looking at the next step, the next level we can take our audience. I knew his work with other artists, but when he played me his solo stuff, we just knew we had to partner up.”
Major label success.
"Let it Rock", the initial single from Rudolf's then-upcoming album, "In the City", was released on June 16, 2008. Written and produced by Rudolf, and featuring Lil Wayne, the song met with immediate success, debuting at Number 5 on Billboard Magazine's influential Hot 100 chart. Noted music critic David Jeffries predicted that fans would find the song, "a near-perfect highlight," while critic Rick Florino called Rudolf's voice "sexy and bombastic" and noted his "diverse set of pipes." The song became a staple of sporting events, listed by BMI as the second most-played song in NFL, MLB and NHL arenas and stadiums.
With "Let it Rock" already a massive hit, fans and media still noted a sense of "mystery" surrounding Rudolf. “There really was no mystery,” he said. “The song just blew up faster than we could catch up with it. But it was great that the music was given a chance to speak for itself. People truly felt it--it wasn’t anything fake. And with me, music always comes first. Unlike some artists, I don’t want the attention to be put on myself as much as my music.”
"In the City".
Rudolf's first studio album, titled "In the City", was released on November 24, 2008, and was produced and co-written by Rudolf, with the exception of one song, "She Can Get It", which was co-produced by The Neptunes. Rudolf explained that the album was about "growing up in New York City when the city was wild... it felt like there were no rules and you could be anyone you wanted. That is the landscape of this album."
The album was noted for Rudolf's distinctive merging of musical styles, namely, rock and hip-hop. "It's about taking rock attitude vocally, hip hop drums, synths, and guitars and sharpening the edges of everything in a sense. You bring it together. That's how I do it."
Rudolf's penchant for "genre-bending" was noted in many reviews of the album. "'In the City' cribs tricks from both rap and rock 'n' roll, not in the pursuit of a bastardised Limp Bizkit-type hybrid, but with the intention to produce a crossover rock record with modern hip-hop tools...it's hard to deny Rudolf is a man with some big ideas."
With lead single "Let it Rock" still garnering the most attention, other songs from the album also began to have impact. "Welcome to the World", the album's second single, went gold and was featured prominently in advertisements for WrestleMania XXVI. "NYC" was featured on an episode of "".
Throughout most of 2009, Rudolf performed songs from "In the City" live, including appearances on The Jimmy Kimmel Show, Dancing with the Stars, The Miss USA Pageant and the 2009 NBA All-Star Game.
"To the Sky".
On June 15, 2010, Rudolf's second studio album, "To the Sky", was released. The album consists of 11 tracks with a total running time of 37 minutes. The first single from the album, "I Made It (Cash Money Heroes)", was released on February 2, 2010, in advance of the album, becoming Rudolf's second platinum single. It was followed, on September 14, by the single "You Make the Rain Fall." Critical reviews were mixed, with one saying, "this is 'In the City' evolved...to a higher level, while others noted the "good songwriting," but lamented that "without a worthy 'Let it Rock' successor, this is hard to recommend over his debut."
Responding to a question about his song, I Made It, Rudolf elaborated on his own feelings regarding success. "I think that 'making it' is something that you do in stages. There’s a certain feeling of ‘I made it’ when you have a hit on the radio for the first time and people are feeling it and buying it and reacting to it at shows. But I’ve also set new goals since then."
Production Work.
In September, 2009, having finished two solo albums, Rudolf moved from his adopted home of Miami, to Los Angeles to concentrate on co-writing and producing records for several LA-based artists, including Cobra Starship, Leona Lewis, Lifehouse, Natasha Beddingfield, Selena Gomez and Weezer. 
"I spent a lot of time in L.A. after a couple of my records blew up, and I got into producing and writing for a lot of other artists out there. I got into that whole game. Then when I got back to New York—I grew up in New York—I felt completely inspired all over again. I felt like I had done enough of writing songs for other people, that I wanted to really say something. I think what music’s lacking right now is there’s really no message. No one’s saying anything...I just felt like I really wanted to put something back in the world that inspires people, says something, and means something."
Relocation to Miami.
Having grown up in New York City, the only child of divorced parents, Rudolf has stated that he has found greater inspiration, and a stronger sense of belonging in his adopted city of Miami. Rudolf first lived temporarily in Miami while doing session work with producer Timbaland. After relocating to Los Angeles in 2010 while writing and producing for several artists, Rudolf returned to New York for a brief time in 2012 to begin work on his upcoming album. However, he missed living in Miami and, later that year, made it his permanent residence. In the documentary, "Ferraris and Helicopters", Rudolf explained his attraction to the city. "When i moved down to Miami it was like moving to another planet because i was so used to New York, the energy and the craziness and everything. I came down here i really didn't know too many people. I would go to this place called the "Greek Place" for breakfast, and I sort of found myself sitting up at the bar talking to the old retirees, South American people, Orthodox Jews-and the local Floridians,
and it became part of my daily life. I don't know how it happened. I just started hanging out and having conversations. I still talk to all those people, a lot of them when i go back there. It's cool because it gave me the feeling of a hometown rooting for you. Because i grew up in New York, and it's not really that hometown rooting for you kind of thing, it's more like everybody's just trying to do their own thing."
Song for Keith Urban.
In 2013, Rudolf took a break from recording his own album to co-write a song with Country artist, Keith Urban, and established Country songwriting brothers, Brad and Brett Warren, called "Little Bit of Everything", which Urban debuted May 16, 2013 on the Season 12 finale of "American Idol".Billboard Magazine noted that a Country song was a departure from Rudolf's usual fare, however, Urban and the "Warren Brothers found common ground with Rudolf since they all played guitar and had rather wide-ranging tastes."
In the same article, "Billboard" also noted that Rudolf's next single, "Here's to Us," had already been mixed by top mixing engineer, Serban Ghenea.
New single and video: "Here's to Us".
On July 2, 2013, Perez Hilton premieredRudolf's video for his upcoming single, "Here's to Us." Hilton stated, ""Here's To Us" will be the lead single off his upcoming third album. We seriously got goosebumps watching this video! It has such a positive message. We just LOVE Kevin's outlook on life!"
On July 26, Rudolf announced via his official Twitter page that the single, "Here's to Us" would be available on iTunes as of Tuesday, July 30.

</doc>
<doc id="19323814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323814" title="Ondřej Roman">
Ondřej Roman

Ondřej Roman (born February 8, 1989) is a Czech minor league ice hockey player currently playing for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL). He was a first round selection in the 2009 KHL Junior Draft.
Roman has also played in the Czech Extraliga for Vítkovice.
He currently plays for the Boston Bruins

</doc>
<doc id="19323838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323838" title="William Melvin Kelley">
William Melvin Kelley

Kelley was born in New York City and was educated at the Fieldston School in New York and later attended Harvard University (class of 1960), where he won the Dana Reed Prize for creative writing.
According to Robert E. Fleming,
"From the beginning of his career in 1962, William Melvin Kelley has employed his distinctive form of Black comedy to examine the absurdities surrounding American racial attitudes."

</doc>
<doc id="19323840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323840" title="Chihiro Kato">
Chihiro Kato

Chihiro Kato (加藤 千尋 "Kato Chihiro", born 22 November 1988) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.

</doc>
<doc id="19323842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323842" title="Victor L. Ludlow">
Victor L. Ludlow

Victor Leifson Ludlow (born 1943) is a religion professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah and the author of several books on the Book of Isaiah, most notably "Isaiah, Prophet Seer and Poet".
Biography.
Ludlow was born in Spanish Fork, Utah but lived in California, Michigan, Indiana, New York and Provo, Utah while growing up.
Ludlow did his undergraduate studies at BYU. He also served as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in the Central German Mission of the church (later the Germany Düsseldorf Mission) from 1962 to 1964. 
Ludlow then received a Danforth Scholarship and studied at Harvard University and Brandeis University, where he received his Ph.D. in Near Eastern and Judaic Studies.
Ludlow was the awarded the distinction of BYU Honors professor of the year in 2002. 
He is also the translator of the selections from the Book of Mormon into Hebrew. This edition was published in 1982 but it is out of circulation due to an agreement of no-proselytism between the LDS and the Israeli government. 
Ludlow is a scholar on Isaiah. Besides his "Isaiah: Prophet Seer and Poet" he also wrote "Unlocking Isaiah in the Book of Mormon". He also wrote "Unlocking the Old Testament". He also wrote "Principals and Practices of the Restored Gospel".
While a BYU professor Ludlow was also the main organizing force behind the annual Passover Seder held at BYU.
Ludlow and his wife Virginia Ann have four sons and two daughters.
Ludlow has served in many callings in the LDS Church including multiple times as a bishop and as president of the church's Germany Frankfurt Mission from 1983 to 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19323847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323847" title="Tsuneo Gōda">
Tsuneo Gōda

He directs Domo (Domo-kun) shorts by using stop motion animation; Domo is the mascot of NHK.
He has also directed the stop motion animation film "Komaneko - The Curious Cat" and the three-minute stop motion music video short "I am a Bear," which is based on the Hikaru Utada song "Boku wa Kuma."

</doc>
<doc id="19323858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323858" title="Union Avenue Historic District (Saratoga Springs, New York)">
Union Avenue Historic District (Saratoga Springs, New York)

Union Avenue Historic District is a historic district in Saratoga Springs, New York. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It includes at least the Congress Park portion of the Canfield Casino and Congress Park, a U.S. National Historic Landmark District. Union Avenue, which is part or New York State Route 9P, includes a number of stately Victorian homes built in the second half of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, as well as buildings owned by Empire State College, some of which were once Skidmore College Buildings. Both the Saratoga Race Course and Yaddo are located on Union Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19323908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323908" title="Pierre-Eugène Rouanet">
Pierre-Eugène Rouanet

Pierre-Eugène Rouanet, S.M.A. (16 November 1917 – 4 February 2012) was a French bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Rouanet was born in Mazamet, France and ordained a priest in the society of apostolic life, the Society of African Missions on 4 July 1948. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Daloa on 4 July 1956 and ordained bishop on 29 November 1956. He resigned from governance of the see on 20 November 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19323922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323922" title="Eva March Tappan">
Eva March Tappan

Eva March Tappan (December 26, 1854 – January 29, 1930) was a teacher and American author born in Blackstone, Massachusetts, the only child of Reverend Edmund March Tappan and Lucretia Logée. Eva graduated from Vassar College in 1875. She was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and an editor of the "Vassar Miscellany". After leaving Vassar she began teaching at Wheaton College where she taught Latin and German from 1875 until 1880. From 1884–94 she was the Associate Principal at the Raymond Academy in Camden, New Jersey. She received graduate degrees in English Literature from the University of Pennsylvania. Tappan was the head of the English department at the English High School at Worcester, Massachusetts. She began her literary career writing about famous characters in history and developed an interest in writing children books. Tappan never married.

</doc>
<doc id="19323925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323925" title="Alex Donnelly">
Alex Donnelly

Alexander Ernest Donnelly, known as Alex Donnelly (died 9 May 1958), was a nationalist politician and solicitor in Ireland.
Donnelly studied at the Christian Brothers School in Omagh and the Royal University of Ireland. He was elected to Tyrone County Council in 1914, holding his seat until 1951, holding the post of council Chairman from 1920 to 1924. He was also a member of Omagh Urban District Council. In 1916, he was a founder member of Sinn Féin in the county, alongside Cahir Healy, James McHugh and Basil McGuckin. 
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1925, Donnelly was elected for the Nationalist Party in Fermanagh and Tyrone. He first took his seat in November 1927. His seat was abolished in 1929, and he was instead elected for West Tyrone. He held this seat until he retired in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19323936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323936" title="Live (Bill Frisell album)">
Live (Bill Frisell album)

Live is a live album by Bill Frisell released on the Gramavision label. It was released in 1995 and features a performance by Frisell, Kermit Driscoll, and Joey Baron recorded on Recorded 27 October 1991 at Terceros Encuentros de Nueva Musica, Teatro Lope de Vega, Seville, Spain.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Rick Anderson awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "This album finds Frisell onstage with bassist Kermit Driscoll and drummer Joey Baron, running through a few faves ("Throughout," "Strange Meeting," "When We Go"), as well as some more obscure and surprising material. Driscoll is a sharply intuitive bassist with a reggae player's feel for silence; Baron punctuates more than he undergirds. As a result, this is largely music without groove. Instead, it hovers and floats overhead like a benevolent thunderstorm, sometimes letting loose rumbling, atonal chaos like "Crumb" and sometimes emitting bolts of pure electric light such as the utterly charming "Rag" and the yearning sweetness of "Throughout." "Pip, Squeak/Goodbye" steps briefly into tango territory, and Frisell takes the Sonny Rollins composition "No Moe" all the way back to the Delta with a bent blues solo. The John Hiatt cover, by the way, is the emotional centerpiece of the album: a deeply felt rendition of "Have a Little Faith in Me." This is a very special disc.".

</doc>
<doc id="19323937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323937" title="Guild of Jewellery Professionals and Artisans">
Guild of Jewellery Professionals and Artisans

The Guild of Jewellery Professionals and Artisans (Abbreviation: GJPA) is a not-for-profit society based in Singapore whose aim is to provide the jewellery and accessories industries in the region with much-needed support at the “Designer Jewellery” level by ensuring high standards in education, materials, workmanship and service as well as a strong community of experts and aficionados to direct the future of these industry segments.
Founded in 2007, the society has a small, but growing membership and is slowly garnering support and recognition from local and international manufacturers, retailers and designers.

</doc>
<doc id="19323939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323939" title="List of Washington Redskins starting quarterbacks">
List of Washington Redskins starting quarterbacks

This is a list of American football quarterbacks who have started for the Washington Redskins, as well as its predecessors the Boston Braves (1932) and Boston Redskins (1933–1936), in the National Football League (NFL). The Washington Redskins franchise was originally founded in Boston, Massachusetts as the Boston Braves, named after the local baseball franchise. The name was changed the following year to the Redskins. In 1937, the franchise moved to Washington, D.C.
Of the 49 Redskins starting quarterbacks, two have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame: Sammy Baugh and Sonny Jurgensen.
Starting quarterbacks.
These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Washington Redskins. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19323955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323955" title="I Want to Go with You">
I Want to Go with You

"I Want to Go with You" is the title of a popular song from 1966 (see 1966 in music) by the American country music singer Eddy Arnold. The song was written by country music singer-songwriter Hank Cochran.
Released as a single in early 1966, "I Want to Go with You" peaked at #36 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It was more successful with country and adult contemporary audiences, reaching #1 on both the "Billboard" country chart for six weeks and the easy listening chart for three weeks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19323958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323958" title="List of Cleveland Gladiators seasons">
List of Cleveland Gladiators seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the Cleveland Gladiators. The Gladiators are a professional arena football franchise of the Arena Football League (AFL) based in Cleveland, Ohio. The franchise was originally known as the New Jersey Red Dogs formed as an expansion team in 1997 and based in East Rutherford, New Jersey as a member of the Arena Football League (AFL). Before the 2001 season, the franchise was sold to Jim Ferraro, who changed the team's name to the New Jersey Gladiators. 
In 2003, Ferraro moved the team to Las Vegas, Nevada with a few weeks to the start of the season. The league had already devised the schedules; therefore, the Gladiators would play their 2003 season in the Eastern Division of the National Conference, before shifting in 2004 to the American Conference's Western Division. The team went 31–50 in five years in Las Vegas, making the playoffs once. After the 2007 season, the franchise relocated to Cleveland, Ohio. The team was also moved back to the National League's Eastern Division. In the 2008 season, the franchise went to their first Conference Championship game which they lost to Philadelphia Soul.
In 2009, the AFL announced that it had suspended operations indefinitely and canceled the 2009 season. Later in 2009 the Gladiators announced they would return to play in 2010, as a part of the league's relaunching. As of the season, the team has gone 38–48 while in Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="19323973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323973" title="Antirrhinum filipes">
Antirrhinum filipes

Antirrhinum filipes (syn. "Neogaerrhinum filipes") is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name yellow twining snapdragon. 
It is native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. This is a hairless annual herb growing long, thin, vinelike stems which climb on objects, including other plants, for support. The inflorescence is composed of a tendril-like pedicel which may be up to 10 centimeters long and coils tightly to help the plant climb. At its tip is a single snapdragon flower which is bright yellow to gold in color, dotted with dark red, and just over a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="19323999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19323999" title="The Cream &amp; the Crock (video)">
The Cream &amp; the Crock (video)

The Cream & The Crock is a music video compilation DVD by the rock band You Am I from 2003, containing all of their music videos up to and including the singles from Deliverance, as well as live footage, TV appearances, interviews, commentaries on the music videos and a specially-made documentary. It was released as a partner to the CD best-of compilation, The Cream & The Crock.

</doc>
<doc id="19324012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324012" title="Jiřina Hauková">
Jiřina Hauková

Jiřina Hauková (January 27, 1919, Přerov – December 15, 2005) was a Czech poet and translator. She was a member of the Group 42 (Skupina 42), together with her husband Jindřich Chalupecký.
Biography.
Having graduated from a grammar school in 1939, she started to study philosophy in Brno, where she stayed until the Nazi occupants closed all universities. After that she worked as an editor in "Obzor" ("The Horizon") in Přerov. She finished her studies in 1949 at the Charles University in Prague. Until 1950, when she started career as a professional writer, she worked for the Ministry of Information. After 1968 she was banned to publish and some of her works were published abroad. Apart from her own books of poetry, she was a celebrated translator from English. She translated "The Waste Land" (together with her husband) in 1947, and also books by Edgar Allan Poe, John Keats, Emily Dickinson or Dylan Thomas. In 1996 she received, together with the poet Zbyněk Hejda, the prestigious "Jaroslav Seifert Award" for the outstanding lifetime contribution to the Czech literature.

</doc>
<doc id="19324024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324024" title="Irkay">
Irkay

Irkay (also known as Irkey, Erki, Erkay) is a small town located in the South of Lebanon (Al Janub) between the major cities of Sidon and Sur. It has a population of approximately 5000 people.
Geography.
Irkay (Arabic إركي) is situated in the Al-Janub (Southern) governorate, southeast from the capital, Beirut, and borders two small towns, ‘Izzah in the east and Khzaz in the west. It is only 36 miles (78 km) from Beirut and only 9 miles (15 km) from Sidon, one of the main ports in Lebanon. 
Irkay is well known for producing olive oil this is due to the white, fertile soil which also helps to grow flavorful figs. The major river in the South, Al Zahrani, flows next to Irkay and further helps to promote the crop growth and also provides a source of leisure for the residents.
The town is situated on the Jabal ‘Aamel mountain range which begins from Sidon and stretches throughout the South, making the town’s average altitude 1243 feet (378m) above sea-level. The low population of 4850 people and the vast area of the town resulted in a small population density and hence many houses are scattered at different altitudes within the town region.
Climate.
Irkay is known to have a moderate Mediterranean climate with four distinct seasons. Temperatures range from 8°C (46°F) in the winter to 35°C (95°F) in the summer. The humidity is usually high in the summer and low in the winter. Snow occurs very rarely, nearly once every couple of years. This excellent weather makes Irkay an attractive place for visitors. People come and enjoy most of their summer vacation here if they don’t want to travel outside of the country .
History.
In the North of the town, at the cliff of the mountain, lie many mysterious caves which have been deserted for hundreds of years. It is believed that deep within the caves are ancient artifacts, like pottery and old ruins dating back to the Romans and the Phoenicians. No-one has ever explored these caves because of their remote location; however the ruins are believed to exist, because over 7000 years ago ancient civilizations inhabited the Levant area (including Lebanon) so that discovery wouldn’t be a surprise. About ten years ago, people from the town were doing excavation work to build a house, when they found a cave, with two old jars inside.
When Irkay was first emerging over 50 years ago, there were severe tensions between the three major families Nasser, Makki and Chakroun. Occasional brawls leading to injuries would take place. At some point of time the Lebanese army interfered to cool down the tensions. The reasons for clashes among Irkey residents to occur were land problems, multi-political beliefs and possibly due to jealousy caused between families. The people in Irkay survived a major starving episode during the first world war. Food was limited,where nearly 20% of the population died from hunger. People started planting their own food in order to survive. The episode was caused by a locust infestationh which flooded the entire country. Food became contaminated therefore many caught diseases during that period of time. It was the worst Irkay has ever experienced.
Irkay has also survived through many wars and battles such as the Civil War in 1975 and the Israeli invasion in 1978 and 1982. Both wars lasted until the end of the 20th century. During that time Irkay was occupied by Israeli soldiers, when Israel was in control of the South, and also Irkay was home to many Lebanese militias during the Civil War. In recent history, two years ago on July 2006, when the July War began, Irkay was nearly hit by 4 bombs dropped down by Israeli fighter jets and 2 of which landed on ‘Izzah, nearly 1.5 miles (2 km) away from Irkay. The explosion was definitely felt by the residents in Irkay but no harm was done. 
Recently the mayor proposed raising taxes in order to pay for the maintenance of the roads and the creation of more social activities. In the end the government decided to fund all of this as gratitude for the people.
Religion.
Irkay glows with its strong Islamic beliefs, as all residents unite with their solid choice of religion. Athan is raised 5 times a day in the mosque (Al-Masjed) as a calling for all residents to pray. Every Tuesday (El-Tawasull) and Thursday (Kumaill) duaa' is played aloud for residents across the village to participate in such holy prayer. Friday, is remarkable as it combines both the elderly and youngsters together in such a holy prayer called Salat Al-Jumaa'.
Culture.
The people in Irkay are known for their continuous cultural activities. Some of these activities include, going down to the river every 3rd week in August and have a picnic where all the residents sing and dance the traditional Lebanese dabke, after enjoying a feast finishing off the traditional Lebanese folklore. 
Irkay has its own mayor, elected by the public every four years. His job is to oversee the government projects such as, maintenance, schools, and clinics, he also communicates with the government, on behalf of the people, to tell them about their concerns and needs. Furthermore there is a reward given by Irkay to the students, in each grade, who achieve the highest marks at the end of each year.
Traditionally all the houses are built from red bricks and white stone. They also each have a garden where many residents grow their own vegetables and fruits.
Sports.
The people of Irkay enjoy many sports, such as soccer, basketball and volleyball. Every August a soccer tournament is arranged where teams from different villages are invited to participate. Sometimes even players from the Lebanese National team are invited to attend this tournament. The winning team is awarded a trophy and a cash prize. This tournament is a major source of entertainment to the residents of the South.

</doc>
<doc id="19324026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324026" title="Ivan Yershov">
Ivan Yershov

Ivan Vasiliyevitch Yershov or Ershov () (November 8, 1867 – November 21, 1943), was a Russian opera singer. He earned renown for his brilliant performances at the Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg, performing some of the most demanding roles written for the dramatic tenor voice.
Career.
Yershov was born illegitimate into a poor family in Novocherkassk. He entered the Aleksandrovsk railroad school in 1884 and trained to become a mechanic/engine driver. In his spare time, he sang in choirs. The outstanding potential of his voice was noticed and he received singing lessons in Moscow. In 1888, Anton Rubinstein awarded him a scholarship to the Saint Petersburg Conservatory where he was assigned to the class of the distinguished teacher Stanislav Ivanovich Gabel (1849–1924). He studied, too, with Joseph Palacek at the conservatory.
According to the "Concise Oxford Dictionary of Opera" at least, Yershov made his operatic debut in Saint Petersburg in 1893 as Gounod's Faust.
The young tenor travelled to Italy the following year to complete his studies in Milan with Ernesto Rossi. While in Italy, he performed at Turin and at Reggio Emilia, appearing as Don Jose in "Carmen" and Canio in "Pagliacci". He returned to Russia in 1894 and took up an engagement with the Kharkov Opera. Here he sang a variety of roles as diverse as Romeo in "Roméo et Juliette", Arturo in "I puritani", Samson in "Samson and Delilah", Vladimir in "Prince Igor" and Ernani in "Ernani". Yershov met with considerable success at Kharkov, although his voice still exhibited some shortcomings. Such was his promise, however, he was offered a contract by Russia's foremost opera house, the Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg. His debut as a Mariinsky artist came in the title role of "Faust" in January 1895.
Yershov's singing continued to grow in size and technical assurance following his arrival at the Mariinsky. Before long, he was being hailed by audiences and music critics alike as Russia's finest dramatic tenor.
He would appear regularly at the Mariinsky in a wide spectrum of operatic works, including Peter Tchaikovsky's masterpiece "Eugene Onegin", in which he sang the part of Lenski. He also sang the title roles in "Tannhäuser" and "Lohengrin" and appeared as Faust in "Mefistofele". The part of Roland in "Esclarmonde" was added in 1897 to his repertoire. In 1900, he appeared as Tristan in "Tristan und Isolde" and Raoul in "Les Huguenots". He sang the title role in "Otello" the next year, and that of Siegfried in "Siegfried" in 1902. He appeared, too, as Radames in "Aida" and Paolo in "Francesca da Rimini" in 1904. Other roles which he undertook included John of Leyden, Florestan, Grishka Kuterma, Sobinin, Tsar Berendey, Sadko, Finn, Mikhailo Tucha, Orest, Gvidan and Golitsyn. He also gave concerts featuring vocal music by Tchaikovsky, Modest Mussorgsky, J.S. Bach, G.F. Handel, Robert Schumann, Hector Berlioz and other prominent composers.
In private life Yershov was a reserved, serious-minded individual who shunned the limelight and was genuinely humble about his achievements. He also disliked travel and when Cosima Wagner asked him in 1901 to sing at the Bayreuth Festival, he declined the invitation on the grounds that he did not wish to restudy his Wagnerian roles in German. (He also feared that his musical interpretations would be stifled by the prevailing Bayreuth style of singing, which preferred Sprechgesang to bel canto.)
Yershov believed strongly that opera was an important art form and not mere entertainment for the wealthy. After the Russian Revolution of 1917, he concentrated most of his energies on producing operatic works and teaching vocal students at the Leningrad (Saint Petersburg) Conservatory, although, in February 1919, he agreed to perform the leading role in a revival of Rimsky-Korsakov's "Kashchey the Deathless". He also sang Truffaldino in Prokofiev's "The Love for Three Oranges", which received its premiere Russian performance in February 1926 at the Mariinsky (or the "Leningrad State Academic Theatre for Opera and Ballet" as it had been renamed by the Soviet authorities).
Yershov retired from the stage in 1929, having performed in approximately 55 different operas during the course of his career. In 1938, he was made a People's Artist of the Soviet Union and awarded a doctorate of musicology three years later. He was evacuated to Tashkent in Uzbekistan during the German army's invasion of Russia in World War II. Yershov died in Tashkent in 1943 at the age of 76. His remains were brought back to Russia for reinterment in 1956. Plot: he died during the evacuation and in 1956 was re-buried in Necropolis of Arts Alexander Nevsky Monastery (Saint Petersburg)http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=56960407
In 1932, Ershov began his studies at the academy of Painting, Sclpture and Architecture. Amongst his professors were I.Brodsky and I.Bilibin, the masters of the «silver age» of Russian paintings. His studies were interrupted by the Second World War when he was evacuated to Tashkent. Ershov graduated from the Academy in 1947, presenting litographs for A. Pushkin's Bronze Horseman. In 1949, a jubilee edition of Pushkin's works was published with illustrations by the artist. From the 1950s onwards, he worked mainly as an illustratorof children's books. At least two generations of Russian children grew up reading Khorovod with Ershov's illustrations. His illustrations for the Russian folk tales by Charles Perrault and Aleksandr Pushkin were very popular; The tale of the Golden Cockerel (1957-1960), A tale of the Fisherman and his wife (1956–57), Russian fairy-tales (1957–1960). Ershov also illustrated the books of contemporary poets such as M.Dudin, E.Rein, and G.Sapgir. The total publication of Ershov's children's books exceeds 1.2 million copies.
Ershov's works can be found in the collections of a number of Russian museums including the State Russian Museum and Museum of A.S. Pushkin and in museums and private collections in both France and England.
Recordings and assessment.
Although his career was almost completely confined to Russia, Yershov is considered to have been one of the very best operatic tenors of the past 125 years, on a par with the likes of Jean de Reszke, Francesco Tamagno, Enrico Caruso, Lauritz Melchior, Beniamino Gigli and Jussi Björling. His enormous reputation is supported by a handful of acoustic discs which he made in Saint Petersburg for Columbia Records and the Gramophone and Typewriter Company in 1903, most of which are now available on CD reissues. These recordings consist of some Russian songs and a few operatic arias by Giacomo Meyerbeer, Richard Wagner and Giuseppe Verdi. Despite their sonic limitations, caused by the technological limitations of the day, they show that he possessed a powerful, steady, pure-toned voice of wide compass with clarion high notes and a formidable technique.
Yershov was praised, too, for his theatrical make-up skills and vivid stage presence. His acting was said to be on the same level as that of his celebrated contemporary, the bass Feodor Chaliapin.
confession. Platonova exhilaratingly wrote: “O Siegfried! Siegfried! Child of the world! Siegfried—joy, hope of the earth! Giver of life, radiant hero!” How much light, truth, and beauty there is in you, pure and youthful! You showed us young people what youth and life means. . . . You expressed it . . . through your person . . . gave a living, concrete picture, fulfi lled a vague desire . . . I feel myself and my words to be small and pathetic before Siegfried . . . I want to pray before your creation and your talent. . . . I believe that there is a God, that he is great, having given us . . . aspiration to goodness and beauty, having given us your talent. . . . I view my entire life through fantasies, chasing
after dreams and pursuing the most romantic ideals, the questions . . . of life . . . ou have riveted my interest and sympathy with the reatness
of your personality.("Rossiiskaia natsionalnaia biblioteka (RNB), f. 275 (personal fond of Ivan Vasilievich Ershov), op. 1, d. 68, ll. 1–2 (letter from Mariia Sergeevna Platonova, daughter of the academic S. F. Platonov, to Ershov").
Anna Fishzon " Slavic Review" 70, no. 4 (Winter 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="19324055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324055" title="Babalon A.D. (So Glad for the Madness)">
Babalon A.D. (So Glad for the Madness)

Babalon A.D. (So Glad for the Madness) is a DVD single by Cradle of Filth.
The video is an homage to Pier Paolo Pasolini's famous final film "Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom", based on the Marquis de Sade's novel. Babalon is not a misspelling of Babylon, but refers to the "Scarlet Woman", "Great Mother" or "Mother of Abominations" from Aleister Crowley's mystical system ("Mother of Abominations" is also the name of track 13 on Cradle's "Nymphetamine" album).
Music video.
The video begins with a closeup of Dani Filth's face hidden in the shadows. The camera cuts to a young maid in a restroom who notices a digital camcorder, sits down in a toilet stall and looks at the camera for any footage present. The video on the camcorder shows the Cradle of Filth band members in something like an empty dance hall, sharply dressed, systematically abusing and humiliating half a dozen young men and women, while Dani directs proceedings with a megaphone. Near the video's end, Dani is seen looking at himself in an antique mirror, which he then spins around and points at the camera operator, revealing that the maid herself was recording the band's activities. In the restroom, the maid looks horrified. We then cut back to the torture room, now vacant and poorly-lit, to find the maid alone with the libertine tormentors, and forced into a chair as Dani takes the camera and another band member takes a director's clapperboard labelled "Pandora's Box." The young lady weeps as she is taunted, yelled at, and ridiculed. Back in the bathroom, the footage on the digital camcorder cuts off and the maid looks up with terror etched on her face. The video ends with what appears to be a static-filled picture, but Dani's face can be seen in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19324057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324057" title="List of Nature Conservation Act extinct in the wild flora of Queensland">
List of Nature Conservation Act extinct in the wild flora of Queensland

This is a list of the flora of Queensland listed as "Extinct in the Wild" (formerly "Presumed Extinct") under the Nature Conservation Act 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19324059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324059" title="Event Comics">
Event Comics

Event Comics was an American independent comic book publisher founded by veteran artists Jimmy Palmiotti and Joe Quesada. The company published during the years 1994 to 1999, at which point it was contracted to form the Marvel Knights imprint for Marvel Comics.
History.
Penciller Quesada and inker Palmiotti, after working well together on various projects such as Valiant Comics' "X-O Manowar", and following the creation of their first joint project in Kid Death & Fluffy for a Creators Universe card series, decided to create their own studio with their own original characters. They spent two weeks in the Florida Keys developing Ash, their flagship character.<br> "Ash" #1 (1994) was met with great reader response, and Event hit the ground running.
Event published several series starring Ash, as well as stand-alone crossovers with another Event title, "22 Brides". The initial series, simply titled "Ash", ran for a total of seven issues, with issue #6 leading directly into issue #0. The second series, "Ash: The Fire Within" ran for three issues. The final series to focus on the title character was "Ash: Cinder & Smoke", which ran for a total of six issues. Ash also co-starred in the intercompany crossover "Azrael/Ash", co-published with DC Comics in 1997.
Another popular Event character was Painkiller Jane, who made her first appearance in "22 Brides" #1 (1995). Originally a five-issue mini-series, Painkiller Jane went on to star in numerous crossover books with the likes of The Darkness, Darkchylde, Vampirella, and Hellboy.
In 1997, Event launched "Crimson Plague", the first creator-owned comic by popular veteran cartoonist George Pérez. Originally intended as a six-issue mini-series about an alien with ultra-toxic blood, Pérez produced only one issue. (He later temporarily revived the title with Image Comics in 2000.)
Other Event Comics titles included "Thrax" (1996), the "Kid Death & Fluffy Spring Break Special" (1996), the "Kid Death & Fluffy Halloween Special" (1997), "Legends of Kid Death & Fluffy" (1997), and "Here Come the Big People" (1997).
Marvel Knights.
In 1998, the Event Comics team was contracted by Marvel Comics to breathe new life into some of their second-tier characters. Under the designation of "Marvel Knights," Palmiotti and Quesada were given creative control of "Black Panther", "Daredevil", "The Punisher" and "The Inhumans". Event hired the creative teams for the line while Marvel published them, and in September 1998 the Marvel Knights imprint was born.
As Marvel Knights editor, Quesada encouraged experimentation and used his contacts in the indie comics world to bring in new creators such as David W. Mack, Michael Avon Oeming, Brian Michael Bendis, Garth Ennis, and Steve Dillon. The Event Comics creative teams eventually produced popular, well-regarded Knights runs like Kevin Smith & Quesada's "Daredevil" and Christopher Priest's "Black Panther".
Once Marvel Knights was implemented back into Marvel proper, Quesada and Palmiotti returned to the Marvel fold, and Event Comics was shut down, the last comics published being "Ash: Fire and Crossfire" in January and March 1999, respectively. In 2000, Quesada ascended to the role of Marvel's editor-in-chief. As of June 2010, he is also Chief Creative Officer (CCO) of Marvel Entertainment; this double commitment led to Quesada stepping down as editor-in-chief in January 2011, saying: 

</doc>
<doc id="19324082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324082" title="Antirrhinum nuttallianum">
Antirrhinum nuttallianum

Antirrhinum nuttallianum (syn. "Sairocarpus nuttallianus"), and known by the common names Nuttall's snapdragon and violet snapdragon, is a species of New World snapdragon. 
It is native to southern California and Baja California, where it can be found from the immediate coastline to the inland coastal ranges. 
Description.
"Antirrhinum nuttallianum" is an annual or biennial herb producing an erect, vinelike stem which sometimes clings to objects for support, but does not twine as tightly as many other snapdragons. 
The flowers are veined light purple with white patches and around a centimeter long. Each is borne on a short pedicel.

</doc>
<doc id="19324085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324085" title="Sporting Sports Arena">
Sporting Sports Arena

Sporting Sports Arena, AKA Sporting Indoor Hall is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in the area of Patissia, Athens, Greece. The seating capacity of the arena is 2,500 people. The arena is currently home to the Greek professional basketball team AO Sporting. 
History.
The hall was opened in 1968. It was the home of the Euroleague giants Panathinaikos from 2002 to 2004, while their regular home arena, OAKA Indoor Hall, was being upgraded for the 2004 Athens Olympics. In recent years, the hall has been renovated several times and air conditioning was added. It is one of the last pro-basketball arenas in Greece from the old Greek basketball era. The arena is known for the fact that fans can hear the conversations of the players and coaches during the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19324096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324096" title="Elvis Thomas">
Elvis Thomas

Elvis Thomas (born July 27, 1972) is a former Canadian soccer player. 
He spent the majority of his soccer career in North America, primarily playing for clubs in Canada. Thomas' greatest achievements were spent with the Toronto Lynx, and the Toronto Olympians, where he won a league title and two Open Canada Cups with the Olympians; he was also awarded the Canadian Professional Soccer League MVP Award. 
Internationally, Thomas has represented Canada at the senior level, by being capped a total of three times. He holds the distinction of being first CPSL player to be called up for the national team, while playing in the league.
Club career.
Thomas began playing soccer during his tenure at the University of Hartford. During his four-year tenure at Hartford Thomas' accomplishments were being named All-New England and First Team All-Conference in 1993 and 1994, and serving captain in both those seasons. Also helped the Hawks earn a spot on the All-Conference Championship postseason team in 1991, 1992, and 1994. He was the Championship MVP in 1992. Upon graduating from Hartford Thomas was drafted by the Connecticut Wolves of the USISL Select League in 1996. 
The following season the USISL Select League merged with the A-League, which resulted in Thomas returning to his hometown to sign with the newly expansion franchise Toronto Lynx. The signing of Thomas was announced in a press conference where the Lynx unveiled their roster for their debut season. 
Thomas made his debut on April 12, 1997 in a match against Jacksonville Cyclones, where he made history by scoring the franchise's first goal; unfortunately the match ended in 3-1 defeat. On May 3 Thomas in a match against the Worcester Wildfire Thomas contributed by scoring the second goal in a 3-1 victory, which marked the first victory for the Toronto side. Thomas would continue his fine form by recording another goal in a 3-0 victory over the Richmond Kickers on May 11. He helped the Lynx to set a franchise and A-league record of ten straight wins; their streak came to an end with a 1-0 defeat to Long Island Rough Riders on June 22. He finished his rookie season with six goals that helped the Lynx clinch a playoff spot. During the club's playoff run Thomas started in the first leg of the semi-final match against the Montreal Impact where the Lynx were defeated 2-1. Unfortunately for the Lynx they were defeated 4-0 in the second leg of the semi-final match, which resulted in a 6-1 victory on aggregate for Montreal. In 1998 Thomas recorded his first goal of the season in a 2-1 defeat to his former club Connecticut. On August 26 the Toronto Lynx traded Thomas to rivals Montreal Impact for future considerations and an undisclosed amount of cash. In Montreal Thomas appeared in only three matches and led the Impact to the Conference Semi-finals. 
Thomas left Montreal in September 1999, when new ownership opted against fielding an outdoor squad in order to properly prepare for the 1999-2000 indoor season. Resulting in Thomas to sign with the Toronto Olympians of the Canadian Professional Soccer League. He made his debut on June 6, 1999 against York Region Shooters where he even managed to score two goals in a 7-1 victory. During the 1999 season, he was instrumental in leading his club to the Treble, and setting a league record by becoming the first CPSL franchise to finish the season undefeated. The season was productive for Thomas, as he scored 25 goals in all competitions. In doing so he led the Olympians to their first Rogers Cup triumph, where he scored the opening goal in a 2-0 victory over Toronto Croatia on October 2 in the CPSL playoff finals match. Thomas was even further in instrumental during Toronto's quest to claim their second consecutive Open Canada Cup. In the tournament Thomas contributed by registering five goals that led the Scarborough side to the finals, where their opponents were Toronto Croatia. During the finals the Olympians were leading the match with a one goal lead, until Thomas struck two stunning goals to allow the match to culminate to a 3-0 victory. Once the season came to a conclusion Thomas was named the CPSL MVP Award. Due to a sensational debut season he received his first cap for the national side and was part of the winning team in the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup. 
During the 2000 season, Thomas was again instrumental in Toronto's exceptionally successful campaign; together with the likes of Gus Kouzmanis, Eddy Berdusco, and Darren Tilley, Thomas led the Olympians to a 10 game undefeated streak, as well as claiming the Open Canada Cup in the process. The victory in claiming the Open Cup marked the first time in league history a club winning the trophy three consecutive years in a row. Thomas was responsible for scoring the lone goal that clinch the title for the Scarborough based club, in a 1-0 victory over St. Catharines Roma Wolves. Thomas finished the season with nine goals placing him third in most goals scored for the Olympians. Though he did manage to led his team to the playoff finals, unfortunately they were defeated by Toronto Croatia by a score of 2-1. 
Shortly after the season Thomas announced a leave of absence in order to pursue a career in teaching. He made his return to soccer a year later when he returned to the A-League to sign with his former club Toronto Lynx. Thomas was signed on April 20, 2002 in a press conference held by the Lynx. He scored his first goal of the season on April 27, 2002 in a 2-1 victory over Hampton Roads Mariners. He nearly helped the Lynx make the playoffs, where the Lynx required a victory in the final game of season against Atlanta Silverbacks, but unfortunately the match resulted in a tie for the Lynx, which allowed Charlotte Eagles to clinch the final playoff berth. On March 18, 2003 the Toronto Lynx re-signed Thomas to a one-year contract. Thomas concluded the season with two goals, but unfortunately the Lynx failed to reach the post season for the third year straight. As his contract expired at the end of 2003 season, Thomas announced his retirement from professional soccer in order to continue on teaching. In 2006 it was announced that Thomas was inducted into the University of Hartford Hall of Fame.
International career.
He made his debut for Canada in an October 1999 CONCACAF Gold Cup qualification match against Haiti and went on to earn a total of 3 caps, scoring no goals. He was in Canada's title-winning squad at the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup, but did not play himself. His final international was a January 2000 friendly match against Bermuda.
Coaching career.
He now works for Neil McNeil Catholic Secondary School as an English teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19324100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324100" title="Northwest Aeronautical Institute">
Northwest Aeronautical Institute

The Northwest Aeronautical Institute (Spanish for "Instituto Aeronáutico del Noroeste") is an aviation school located in Tijuana, Mexico. 
The school was founded on January 28, 1982. It is based at the GAB Terminal of the Tijuana International Airport. It operates training flights to Ensenada Airport and Real del Castillo Airstrip.
The curriculum covers degree programs in the aviation fields to become a private pilot, commercial pilot, flight instructor, and flight attendant.

</doc>
<doc id="19324109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324109" title="Kim Young-Ho">
Kim Young-Ho

Kim Young-Ho (Hangul: 김영호, Hanja: 金永浩) (born April 9, 1971 in Nonsan, Chungcheongnam-do, South Korea) is a South Korean foil fencer.
At the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, he won the gold medal in individual foil, defeating Ralf Bissdorf of Germany in the final. He became the first Olympic Champion in fencing from Korea, and the first Asian man to win an Olympic Gold medal in fencing.
At the 1997 World Championships he had perhaps one of the most heroic losses in top level fencing. With approximately 2 minutes left in the final period, Kim was down 11-3 to Sergei Golubitsky of the Ukraine. As direct elimination fencing bouts go to 15 touches, most fencers would presume Kim was about done and was fencing for pride. 8 touches later Kim had tied the score.
He and Golubitsky (as Sergei stated on his "Golden Bouts" tape, "and now the nightmare begins...the comeback of Kim") traded touches until Kim finally lost 15-14. At "la belle" (tied for the last touch, 14-14), Kim almost pulled the win out, but his attack fell off target and Golubitsky dodged a bullet, allowing him the chance to win the bout.

</doc>
<doc id="19324116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19324116" title="Natasha Barrett (television reporter)">
Natasha Barrett (television reporter)

Natasha Barrett is an American broadcast journalist. She is a reporter for WJLA-TV in Washington, D.C. and she also hosts the daily talk show "Let's Talk Live" on WJLA's sister station, Newschannel 8. She is originally from Houston, Texas.
Barrett studied in London, England while attending American University in Washington. While in London, she worked for CNBC Europe. She graduated from American with a BA in Broadcast Journalism and Computer Information Systems. She has worked at two stations in Texas: KZTV in Corpus Christi, followed by KCEN-TV in Waco. She joined WVEC-TV in Norfolk, Virginia as an investigative reporter in 2003. Then, in 2006, she joined WJLA as a reporter.
Barrett has received numerous awards for her work in journalism. Those awards include a Breaking News Award for her day long coverage of a deadly church bus crash from the Texas Associated Press.
She is also the recipient of an Investigative Reporting Award from the Virginia Associated Press for her work at WVEC-TV.
In 2007, she was nominated for the Hottest Female On-air in Washington.

</doc>
