<doc id="19338963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338963" title="Louis Vuitton Pacific Series">
Louis Vuitton Pacific Series

The Louis Vuitton Pacific Series was a match race regatta in America's Cup Class yachts in Auckland, New Zealand during January and February 2009. Racing started on 30 January. The Louis Vuitton Pacific Series was organised in association with the New Zealand Government, Emirates Team New Zealand, the Royal New Zealand Yacht Squadron, Auckland City and Skycity Entertainment Group. Bruno Troublé was Louis Vuitton's organizer and spokesperson for the Series.
The creation of the event was in response to the legal battle surrounding the America's Cup yachting competition at the time. Because of the long delays from the legal action, and the fact that the 33rd America's Cup became a Deed of Gift match without a defender or challenger selection series, the Louis Vuitton Pacific Series was established as a competition for other America's Cup racing syndicates.
Ten syndicates took part in the regatta, which used four International America's Cup Class boats loaned to the regatta by Team New Zealand and BMW Oracle Racing. This made participation more affordable for the teams.
Described by its creators as a "fun and friendly event", the Louis Vuitton Pacific Series relied on the concept of loaned boats and quick and short races with an abbreviated schedule to pack 53 match races into a three-week period. Racing was held every day except on one scheduled lay day.
Team New Zealand won the Louis Vuitton Pacific Trophy, beating the Swiss Alinghi team 3-1 in the Cup Final.
In September 2009, this initial event was expanded into the four Louis Vuitton Trophy regattas, held between November 2009 and November 2010. These events continued to be relatively low cost, using a small number of loaned boats to keep syndicates active while waiting for the 8th Louis Vuitton Cup to determine the challenger for the 34th America's Cup.
Course/Schedule.
Up to six match races were held each day on a short windward-leeward course laid at the entrance to Auckland's Waitemata Harbour, between Rangitoto Island and the city foreshore. Four different courses were used depending on weather patterns.
Emirates Team New Zealand, as hosts, earnt direct entry into the Louis Vuitton final. However, the team was also allocated to a pool and raced in the preliminary qualifying rounds. Points won by Team New Zealand in pool play were disregarded when the rankings were determined after the qualifying rounds.
The 10 teams were divided into two qualifying groups of five, with the top three teams in each pool proceeding to the Gold Fleet and the remaining two teams proceeding to the Silver Fleet. The winner of the Gold Fleet earnt direct entry into the Challenger's Final, with the remaining teams in the Gold Fleet, and the two winners of the Silver Fleet, proceeding to the Third Round. The winner of the Third Round then met the winner of the Gold Fleet in the Challenger's Final; the winner of which proceeded to the final to race against Emirates Team New Zealand.
The winner of final was presented with the Louis Vuitton Pacific Series trophy.
The Yachts.
Team New Zealand provided NZL-92 and NZL-84 for the event and BMW Oracle Racing shipped USA-87 and USA-98 from Valencia for the event. The boats arrived in Auckland in mid-December. All four boats were extensively redesigned and worked on by onshore crew before the event. The boats were simplified and as a result did not completely meet IACC standards. The changes were made to make the boats easier to operate and make the races as even as possible.
Pools/Results.
Pool A (USA 87 & 98).
"30 January - 3 February"
Number in brackets is winning delta.
Pool B (NZL 84 & 92).
"30 January - 3 February"
Number in brackets is the winning delta.
Gold Fleet.
"5 February - 9 February"<br>
The top three teams from each pool competed in the Gold Fleet. The winner advanced directly to the Challenger final. As host, Team New Zealand advanced directly to Cup Final. A team that wins a race against Team New Zealand does not gain a point. The seeding position determines where a team appears in the third round. 
Silver Fleet.
"5 February - 9 February"<br>
The remaining four teams competed in the Silver Fleet. 
Third Round.
"10–11 February"<br>
The challengers ranked 2-7 sailed off with the winner advancing to the Challenger final. Seeds 8 and 9 also sailed off for a final ranking.
Challenger Final.
"11–12 February"<br>
The winner of the Gold Fleet competed against the winner of the Third Round.
Due to poor weather the Challenger series was reduced to a best of three series.
Cup Final.
"13 February - 14 February"<br>
As host, Team New Zealand qualified automatically for the Cup Final. They met the winner of the Challenger final in the Cup Final.
Due to poor weather the Final series was reduced to a best of five series.
Confirmed Teams.
Twelve teams were originally confirmed - however after two withdrawals the field contracted to ten teams. The teams arrived in Auckland on 23 January.
Withdrawn Teams.
The following teams were scheduled to participate or were on the waiting list but did not take part in the event.
Broadcasting.
Television.
TVNZ carried live coverage on TVNZ Sport Extra on the Freeview platform. The coverage consisted of in-studio presenters and commentators, with the race coverage provided using Virtual Eye and a single live camera. The broadcast was also be streamed live on tvnz.co.nz. The broadcast was promoted as a world first, due to the event being broadcast predominantly with Virtual Eye animation.
A ONE Sport highlights package was also broadcast each night on TV ONE. A modified version of this highlights programme, as well as selected footage for news stories, was distributed nightly via satellite to international broadcasters by Dominique Curchod Communication.
Radio.
The event was also broadcast in New Zealand on a special radio station, BSport Sailing 103.0 FM.
Junior Series.
A Junior series for under-16's was run at the same time as the senior series. Competitors were selected by Auckland yacht clubs and competed in a series of races using O'pen Bic yachts around a short course in Auckland's Viaduct Harbour. Twenty O'pen Bic boats were bought over for the event by Series organiser Bruno Trouble. The event was won by Chris Steele, who received an O'pen Bic yacht and the opportunity to be 18th man on the Alinghi boat during the Cup Final races.

</doc>
<doc id="19338975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338975" title="Sergiy Verigin">
Sergiy Verigin

Sergiy Verigin (born on March 24, 1868, Ljubljana, Slovenia -1938) was a Russian Orthodox converted to Catholicism. Initially ordained an Orthodox clergyman, in 1907 Verigin changed his religious position united himself to Catholic faith. From 1910 to 1929 was a priest who celebrated Mass in a Russian Catholic church in Rome and participated as a member of Pro Russia movement, however maintaining pessimistic views in relation to Russian Orthodoxy union with Catholic Church. Verigin died in 1938.
Biography.
Sergiy Verigin was born in Ljubljana in a family of Russian nobles, his father was then working in the Russian embassy. In 1888 graduated from high school in Moscow, after which he entered the Moscow Theological Academy, where he studied with Father Nicholas Tolstoy, who took the union with Catholic Church in 1894.
In 1889 Verigin dedicated to the priesthood in the Penza and received a gold cross as a sign of special favor and the location of the emperor. By tradition of the Russian Orthodox Church was forced to marry her, but married life was painful about. Sergius, and at the first opportunity, distanced himself from his wife and children and saw them only occasionally. In 1905 sent as a priest in France and served in Pau and Biarritz until mid 1907.
On August 28, 1907 Father Verigin joined to the Catholic Church and Cardinal Rampolla del Tindaro specifically addressed him the issue of accession. Sergiy Verigin repeatedly crossed the border of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. There he met with Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky that on August 8, 1910 attributed it to his diocese as a missionary with the right to conduct services in the Russian Catholic Church in Rome. From 1910 until the demolition of the church in 1932 he served the Divine Liturgy in the Russian Catholic Church of Saint Lawrence in Rome and on October 10, 1932 Verigin was appointed rector of the new church of Saint Anthony in Russicum . He died in 1938 as a result of a short illness. His ashes were buried in the crypt of the grave at Greek College.

</doc>
<doc id="19338986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338986" title="Hayden Ballantyne">
Hayden Ballantyne

Hayden Ballantyne (born 16 July 1987) is a professional Australian rules footballer, who currently plays with the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League, and previously won a Sandover Medal while playing with Peel Thunder.
Early career.
Only 174 cm tall, Ballantyne started his career with Peel Thunder in the West Australian Football League in 2005 as a midfielder. In 2008, Ballantyne moved into the forward line with great success, kicking 75 goals to finish second in the Bernie Naylor Medal behind Subiaco's Brad Smith, and winning the Sandover Medal by 2 votes from Callum Chambers as the fairest and best player in the league. To recognise this achievement, Peel Thunder named the outer wing at Rushton Park the "Hayden Ballantyne Wing" in April 2009.
AFL career.
Ballantyne's success in the WAFL attracted the attention of AFL recruiters, and at the age of 21, he was drafted by the Fremantle Football Club with its second round selection in the 2008 AFL National Draft (pick No. 21 overall). Ballantyne risked being excluded from the draft when he missed the Western Australian state screening session due to being overseas on a holiday. He was later tested individually and allowed to remain nominated for the draft. Ballantyne was a mature-age draftee at the age of 21, with most draftees no older than 18.
Ballantyne won the 2011 AFL Goal of the Year.
In his role as a small forward, Ballantyne became noted for his ability to pester and annoy his opponents, and to often win free kicks by encouraging overzealous retaliation from them. In April 2012, the "Herald Sun" newspaper named him as the league's "chief pest" for his success in this aspect of the game, in the week after champion Geelong full-back Matthew Scarlett had received a three-week suspension for such a retaliatory punch. Ballantyne suffered criticism for lackluster performance in the 2013 AFL Grand Final 
Personal life.
Ballantyne's father, Graeme Ballantyne is a horse trainer based at Lark Hill, Rockingham. The winner of the 2013 Perth Cup, "Talent Show", is trained by Graeme and part owned by Hayden and his Fremantle teammate Nick Suban.

</doc>
<doc id="19338990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19338990" title="Skafunkrastapunk">
Skafunkrastapunk

Skafunkrastapunk is the debut album by American ska punk band Skankin' Pickle, released in 1991 on Dill Records and subsequently re-issued in 1995.
Track listing.
All songs written by Skankin' Pickle except where otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19339006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339006" title="Kōyōen Station">
Kōyōen Station

Lines.
Kōyōen Station is the terminus of the 2.2 km Hankyū Kōyō Line from .
Due to the large number of commuters using the station in the mornings, the second platform and a smaller entrance on the east side of the station are used for boarding outgoing trains. Those leaving the train use the main platform. Also because of the large amount of students exiting at Kōyōen Station for nearby schools the exit gate is left open allowing those students holding commuter passes to exit without going through the turnstiles. 
History.
The station opened on 1 October 1924.
Surrounding area.
Kōyōen Station has access to Mount Kabutoyama.

</doc>
<doc id="19339030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339030" title="John McPhee (disambiguation)">
John McPhee (disambiguation)

John McPhee (born 1931) is an American writer.
John McPhee may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19339035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339035" title="South-West Asia Service Medal">
South-West Asia Service Medal

The South-West Asia Service Medal () is a campaign medal created in 2002 by the Canadian monarch-in-Council to recognize members of the Canadian Forces who had directly participated in efforts to combat terrorism in Southwest Asia following the Al-Qaeda attacks on the United States in 2001. It is, within the Canadian system of honours, the fifth highest of the war and operational service medals.
Design.
Designed by Carl Gauthier and Fraser Herald Cathy Bursey-Sabourin, the South-West Asia Service Medal is in the form of a diameter nickel plated gunmetal disc with, on the obverse, the Latin words "ELIZABETH II DEI GRATIA REGINA" (Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God, Queen) and, separated by maple leaves, "CANADA", all surrounding an effigy of Queen Elizabeth II wearing the George IV State Diadem, symbolizing her roles as both fount of honour and Commander-in-Chief of the Canadian Forces. On the reverse is a depiction of the Lernaean Hydra transfixed by a Canadian sword, all circumscribed by the words "ADVERSUS MALUM PUGNAMUS" (we are fighting evil).
This medallion is worn at the left chest, suspended on a 31.8mm wide ribbon coloured with vertical stripes in tan (representing the theatre of operations), red (recalling the blood spilled on 11 September 2001), and black (evoking the shock of the attacks on New York and Washington), symmetrically flanking a white central stripe (indicating peace). Should an individual already possessing a South-West Asia Service Medal be awarded the medal bar for combat service, he or she is granted a clasp in nickel plated gunmetal with raised edges and bearing the word "AFGHANISTAN" for wear on the ribbon from which the original medal is suspended.
Eligibility and allocation.
On 6 August 2002, Queen Elizabeth II, on the advice of her Cabinet under Prime Minister Jean Chrétien, created the South-West Asia Service Medal to recognize members of the Canadian Forces who had provided support in the War in Afghanistan. To qualify for the medal, individuals had to have served in operations conducted in Southwest Asia for at least 90 days after 11 September 2001, and those who for a minimum of 30 days engaged in direct combat with the enemy in the theatre of war (which included Afghanistan, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, the Persian Gulf, Gulf of Oman, Arabian Sea, Gulf of Aden, Red Sea, Suez Canal, and north-western parts of the Indian Ocean) were entitled to receive the additional medal bar; in total, 7,497 medals were issued, along with 7,200 bars.

</doc>
<doc id="19339038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339038" title="Vladislav Bulin">
Vladislav Bulin

Vladislav Bulin (born May 18, 1972 in Penza, U.S.S.R.) is a defenceman currently playing for Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk in the Kontinental Hockey League. Bulin was drafted 103rd overall in the 5th round by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft. Bulin began his career with HC Dynamo Moscow of the Russian Super League, where he played two seasons. He then spent three seasons in the American Hockey League, two with the Hershey Bears, and one with the Philadelphia Phantoms. He split the 1997-98 season with Star Bulls Rosenheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga and Michigan K-Wings of the International Hockey League. He returned to the RSL for the 1998-99 season, playing for SKA Saint Petersburg, then went back to the DEL for 1999-2000. He played with Augsburger Panther that season, and the Hannover Scorpions the next. He finally returned once again to the RSL for 2001-02, playing two seasons for Lada Togliatti. He spent the 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons once again with HC Dynamo Moscow, and has been with Metallurg Magnitogorsk every season since.

</doc>
<doc id="19339042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339042" title="KERL">
KERL

KERL (99.3 FM, "Earl FM") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format. Licensed to Cotton Plant, Arkansas, the station is currently owned by Caldwell Media.
History.
The station signed on in August 2008 and featured "The Steve Harvey Morning Show" and "Keith Sweat Hotel" as programming.
On August 1, 2011, KERL changed their format to classic rock, branded as "Earl FM".

</doc>
<doc id="19339045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339045" title="Computers and Blues">
Computers and Blues

Computers and Blues is the fifth album by The Streets and the final one Mike Skinner plans to release under this alias, officially released in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2011. It contains 14 songs, including an appearance from British singer-songwriter Clare Maguire. Rob Harvey of The Music worked closely with Skinner on the album and features on several songs. The cover photo is a close-up of the Norfolk Terrace halls of residence at the University of East Anglia designed by architect Denys Lasdun. The 'Blues' part of the title refers to Skinner's beloved Birmingham City.
Chart performance.
On 10 February 2011, "Computers and Blues" debuted at number 22 on the Irish Albums Chart. On 13 February 2011 the album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 8.
Release history.
The album was released in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2011, but was made available to Spotify Premium subscribers on 2 February. A stream of the album was made available by "Guardian News and Media" on 3 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19339048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339048" title="Arne Zetterström">
Arne Zetterström

Arne Zetterström (1917 – 7 August 1945) is best known for his research with the breathing mixture hydrox for the Swedish Navy.
Zetterström first described the use of hydrogen as a breathing gas in 1943. From 1943 to 1944, a total of six ocean dives were made utilizing this mixture with the deepest to 160 meters (96% hydrogen and 4% oxygen).
On 7 August 1945, Zetterström experienced technical problems diving from the HMS Belos. His support divers misread his signals and this was followed by a rapid ascent that resulted in severe decompression sickness and hypoxia.

</doc>
<doc id="19339059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339059" title="Rob Miller (South Carolina politician)">
Rob Miller (South Carolina politician)

Robert Lauransom "Rob" Miller (born August 28, 1974 in Charleston, South Carolina) was the unsuccessful Democratic nominee in the 2010 election for the United States House of Representatives from South Carolina's 2nd congressional district. He was the nominee for the same seat in 2008, but was defeated by the Republican incumbent, Joe Wilson, in a close election.
Early life and education.
Miller is originally from Charleston, South Carolina. He met his wife Shane, while a student at Bishop England High School. The two began dating while both were enrolled at the College of Charleston. He graduated from the University of South Carolina with a B.A. degree, and received a Master's Degree in justice administration from Norwich University.
United States Marine Corps.
During his freshman year at the College of Charleston, Miller enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. Miller's basic training took place at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island in 1995. Miller served 13 years in the United States Marine Corps, including two deployments in the Iraq War. During his service in Iraq, Miller experienced combat duty in battle locations during the initial two years of the Iraq War, including Mosul, Haditha, and Fallujah. Miller rose to the rank of captain, and retired from the Marine Corps in February 2008.
Political career.
2008 U.S. Congressional campaign.
The 2nd had long been considered a Republican stronghold; it has been in Republican hands since 1965 and was one of the first areas of the state to break away from its Democratic roots. However, national Democratic officials expressed optimism that Miller could compete for the seat, in part based on expected high turnout of supporters of Barack Obama.
In the days leading up to the election, Miller's campaign attracted the interest of top Democrats, and House Majority Whip James Clyburn, also of South Carolina, campaigned for Miller. By October 23, 2008, Miller had raised about $500,000, approximately half as much as Wilson.
In the November 4 election, Miller took 46.4 percent of the vote. He was defeated by the Republican incumbent, Joe Wilson, in the closest election of Wilson's political life in the South Carolina Senate and United States House of Representatives. Wilson won the election by a margin of approximately 26,000 votes.
2010 U.S. Congressional campaign.
In 2010, Miller challenged Republican incumbent Joe Wilson for . Also running were Libertarian nominee Eddie McCain and Constitution Party nominee Marc Beaman. On September 9, 2009, Representative Wilson shouted "You lie!" at President Obama during his speech to a joint session of Congress. Donations to Miller for his 2010 campaign against Wilson immediately spiked, followed by counter donations from Wilson's supporters. Within 48 hours, Miller had topped $1 million and Wilson $750,000. After one week, both candidates had received over $1.5 million. A poll conducted a day after the outburst by the Democratic affiliated pollster Public Policy Polling found Miller ahead of Wilson 44% to 43%. "WCSC-TV" described the 2010 race as "a high-stakes re-election campaign".
In January 2010, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee placed Miller's challenge opposing Wilson among the top 17 races in the 2010 elections for U.S. Congress. By February 2010, the Miller-Wilson contest had become the most expensive U.S. House of Representatives race in South Carolina history. During campaigning, Miller emphasized the viewpoint that his opponent had become complacent in Washington, D.C., "Joe Wilson raised his own pay five times; used taxpayer dollars to bail out Wall Street; and voted against combat benefits for troops in Iraq. I don’t know what state thinks he’s from. This race is going to be won because Congressman Wilson has voted against South Carolina interests time and time again." Miller positioned himself in the race as a fiscally conservative Democrat.
Carol Fowler, Chairwoman of the South Carolina State Democratic Party, noted that Miller had gained experience since his prior election campaign, "(Miller) ran a competitive race in 2008, but he was clearly new at it. He's more sure of himself, he's better at fundraising, he's better at one-on-one talking to voters, he makes a better speech." Miller's first political television advertisement, titled "Iraq", included U.S. Marines that spoke positively of his leadership skills while serving in Iraq. The political ad first ran in August 2010. Miller placed an ad in which he accused his opponent of outsourcing jobs to Central America. Miller stated his campaign was attempting to appeal to members of the Republican and Independent parties as well as the Democrats, in order to highlight criticisms of his opponent.
Miller criticized trips made by Wilson to Afghanistan, and stated the visits detracted from funding for U.S. military efforts due to the protection required for the trips. Miller emphasized a House Ethics Committee investigation into Wilson's usage of travel funds, and commented, "Joe Wilson represents everything about Washington that's wrong today. He has a long track record of skirting ethical rules in congress and that's not what South Carolina is about." He criticized Wilson's travel to Iraq as frivolous, stating to "McClatchy Newspapers", "When I was in Iraq, I don't know how many times we had to take Marines and soldiers off missions so they could provide security for these political stunts. That's simply unacceptable. These politicians need to get out of the way and let the military get the job done." After reports that the Congressional House Ethics Committee investigation was wider than Wilson had led individuals to believe, Miller's campaign stated, "Congressman Wilson has been intentionally misleading the public about his ethics investigation. If he will admit to stealing in broad daylight, what is happening behind closed doors?"
Wilson defeated Miller by 53.5% to 43.8%.
Personal life.
Miller and his wife Shane married in 1997. They own a store in Beaufort, South Carolina called The Recruit's Depot, which sells San Diego and Parris Island Marine Corps merchandise. In 2008, Miller lived on Lady's Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina. In 2010, their son, Ransom, was a student at Beaufort Elementary School. Ransom and his family now live in Bethesda MD.

</doc>
<doc id="19339073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339073" title="List of awards and nominations received by Lil Wayne">
List of awards and nominations received by Lil Wayne

This is a list of awards and nominations received by Lil Wayne.
MOBO Awards.
The MOBO Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1996 by Kanya King to recognize music artist on any race. Lil Wayne received one award from two nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual award ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1974. Lil Wayne received five nominations
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Lil Wayne has been nominated sixteen times.

</doc>
<doc id="19339076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339076" title="Boechera cobrensis">
Boechera cobrensis

Boechera cobrensis (syn. "Arabis cobrensis") is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Masonic rockcress and sagebrush rockcress. It is native to the western United States from eastern California to Wyoming, where it is found in sandy habitat, especially sagebrush. This is a perennial herb growing several erect, slender stems to heights near half a meter from a branching caudex. The plant forms a narrow clump with a base of narrow, linear, densely hairy leaves up to 5 centimeters long. There are also a few slightly shorter leaves clasping the stems at intervals. The top of each stem is occupied by an inflorescence of small, nodding flowers with dull yellowish sepals and white petals. The flowers give way to fruits which are narrow, straight siliques up to 4 centimeters long containing winged seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19339081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339081" title="Simon Balle School">
Simon Balle School

Simon Balle School is a mixed age 11–18 Academy that includes a sixth form in Hertford, Hertfordshire, England. The school's results for many years have been above the national average. Its name derives from Simon de Balle, one of two deputies (MPs) sent to Parliament to represent the Borough in 1298. He owned Balls Park, which is adjacent to the school's location.
The school converted to Academy Status on 1st November 2013.
The Cowper Testimonial School.
The Cowper Testimonial School which opened in 1841 and stood at the junction of Mangrove Road and London Road was closed in July 1957 to make way for the dual carriageway. The pupils were moved to the new school at Balls Park (Simon Balle Secondary Modern School). 

</doc>
<doc id="19339087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339087" title="Sidney D. Jackman">
Sidney D. Jackman

Sidney Drake Jackman (March 7, 1826 or March 21, 1828 – June 2, 1886) was an American farmer, teacher, and soldier. He served as an officer in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War, most noted for his performance in the early part of the Battle of Westport in 1864. 
After the war Jackman fled to Mexico, then returned to the United States. He again took up farming, served as a state legislator, and later entered law enforcement.
Early life and career.
Jackman was born in Jessamine County, Kentucky, in the spring of either 1826 or 1828, the son of Thomas Jackman and his wife Mary Drake. Sometime in 1830 the family moved to Howard County, Missouri, where Sidney Jackman was taught some basic schooling. By late in the 1840s he was living in Boone County, Missouri, where he look up work as a schoolteacher as well as farming. On February 18, 1849, Jackman married his first wife, Martha Rachael Slavin, in Boone County, and they would have two daughters and four sons together.
Soon after getting married Jackman moved his family to Howard County, Missouri, and in 1855 they settled in Papinville, located in Bates County. In both locales Jackman again was farming and teaching. Jackman organized local militias while in Papinville to deal with "Jayhawker" and other raids from nearby Kansas, and in 1860 he relocated his family further into Missouri's interior to try to avoid these troubles. By the time of the American Civil War, Jackman was a captain in the Missouri State Militia.
Civil War service.
Jackman chose to follow the Confederate cause in 1861, and entered the Missouri State Guard. The next year he was appointed the colonel of the 7th Missouri Infantry Regiment, and in May 1862 he led cavalry troops in the raid of Neosho, Missouri. On August 16 Jackman fought at the Battle of Lone Jack, where he led troops that helped capture the Union forces occupying Lone Jack, Missouri, and on August 31 he was given command of the 16th Missouri Infantry. 
Jackman would serve in the Western Theater, mainly participating in irregular guerilla style tactics against Union targets. By the fall and winter of 1862 Jackman had successfully recruited enough troops to aid the regular Confederate Army raids into Missouri. On January 11, 1863, his men entered Union-held Columbia, hoping to free Confederates in the city's jail, but the attempt failed. On April 23 Jackman and his troopers kidnapped Missouri Militia (Union) Brig. Gen. Thomas J. Bartholow and then set up camp at Glasgow. On June 1 Jackman's small command encountered and defeated a group of Federal cavalry, where he reportedly shot the leader of the Union horsemen.
In May 1864 Jackman and his men entered Arkansas and were based near the Boston Mountains in the northwest part of the state. By June he had recruited a cavalry regiment that was to be called "Jackman's Missouri Cavalry" which was added to Brig. Gen. Joseph Shelby's cavalry division of Maj. Gen. Sterling Price's Army of Missouri in the Trans-Mississippi Department. That fall Jackman's command (a cavalry brigade consisting of two regiments and two battalions of raw recruits) participated in Price's Raid. During the first stages of the raid Jackman led the attack and capture of Union-held Glasgow.
Westport.
Jackman fought in the Union victory at the Battle of Westport near modern-day Kansas City, Missouri, on October 22 – 23, 1864, one of the war's largest clash of mounted troops. During the first day of the battle he led the attack that routing the Federals from their initial position, and early on second day his brigade launched a successful attack directly on Westport. When the Confederate rear collapsed during his attack he was ordered to halt and act as rear guard to fend off the Union pursuit. 
Two days later in Kansas at the Battle of Mine Creek, Jackman's cavalry was ordered to guard Price's supply trains and thus missed the Confederate defeat and resulting rout, though his brigade succeeded in slowing the Federal pursuit.
During his raids and skirmishes Union soldiers had taken his family into custody in 1865, as "retribution for his guerilla activities." At first they were held in St. Louis, Missouri, later moved to Natchez, Mississippi, and finally held at Alexandria, Louisiana, until the end of the war. 
On May 10, 1865, Jackman was promoted to the rank of brigadier general by the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department, Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith; however his appointment was never confirmed by the Confederate Congress.
Postbellum.
With the collapse of the Confederate States in 1865, Jackman and some of his men decided not to surrender and headed for Mexico. Along the way Jackman reunited with his now-released family in Shreveport, Louisiana, and proceeded with them toward Texas and the border. Near the end of 1865 they arrived in the city of San Marcos, located in Hays County, Texas. Jackman entered northern Mexico, leaving his family in Texas while he ascertained whether to relocate there. Deciding against it, he crossed back into the United States and surrendered to Federal authorities in San Antonio. Taken to New Orleans, Louisiana, took the loyalty oath to the U.S. Government, and was subsequently paroled.
During 1867 Jackman bought a ranch near Kyle, Texas, and settled his family there, farming and raising cattle. He and his wife helped found the First Christian Church, Disciples of Christ, and he later was a Blanco Chapel Free School trustee. His wife of 21 years, Martha, died in 1870. In 1873 Jackman won election as representative to the Fourteenth Texas Legislature. Jackman remarried in 1875 to Cass (Kyle) Gains, a widow, and they would have two sons and two daughters together. 
On March 17, 1885, Jackman was appointed the U.S. Marshal for western Texas by U.S. President Grover Cleveland. He held this post until his death at his home in Kyle in June 1886. He is buried in the town's Kyle Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19339103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339103" title="The Green Album (Skankin' Pickle album)">
The Green Album (Skankin' Pickle album)

The Green Album is the fourth and final studio album by American ska punk band Skankin' Pickle, released in 1996 on Dr. Strange Records. It was the last Skankin' Pickle release to feature founder and vocalist Mike Park, who announced his departure from the band in the album's liner notes.
Commissioned and released by Dr. Strange Records (rather than Skankin' Pickle's own label Dill Records), "The Green Album" was originally intended to be a six-song EP of cover songs wherein each member picked and sung a song of their choosing. Eventually the decision was made to expand the EP into a full-length, leading the band to record seven additional songs, all of which were unreleased demos dating back to as far as 1989.
According to the liner notes, "The Green Album" was recorded and mixed in 30 hours for the cost of $735, recorded on 8 track in the basement where trombonist Lars Nylander and members of ska punk band The Rudiments were living at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19339117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339117" title="Tomomi Nakao">
Tomomi Nakao

Tomomi Nakao (中尾 巴美 "Nakao Tomomi", born 27 November 1981) is a former Japanese volleyball player who played for Ageo Medics.

</doc>
<doc id="19339119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339119" title="Adam Walters">
Adam Walters

Adam Walters (born 5 August 1963) is a Walkley Award-winning Australian journalist and author. He was also a political adviser to former New South Wales Premier, Morris Iemma.
Journalistic career.
Walters' first job was at "The Daily Advertiser", in his home town of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. In 1985 he moved to Sydney, working as a reporter and newsreader for radio 2WS, 2CH and 2 Triple M. In 1989 he joined The Daily Telegraph" newspaper.
Television journalism.
In 1990, Walters made the transition to television, as a crime reporter for the Seven Network. In 2000, he switched to the Nine Network, continuing in the role of crime reporter. Walters shared a Logie Award and Walkley Award for the Nine News team's coverage of the 2002 Bali bombings. In 2006, Walters became the Nine Network's NSW State Political Correspondent, and went on to earn Walkley and Logie award nominations for most outstanding television news reporting in 2007 after a series of stories which led to the resignation of the NSW Police Minister.
Major stories.
In his 30 years as a news journalist Walters has been on location to file on many major stories including the Anita Cobby murder, the North Shore "Granny Killer", the 1989 Newcastle earthquake, the Strathfield massacre, the Backpacker Murders in the Belanglo State Forest, the assassination of NSW parliamentarian John Newman, the abduction and murder of Southern Highlands schoolgirl Ebony Simpson, the Port Arthur massacre, the 1997 Thredbo landslide, the 1998 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race tragedy, the 2002 Bali Bombings, the arrest of the Bali Nine heroin smugglers, European reaction to the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami, the first murder on Norfolk Island in 150 years, and the 2009 Black Saturday bush fires in Victoria.
In 2009 an investigation by Walters into the proliferation of illegal brothels in NSW led to the closure of Sydney's biggest. The series of stories exposed the NSW Government's failure to enforce legislation drafted two years earlier to eradicate the illicit sex trade.
By December 2009 an investigation by Walters for The Daily Telegraph exposed the cover-up of child sex abuse at the highest level of Australian swimming. A series of stories followed four months of investigations into a secret police strike force set up after the Sydney Olympic Games to examine multiple child sex abuse allegations against the late Olympic swimming coach Terry Buck. Several victims came forward to give disturbing, detailed accounts of their suffering. Buck was never charged, despite five months of investigations by Strike Force Solano.
On 20 May 2010, Walters broke a story on "Seven News" in Sydney about the resignation of New South Wales Transport and Roads Minister David Campbell. Walters' story was based around hidden camera footage of the Minister leaving a gay sex club in Sydney's eastern suburbs. Walters had confronted Campbell with the footage, and upon being told the story would air, Campbell resigned as Minister an hour prior to the news bulletin. Although former NSW Labor Premier Barrie Unsworth said Campbell's actions were "deplorable" for exposing himself to "blackmail and compromise" the story was criticized by other sections of the media and by politicians, including the Sydney Morning Herald which deemed it "not a good moment for the media coverage of Macquarie Street". The Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) ruled Seven's Campbell story was in the public interest After Labor's 2011 election defeat Fairfax Media's Sun-Herald State Political editor reported the Campbell story was a critical setback for former NSW Premier Kristina Keneally.
In 2012 Walters and Seven News colleagues Lee Jeloscek, Sharri Markson and Michael Mckinnon won the Walkley Award for Television News Reporting after a series of stories revealed the NSW Government defied its own advice against establishing a monopoly for the sale of the biofuel ethanol.
Walters has co-authored four books, "Nightmare on Norfolk", about the murder of Janelle Patton, and "The Accidental Gangster — the Life and Times of Bela Csidei", ""The Face Without A Name - Finding Jane Doe"" and ""Cold Cases." All the books were co-written with fellow crime reporter Norm Lipson. Walters was also a regular contributor to The Bulletin Magazine.
Politics and return to journalism.
In July 2008 he resigned from the Nine Network to work as a communications adviser to New South Wales Premier Morris Iemma. He rejoined The Daily Telegraph, becoming the paper's NSW Political Editor before resuming his television career in April 2010, as a senior reporter at Channel Seven, Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="19339129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339129" title="Martialis heureka">
Martialis heureka

Martialis heureka is a species of ant that was discovered in 2000 from the Amazon rainforest near Manaus, Brazil. It was described as a new species and placed as the sole member of a new subfamily, Martialinae. The generic name means "from Mars" and was given due to its unusual morphology, and the species epithet "heureka" indicates the surprising discovery. It belongs to the oldest known distinct lineage to have diverged from the ancestors of all other ants.
Description.
Like all members of the family Formicidae these ants have the distinctive elbowed antennae, prominent metapleural glands and a distinctive petiole. The ants however lack compound eyes, are pale in colour, and lead a subterranean life preying on small litter organisms. The workers have unusual, elongated mandibles that are distinctly basal in their features.
Based on the morphology the authors suggest that the ants lead an underground life, possibly foraging on the surface during the night. The first two specimens were found in soil core samples while another was found in leaf litter. They probably make use of pre-existing underground cavities as the legs do not show adaptations for digging.
Discovery.
Two specimens were first discovered by Manfred Verhaagh of the Staatliches Museum für Naturkunde in Karlsruhe, Germany in 2000, but they were damaged and it was only in 2003 that a new specimen was collected by Christian Rabeling, a graduate student of the University of Texas at Austin.
Name.
The aberrant features of this ant led Stefan P. Cover and Edward O. Wilson to comment that it was an ant that had to be from Mars. The genus name therefore refers to the planet Mars, alluding to the strange characteristics that seem to come out of nowhere, the species epithet is from Ancient Greek ηὕρηκα "I found it", echoing Archimedes' famous exclamation was meant to epitomize the troubles involved in the rediscovery of the species after the first specimen discovered in a soil sample was lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19339130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339130" title="The Acorn People">
The Acorn People

"The Acorn People" is the name of a nonfiction book for middle grade readers, written by author, educator and storyteller Ron Jones and first published in 1976. It is was adapted for television in 1981.
Summary.
Ron Jones looks forward to his summer at Camp Wiggin, where he will work as a camp counselor. Although he knows the children who attend Camp Wiggin are disabled, he assumes he will still be able to have fun enjoying the outdoors, hiking, swimming and boating at the camp. When he arrives and meets the children, however, he is at first appalled at how severely disabled they are. One of the children is known as "Spider." This is because he has no arms, or legs. Arid is another camper because he cannot control his bladder.
Then Jones meets his children—a group called "The Acorn People." They have given themselves this name because of the acorn necklaces they make at camp. Over time, they teach their counselor that despite their disabilities, they are just like everyone else on the inside and that they are capable of accomplishing much more than he previously understood. Jones comes to care for and love these children as much as the full-time staff at Camp Wiggin.
Awards.
"The Acorn People" was honored as the Christian Book of the Year.
Main Characters.
Benny B:
A black child who had his legs ravaged by polio and is small in size.
He is alert and perceptive,and known as a speed freak, brave, determined, and excitable. 
Spider: Has no arms or legs. Amazingly,he can swim. He swims very close to how a dolphin swims. He also came up with the name "The Acorn People."
Martin: the most able-bodied person at camp, as he is blind. Very likeable and outgoing
Aaron Gerawlski (A.K.A.) Arid: smells awful, he has no bladder or the normal means to pull waste from the body. His skin is always clammy, has a urine bag attached to his intestines
Thomas Stewart: Has muscular dystrophy, and is fifteen or sixteen, though it's hard to tell.He weighs only 35 pounds.His mouth always dry and he stays hunched over in his chair, covered by a dark blanket. He's unwilling to move unless moved. He's pensive, patient and dying.
This story begins at Camp Wiggens, a camp that is suited to needy children. Ron Jones is a camp counselor and is also in charge of five of the campers along with a man named Dominic. Ron didn't expect Camp Wiggens to be such a hard job, as he took the job thinking that the kids were not so severely disabled.

</doc>
<doc id="19339153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339153" title="Water supply and sanitation in Israel">
Water supply and sanitation in Israel

Water supply and sanitation in Israel are intricately linked to the historical development of Israel. Because rain falls only in the winter, and largely in the northern part of the country, irrigation and water engineering are considered vital to the country's economic survival and growth. Large scale projects to desalinate seawater, direct water from rivers and reservoirs in the north, make optimal use of groundwater, and reclaim flood overflow and sewage have been undertaken. Among them is the National Water Carrier, carrying water from the country's biggest freshwater lake, the Sea of Galilee, to the northern Negev desert through channels, pipes and tunnels. Israel's water demand today outstrips available conventional water resources. Thus, in an average year, Israel relies for about half of its water supply on unconventional water resources, including reclaimed water and desalination. A particularly long drought in 1998–2002 had prompted the government to promote large-scale seawater desalination.
History.
Antiquity.
In ancient Israel, water was a precious resource. Herod the Great ordered his engineers to build aqueducts to transport water to Caesarea, then the second largest city in the country after Jerusalem. They devised a system that allowed water to flow without pumping from the springs near Mount Carmel. Seven aqueducts were constructed at this time, vestiges of which can still be seen today. 
Development of conventional water resources (1937-1965).
Because the coastal plain of historical Palestine had few water resources, Theodor Herzl already envisioned the transfer of water from the Jordan River to the coast for irrigation and drinking water supply. In order to realize that Zionist vision, the water company Mekorot was created in 1937, more than a decade before the creation of the state of Israel. In the first two decades of Israel's existence, substantial financial resources were dedicated to create the National Water Carrier, a complex water supply system including the Shiloach Pipeline along the Burma Road to Jerusalem built during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, a first pipeline to the Negev in 1955 and the transfer of water from the Sea of Galilee in 1964. Furthermore Mekorot began a Rain Enhancement program in 1961, increasing rainfall by 13%-18%. Also, a Brackish Water Pipeline was completed in 1965 to divert brackish ground water from infiltrating the Sea of Galilee.
Water reclamation (1970s and 80s).
In 1969 the Shafdan wastewater treatment plant south of Tel Aviv was completed to treat approximately 130 million cubic meters of wastewater per year for reuse in agriculture. However, wastewater from other cities and towns remained largely untreated. In 1970 there was a cholera outbreak because of illegal irrigation of salad with untreated wastewater. This gave rise to major investments in wastewater treatment under the National Sewerage Plan, which emphasized the reuse of treated wastewater. In 1984 the Kishon wastewater treatment plant was completed in Northern Israel, It provides 20 million cubic meters of treated wastewater per year for agricultural use in the fertile Jezreel Valley, maximizing distribution potential during high-demand periods.
Signing of water sharing agreements (1990s).
The 1995 Interim Agreement as part of the Oslo Peace Process provided certain quantities of water to the Palestinians, but prevents them from drilling any new wells in the Mountain Aquifer. The surface water of the Jordan River remains disputed with Syria, Lebanon and the Palestinians. Only with Jordan Israel was able to reach an agreement on the sharing of water resources in 1995 as part of the Israel-Jordan Peace Treaty. 
Seawater desalination (2000s).
In 1997, the first reverse osmosis desalination plant in Israel opened in Eilat. In 2002, under the impact of drought, the Government approved the construction of large seawater desalination plants along the Mediterranean coast. These installations would supply 305 million m3/yr of desalinated water by the year 2010 and 500 million m³/yr by 2015. By mid-2008 two of the new plants with a capacity of 130 million m3/yr were in operation. In parallel to the desalination program the cabinet also decided to promote water savings activities that could reduce household water use by at least 10 percent. In 2012, the Ashkelon Desalination Plant was converting 15,000 to 16,000 cubic meters of seawater to fresh water every hour, supplying 15 percent of Israel's annual water supply.
In July 2007 Water Commissioner Uri Shani warned about a decline in rainfall, exacerbating Israel's water crisis. "The drop in water supply derives from atmospheric contamination, which affects cloud composition and causes a drop in rainfall levels. Every year we record less water entering Lake Kinneret in the winter. Another factor in the drop in water supply is contamination of the coastal aquifer, which reduces the amount of water that can be pumped out."
In 2007 Mekorot inaugurated its advanced Central Filtration Plant at the company's Eshkol facility. Built at a cost of more than $100 million, the sophisticated plant has annual filtering capacity in excess of 500 million cubic meters per year. It is the largest plant of its type in Israel and one of the largest in the world. In 2008 Mekorot lay a fifth pipeline to Jerusalem to double the quantity of water and provide 150 million cubic meters annually, including desalinated water. In March 2008 National Infrastructures Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer and Water Authority head Uri Shani began to explore options for new wastewater treatment plants and reservoirs. Another alternative considered was more expensive but less land-intensive membrane bioreactors. In 2006 the Dan Regional Wastewater Board was criticized for plans to incinerate sludge to replace the practice of dumping it into the sea. Critics said the sludge should be used as fertilizer in agriculture.
In July 2008, in the middle of another drought, the Knesset established a state commission of inquiry into the slow progress of desalination. Desalination capacity was less than a third of the amount set by the cabinet, mostly due to a slowdown in tenders after a few years of relatively high rainfall. The planned water-saving activities were stopped completely and were resumed only in 2006, but at a slow pace. However, a vigorous water savings campaign was then started featuring videos by famous Israelis such as singer Ninet Tayeb, model Bar Refaeli and actor Moshe Ivgy. The campaign resulted in reducing water use by more than 10 percent, saving the construction of a desalination plant. In its final report in March 2010 the commission of inquiry, headed by former judge Dan Bein, concluded that changes were needed in the Water Law of 1959. The Finance Ministry was accused of having delayed desalination plans arguing that conservation and wastewater reuse should have been implemented first. Only years later, the ministry endorsed large-scale desalination. The Water Authority was said to have been slow, non-transparent and that it failed to coordinate with various ministries. Infrastructure Minister Uzi Landau endorsed the report and announced that his Ministry would submit a bill to curtail the Water Authority's powers and to put it more firmly under the control of his Ministry.
New National Water System (2009 onwards).
In January 2009 Mekorot said it would invest more than NIS 2 billion (US$ 500 million) in a new National Water System with several east-west arteries relying on pumping, complementing and partly substituting for the National Water Carrier running from north to south that relied on gravity. The new pipelines would connect the five new desalination plants along the coast with water users. The project would include the construction of 100-kilometer water channels, advanced quality control and command systems, and water reservoirs. When completed, most drinking water supplied to Israel’s residents from Hadera southwards – in other words, most of the country’s population – would come from desalinated seawater.
Water resources.
Conventional water resources.
Historically, Israel had about 1,780 million cubic meters of conventional freshwater and brackish water resources at its disposal. More than half of these resources consisted of inflows from the Golan Heights (275 million), Lebanon (310 million) and the West Bank (345 million). 92 percent of the conventional water resources were considered economically exploitable, the rest being excess floodwaters. The usable amount consisted of about 1.1 billion cubic meters of groundwater and springs and 0.6 billion from surface water. About 80% of the water resources are located in the North of the country and only 20% in the South. However, average rainfall has declined, possibly as a result of climate change, so that conventional water resources are now estimated at less than 1,336 million cubic meters in an average year over the period 1975-2011. The median was even lower at 1,202 million cubic meters per year. The Sea of Galilee and the Coastal Aquifer are Israel's main water storage facilities, with a combined storage capacity of about 2 billion cubic meters. The coastal aquifer is used as underground storage: It is being recharged in winter through recharge wells, and water is recovered in the summer during the irrigation season. Israel relies increasingly on non-conventional water resources such as reclaimed water and desalinated seawater.
The security of these resources is impacted by riparian conflicts. Several hundred million cubic meters of groundwater in the West Bank Mountain Aquifer are disputed between Israel and the Palestinians. Under the 1995 Interim Agreement as part of the Oslo Peace Process Israel provided 52 million cubic meters of water to the Palestinians in 2011, but prevents them from drilling new wells in the Mountain Aquifer. The surface water of the Jordan River remains disputed with Syria, Lebanon and the Palestinians. Only with Jordan was Israel able to reach an agreement on the sharing of water resources in 1995 as part of the Israel-Jordan Peace Treaty. 48 million cubic meters of water per year were provided to Israel under the Peace Treaty in 2011.
Droughts.
Successive years of drought from 1998–2002 had dramatically lowered water levels in all of the main reservoirs. 1998–1999 was the worst drought year in Israel for the past 100 years. The following years were also characterized by less than average rainfall which led to a shortfall of some half a billion cubic meters in Israel's water balance each year, in comparison to an average year. The winters of 2002–03 and 2003–04 were characterized by average and higher than average rainfall which led to a significant rise in the water level of the Sea of Galilee and in the collection of floodwater in catchment reservoirs. However, the country's aquifers have remained depleted. It was estimated in 2003 that increased water demand and decreased water availability has led to a cumulative deficit of nearly 2 billion cubic metres. In 2008 another drought occurred.
Reclaimed water.
In 2010, about 400 million cubic metres/year of treated wastewater (reclaimed water) was reused, primarily in agriculture. 100% of the sewage from the Tel Aviv metropolitan area was treated and reused as irrigation water for fields and public works. There are 120 wastewater treatment plants in Israel. The three largest plants are: Dan Region Plant (120 million cubic metres/year) using activated sludge and nutrient removal, with reuse in the Western Negev; Haifa Plant (37 million cubic metres/year), with reuse in the Jezreel valley, and the Jerusalem Sorek Plant (23 million cubic metres/year), located in the basin of the Sorek River. Many of the smaller wastewater treatment plants are waste stabilization ponds, a low-cost and low-energy treatment that eliminates pathogens while conserving nutrients. An example is the Arab village of Kfar Manda in the Western Galilee, whose wastewater is being treated and reused for irrigation in the neighboring Jewish community of Yodfat. Treated wastewater constituted about 17% of consumption by the agricultural sector. In 2003, the Ministry of Environment estimated that effluents would constitute 40% of the water supplied to agriculture in 2005, 45% in 2010 and 50% in 2020.
Artificial groundwater recharge.
Artificial groundwater recharge is practiced extensively in Israel from flood water, potable water from the National Water Carrier and treated wastewater. Artificial recharge has increased groundwater levels in the Coastal Aquifer and counteracted further seawater intrusion. Groundwater recharge from flood water is done by collecting runoff from winter rains in a drainage basin and directing it into recharge ponds. The groundwater is then pumped back up during summer through wells around the recharge ponds. The cost of the recharge process is limited to maintenance, with pumping costs amounting to only $0.02-$0.03 per cubic meter. About 40-50% more water than the average recharge is pumped from the aquifer in order to create a temporary hydrological depression that creates space for artificial recharge the following winter.
The largest recharge plant in Israel is the Menashe plant in the Northern coastal plain, which is operated by Mekorot. The drainage basin of the Menashe plant is 189 square kilometers, capturing about 12 million cubic meters in an average year.
Seawater desalination.
In early 2002, under the impact of drought, the government approved the construction of large seawater desalination plants along the Mediterranean coast. These installations would supply 500 million m3/yr by 2015. The government's goal is to reach a capacity of 750 million m3/year by 2020. All projects were to be executed by the private sector, through international tenders. At the end of 2013 four plants, with a total capacity of almost 500 million m3/year per year, were operational. All plants use reverse osmosis, utilizing self-generated power. 
The Ashkelon seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination plant was the largest in the world when it was commissioned. The project was developed as a BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) by a consortium of three international companies: Veolia water, IDE Technologies and Elran. In March 2006, it was voted 'Desalination Plant of the Year' in the Global Water Awards. 
The NIS 1.5 billion (US$ 375 million) financing of the Hadera plant was led by a consortium of foreign banks with 50% financed by the European Investment Bank (EIB), 25% by the French Calyon Corporate and Investment Bank and 25% by Banco Espirito Santo (BES), a Portuguese investment bank.
The construction of the plant in Ashdod by Mekorot had been delayed by an injunction in court from the private company IDE which had built the Ashkelon plant. It alleged that the contract had been awarded to Mekorot without a tender. In June 2008, the Tel Aviv District Court decided that IDE was right. In February 2009 Mekorot Development and Initiatives Ltd, a subsidiary of Mekorot, published an international tender for the planning and construction of the plant. The tender foresees an option for the winner to become a partner in the special project company controlled by Mekorot that will carry out the project, and in the project operating and maintenance company, with a stake of up to 40%.
In 2004, a representative of the Israeli Water Commission had suggested at an international conference to use 50 million m3/year from the desalination plant in Hadera for the exclusive supply of up to one million Palestinians in the Northern West Bank.
Environmental groups, such as the Israel Union for Environmental Defense, have called for a moratorium on new desalination plants, beyond the ones already in the advanced bidding stages. "We believe that even in 2020, we can make do with desalination 315 million cubic meters", a report says. It calls for water conservation, the treatment of wastewater and the recycling of greywater, as well as using construction techniques that allow rainwater to percolate into underground water reservoirs. The authors of the report claim that this would reduce the need for massive desalination of seawater and the environmental damage it causes, including the emission of greenhouse gases. In October 2011 the Water Authority published a Master Plan for Desalination in Israel.
Brackish water desalination.
In addition to these large plants, there are around 30 small mostly brackish water desalination plants that desalinate about 30 million m3/year. Most of these installations are in the Arava and the Negev. The largest of them (~11 million m3/year) is located in Eilat and desalinates brackish water and Red Sea water for use of the city's inhabitants. The first desalination installations were established in Israel in 1965.
According to other reports Israel desalinated only around 16,500 cubic meter/day (m3/d) of brackish water in 2008, corresponding to 6 million m3/year. In 2008 the government planned to increase this capacity more than 13-fold to somewhere between 220,000 m3/d and 274,000 m3/d by 2012. Some plants are intended to help to rehabilitate the southern part of the coastal aquifer, which has been adversely affected by salinity due to overextraction. In addition, a desalination facility with a capacity of 54,800 m3/d–82,200 m3/d is planned in the Western Galilee. In Nitzanim in southern Israel, a plan is being studied for increasing the size of the 9,600 m3/d desalination plant.
Water use.
Water use in 2009 was 1.91 billion cubic meters of which fresh water use was 1.26 billion cubic meters. Water use was 100 million cubic meters (5.2%) to Jordan and the Palestinian Authority, 1016 million cubic meters for agriculture(53.2%), 684 million cubic meters (35.8%) for domestic and public uses and 110 million cubic meters (5.7%) for industrial use. According to one estimate, average domestic water consumption in Israel is 137 litres per person per day on average, about half of indoor water use in the United States. However, according to another estimate water use per person per year is 90 cubic meter, corresponding to 247 litres per day. The latter estimate includes losses and probably also water use by offices that may not have been included in the former figures.
Sanitation.
Israel generally has a modern sanitation system particularly in major Jewish towns and cities. However, a report released by the Israel Union for Environmental Defense in 2010 found that 500,000 homes in Israel are not linked to a central sewage system. The vast majority of the 150 communities are Arab communities that are have no sewage hook-up and whose waste is therefore expelled into cesspits or the local environment. Jerusalem and Ariel were reported as dumping some of their refuse into streams. Israel's Water Authority said that Israel is in the "top spot globally" for using treated waste and that only 2.7% of raw sewage flows into streams and none into the sea.
Service quality.
According to the Ministry of Environment, 97.9% of the tests complied with drinking water quality standards. An analysis of results since 1989, when disinfection of groundwater was first introduced, has shown a constant improvement in the quality of drinking water, with the percentage of violations decreasing from 8.4% in 1989 to 2.1% in 1999. In 2000, the Minister of Health signed an amended version of public health regulations which raise chemical standards for water quality to very stringent standards. Maximum levels for 38 new chemical substances—including pesticides, organic solvents and petroleum products—were set for the first time while existing standards for nitrates, lead, cadmium and zinc were tightened.
The salinity of supplied water in Israel varies from very low salinity water (10 mg/l of chlorides) from the Upper Jordan River, 200 mg/l from the Sea of Galilee, and more than 1500 mg/l from groundwater sources in the south.
Responsibility for water supply and sanitation.
Responsibilities for the water and sanitation sector in Israel are defined in two key laws: The Water Law of 1959, amended most recently in 2006, and the Water and Sewerage Corporations Law of 2001.
Policy and regulation.
The Minister of Energy and Water Resources (until 2012 the Minister of Infrastructures) is the Cabinet member responsible to the Parliament (the Knesset) for the management of water resources, proposing the national water policy for Cabinet approval and subsequently implementing it, as well as for Israel's external water relations. Since some aspects of the management, protection and allocation of water resources fall into the spheres of other Ministries, the exercise of certain powers requires their consent. The principal Ministries in that category are the Ministries of Agriculture (agricultural allocations and pricing), Environmental Protection (water quality standards), Health (drinking water quality), Finance (tariffs and investments) and the Interior (urban water supply). The Administration for the Development of Sewage Infrastructures, a unit in the Ministry of Energy and Water Resources, implements government policy in the field of development of sanitation. 
The Water Authority.
With the 2006 amendment to the Water Law the Governmental Authority of Water and Sewerage (the "Water Authority") was created. The Water Authority is an inter-agency body overseen by a council composed of senior representatives of the Ministries of Finance, Energy and Water, Environmental Protection and Interior. The Director of the Authority (formerly the "Water Commissioner") is a cabinet-appointed civil servant reporting to the Minister of Energy and Water and to the Knesset. He is nominated by the Cabinet for a period of five years. There also is a Water Board, which is composed of representatives of the Government and the public (producers, suppliers and consumers), whose consent/advice must be obtained for certain measures. Past and present water commissioners or Directors of the Water Authority include Meir Ben Meir (1996–2000), Shimon Tal (2001–2006), Uri Shani (2006-2011) and Alexander Kushnir (since 2011).
Service provision.
Bulk water supply through Mekorot.
The state-owned National Water Company (Mekorot) is responsible for bulk water supply through the National Water Carrier, transferring water from the Sea of Galilee and other sources mainly to the coastal plain. Mekorot supplies 1.5 billion cubic meters of water in an average year, 70% of Israel's entire water supply and 80% of its drinking water. It supplies water to about 4,800 intermediary water providers, including municipalities, regional associations, agricultural settlements and industrial consumers. It also operates 31 desalination plants treating nearly a million cubic meters of seawater and brackish water every day. The company's eight wastewater treatment plants, including the Dan Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant, treat 40% of all Israel's wastewater. Its nine reclamation plants enable 70% of the treated effluent to be reused for agriculture. In 2007 the structure of Mekorot has been changed. The parent company, "Mekorot Water", continues to produce, transport and supply water. One of its subsidiaries, "Mekorot Ventures and Development", concentrates, among other things, on the desalination of seawater, wastewater treatment, projects for the municipal sector and projects abroad. Another subsidiary focuses on building and maintaining water infrastructures, primarily for the parent company. Mekorot also serves in some cases also as a Regional Water Authority. A Regional Water Authority does not have to be owned or controlled by the Government and may be owned either privately or by municipalities.
Water distribution and sanitation.
Water distribution and sanitation is the responsibility of 52 regional water and sewer corporations that serve 132 local authorities with 5.5 million inhabitants. Outside their service area local authorities provide services directly to customers.
Local authorities consist of 76 cities (with a population ranging from 2,500 to 750,000 inhabitants), 144 local councils in small towns and 53 regional councils in rural areas. The Water and Sewerage Corporations Law of 2001 provides for the creation of regional companies to which local authorities would gradually transfer their water and sewerage services. The 2001 Law aims at, "inter alia," full cost recovery and the promotion of private sector investments for infrastructure. The transfer of service provision from municipalities to public service entities (called "Water and Sewerage Corporations") is initially voluntary, but at a later stage it will become compulsory. It had been initially envisaged that by 2010 all municipal water and sewerage services would have been transferred to Water and Sewerage Corporations. The Corporations may serve the area of one or more municipality, although in the latter case all municipalities in the service coverage area have to agree. The Corporations have quality of service obligations and are required to obtain a permit from the Ministry of the Interior. The Corporations may be owned either by the municipality (ies) in whose service area they operate or by private investors. The Government may intervene in the operation of the Corporation, including transferring the provision of the services to another entity in case of failure in service provision, including in case of bankruptcy. The aim was to have only about 15 large regional water and sanitation companies. However, 52 companies had been established as of 2010 because mayors resisted the establishment of larger regional companies. 
An example of a multi-municipal utility that precedes the 2001 law is the Dan Regional Sewerage Board (Shafdan), which includes seven municipalities in and around Tel Aviv. It owns the Dan wastewater treatment plant, the largest wastewater treatment plant in the country which treats about 130 million cubic meters of wastewater annually for reuse in agriculture (see under reclaimed water). Mekorot operates the plant on behalf of Shafdan.
Financial aspects and efficiency.
In Israel water tariffs are levied for all uses and at all stages of production, from groundwater abstraction, to bulk water sales to final users. Investments are financed both through self-financing from water sales revenues, through commercial debt and through various subsidies paid to municipalities and to Mekorot.
Fees and tariffs.
Domestic water tariffs charged by local authorities are set by the Ministers of Interior and Finance. They are progressive (increasing-block) tariffs. The first block is for the initial 3.5 cubic meters per month for each housing unit and was set at NIS 9.09 ($2.43) in 2013, with higher consumption charged at NIS 14.60 per cubic meter. In condominiums apartments usually have their own meters. In 2005 the average household expenditures on water stood at 0.9% of total household consumption expenditures. In June 2013 the Finance Ministry and the Council of Local Authorities reached agreement that the base water tariff will be reduced by 5% by the end of 2015. Water tariffs had gone up by over 30% in previous years.
Abstraction Fees In 1999, during a severe drought, it was decided that all those extracting water from water sources would be charged with an extraction levy. The obligation for payment of the extraction levy falls on the extractor who can pass the costs on to the consumers.
Mekorot bulk water tariffs The prices Mekorot is entitled to charge are the rates set by the Ministers of Energy and Water and Finance, approved by the Knesset's Finance Committee, and updated from time to time according to the changes in the Consumer Price Index, electricity rates and the average wage index. The rates are categorized by the different uses: domestic, consumption and services, industry and agriculture. The rates for industrial and agriculture uses are lower than those for domestic consumption and services. Water for agriculture is supplied on a less reliable basis and is of poorer quality. Subsidies are provided for agriculture and for remote and elevated localities. The bulk water tariff for a specific use is the same throughout the country, irrespective of the difference in costs of supplying water to a specific locality. Mekorot bulk water tariffs were increased by 25% in January 2010, to a large extent to absorb increases in electricity prices. Energy accounts for an ever larger share of water supply costs because of the increasing share of seawater desalination.
Investment.
The total investment in the sector consists of investments by Mekorot in bulk water supply (including water supply for domestic uses, industry and agriculture), as well as investments by municipalities in drinking water distribution, sewerage and wastewater treatment. If half of the Mekorot investments of US$ 240 million in 2006 can be attributed to domestic water supply (US$ 120 million), and US$ 125 million were invested by municipalities in sanitation (see below), total investments in drinking water supply and sanitation stood at least US$ 245 million per year, excluding investments in desalination plants under BOO schemes and excluding investments in drinking water distribution by municipalities.
Financing.
Municipalities receive grants and soft loans in order to finance investments, particularly in wastewater treatment. These subsidies are channeled through various funds, such as the Water Networks Rehabilitation Fund, the National Sewage Program and the Wastewater Renovation and Reuse Program. The State invests about NIS 450 million per year (about US$ 125 million) in sanitation through these funds, mostly in the form of long term subsidized loans (20 years, 5% interest), and some in the form of grants.
Mekorot receives a subsidy from the Ministry of Finance to cover the difference between its supply costs and the tariffs it is allowed to charge to its customers. Between 1993 and 1999 government support to Mekorot declined from 40% to 23% of its turnover, to a large extent because of an increase in the efficiency of Mekorot. This has been induced by a change introduced in 1994, whereby Mekorot's tariffs were not set any more under a cost-plus formula, but a 2.5% annual factor for efficiency increases was built into the tariff formula.
Most large-scale seawater desalination plants are being privately financed as BOT projects. The Hadera plant, for example, is led, for the first time, by a consortium of foreign banks, and amounts to NIS 1.5 billion according to the following breakdown: 50% The European Investment Bank (EIB); 25% the French Calyon Corporate and Investment Bank, which specializes in long term projects; 25% Banco Espirito Santo (BES), a Portuguese investment bank.
Mekorot Finances.
Throughout its history, the Mekorot has been financially stable according to information published on its website. In 2006, Mekorot's turnover was over $700 million, shareholders’ equity was $500 million and total assets were in excess of $2.8 billion. In 2006, Mekorot invested over $240 million in developing water facilities, including a new central filtration plant, compared with $180 million in investments in 2005. For a number of years Mekorot's fundraising instruments (primarily, bond offerings) have been awarded the highest AAA rating by the credit rating agency based on the following factors: Because tariffs established by the government are low and do not cover Mekorot's operating costs, the company receives compensation for the difference between what it costs to produce a unit of water and what it is allowed to charge. The level of subsidies is fixed in multi-annual agreements, the first one having covered the period 1993-98, the second one 1998-2006 and the third one for a much shorter period, 2007-08.
Awards and recognition.
In 2012, the Dan Region Wastewater Treatment Plant was cited as a global model by the United Nations. The plant, known locally as Shafdan, was lauded for its unique method of using the natural filtration qualities of sand to improve the quality of sewage.

</doc>
<doc id="19339174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339174" title="Diane Rodriguez">
Diane Rodriguez

Diane Rodriguez is a prominent American theatre artist who directs, writes and performs. Schooled in activist art, she received her BA in Theatre Arts from the University of California at Santa Barbara. An OBIE Award winning actor, she is known for using comedy to confront various forms of oppression, often with special attention to issues of gender and sexuality. She is a producer and director at Center Theatre Group, Los Angeles and an Artistic Associate of Cornerstone Theater Company. An enduring influence in Chicano theatre, she was born in the 1950s to American parents from farm working families. She co-founded two theatre companies, El Teatro de la Esperanza (Theatre of Hope) and Latins Anonymous, and was a leading actress for the seminal Chicano theatre group, El Teatro Campesino (Theater of the Farmworkers).
She joined El Teatro Campesino during the mid-1970s. In political sketches for César Chávez and full length works, she honed her comedic skills performing on a variety of stages from flat bed trucks to ancient European Greco Roman amphi-theatres.
In 1988 she co-founded the comedy troupe Latins Anonymous as a response to the Hollywood stereotyping of Latino actors. 
Rodriguez then served as director of the Latino Theatre Initiative at the Mark Taper Forum from 1995-2000.
She began directing in 1991 and was awarded a National Endowment for the Arts/Theatre Communications Group Directing Award in 1998. She has directed and developed the work of Nilo Cruz, Lynn Nottage, John Leguizamo, Jose Cruz Gonzalez, John Belluso, Octavio Solis, Culture Clash, Oliver Mayer, Migdalia Cruz, Cherríe Moraga. She received Best Direction nominations for her work on Leguizamo's "Spic-O-Ra"ma and Culture Clash's "Border Town".
She won an OBIE Award (OFF-BROADWAY) Award in 2007 for playing multiple roles in Heather Woodbury's "Tale of Two Cities" (Best Ensemble).

</doc>
<doc id="19339175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339175" title="Denis Rancourt">
Denis Rancourt

Denis Rancourt is a former professor of physics at the University of Ottawa. Rancourt is a recognized scientist but is more widely known for his confrontations with his former employer, the University of Ottawa, over issues involving his dissidence and his approach to pedagogy. His conflicts with the university started in 2005 when, in what was termed "academic squatting," he changed a course to focus "not just how science impacts everyday life, but how it relates to greater power structures". In June 2008 a labor law arbitrator sided with Rancourt and ruled that "teaching science through social activism is protected by academic freedom." Rancourt was removed from all teaching duties in the fall of 2008 because the dean of the faculty of science did not agree with his granting A+ grades to 23 students in one course of the winter 2008 semester. In December, the Allan Rock administration of the University of Ottawa began dismissal proceedings against him and he was banned from campus. This generated a province-wide (Ontario) and national (Canada) public debate on grading in university courses. The university's Executive Committee of the Board of Governors voted unanimously to fire Rancourt on March 31, 2009. Rancourt has expressed the opinion that the grading issue was a pretext for his dismissal. National (Canada) media reports have echoed that Rancourt's dismissal was political. Rancourt has grieved the dismissal and the Canadian Association of University Teachers is running an [http://www.caut.ca/pages.asp?page=741&lang=1 Independent Committee of Inquiry into the matter. The dismissal case is presently in binding arbitration tribunal hearings where Rancourt's union has taken the position that the grading issue was a pretext to remove Rancourt and that the termination was done in bad faith.
Scientific research.
Rancourt has published over 100 articles in peer reviewed scientific journals. As a professor of physics, he was a member of the Ottawa-Carleton Institute for Physics and member of the Ottawa-Carleton Geoscience Centre His most cited works are in the area of Mössbauer spectroscopy where he developed a spectral lineshape analysis algorithm.
His laboratory has worked on the iron oxide hematite He worked on the physics of Invar for twenty years and in his last papers on the subject he claims to have solved the 100-year-old Invar problem of identifying the mechanistic origin of the alloy’s thermal expansion anomaly.
Rancourt first described the phenomenon of polarized superparamagnetic fluctuations Scientific author Steen Morup introduced the same name for a similar phenomenon. His work on small magnetic particles was reviewed in the monograph series Reviews in Mineralogy
Starting in 2001, Rancourt led a research group in lake sediment early diagenesis and co-authored works in biogeochemistry about nutrient and metal cycling in aqueous environments. This allowed him to review cycling and recent historical changes in boreal forest lake sediments; which led him to write his essay about global warming and to post his views in public fora (see "Climate change essay" section).
In recent years, he has worked on reactive environmental Fe-oxyhydroxide nanoparticles and on iron cycling (see iron cycle) in soils. In 2008, his laboratory found evidence that the structure of ferrihydrite, which was first published in Science, is incorrect.
Dissent – U of O Watch blog.
Rancourt started an institutional watchdog blog entitled “U of O Watch” while he was a professor at the University of Ottawa and used this venue and other web sites to report various alleged malfeasance of administrators and of his colleagues. Many of the posts and web articles relate to incidents involving Rancourt that were reported in the media; such as a lawsuit in which students sued the University for not providing enough teacher assistants, a unilateral deregistration of two ten-year-old students (twins) from Rancourt’s SCI 1101 course that led to an Ontario Human Rights Tribunal lawsuit, a defamation lawsuit threat against Rancourt from Vice-President-Resources Victor Simon for posts on the U of O Watch blog, and an alleged University covert surveillance campaign (“UofOgate”) and cover up (see Covert surveillance section). The University used “copyright infringement” against the blog for using University web site images and disciplined Rancourt with a suspension that was grieved by Rancourt.
In June 2011 University of Ottawa law professor Joanne St. Lewis sued Rancourt for $1 million over several U of O Watch blog posts about her. There was a racism allegation in the statement of claim related to use of the term "House Negro". The developments of the case were reported on the U of O Watch blog and in the media. The "Law Times" (Canada) did a feature about the case on August 29, 2011. In October 2011 the University disclosed that it was funding the St. Lewis litigation against Rancourt, to which St. Lewis' lawyer Richard G. Dearden responded to the media "it is a personal libel action and has nothing to do with it being a SLAPP suit at all". On entering mediation to settle the case Dearden further stated "It's one of the most egregious defamations of anybody that I've ever encountered in 32 years".
Teaching conflict with University.
Rancourt is a self described anarchist and advocate of a pedagogical approach at odds with that of his former employer. Opinion editorials have emphasized this aspect of the conflict.
Academic squatting of PHY 1703.
Rancourt describes his approach of "academic squatting" in which he took an existing course and changed the curriculum, using student input, without the approval of the university. In the fall of 2005 Rancourt squatted a first year course entitled Physics and Environment (PHY 1703). During the second class of PHY 1703, the Dean of Science, Christian Detellier, announced that it had been shut down. A single student had complained the course's content did not match the official description. Thirty students in the class who supported Rancourt's actions complained to the administration. The Dean backed down and allowed the course to continue for the rest of the semester. Rancourt subsequently filed a successful grievance against the university, although the university's actions were defended by members of the Faculty of Science.
Reprimand and Picher arbitration.
At the end of the term, on 19 December 2005, the university inserted a letter of reprimand in Rancourt’s file for having published information pertaining to PHY 1703 on his personal website that they wrote contained inaccuracies about the course’s language, level, format and content. Rancourt responded by filing a grievance through his union, the Association of Professors of the University of Ottawa, and the matter went to arbitration in November 2007.
SCI 1101.
The first and only session of SCI 1101 was held during the fall term of 2006. The first three-hour long class generated media coverage because of its controversial history and a guest lecture by Malalai Joya, an outspoken Afghan politician, then a member of her country’s Wolesi Jirga. In May 2007, Rancourt's course load for the fall of 2007 did not include SCI 1101. Rancourt responded on 18 May by filing a $10 million grievance against the university for not allowing him to teach the course, which he argued violated his academic freedom.
Lawsuits.
Two ten year old brothers were deregistered from SCI 1101 in January 2006. The University of Ottawa stated the students were deregistered because they did not meet the criteria for enrollment in the course, while the deregistered individuals' mother cited age discrimination. Rancourt publicly supported the mother's initiative to file a complaint with the Ontario Human Rights Commission, as minors must file a complaint to the tribunal through their parent or guardians.
On November 23, 2006, five students in SCI 1101 sued the University of Ottawa in small claims court, alleging that the workshop-based class needed more than the two teaching assistants (TAs) that had been assigned to the course. Rancourt publicly supported the lawsuit, saying a TA was needed for each workgroup, of which there were more than two.
Suspension, dismissal, and Foisy arbitration.
On November 22, 2008, Rancourt was blocked from entering his physics laboratory in the MacDonald Hall building. In the student newspaper "The Fulcrum", the University's Director of Communications, Andrée Dumulon, stated that “was prohibited because we found that there were some unauthorized individuals in the lab.” Rancourt complained that the administration did not justify or explain the action. Rancourt was then banned from accessing the laboratory.
On December 10, 2008, Rancourt was provided with two letters by administration officials. The first letter indicated that he was under administrative suspension and banned from campus, while the second indicated that the Dean of the Faculty of Science had recommended to the Board of Governors that Rancourt be fired. The stated reason for the University of Ottawa's actions was Rancourt's assigning of A+ grades to all students in his fourth-year physics courses in the Winter 2008 term. These courses include Quantum Mechanics (a required course) and Solid State Physics.
Rancourt states the administration's actions in general, and his dismissal in particular, are influenced in part by the Israel lobby and the military-industrial complex. He has stated that his dismissal may be related to his political views, specifically his position on the Israel-Palestine conflict, and wrote in his blog that university of Ottawa president (and former Minister of Justice) Allan Rock appears to be "a point-man of the Israel lobby at the University of Ottawa."
In June 2009 all charges against Rancourt in relation to his January 2009 campus arrest for trespassing were dropped. In July 2009 Rancourt received Employment Insurance (EI) payments after EI found that the university's position that he was dismissed with cause (thereby barring benefit payments) could not be upheld.
In December 2008, Rancourt's research associate of over 12 years Dr. Mei-Zhen Dang was locked out of the laboratory and fired without notice, explanation or compensation. In February 2009 she sued the university and in August 2009 she won a settlement. Two graduate students of Rancourt were also claimants on the lawsuit and alleged that they had been punished for being in Rancourt's research group. The graduate students stated they were intimidated with threats to their scholarships into dropping the lawsuit and their lawyer stated that a salient feature of the case is that "it has a very political nature."
In 2011, the dismissal case went to binding labor arbitration with Arbitrator Claude Foisy presiding. There were almost 30 days of hearings, with the last hearing day being June 26, 2013. The arbitration judgement is expected within a few months of the end of the hearings. During the hearings the University accused Rancourt of "inciting students to violence", and put a YouTube music video about anarchism into evidence. Following the conclusion of the arbitration hearings, "The Chronicle of Higher Education" characterized the case as "raising questions about academic freedom and its limits".
Covert surveillance.
In January 2010 Rancourt released a public report about the University of Ottawa having practiced extensive covert surveillance of him and of several students in the period 2006-2008, based on information obtained via an access to information law appeal. The use of covert surveillance appears to be in contrast to the University position that "all procedures required by the collective agreement with the Association des Professeurs de l'Université d'Ottawa (APUO) in this matter had been properly followed." On February 4, 2010, student Wayne Sawtell openly called on President Allan Rock to intervene and suggested that the administration's silence amounted to a cover up. Following a February 27, 2010, investigative report by Canadians for Accountability, some further aspects of the covert surveillance campaign and its cover up were reported in the media on April 11, 2010, including the role of the student newspaper "The Fulcrum". On January 27, 2010, the union representing student employees at the University of Ottawa, the Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE, "Local 2626"), filed a labour law grievance against the university for surveillance against several of its members. In October 2010 the union reported to its members that it had settled with the university. The settlement ensured that information gathered on students would not be allowed in the student employee files. At least one original student griever was displeased and went to the media.
CAUT review.
In November 2008, the Canadian Association of University Teachers announced that it would establish an Independent Committee of Inquiry (ICOI) with terms of reference to: 1) “examine the series of ongoing disputes between Rancourt and the University of Ottawa”; 2) “to determine whether there were breaches or threats to academic freedom and other faculty rights”; and 3) “to make any appropriate recommendations.” The Committee consists of three professors from York University, Wilfrid Laurier University, and Rider University. The Committee does not have a fixed time line to work with, but previous ICOI's have generally taken two years to complete their investigation and publish a final report.
Access to Information.
On September 29, 2010, the Information and Privacy Commissioner (Ontario) released ruling PO-2915 in an access to information (ATI) case involving Rancourt and the University of Ottawa. It was shown that a letter dated September 6, 2007, sent to Rancourt by Rancourt's dean questioning Rancourt's "physical and mental well-being" was based entirely on emails exchanged with university high officials and the university Legal Counsel; suggesting "a broad plan to fire" Rancourt, as widely reported in the media.
Other campus activities.
Rancourt has pursued other activities on campus, including a film series and the "Five O'Clock Train" radio program on CHUO-FM. Rancourt was the videographer for ACTivist Magazine's "No Code" short film documenting the riotous opposition to the "Code" on campus.
Rancourt hosted a film series, Cinema Politica, since 2005 until the university stopped providing space for the event in 2008. Rancourt continues to host the Cinema Politica event, renamed Cinema Academica, with the aid of another professor who books the room for him. While holding this event on January 23, 2009, Rancourt was arrested and issued a trespassing ticket for being on school grounds.
Climate change views.
In February, 2007, Rancourt published a controversial essay disputing prevailing theories of climate change on his blog. Alexander Cockburn writing in The Nation called it "one of the best essays on greenhouse myth-making from a left perspective". On 26 October 2007, American Senator James Inhofe (R-OK) referred to the blog by Rancourt during a floor speech aimed at disputing evidence advanced by climate scientists. He noted that "Rancourt – a committed left-wing activist and scientist – believes environmentalists have been duped into promoting global warming as a crisis," and quoted several points from the blog. On November 2, 2012, Rancourt participated in a "Russia Today" TV debate on global warming.
Book about racism.
Rancourt is the author of the book "Hierarchy and Free Expression in the Fight Against Racism". In the book, Rancourt states that he grew up as a French Canadian, and attended Catholic French schools in North Bay, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19339179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339179" title="Land mine contamination in Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Land mine contamination in Bosnia and Herzegovina

Land mine contamination in Bosnia and Herzegovina is a serious after effect of the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina which raged from 1992 until 1995. All combatants laid land mines during the war and as a result Bosnia and Herzegovina has one of the most severe land mine problems in the world.
Land mine situation.
Bosnia and Herzegovina's contamination with land mines stems exclusively from the 1992–95 war in the country. By 1996, some two million land mines and unexploded munitions littered Bosnia. By the end of 2008 some 220,000 land mines and unexploded munitions remained scattered in 13,077 locations. A total of 1,755 km² (3,4% of the country's territory) is mined. 
Land mine clearing is done by various government agencies and NGO's as well as some NATO military units. Bosnia and Herzegovina's strategic vision is to clear all land mines by the year 2019.
Land mine casualties.
From 1992 through 2008 5,005 people were killed or injured by land mines or unexploded munitions. War time casualties stood at 3,339 killed and injured. Peacetime casualties, from 1996 through 2008 number 1,666 of which 486 persons were fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="19339180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339180" title="The Leventhorpe School">
The Leventhorpe School

Leventhorpe Academy is a mixed, 11-19 secondary school and sixth form in the historic market town of Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire. The school has had a specialism in Business and Enterprise since 2004 and, as a high performing school, became an academy in 2011. It belongs to the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Consortium of Secondary Schools, a group of six local secondary schools.
The intake at age 11 is drawn mainly from the pleasant and prosperous towns of Sawbridgeworth and Bishop's Stortford and from the surrounding villages. Demand for places in the school is high with over three applications for each place and some students travel significant distances to attend. At the last full OFSTED inspection in 2012 the school was graded “Outstanding” in each of the five categories judged by Ofsted under the 2012 inspection framework: Achievement of Pupils, Quality of Teaching, Behaviour and Safety of Pupils, Leadership and Management and Overall Effectiveness.
A brand new leisure centre with state of the art facilities includes a multi-purpose sports hall, dance studio classrooms and an all-weather astroturf pitch was opened in 2011, enhancing the students' opportunities in sport and PE. Leventhorpe Leisure Centre is open to the public after school hours and offers a wide range of classes to the local community as well as a fully equipped fitness suite. There is also a swimming pool on site together with extensive playing fields.
The specialism in Business and Enterprise involves all faculties but especially Business, Mathematics, and ICT. As a result a number of enhancements to accommodation, resources and the curriculum have taken place. All students in Years 7 – 11 follow a Business & Communication Studies course. This leads to GCSE in Year 9 or 10, followed by AS or GCSE in ICT or Business during key stage 4, or DIDA. The School also has a rapidly expanding community development plan.
There are overlaps between specialist school activities and other strategic priorities for example ‘Teaching and Learning’ and ‘Personalisation’, so in reality a number of developments are driven by various members of the SLT.
Leventhorpe engages in teacher training and is a partner school with Cambridge University for PGCE and with The University of Hertfordshire for the Graduate Teacher Programme. Staff are encouraged to gain further qualifications.
Subject departments are organised on a Faculty basis. The responsibility for the preparation of schemes of work and for monitoring their delivery lies with the Head of Faculty. Each student undergoes a termly assessment in each subject. The responsibility for implementing the assessment policy lies with the Head of Faculty.
The School upholds the traditional values of uniform, discipline, homework, punctuality and polite behaviour. Each of Years 7 – 11 is organised into six mixed ability tutor groups and each tutor group is assigned to one of six Houses: Rivers, Cutforth, Newsom, Fawbert, Lawrence and Barnard. House Heads oversee the academic and social development of students in their House as they progress through the School. Years 12 and 13, although assigned to a House, are overseen by the Head of Sixth Form. Form tutors monitor their form’s progress and liaise closely with pastoral heads in deciding appropriate action.
As an academy, the Governors are the employers but the School liaises closely with the Local Authority – Hertfordshire County Council. Employment of staff is governed by national, county and some local agreements. The School employs approximately 170 staff (part-time and full-time) about half of whom are teachers.
At the School there is a PTFA to which all parents automatically belong. The membership of the committee changes from year to year. Their support encompasses much more than fund raising. More information can found on the PTFA website.
The school takes it name from Sir John Leventhorpe, Lord of the medieval manor of Shingle Hall, one of two manors in Sawbridgeworth. The school logo is a replica of the brasses of John Leventhorpe and his wife and date from 1445. The original brasses form a permanent memorial in Great St Mary’s Church in Sawbridgeworth.Extra-Curricular Clubs and Activities
Leventhorpe holds the Qiss Award which recognises the wide choice of extra-curricular clubs and activities available to all students. A comprehensive timetable of clubs offers something for everyone, from Astronomy and Science to Japanese and an active Glee club. Emphasis is placed on supporting students not just in lessons but also outside the curriculum by giving them the opportunity to explore their interests and to learn something completely new.
Sports.
Many sports are participated in at Leventhorpe, with the school not excelling in Athletics, Rugby and Cricket. The Year of 2009 Cricket team having notable losing streak in the Hertfordshire County Cup against Richard Hale School, winning 13 matches with no losses.
Wind turbines.
Leventhorpe was the first school in Hertfordshire to have planning permission granted for two 6 kW wind turbines. The school has installed a monitoring system, the data from which is used in various subject areas. This system shows how much energy is being generated at any particular moment and how much has been generated to date. Additionally, there is information on the amount of carbon dioxide that has been saved.

</doc>
<doc id="19339193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339193" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters

This is the list of characters in the 2004–2008 anime series "Yu-Gi-Oh! GX". Where appropriate, English names are on the left while the original Japanese names are on the right.
Antagonist groups.
Shadow Riders.
The Shadow Riders, known as the in the original Japanese language version, are composed of seven duelists and their leader of varying origins and backgrounds who each have their own agendas. The Shadow Riders serve as the main antagonists of the series' first season, intent on resurrecting the Sacred Beasts.
Society of Light.
The is a cult led by the alien-influenced Sartorius, the Society of Light's legion of followers dedicate themselves to worshipping the Light of Destruction, and serve as the main antagonists of the series' second season, intent on cleansing the Earth of its deficiencies.
Minor Characters.
The following is a list of minor characters in the "Yu-Gi-Oh! GX" anime and manga series.
Character appearances are documented on the basis of relevance to plot, therefore flashbacks and other momentary glimpses of characters outside their introductory episodes are not included.
All seasons.
Duel Monsters.
Several Duel Monster spirits not directly linked to the main cast appear throughout the series.
Season 2.
GX Pro League duelists.
Several Pro League duelists are invited by Chancellor Sheppard to participate in the GX tournament.
Season 4.
Senrigan Group.
The Senrigan Group is a powerful corporation that sponsors Aster Phoenix. The Group manufactured the ultimate D card "Destiny End Dragoon" for Aster, and when it was thought stolen his career was threatened. However, when the Group later recovers the card, they agree to continue funding Aster.

</doc>
<doc id="19339224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339224" title="See What Tomorrow Brings">
See What Tomorrow Brings

See What Tomorrow Brings is the fifth studio album by the American folk music trio Peter, Paul & Mary, released in 1965 (see 1965 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19339226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339226" title="Barry Mitcalfe">
Barry Mitcalfe

Barry Mitcalfe (1930–86) was a New Zealand poet, editor, and peace activist. Born 31 March 1930 in Wellington, New Zealand, Mitcalfe studied at Victoria University of Wellington, where he received a Diploma in Education in 1962, and a Bachelor of Arts (with honors) in 1963. In the 1960s and early 1970s he was a leader of the New Zealand movement against the Vietnam War, and co-edited several booklets on the issue. After the war ended he became a leader of the New Zealand anti-nuclear movement. In 1981 he was a writer-in-residence at the South Australia College of Advanced Education, and in 1982 held an Ursula Bethell Residency in Creative Writing at the University of Canterbury.

</doc>
<doc id="19339249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339249" title="Swim briefs">
Swim briefs

 
A swim brief or racing brief, refers to any briefs style male swimsuit such as those worn in competitive swimming and diving. The popularity of the Australian "Speedo" brand racing brief has led to the use of its name in some countries (e.g. the United States) to refer to any racing brief, regardless of the maker. Occasionally, the Speedo genericized trademark also applies to square cut swimsuit, but in general the generic term is used in reference to swim briefs. Swim briefs are also referred to as competition briefs, swimming trunks, bathers, racer bathers, posing briefs, racing briefs, and colloquially in Australia as "budgie smugglers".
Like underwear briefs, swim briefs feature a V-shape front and a solid back providing form-fitting coverage. They typically are worn below the lower waist. They are generally secured by thin banding at the upper thighs and either a drawstring around the waist or an elastic waistband. Swim briefs are most often made of a nylon and spandex (Lycra) composite, while some longer lasting suits are made from polyester and still others from other materials. Most swim briefs have a beige or white front lining made of a similar fabric.
Use and popularity.
Swim briefs are worn by professional and recreational athletes in many water sports. They are the standard for competitive diving and water polo. They are preferred in competitive swimming for the reduction of the water's drag on the swimmer, although jammers and bodyskins are sometimes worn instead of the swim brief. Participants in sports that require a wetsuit such as waterskiing, scuba diving, surfing, and wakeboarding often wear swim briefs as an undergarment to the wetsuit.
While swim briefs are used worldwide by athletes for water sports, the popularity of swim briefs as casual beachwear and swim wear varies throughout the world. In many parts of the world, swim briefs are common among male casual swimmers and beach goers. In the United States and, increasingly, the United Kingdom, the roomier and less revealing trunks or board shorts are the suits preferred for recreation, although swim briefs are always seen to some extent. Reasons swim briefs are chosen for recreation include style, ease of movement in the water, sunshine exposure, quick drying time, and the ability to be worn under pants or shorts.
Swim briefs are sometimes worn under board shorts for modesty purposes, and they are often used as an athletic supporter under shorts during sporting activities.
Styles.
Briefs worn for competitive and recreational swimming are manufactured in standard sizes and in waist measurements. They are available in a wide variety of solid colors and patterned designs.
Racing suits.
The most common racing suit styles are 1.5 inch to 3 inch paneled briefs (as measured by the height and length of the suit's side panel). The racing suit's main function is to reduce the drag of an athlete in water, thus improving his time. For this reason racing suits are made of materials that hug the body, minimize friction and minimize water retention. Spandex (Lycra) suits generally produce less drag, but are also more vulnerable to prolonged exposure to chlorine than nylon. Therefore, nylon suits are preferred for training and practice, where the increased durability is required for the long periods of usage and the extra resistance brings a training benefit. Lycra suits (and composite hi-tech swimwear fabrics) are preferred for actual racing. In water polo and sometimes in diving, suits may have panels greater than 3 inches.
Water polo players generally wear racing suits. This is to minimize the fabric available to grabbing and pulling by opponents - actions that are illegal yet often happen underwater - while not compromising the strength of the fabric. High-level players wear specialized suits, usually of a very tight fit and made of thicker, tougher and more slippery fabric, intended to thwart pulling and grabbing during rough play; they often wear two suits on top of each other.
Triathlon swimming briefs.
A special variety of briefs and trunks made for the triathlon features the racing suit's design for the swimming portion of the race but also incorporates light padding in the crotch of the garment for the bicycle portion of the race. This is a lighter version of the chamois leather in cycling shorts, to allow running in to be performed more efficiently and the shorts to dry faster after the swim.
Manufacturers.
In addition to the style's namesake company Speedo, competitive briefs-style swimwear are produced by companies including Nike, Tyr, Dolfin, Arena, Kiefer, Adidas and aussieBum. Many of these companies have expanded their merchandise to reflect recent trends in water sports. These include the growing popularity of the jammer style and the development of full body suits for competitive swimming. 
On the fashion end, several designer companies including Nautica have begun lines of brief style suits in the United States. Most designer brands of male swimwear in Europe, Asia and Australia produce lines of brief style suits.
External links.
http://www.nu-parr.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19339254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339254" title="General Campaign Star (Canada)">
General Campaign Star (Canada)

The General Campaign Star () is a campaign medal created in 2004 by the Canadian monarch-in-Council to recognize members of the Canadian Forces who had directly participated in any military campaign under Canadian or allied command. It is, within the Canadian system of honours, the sixth highest of the war and operational service medals.
Design.
The General Campaign Star is in the form of a wide compass star Celeste with, on the obverse, a wreath of maple leaves surrounding a superimposed composition of two crossed swords (representing the Army), an anchor (symbolizing the Navy), and a soaring eagle (representing the Air Force), all surmounted by a St. Edward's Crown, evoking the sovereign's roles as both fount of honour and Commander-in-Chief of the Canadian Forces. On the reverse is a space for engraving the recipient's name and rank between the reigning monarch's Royal Cypher topped by another crown above and a sprig of three maple leaves below.
This medallion is worn at the left chest, suspended on a 31.8mm wide ribbon coloured with vertical stripes in Canada's official colours of red and white flanking a central band in green, representing service. The accompanying medal bars are rectangular in shape with raised edges and bear the name of the campaign for which they are being presented; the first is worn centred on the ribbon, while additional bars are evenly spaced and arranged in the chronological order earned, with the eldest at the bottom, closest to the medal. For wear on undress, a silver, gold, or red maple leaf is pinned to the ribbon bar, denoting, respectively, the award of a second, third, or fourth or subsequent bar.
Eligibility.
On 7 July 2004, Queen Elizabeth II, on the advice of her Cabinet under Prime Minister Paul Martin, created the General Campaign Star to recognize, without having to produce a new medal for each mission, members of the Canadian Forces or allied forces who had participated in Canadian military campaigns. To qualify for the medal, individuals had to have served in a theatre of war the presence of an armed enemy.
Bars.
The Allied Force bar was presented to pilots and crew of what was then called the Canadian Forces Air Command (now the Royal Canadian Air Force) who flew a minimum of five sorties over Kosovo and other territories, including Albania and the Socialist Republic of Macedonia, as well as the Adriatic and Ionian Seas, during Operation Allied Force, between 24 March and 10 June 1999. For some recipients, it might have been necessary for them to return their NATO Medal before accepting the Allied Force bar.
Those in the Canadian Forces and allied militia who served for at least 30 days after 24 April 2003 in the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) effort in Afghanistan were eligible to receive the ISAF bar. This was presented in addition to the more generally applicable South-West Asia Service Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19339264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339264" title="David Miliband">
David Miliband

David Wright Miliband (born 15 July 1965) is a former British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for South Shields from 2001 to 2013, and was the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs from 2007 to 2010. He is the elder son of the late Marxist theorist Ralph Miliband. He and his brother, the current Leader of the Labour Party Ed Miliband, were the first siblings to sit in the Cabinet simultaneously since Edward, Lord Stanley, and Oliver Stanley in 1938.
Born in London, Miliband studied at Oxford University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he started his career at the Institute for Public Policy Research. Aged 29 he became Tony Blair's Head of Policy whilst the Labour Party was in opposition, and he was a major contributor to Labour's manifesto for the 1997 election which brought the party to power in a landslide victory. Blair subsequently made him head of the Prime Minister's Policy Unit from 1997 to 2001, at which point Miliband was elected to Parliament for the seat of South Shields.
Miliband spent the next few years in various junior ministerial posts, including at the Department for Education and Skills, before joining the Cabinet in 2006 as Environment Secretary. His tenure in this post saw climate change consolidated as a priority for policymakers. On the succession of Gordon Brown as Prime Minister in 2007, Miliband was promoted to become Foreign Secretary. At the age of 41, he became the youngest person to hold that office since David Owen 30 years earlier. In September 2010, Miliband narrowly lost the Labour leadership election to his brother Ed. On 29 September 2010, he announced that to avoid "constant comparison" with his brother Ed, and because of the "perpetual, distracting and destructive attempts to find division where there is none, and splits where they don't exist, all to the detriment of the party's cause", he would not stand for the Shadow Cabinet.
On 15 April 2013, Miliband resigned from Parliament in order to take up the posts of President and CEO of the International Rescue Committee in New York City, which triggered a by-election.
Early life.
Born in London, Miliband is the elder son of Jewish immigrants, Belgian-born Marxist sociologist Ralph Miliband and Marion Kozak from Poland. He was given the middle name of "Wright" after the American sociologist C. Wright Mills, a friend of his father, Ralph. He has said "I am the child of Jewish immigrants and that is a very important part of my identity." Both his Polish Jewish paternal grandparents lived in the Jewish quarter of Warsaw. His paternal grandfather, Samuel, a trained leather worker, fought for the Red Army in the Polish–Soviet War of 1919–1921 before moving to Belgium. His paternal grandmother, Renia (later known as Renée), also moved to Belgium, where she first met Sam, and the couple married in 1923. The German invasion of Belgium in May 1940 split the Miliband family in half: Ralph and father Samuel fled to England, while Ralph's mother Renée and baby sister Nan stayed behind for the duration of the war. They were not reunited until 1950. During his visit to Poland in June 2009, Miliband went to his family tomb in the Jewish Cemetery in Warsaw. He said of Poland, "My mother was born here, her life was saved by those who risked theirs sheltering her from Nazi oppression", and that he is "one of the million Britons who have Polish blood".
Education.
David Miliband was educated at Primrose Hill Primary School, Camden, Newlaithes Primary School, Leeds, and then from 1978 to 1983 Haverstock Comprehensive School in North London. He obtained four A-levels, and won admission to the University of Oxford with the assistance of an Inner London Education Authority scheme intended to enable comprehensive school pupils to attend the university. Miliband studied at Corpus Christi College, Oxford and obtained a first class honours degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics. From 1988 to 1989 he took a master's degree in Political Science at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a Kennedy Scholar.
Political biography.
Miliband's first job was as a political analyst at the National Council for Voluntary Organisations (NCVO). From 1989 to 1994, he worked as a Research Fellow and policy analyst at the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR). He was appointed Secretary of the IPPR's Commission on Social Justice upon its foundation in 1992 by the then leader of the Labour Party, John Smith.
Policy adviser to Tony Blair.
In 1994 Miliband became Tony Blair's Head of Policy and was a major contributor to Labour's manifesto for the 1997 general election. After Labour's victory in that election, Blair made him the de facto Head of the Prime Minister's Policy Unit, a position which he held until the 2001 election. He was given the nickname "Brains" by Alastair Campbell, after the "Thunderbirds" character.
Member of Parliament.
In the 2001 general election he was elected to Parliament for the Labour stronghold of South Shields, succeeding David Clark. After a year as a backbench MP he was appointed Schools Minister, a junior minister in the Department for Education and Skills in June 2002.
In 2003, Miliband voted to go to war in Iraq. Later, in 2010, he said that his decision was based on his belief that Iraq then had weapons of mass destruction.
On 15 December 2004, in the reshuffle following the resignation of David Blunkett, he replaced Ruth Kelly as a Cabinet Office Minister.
Following Labour's third consecutive election victory in May 2005, he was promoted to the Cabinet as Minister of State for Communities and Local Government within the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister. This was a newly created cabinet-level post with responsibility for housing, planning, regeneration and local government. Because the Deputy Prime Minister, John Prescott, was the Departmental Minister officially in charge of these portfolios, Miliband was not given the title Secretary of State but he was appointed a Privy Councillor and became a full member of the Cabinet.
Environment Secretary.
On 5 May 2006 following the local elections Tony Blair made a major cabinet reshuffle in which Miliband replaced Margaret Beckett as Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. Miliband has said he believes agriculture is important for the UK’s cultural heritage, economy and society and also for the environment. He has said disease control should be balanced with animal welfare. He attaches importance to reaching a "fair balance" among consumers, farmers, manufacturers and retailers. Miliband also believes the European Union and the World Trade Organisation affect power relations between British and foreign farmers.
He was the first British cabinet member to have a blog, though claims of excessive cost to the taxpayer provoked some controversy. In January 2007 Miliband sparked minor controversy by saying there was no evidence organic food was better than conventionally grown produce, though he later clarified that he was referring specifically to health benefits.
Miliband is an advocate for international awareness of climate change and believes the cooperation of all nations is needed for environmental reform. Miliband's focuses include food retail waste management and greenhouse gas emissions in agricultural industries. He believes that the EU should go further in two areas: a low carbon global economy and global action on climate change. He also wants Europe to increase its economic competitiveness. By switching over to a low carbon economy, he plans to tackle climate change. He hopes to ensure a stable price on energy by securing an energy source and announced the Government's plans to legislate for carbon reductions at the United Nations General Assembly.
In August 2006, in an effort to put environmental reform into action, Miliband developed a place for a collaborative "environmental contract" to be developed on a Defra Wiki site. It was subsequently linked to by blogger Paul Staines, and mocked, after which further edits by guest users were temporarily prevented. Miliband's emphasis on the necessity of an entirely cooperative effort to effectively instigate a low carbon lifestyle worldwide has led him to advocate an open dialogue among citizens about environmental issues through web-based blogging. Whilst Environment Secretary, Miliband called for all 27 nations of the European Union to unify in backing proposals to cut harmful emissions by 30% by 2020.
Miliband has floated the idea of every citizen being issued with a "Carbon Credit Card" to improve personal carbon thrift. Miliband claims individuals have to be empowered to tackle global warming — "the mass mobilising movement of our age".
Foreign Secretary.
On 28 June 2007, the day after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister, Miliband was appointed Foreign Secretary. He was Britain's third youngest Foreign Secretary and the youngest person to be appointed to the post since David Owen (in office 21 February 1977 – 4 May 1979). Anthony Eden had assumed office at the age of 37 in 1935. David's younger brother, the economist Ed Miliband, was the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change, making them the first siblings to serve together in Cabinet since Edward, Lord Stanley and his brother Oliver in 1938.
Miliband's first Foreign Office questions session as Foreign Secretary in the House of Commons was on 3 July 2007.
On the morning of 13 December 2007, Miliband stood in for Prime Minister, Gordon Brown at the official signing ceremony in Lisbon of the EU Reform Treaty, which was attended by all other European heads of government. Brown was otherwise engaged at the House of Commons, appearing before the Liaison Committee, and travelled to Portugal to sign the treaty in the afternoon.
On 21 February 2008, Miliband admitted (despite previous government denials) that two U.S. extraordinary rendition flights had stopped on Diego Garcia, a U.K. territory, in 2002. When questioned as to whether the government had deliberately misled the public over rendition, Miliband apologised and stated that the government had "made a mistake".
On 5 February 2009, Miliband made a statement to the House of Commons concerning Guantanamo Bay detainee and former British resident Benyam Mohammed. A week later Mohamed’s American lawyer Yvonne Bradley flew to Britain to urge the Foreign Office to press harder for his release. On 23 February 2009, Benyam Mohammed returned to Britain and was granted temporary residence. However, in July 2010, Clive Stafford Smith accused former Foreign Secretary David Miliband of "fighting tooth and nail" to prevent the release of vital documents during the Binyam Mohamed case.
India trip.
After his trip to India in 2008 following the Mumbai attacks, Miliband wrote in an article that "resolution of the dispute over Kashmir would help deny extremists in the region one of their main calls to arms, and allow Pakistani authorities to focus more effectively on tackling the threat on their western borders". This sparked an angry response from the Indian government, whose long standing policy had been not to accept any third party involvement in the dispute of Kashmir. An Indian analyst suggested that his tone implied that India must shoulder some of the responsibility because of its policies in Kashmir. Some reports also said that Miliband's tone towards the Indian Prime Minister and the Finance Minister had been aggressive, and that he had been excused for being a "young man".
Sri Lanka ceasefire.
During the latter stages of the Sri Lankan Army's 2008/09 offensive against the LTTE, Miliband travelled to Sri Lanka to press the government to call a ceasefire with the Tamil Tigers, citing concerns for civilians caught in the crossfire. Miliband's visit was met with protests by Sri Lankan nationalists, who accused Miliband of attempting to save the lives of Tamil Tiger militants. During the victory celebrations that took place a few weeks later, a burning effigy of Miliband was reported to have been tossed over the gate of the British High Commission in Colombo.
In December 2010 articles published in the British newspapers "The Guardian" and "The Daily Telegraph" highlighted that Miliband was spending two-thirds of his time focusing on the Sri Lankan civil war, largely due to domestic political calculations. The source of the articles was a leaked US diplomatic cable published by Wiki Leaks. The articles quoted Tim Waite, a Foreign Office official as saying that much of Majesty's government and ministerial attention to Sri Lanka is due to the "very vocal" Tamil diaspora in the UK, numbering over 300,000, who had been protesting in front of Parliament since 6 April. According to Wikileaks, this was reported by Richard Mills a United States Embassy worker in UK.
Richard Mills further wrote on his cable, saying that "with UK elections on the horizon and many Tamils living in Labour constituencies with slim majorities, the government is paying particular attention to Sri Lanka, with Miliband recently remarking to Waite that he was spending 60 per cent of his time at the moment on Sri Lanka".
Comments over terrorism.
In August 2009, Miliband was a guest on BBC Radio 4's "Great Lives" programme, choosing South African Communist Party leader and anti-apartheid activist Joe Slovo. Miliband stated during the programme, in a response to a question about terrorism, that "yes, there are circumstances in which it is justifiable and yes, there are circumstances in which it is effective, but it is never effective on its own". These comments were criticised by Menzies Campbell and William Hague.
European Foreign Minister.
The Treaty of Lisbon creates the post of High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy for the European Union, a post commonly known as the European Foreign Minister. In autumn 2009, as the treaty came close to coming into force, Miliband was named as being under consideration for the post as EU officials regarded him as "ideal material". Miliband publicly insisted that he was not available to fill the post, as he was committed to remaining in the British cabinet. Baroness Ashton, a fellow British Labour politician and then European Commissioner for Trade, was ultimately appointed to the post instead.
Relations with Israel.
On 23 March 2010, the UK expelled an Israeli diplomat owing to claims that an embassy official from that country forged passports, relating to the Assassination of Mahmoud Al-Mabhouh, and Miliband gave a public warning against travel to Israel because of identity theft concerns.
2010 Labour Party leadership election.
Background.
On 29 July 2008, Miliband wrote an article in "The Guardian" that outlined his vision of a future of the Labour Party but made no mention of Gordon Brown. The piece was widely interpreted as a leadership challenge to the then Prime Minister, not least because the timing of its publication – just after Brown's departure on holiday at the start of the parliamentary summer recess, and while there was intense speculation about his continuing leadership following Labour's defeat in the Glasgow East by-election the previous week – seemed designed to produce a large political impact. In the following days two Labour MPs called on Brown to sack Miliband for his perceived disloyalty. Miliband, while denying claims by his detractors that he was seeking to provoke an early leadership election, did not rule himself out of eventually running for the leadership of the party. Many grassroots supporters believed a David Miliband-led Labour Party would tackle the Conservatives more effectively, reaching out to voters in marginal seats as well as securing Labour's core support.
Campaign.
The Labour Party lost the UK general election held on 6 May 2010, and Gordon Brown soon announced that he was standing down as leader of the party.
On 12 May, flanked by 15 supportive members of the parliamentary party, Miliband announced from outside the House of Commons that he would stand in the resulting leadership election. On 10 June 2010, Barry Sheerman, Huddersfield MP, nominated Miliband for the Labour Party leadership post with Mr. Sheerman's daughter, Madlin Sadler, as Miliband's Campaign Co-ordinator. Madlin Sadler had served under Miliband previously as Special Advisor.
The other contenders for the leadership were Ed Balls, Andy Burnham, Diane Abbott and David’s brother Ed Miliband, with David Miliband gaining the most nominations. The result of the contest was announced on 25 September 2010, the day before the start of the 2010 Labour Party Conference in Manchester. While David Miliband led the share of the electoral college votes in the first three rounds, he lost in the final round (50.65% to 49.35%) to his brother Ed. He announced on 29 September 2010 that he would be quitting frontline politics and would not be a part of his brother Ed's shadow cabinet.
Retirement from politics.
Miliband resigned from the shadow cabinet in October 2010, but continued to serve as the MP for South Shields. He also taught A-Level Government and Politics on a voluntary basis at Haverstock School. In 2011, he became Senior Global Advisor for Oxford Analytica.
The International Rescue Committee (The IRC).
On 26 March 2013 the "Daily Mirror" reported that Miliband would be announcing the following day that he intended to resign as an MP and leave politics altogether. He announced he was taking up a charity post as head of the International Rescue Committee in New York where his remuneration is £300,000 ($450,000).
Miliband became the President and CEO of the International Rescue Committee on 1 September 2013. At the IRC, Miliband will be overseeing humanitarian aid and development programs in 40 countries, a global staff of 12,000 and 1,300 volunteers, and an annual budget of $450 million. Near the top of the IRC, Miliband again installed his former Special Political Advisor from London, Madlin Sadler. She became the aid agency's Chief of Staff.
Syria's Civil War.
The IRC has been responding to Syria's refugee crisis. On The ABC News Program of 13 October 2013, "This Week" with George Stephanopoulos, David Miliband commented that he worried about the immediate effects of the current diplomatic solution in Syria of sending in Chemical Weapons Inspectors and destroying the chemical stockpiles would have on the ongoing crisis. He said: "We’re concerned that people think that somehow, because the chemical weapons seem to be addressed, that the Syrian conflict, the regional conflict, is done and dusted.” On 10 October 2013, David Miliband said there were huge risks in not intervening militarily. "We've got people on the ground, not just in Syria but in Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq,” he told a foreign policy discussion in Manhattan. “I’ve got people who are in danger.” He quoted Frederick The Great, saying: “Diplomacy without weapons is like music without instruments”. His policy opinions were at odds with his younger brother, Ed Miliband, the Labour Party's Leader in the UK who insisted that the Labour Party will not back military intervention.
On February 28 2014, in a TV interview with KPBS Evening Edition in San Diego, Miliband reiterated that the US and other nations needed to intervene "both politically as well as financially" in Syria where one in two Syrians was displaced because the government of Bashar al-Assad was "dropping barrel bombs on its own citizens". 
On KPBS TV, Miliband revealed that the IRC was running cross border aid to Syrians beyond the scope of the United Nations. Miliband said such "cross border aid" has reached about a half million Syrians with medical aid in cities that were "besieged and cut off from the UN help". Another half million Syrians, said Miliband, had received non-medical aid. Mr Miliband stated that in the UN's absence, "It comes to International NGO's, non governmental organizations, to get across the border crossings and weave their way between the conflict lines to reach people." He stated the need for such extraordinary efforts was great and the need for such ingenuity was even greater. 
Typhoon Haiyan.
On 10 November 2013, IRC CEO David Miliband ordered the war relief agency to mount an emergency response to a natural disaster—Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines. Miliband announced a huge donation drive for funds dedicated exclusively to the storm: "In the face of a rising death toll and widespread humanitarian catastrophe the International Rescue Committee (IRC) has dispatched an emergency team to Manila and launched a $10,000,000 appeal in order to implement the most appropriate response. We have today taken the decision to deploy emergency relief coordinators to the Philippines, with a view to deciding with the host government which of IRC's areas of expertise — from water and sanitation to education — are most needed. The IRC’s emergency unit will start work immediately."
Miliband is Co-chair of the Global Ocean Commission which was founded in February 2013.
Other income.
According to a March 2013 article in the Huffington Post UK, Miliband has earned almost £1m since the 2010 election. The article listed sources of income from speaking (where he has earned up to £20,000 per event), advisory and teaching roles, journalism, gifts, hospitality, and overseas visits.
Expense claims.
The "Daily Telegraph"'s investigation of expenses claims by Members of Parliament reported that Miliband had claimed for gardening expenses and approximately £30,000 in repairs, decorations, and furnishings for his constituency home in South Shields. A spokesperson said: "At every stage, David Miliband followed the procedures and rules as laid out by the parliamentary authorities".
Personal life.
Miliband is married to Louise Shackelton, a professional violinist currently with the London Symphony Orchestra. Shackelton and Miliband have adopted two newborn sons from the United States, the first in December 2004 and the second in October 2007.
In an interview with CNN in 2009, Miliband stated that he grew up in a secular setting, and describes himself as an atheist with a "huge respect" for people of faith.
Business interests.
On 21 December 2010, The Office of David Miliband Limited was formed with Miliband and his wife Louise as directors.
According to the "Financial Times", "much of Mr Miliband’s time has been spent on his lucrative directorships and speaking roles, which he would be expected to give up if he returned to frontline politics…as of January 2013, David Miliband has made just short of £1m on top of his MP’s salary since he failed to win the Labour leadership in the summer of 2010."
David Miliband is one of six members of the Global Advisory Board of Macro Advisory Partners which advises multinational corporations, sovereign wealth funds, investors, and governments.
In January 2012, David Miliband joined the Board of Directors of Mauritius based private equity group, Indus Basin Holdings. IBH operates Rice Partners in the Punjab region of Pakistan. It specialises in managing the end-to-end supply chain for major global users of rice.
According to the "Financial Times", "Mr Miliband’s jobs include advisory roles with VantagePoint Capital Partners, a Californian group; Oxford Analytica, a UK advisory company; and Indus Basin Holdings, a Pakistani agrochemical group. He is also a member of the advisory board to the Sir Bani Yas academic forum, which is hosted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates. Despite supporting Arsenal, Mr Miliband is vice-chairman and a non-executive director of Sunderland football club. As a speaker he commands a fee of up to £20,000."
Miliband is also on the Advisory Board of the VantagePoint Capital Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="19339293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339293" title="Aşağı Ləgər">
Aşağı Ləgər

Aşağı Ləgər may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19339323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339323" title="Midland/Odessa Sockers">
Midland/Odessa Sockers

Midland/Odessa Sockers is an American soccer team based in Midland, Texas, United States. Founded in 2008, the team plays in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Mid South Division of the Southern Conference.
The team plays its home games at the Grande Communications Stadium, where they have played since 2009. The team's colors are white and navy blue.
Two of the team's co-owners, Miles Prentice and Bob Richmond, are also the owners of the Midland Rockhounds AA minor league baseball team.
History.
The team joined the USL as an expansion team in 2009, and opened its inaugural season Friday, April 10, 2009, with a 1-0 win over the Arizona Sahuaros in an exhibition match at Grande Stadium. The Sockers played their first official game on May 2, 2009, a 2-0 loss to the El Paso Patriots.
Originally known as the West Texas Sockers, they were renamed the Odessa/Midland Sockers on February 20, 2013. 
Players.
Current roster.
"As at May 21, 2011."
Notable former players.
"This list of notable former players comprises players who went on to play professional soccer after playing for the team in the Premier Development League, or those who previously played professionally before joining the team."
Average attendance.
Attendance stats are calculated by averaging each team's self-reported home attendances from the historical match archive at http://www.uslsoccer.com/history/index_E.html.
References.
http://www.goeasternathletics.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=10666&path=msoc

</doc>
<doc id="19339327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339327" title="HD 123657">
HD 123657

HD 123657, or "BY Boötis", is a variable star (4.98–5.33V). This makes it a dim naked eye star. It has slow, irregular variables of late spectral types (K, M, C, S); as a rule, they are giants (CO Cyg). This type is also ascribed, in the GCVS, to slow red irregular variables in the case of unknown spectral types and luminosities. The star is located near the end of the handle of the Big Dipper.

</doc>
<doc id="19339329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339329" title="Maite Delgado">
Maite Delgado

Maite Coromoto Delgado de Mora (born September 20, 1966) is a Venezuelan TV show host and former beauty queen.
Delgado is the most recognized TV presenter in the Hispanic world. 25 years of TV work with high commintment and quality, made her a beloved personality. She has been followed day by day, coast to coast on the U.S., in Central America and South America.
She was born on September 20 in Caracas, Venezuela. After finishing elementary school she did studies on commercial locution.
On 1986 she started as a pageant in the Miss Venezuela contest. As her 2nd. runner up, on the same year, she participate and won for Venezuela the title and crown of Miss Tourism International held in Santo Domingo. Her debut as a co-host of the morning show "Complicidades" in Venevisión, was the beginning of an uninterrupted career with a lot of successful appearances into families TV shows as "Circo Cómplice" and "País de Caramelo". She was although involved in benefit telethons such as "Unidos contra el Cáncer"; "La Sonrisa de un niño sano" (Hospital Ortopédico infantil) and "Teleradio Pabellón”. She received many recognitions on her work, becoming a unique Venezuelan's sweetheart.
Meanwhile, her incursion on comedies sitcoms as "¡Qué Chicas!" gave her many opportunities to show also her talent on acting. She made her first international appearance, presenting "Señorita México 1988" in Veracruz, Mexico; continuing with "Miss Hispanidad 1991" in Miami; "Festival Internacional de Viña del Mar 1996" in Chile; and "Carnaval de la Calle 8" in Miami.
In 1992 she presents during 4 years "Giros TV", a morning show with great acceptance in audience.
On October 22, 1994 she married professional tennis player Alfonso Mora. She is the sister-in-law of American television news anchor Antonio Mora.
In 1997 she began the talk show “Maite”, making daily broadcasts from coast the coast in the U.S., Central America an Southamerica. In “Maite” she had the experience to communicate in a fine and unique way a powerful personality with the public. Many Hispanics stars from all over the world were interviewed with her original style and charisma (Juan Gabriel, Thalía, Ricky Martin, Shakira, Chayanne, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Elvis Crespo, Ricardo Montaner)
She had her first son. 
Between 1997 and 2010 she was the official presenter of the Miss Venezuela Contest, an international broadcast show, where Maite make a demonstration of professionalism, style and glamour.
On 1999 she was the image of "Crest" for United States.
On December 8, 2000, E-Entertainment Television named her the "Celebrity of the year”. A distinction received in the past by other artists as Ricky Martin and Mexican singer Thalía.
Also in 2000 she gave birth to her second son. 
On 2002 presents "Por la Puerta Grande", an interview program with personalities, broadcast by Univision all over the U.S.
Also on 2002 she presents "¿Qué dice la Gente?", the local version of Family Feud. She was the first TV female host to conduct that successful show. Since her first appearances, she made high numbers on rating winning the love of the Venezuelan audience.
On 2003 participated as a guest presenter on the Latin morning show "Despierta America" (Univision)
On June 2003, obtains The INTE award as the best Hispanic TV female presenter.
On February 2004, 2005 and 2006, she was elected by the users of Univision.Com as one of the best 5 dressed women on "Premios Lo Nuestro" awards.
On 2005 stars a new TV contest show based in the knowledge of Venezuelan culture: "Todo por Venezuela". At the same time, she made the show "Te llegó la Suerte" for Telefutura, a cable channel for Latin America.
On 2007, in a national publicity survey, she was chosen by the public as the woman with the best credibility in Venezuela. Her image is associated with some of the most important brands in Venezuela: Plumrose, Mitsubishi, Multinacional de Seguros, Teragrip and Cetaphil.
In August 2010 won "QUETZAL Award" on Mexico as Venezuelan TV female presenter of the year.
UNICEF has made her ambassador because of her charity activities.
On 2009 at Las Vegas, Maite conducts the special Latin Grammy event “Celebrando a Juan Gabriel" honoring the lifetime achievement of the Mexican legend.
On 2010, debuts in the radio at Union Radio, doing special shorts with messages of social conscience and better citizen conduct, making an early and great feedback in the public.
On August 2010, the Sunday magazine "Estampas" elects her as the editor for the 75th anniversary edition obtaining and exclusive interview with Juan Gabriel in Cancun.
On 2011, resigned her contract with Venevision after 25 years, looking forward her professional evolution. The news cause a big public impact and her Twitter account became in a few hours a world trending topic.

</doc>
<doc id="19339332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339332" title="Longman Hill">
Longman Hill

Longman Hill is a Bronze Age long barrow situated atop a prominent rounded landform in northern Aberdeenshire, Scotland near Banff Bay. Due to the low lying coastal plain characteristics, the elevation of Longman Hill affords a long distance view as far as the Moray Firth.
Nearby is the village of Longmanhill.

</doc>
<doc id="19339339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339339" title="Pigott Building">
Pigott Building

The Pigott Building is an 18-storey (210 feet/ 64 metres) condominium building located at 36 James Street South in downtown Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. This Art Deco/Gothic Revival style building was designed by Hamilton architects Bernard and Fred Prack and is designated under the Ontario Heritage Act.
Built for $1,000,000, The Pigott Building was originally an office building and was Hamilton's first skyscraper. Named after the construction company that built it, the Pigott Construction Company, many of Hamilton's landmarks were built by the company. Some of these include the Canadian Westinghouse offices, the Bank of Montreal Building (1928) on James Street North, McMaster University (1930), Westdale Secondary School (1931), Cathedral of Christ the King (1933), the Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway bridge (1958), Hamilton City Hall (1960) and Copps Coliseum (1985) on York & Bay Streets.
Pigott also built some of Canada's largest industrial plants and finest buildings: the Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto; Skylon Tower at Niagara Falls, Crown Life Insurance Company head office, Toronto; Bank of Canada, Ottawa; a plant for General Motors, Oshawa, and buildings for A. V. Roe Company in Malton.
It was at this location that the Canadian Club Movement had its beginning on December 6, 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="19339340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339340" title="2009 flu pandemic in Hong Kong">
2009 flu pandemic in Hong Kong

The 2009 flu pandemic in Hong Kong started with the city's first reported case of influenza A virus subtype H1N1 infection, commonly called swine flu, on 1 May 2009, in a Mexican national who had travelled to Hong Kong via Shanghai. It was also the first reported case of in Asia. As of 25 November 2009, there have been 32,301 confirmed cases of swine flu in the city.
Initial response.
Following news of the flu outbreak in Mexico and the United States, on 26 April, Secretary for Food and Health York Chow announced that Hong Kong had raised its influenza pandemic alertness level to "serious", out of three possible alertness levels: alert, serious, and emergency. Hong Kong also became one of the first jurisdictions to declare swine flu as a notifiable disease, and much of the procedures against the spread of the swine flu were learned from the 2003 SARS outbreak, of which Hong Kong was the epicenter. Chow advised Hong Kong residents to avoid travelling to cities facing an outbreak of the flu, and stated that swine flu has been added to the list of notifiable disease, which required cases of the flu to be reported to the government. Residents were also advised to take precautionary measures against infection if travel to affected areas was necessary. Surveillance measures at boundary control points were boosted to detect travellers with fever and respiratory symptoms, and travellers who were suspected of being infected would be quarantined and monitored.
First case.
On 1 May, Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang told reporters that tests performed by the Department of Health and the University of Hong Kong confirmed that a 25-year old Mexican citizen who had traveled to the city via Shanghai on a China Eastern Airlines flight was infected with swine flu. In light of this, Tsang raised Hong Kong's influenza pandemic alertness level to "emergency" from "serious". This first confirmed case of swine flu in Hong Kong was also the first confirmed case in Asia. The man had developed a fever after arriving in Hong Kong, and was then isolated in Princess Margaret Hospital, the hospital designated to handle swine flu cases. The hotel where the traveller had stayed, the Metropark Hotel in Wanchai, was quarantined and about 200 guests and 100 staff were instructed to remain in the hotel for seven days regardless of whether or not they had come into contact with the traveller. Authorities also made an effort to track down anybody who had made contact with the traveller, with Chow appealing to those who were on the same flight as the traveller to contact health officials.
The guests and staff were released on 8 May, when the quarantine expired. Tsang was at the hotel for the release, speaking to reporters and with those who had been quarantined. To compensate for the quarantine, the government offered guests two free nights of accommodation at other hotels in Hong Kong. The Mexican traveller was also discharged after treatment with the antiviral drug Tamiflu and the Centre for Health Protection confirmed that he was no longer carrying the virus.
School closure.
Following the finding that 12 students at St. Paul's Convent School contracted the swine flu virus, Chief Executive Donald Tsang ordered the closure of all primary schools, kindergartens, and special schools for two weeks starting from 12 June. The 12 cases of infection were confirmed to be the first known cluster of local transmission of the virus. According to the Education Bureau, the school closure affected about 500,000 students from 964 kindergartens, 601 primary schools and 61 special schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19339356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339356" title="Yergüc, Khachmaz">
Yergüc, Khachmaz

Yergüc (also, Yergyuch, Yerkyuch, Yergyudzh, Ot-Yerguch, Borispol, and Barispol) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,444. The municipality consists of the villages of Yergüc, Bayoba, Üçgünqışlaq, and Sərkərlı.

</doc>
<doc id="19339370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339370" title="Spirale">
Spirale

Spirale is a French government programme to develop an early warning system which will use infrared satellite imagery to detect the flights of ballistic missiles during their boost phase, just after launch. SPIRALE is an acronym which stands for ""Système Préparatoire Infra-Rouge pour l’ALErte"", literally "infrared preparatory system for alert".
The demonstrator system includes two microsatellites and an alert and monitoring ground segment. The satellites have been launched by Ariane 5 on 12 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19339372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339372" title="Yergüc">
Yergüc

Yergüc or Yergyudzh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19339393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339393" title="Children Awaiting Parents">
Children Awaiting Parents

Children Awaiting Parents (CAP) is a national not-for-profit charitable organization that recruits foster and adoptive families for special needs children who have been waiting the longest for a "forever" family. CAP has been in existence since 1972.
Mission.
CAP's mission is to recruit foster and adoptive families across the United States for children who have been waiting the longest for a family. Our waiting children are often older, minorities, sibling groups who wish to be placed together, or children with emotional, mental and/or physical disabilities - children who are typically categorized as "special needs" or "hardest to place".
Programs.
A Right to be Heard is a CAP initiative that empowers waiting children to speak in their own words about their interests, challenges and hopes. Through creative video portraits children speak about things that are important to them. The goal is to break barriers that prevent potential adoptive parents from seeing waiting children as unique individuals. 
One Child at a Time, a new initiative in New York State, provides intensive child specific recruitment in collaboration with the local agency to find homes for the longest waiting children.
The Heart Gallery is a national movement that showcases artistic portraits of children currently in foster care and available for adoption. CAP's first Heart Gallery was held in December, 2005. CAP's second Heart Gallery exhibit was held during November 2007 at the Strong Museum of Play in Rochester, New York. 
Friday's Child, a weekly television segment hosted by WHAM TV 13 Associate News Director, Don Alhart, in Rochester, New York, features a local waiting child in an effort to recruit forever families.
Faith in Children, is a special adoption recruitment campaign initiated by CAP to reach out to the community through faith-based organizations to identify and recruit permanent families for America's waiting children.
Wendy’s Wonderful Kids In 2007, CAP received a grant from the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption to implement a Wendy’s Wonderful Kids project. Wendy's Wonderful Kids is the direct-service signature program of the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption that combines the fundraising of Wendy's, Wendy’s customers and the aggressive grants management of the Foundation. The Foundation has awarded grants to local adoption organizations in every state to execute aggressive child-focused recruitment programs targeted exclusively on placing foster care children with adoptive families.
Media.
CAP provides media outreach in regional and national publications throughout the United States. Children are featured weekly in newspapers, and are also featured in magazines and parent group newsletters. We have recently had children featured on the cover of Fostering Families Today, and in national magazines including Latina and Brain Child. Additional media outreach projects have included the production of regional and national posters for National Adoption Month, as well as advertisements which promote adoption.

</doc>
<doc id="19339417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339417" title="University of the Philippines School of Labor and Industrial Relations">
University of the Philippines School of Labor and Industrial Relations

The UP School of Labor and Industrial Relations (SOLAIR) is a constituent unit in the University of the Philippines Diliman, the national university of the Philippines.
History.
The Directors and Deans of UP SOLAIR were: Cicero D. Calderon, DJS (1954–1962); Flerida Ruth Pineda-Romero (1962–1963); Ramon T. Jimenez (1963–1970); Manuel A. Dia, PhD (1970–1982); Jose C. Gatchalian, PhD(1982–1988); Rene E. Ofreneo, PhD (1988–1992 and 1995–1998); Marie E. Aganon, PhD (1992–1995); Maragtas S.V. Amante, PhD (1998–2002); Juan Amor Palafox (2002–2004); and Jorge V. Sibal (2004–2011). The current Dean is Jonathan P. Sale, DPA.
UP SOLAIR traces its origins from Labor Education Center (LEC) which was established in 1954 to promote social justice and labor empowerment through education, research and labor empowerment. It started as a project of the UP School of Business Administration through its Dean Jose Valmonte in 1953 in response to the new era of collective bargaining and economic unionism with the passage of the Industrial Peace Act (RA No. 875- Magna Carta of Labor) in 1953 (Sibal, 2008). A highly capable training and professional staff of labor lawyers, researchers and trainers conducted studies, training and capacity-building programs to assist labor organizations, particularly the trade unions and cooperatives.
The Center expanded its services in Asia. According to former Dean Ofreneo, this was an offshoot of the Cold War during the 1950s (Ofreneo, 2008 as cited by Sibal, 2008). The Center was subsequently renamed the Asian Labor Education Center (ALEC) in 1958 and became the leading regional training institution for Asian trade union leaders.
From ALEC to SOLAIR.
Graduate studies were subsequently offered on April 18, 1975 in addition to the Center's extension and research activities. By that time, the institution's name was changed from ALEC to Institute of Industrial Relations (IIR). On March 24, 1988, it was renamed School of Labor and Industrial Relations (SOLAIR) "to adequately reflect the functions and the areas of concern of the unit, and in keeping with nomenclature of counterpart industrial relations schools in the international academic community." It is the pioneering degree-granting unit in Labor and Industrial Relations within a major University in the Philippines and Asia (Kaufman, 2004 as cited by Sibal, 2008). The School's research and extension programs have expanded into 3 centers on December 20, 1996: Center for Labor and Grassroots Initiatives (CLGI); Center for the Administration of Labor Justice (CaLJ); and Center for Industry Productivity and Competitiveness (CIPC) (Sibal, 2008).
UP SOLAIR today.
The school currently offers graduate degree programs in Diploma in Industrial Relations and Master of Industrial Relations. With more than 300 graduate students, SOLAIR is among the biggest graduate schools in UP Diliman.
It also regularly conducts seminars, symposia and training programs catering for human resource practitioners, cooperative practitioners and labor unions, among others.
The other officials of SOLAIR are:
Among the various university, national and international awards received by the school are:
Faculty.
Full-Time:
Dr. Ronahlee A. Asuncion
Dr. Maragtas S. V. Amante
Dr. Virgel C. Binghay
Dr. Emily Cabegin
Dr. Rebecca S. Gaddi
Prof. Bonifacio S. Macaranas
Dr. Rene E. Ofreneo
Dr. Jonathan P. Sale
Prof. Jorge V. Sibal
Dr. Virginia A. Teodosio
Prof. Ma. Catalina Tolentino
Lecturers:
Prof. Virgilio Aganon
Atty. Nick B. Barriatos
Prof. Noly T. Cayabyab 
Prof. Arthur Luis Florentin
Dr. Bach M. Macaraya
Atty. Sally Protacio
Atty. Gerardo A. Sadsad
Prof. Geodicio T. Sison
Prof. Rolando Santos
Atty. Ruben D. Torres
Atty. Lorenzo V. Ziga
Student life.
The students of the college are of diverse backgrounds. Some of them are Human Resource practitioners (consultants, trainers, labor and employment relations specialists). There are also students working in the public sector, legal profession and the academe.
The UP School of Labor and Industrial Relations Student Council (UP SOLAIR SC) is the official student representative of the College. This was previously held by the UP Industrial Relations Society (UP IRS), when the officials of the organization became automatic members of the Student Council (IRS-SC).
UP SOLAIR Student Council 2013-2014
Chairperson: Hardly Abellano
Vice-Chairman: Amee Hibala
Education/Research & Popular Struggle: Dionne Reyes
Finance: John Yang
Extension & Special Projects:Jeremy De Vera
Publicity: Maine Ocampo
Volunteer Corps: Alex Nebrija
Secretariat: Jen Malazarte
UP SOLAIR STUDENT COUNCIL AY 2011-2012
CHAIRPERSON: ALLAN ARCARD
VICE CHAIRPERSON: HARVEY CONTRERAS
SEC: GRACE ANGELINE V. MARQUEZ
FIN: MARINELLE C. SANTOS
EDUC: MARIE CHRIS L. CARIAGA 
EXTENSION: ARVIN CARANDANG
PUBLISHING: ANA CARLOTA F. LAREZA
VOLCOR: BONETH MANOSCA
UP SOLAIR Student Council 2010-2011
Chaiperson: Roel Malubay
Vice Chairperson: Hazel Ramos
SOLAIR Representative to the USC: Andre Garra
UP SOLAIR Student Council 2008-2009 and 2009-2010
Chairperson: Mc Ronald Simbajon Banderlipe I
Vice Chairperson: Jefran Fernandez Baraquio
Councilors:
Extension and Special Projects: Kristine Janice Alido Bandayrel
Education, Research and Popular Struggles: Anto Valera Cometa
Finance: Mischaelle Josanne Kalalo Millar
Secretariat and Logistics: Melanio Gregorio Pilar (2008–2009); Roel Malubay (2009–2010)
Publicity: Rhoda Angeli Milla
SOLAIR Representative to the USC: Hazel Ramos (2008–2009)
Past Chairperson (AY 2006-2007 and 2007–2008): Adolfo Nisperos Jr. (under IRS-SC)

</doc>
<doc id="19339419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339419" title="Canfield Speedway">
Canfield Speedway

Canfield Speedway hosted (major) sanctioned auto racing from 1950 to 1964, but other associations ran until the late 1970s. The track is a half mile dirt oval that was on the Nascar Grand National Schedule for three years from 1950-1952 hosting one event annually over that time period. The Nascar Grand National and Short Track series competed there as well as ARCA and USAC. The Grand National events were 200 laps and long. The Short Track Race was 100 laps and the track was 1/4-mile long making the race . The ARCA races were either 100 laps on the 1/4-mile or 200, 250, or 300 laps on the 1/2-mile as the track had two different configurations. Some of the events used the inverted start with the pole qualifier starting last. Both USAC races were 100 laps on the quarter mile configuration. The quickest laps recorded in sanctioned events were just under the 24 second mark with cars averaging around the speedway on the half mile configuration. On the quarter mile quick time was under 16 seconds and cars averaged . At some times the track was paved in the quarter mile configuration, but never in the half mile configuration. Attendance varied from 30,000 people for larger events to 10,000 people for ones of less significance. The track is located at the Canfield Fairgrounds in Canfield, Ohio, and is still in use today, primarily during the Canfield Fair. The NASCAR pole record is and the race record is 48.057 mph 2:04:51. The record for cautions is 4 and smallest margin of victory and the largest 3 laps. The largest purse was $4350 and the most lead changes was 2. The original promoter of auto racing in Canfield was Charlie Findlay and then his nephew George C. Findlay in the early 1960s. It was Charlie that had close ties with Johnny Marcum, (MARC) Midwest Association of Racing Cars.and Canfield Speedway was the priority track.In 1964 ARCA took over MARC
as the desire for dirt tracks died out.
Bill Rexford.
Bill Rexford won the inaugural event (later known as the Poor Man's 500) and went on to take the Grand National Championship that year in 1950. He was the youngest diver to win the championship in what is now the Sprint Cup Series. He was aided to the championship when Lee Petty was stripped of some points for racing in non-NASCAR sanctioned events. His only lead lap finish in his career was at Canfield Speedway (when he won). His only career pole came at Canfield Speedway the following year in 1951. He was the 1st of 6 drivers to win a championship without winning a pole in that season. He is 1 of 4 drivers to win a championship with only 1 win that season (nobody has won with 0 wins). In the three grand national races only 4 cars combined finished on the lead lap.

</doc>
<doc id="19339423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339423" title="Harrisburg Stampede">
Harrisburg Stampede

The Harrisburg Stampede are a professional indoor football team based in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The Stampede joined the Professional Indoor Football League in September 2013, for the 2014 season, after played the previous two season in American Indoor Football. For the 2014 season, the Stampede will be playing their home games at the Giant Center in nearby Hershey after playing their first five seasons at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex & Expo Center.
The "Stampede" name alludes to the team's former home venue, which hosts the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania's annual livestock show. The team's colors of blue, black and white.
History.
2009.
The team was co-founded by John Morris and Fred Clark. In September, 2008, the team announced that they would use the nickname "Stampede" after narrowing a list of entries down to 3. In the Stampede's inaugural game, they beat an opposing team of American Indoor Football Association (AIFA) All-Stars, 46–26, in the 2009 AIFA Kickoff Classic. In their first regular season game, the Stampeded were defeated by the reigning AIFA champion, Florence Phantoms by a score of 19.13. In their second ever regular season game, the Stampede defeated the Baltimore Mariners 37-34. After a 2-4 start, Morris fired head coach Kelly Logan and replaced him with defensive coordinator, Mike McDonald. Marques Colston, a New Orleans Saints wide receiver, held a share during the team's first season. Colston left the group after the inaugural season, citing philosophical differences.
2010.
For the 2010 season, the team hired Ramon Robinson as their head coach. Robinson helped the Stampede turn their record around, leading them to a 11-3 regular season record, clinching a playoff spot. The #2 seeded Stampede defeated the #3 Erie Storm by a score of 52-48 in the first Stampede playoff game ever. The following week, the Stampede were defeated by the undefeated Mariners by a score of 65-13 in the Eastern Conference Championship Game.
2011.
The Stampede began the 2011 season by naming Bernie Nowotarski the team's head coach and general manager. 2011 also brought a new league for the Stampede, as they moved into the Southern Indoor Football League (SIFL) after the merger of the AIFA's Eastern Conference with the SIFL After an 0–6 start to the 2011 season, Nowotarski was removed as General Manager and Head Coach of the Stampede. He was replaced by Josh Resignalo. The following season, the SIFL disbanded, leading the Stampede to re-join their former league, which is now going by American Indoor Football (AIF).
2012.
In 2012, the team joined American Indoor Football (AIF), the league was ran by previous AIFA owner/CEO John Morris. In January 2012, Morris sold the team to local businessman Justin Coble, who made moves to broaden the fan base and re-energize the city of Harrisburg about the Stampede team; Colston returned to the team's ownership group just prior to the start of the 2012 season.
2013.
As of August 2012 Marques Colston's Dynasty Group acquired full control of the team and have continued to grow the footprint of the Stampede with its primary mission of servicing the community in the Greater Harrisburg area. The Stampede advanced to the AIF Championship Game for the second straight year in 2013, this time defeating the Cape Fear Heroes 57-42 earning their first ever title.
2014.
In September 2013, the Stampede announced that they would be joining the Professional Indoor Football League for the 2014 season.
Season-By-season.
!Totals || 34 || 29 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="19339433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339433" title="New Hampshire Roller Derby">
New Hampshire Roller Derby

New Hampshire Roller Derby is the first women's amateur roller derby league in New Hampshire. NHRD is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association.
League history.
The league was founded in July 2007 as Skate Free or Die Rollergirls, in southern New Hampshire, but now operates under the name New Hampshire Roller Derby.
In the summer of 2008, their Skate Free or Die! all-star team had their first scrimmage against Providence Roller Derby's Killah Bees in July, hosted their first tournament in August, and saw their first bout, against Maine Roller Derby's Calamity Janes, in September. The league played its first full-length season in 2009. (See Competitive History)
On September 1, 2009, NHRD was accepted into the WFTDA Apprenticeship Program with the first round of inductees. The league graduated from the Apprentice Program and was inducted as a Class B member of WFTDA on June 17, 2010.
Organization.
The league is composed of several teams including an all-star travel team that competes with other leagues in the surrounding area. The league operates as a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization. All proceeds after paying operating costs such as venue rental fees are donated to charity. Groups that the New Hampshire Roller Derby has donated to include the American Red Cross, Animal Rescue League, NH Food Bank, Boston Area Rape Crisis Center, Save Giovanni's Friends, and Greyhound Pets of America.
Teams.
New Hampshire Roller Derby has grown to more than 50 members and has broken into multiple teams within the league beginning with the 2010 season.
Skate Free or Die! All-Stars.
Current Roster
The Skate Free or Die! All-Stars (SFOD) were NHRD's only team for the first two and a half years of the league's existence. SFOD is the league's A-Level, WFTDA-chartered travel team, eligible for national ranking and participation in WFTDA tournaments. They have played bouts throughout the northeastern United States and southeastern Canada as far away as Delaware and Montreal. The team's colors are pink and black and their mascot is Grim Skater.
Queen City Cherry Bombs.
Current Roster
Formed in early 2010, the Queen City Cherry Bombs (QCCB) are NHRD's B-Level travel team which competes around New England. The team's colors are red and black and their mascot is Queen Victorious.
Seabrook Meltdowns.
[http://www.nhrollerderby.com/teams/meltdowns/]
The Seabrook Meltdowns were formed in early 2010 as one of two original "home teams" for NHRD. They play intraleague home and exhibition bouts against the league's other home team, the Granite Skate Troopers. The team's colors are lime green and black and their mascot is Atomic Annie.
Granite Skate Troopers.
Current Roster
Like the Meltdowns, the Granite Skate Troopers are one of NHRD's two intraleague home teams. They play against the meltdowns both at home and in exhibition bouts. The team's colors are army green and black and their mascot is Officer Haughty McNaughty.
Competitive history.
2009.
Overall Record: 5-3
2010.
Overall Record:
Skate Free or Die!: 4-3
Queen City Cherry Bombs: 3-2

</doc>
<doc id="19339463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339463" title="That Printer of Udell's">
That Printer of Udell's

"That Printer of Udell's" is a 1903 work of fiction by Harold Bell Wright.
Wright, who served as a minister before becoming a writer, created a story with Christian themes. In the story, Dick Falkner, who comes from a broken home, sees his father under the influence of alcohol and his mother starving. After his parents die, Dick goes to Boyd City in the Midwestern United States to become employed. Dick believes that "Christians won't let me starve." A printer named George Udell hires Dick; both of them decide to become Christians and Dick becomes a revered member of the religious community due to his public speaking abilities and optimism. At the end of the book, Dick gets a political job in Washington, D.C.
Ronald Reagan read the book at age 11 after his mother, a member of the Protestant Disciples of Christ Church, gave him the book. Reagan says that the book inspired him to become an evangelical Christian; he became baptized by his mother's congregation. At age 66 Reagan said that the book "left an abiding belief in the triumph of good over evil."

</doc>
<doc id="19339477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339477" title="Ryan Sachire">
Ryan Sachire

Ryan Sachire is currently the Assistant Tennis Coach at the University of Notre Dame. He was previously an American professional tennis player who captured 2 ATP Challenger doubles titles.
Pre-Professional Career.
Ryan Sachire was born April 2, 1978 in Youngstown, Ohio. He is from Canfield, Ohio and graduated from Canfield High School (Ohio) in 1996. While playing for Canfield he only lost 5 matches and won 2 Ohio state singles titles. He was ranked 24th in the USTA nationally for 16&under singles. His father, Frank Sachire, was a former offensive tackle for Mount Union College and had a brief stint in the NFL. He presently coaches tennis in Youngstown, Ohio and the surrounding area.
Collegiate Tennis Career.
Sachire played his college tennis for Notre Dame and compiled a 138-43 record at first singles and 73-32 at first doubles. He reached the ITA national championship final in 1998 and lost to James Blake. He also won the consolation in 1999 and reached the semis of the national clay court championships the same year. He was a 3 time ITA Midwest Championships semifinalist and was runner-up in 1996. He was a 3 time member of the USTA summer college team. Sachire is in the top-5 in 13 different categories for Notre Dame. He is 2nd with 211 combined wins and lead the Irish to a 67-33 record and a 16th place finish in 1997. They were 1999 Big East champs and in the top-35 for 4 years with 4 tournament bids. He was 2 time conference MVP and Midwest Player of the Year. He was top rookie in 1997 and 4 time team MVP. He graduated in 2000 after studying economics and was a 2 time Big East Academic All-Star. He is first and only Notre Dame player to win 30-plus singles matches in 4 seasons and 1 of 2 to get 4 NCAA Singles Championship invitations. He was a 3 time All-American, always in the top-40 in singles and spent a great deal of time at #2 behind Harvard's James Blake (5th in the world). He won all of the ITA senior awards in 2000 being senior player of the year and winning several other awards.
Professional Tennis Career.
After graduating from Notre Dame, he played professionally for 5 years. He was ranked 184th in doubles and 391st in singles in the Association of Tennis Professionals. He won 16 doubles titles, 14 of which were futures and 2 challengers (2002 Waco and 2003 Atlantic City). He won 3 singles futures titles (College Station 1998, St. Joseph 2002, and Lachine Canada 2003). He was in the top 35 among U.S. men in both singles and doubles. His record from January 2001-December 2008 is 128 - 92. Notable singles opponents include Bob Bryan, Wayne Odesnik, Kevin Kim, Amer Delic, and Dmitry Tursunov. He played two doubles finals against Bob and Mike Bryan, as his most notable opponents.
Last ATP Match.
Indianapolis, IN, USA | March 12, 2008 | R56 | $100,000 | Hard 
Last Competition Result.
R32|$50,000|Challenger, Hard | Entry:(q)
Post-Professional/ Tennis Coaching Career.
He began his coaching career at Wickertree Tennis & Fitness Center in Columbus, Ohio. He then was at Baylor as an assistant from 2005–2006 and has been coaching at Notre Dame ever since. In 2006, Sachire married Cindy Harding a 1999 Irish graduate and former cheerleader. He was recently promoted to Associate Head Coach at Notre Dame. In February 2010, Ryan was inducted into the Canfield Hall of Fame for his accomplishments as the best tennis player to ever have played for the Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19339485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339485" title="Sanford Titans">
Sanford Titans

The Sanford Titans are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Sanford, Manitoba. They are members of the Keystone Junior Hockey League (KJHL). The franchise was founded in 2008.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against,   PCT = Winning Percentage"
Team Information.
Current roster.
As of September 22, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19339522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339522" title="Masaya (disambiguation)">
Masaya (disambiguation)

Masaya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19339530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339530" title="Canfield Fairgrounds">
Canfield Fairgrounds

The Canfield Fairgrounds hosts the annual Mahoning County Fair which has been held annually for 163 years. It is located in the city of Canfield, Ohio, USA, which is outside of Youngstown, Ohio. It is noted as one of the largest county fairs in the state of Ohio. The fair was established in 1864 by the county Agricultural & Horticultural Society and was held on the commons. The grounds is a facility that has hosted a plethora of events. The grounds is also noted for its Western Reserve Village that includes several buildings and a steam locomotive with a caboose. It also has a large grandstands area that is the venue for concerts, monster trucks, demolition derbies, and of course horse racing. The past year's fair included Vanessa Hudgens and Corbin Bleu, Josh Turner and Jo Dee Messina, and Lynyrd Skynyrd. In recent years the annual attendance of the fair has been around 350,000 people averaging just under 60,000 people coming through the gates each day. 
Other famous entertainers that have performed at the Canfield Fair, include Bob Hope, Dolly Parton, Rascal Flatts, The Beach Boys, The Monkees, "Weird Al" Yankovic, Brad Paisley, The Goo Goo Dolls, and Bill Cosby.
NASCAR History.
Additionally in 1950, Canfield Speedway, a half mile dirt oval hosted the fifth race of the 1950 season for NASCAR's top division on May 30. Jimmy Florian won the pole for the event and Bill Rexford won and went on to take the Championship. It is notable as Rexford's only victory that season, making him one of a few drivers to win the championship with only 1 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19339535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339535" title="United Copper">
United Copper

The United Copper Company was a short-lived United States copper mining business in the early 20th century that played a pivotal role in the Panic of 1907.
United Copper was incorporated in 1902 by F. Augustus Heinze, a copper magnate who had tussled for years with Amalgamated Copper for lucrative copper mines in Butte, Montana. The firm was incorporated in New Jersey with an authorized capital of US$80,000,000. United Copper combined Heinze interests in The Montana Ore Purchasing Company, The Nipper Consolidated Copper Company, The Minnie Healy Mining Company, The Corra Rock-Island Mining Company, and the The Belmont Mining Company.
Upon consolidation, United Copper was capable of producing about 42 million pounds (19 thousand metric tons) of copper a year, as compared to 143 million pounds (65 thousand metric tons) per year for Amalgamated Copper.
United Copper was literally traded "on the curb" outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). "On the curb" trading was later formalized as the American Stock Exchange (AMEX).
In 1907, after its legal battles with Amalgamated had finally been settled, United Copper again found itself the center of a scandal: in October, F. Augustus Heinze's brother, Otto Heinze, devised a scheme to corner the market in United Copper stock. The Heinzes owned a large share of the company and Otto believed that many of these shares had been loaned out to investors hoping to short sell the stock.
Short sellers borrow, or make arrangements to borrow, the stock of a company, which they then sell at current prices. If prices later drop, they repurchase shares of the company, now at a cheaper price, to replace the borrowed stock. The difference is the profit of the short seller. Heinze's plan was to move aggressively to purchase the stock of United Copper. The price would soar high. Then, with prices high, and Heinze controlling most of the stock, he would force the short-sellers to repay the borrowed stock. The short-sellers would have no option but to settle with Heinze for high prices.
But Otto Heinze overestimated how much of the company the family controlled (cf: family business). When he forced the borrowers to buy back stock they were able to get it from other sources. When the market realized his corner had failed, the stock price of United Copper collapsed. So shocking was the collapse, that depositors rushed to pull the money out of the banks of F. Augustus Heinze. From there panic spread, as people pulled money out of banks associated with Heinze, and then from trust companies associated with those banks ("see" Panic of 1907).
In 1908, F. Augustus Heinze was indicted for his role in the corner. The share price of United Copper, meanwhile, never recovered. In 1913 the company was placed into receivership, so its assets could be unwound.

</doc>
<doc id="19339592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339592" title="Kenneth Chiacchia">
Kenneth Chiacchia

Kenneth Chiacchia (b. December 29, 1961 in Hackensack, NJ) is an American writer in the Fantasy and Science Fiction genre.
Biography.
Chiacchia was born in Hackensack, NJ. He earned a PhD in biochemistry, at the Harvard University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in 1991. He has been published in four different genres: Science Fiction, Medical Writing, Search and Rescue Science, and Journalism. Ken began his career as a medical science writer at Harvard Medical School in 1993. Currently he is a medical science writer and editor at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Chiacchia is a member of both the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America and the National Association of Science Writers. He has been a news reporter for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's North Hills section with over 50 published stories. Ken had a recent story that was the cover page article for the Pittsburgh City Paper.
He is also a dog handler in Allegheny Mountain Rescue Group, a Pittsburgh-based volunteer organization that assists authorities in civilian lost-person searches. His work has been noted in local newspapers. He has written on the science of olfaction for search and rescue workers. In 1993, Chiacchia joined the Pittsburgh Worldwrights Writers' Workshop founded by Pittsburgh science-fiction and fantasy writer Mary Soon Lee and continued by Pittsburgh author Barton Paul Levenson and others. Chiacchia won the 2008 Carnegie Science Center Journalism Award.
Bibliography.
Fiction
Poems 
Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19339601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339601" title="Deluxe Comics">
Deluxe Comics

Deluxe Comics was a short-lived comic book publishing company which published one title, "Wally Wood's T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents".
History.
Deluxe Comics was a division of Singer Publishing, founded by David M. Singer. It lasted from 1984 to 1986.
T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents controversy.
In 1984, Deluxe began publishing "Wally Wood's T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents", featuring some of the best artists of the era, including George Pérez, Dave Cockrum, Keith Giffen, Murphy Anderson and Jerry Ordway. Singer claimed the group was in the public domain, a claim disputed by John Carbonaro of JC Comics. In 1981, JC Comics had acquired the T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents rights from defunct publisher Tower Comics (which had gone out of business in 1969). JC Comics had published several issues of "T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents" in 1983, the last of which through Archie Comics' Red Circle Comics line.
A lawsuit initiated by Carbonaro was eventually settled in US District Court in favor of Carbonaro, with Singer acknowledging Carbonaro’s registered copyrights and trademark. Under the settlement, Carbonaro also received, among other things, an assignment of all rights to "Wally Woods T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents", previously published by Singer, and an undisclosed sum of money.
Lodestone Comics.
Lodestone was a sister company of Deluxe Comics and in 1985–1986 published five short-lived titles: "Codename Danger", "Evangeline Special", "the Futurians", the "March Hare", and a one-shot edition of "The Honeymooners".
Closure.
Deluxe Comics/Lodestone closed its doors in 1986 when several major distributors failed to pay sizeable past-due invoices.

</doc>
<doc id="19339613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339613" title="Vehicle recovery (military)">
Vehicle recovery (military)

Vehicle recovery is a type of military operation conducted to extricate both wheeled and track vehicles that had become immobile due to condition of the soil, nature of terrain in general, loss of traction due to an attempt to negotiate an obstacle, having broken down, or from sustaining non-combat or combat damage. The recovery can be performed using manual or assisted methods of recovery, using ground or vehicle mounted recovery equipment (mostly winches and cranes), with the recovery of heavier vehicles conducted using wheel and track recovery vehicles, including recovery with the use of the Fifth Wheel Towing Device or with Allied Kinetic Energy Recovery Rope (AKERR). Vehicle recovery can be performed by the vehicle itself, or by another like vehicle, and many field expedients for both recovery and repairs have been used by different armed forces since the wide introduction of vehicles into armed forces during the First World War. Special hand and arm signals are used during the vehicle recovery to guide the participants where field of view or line-of-sight are restricted.

</doc>
<doc id="19339640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339640" title="Abbott Northwestern Hospital">
Abbott Northwestern Hospital

Abbott Northwestern Hospital is a 627-bed teaching and specialty hospital based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the largest not-for-profit hospital in the Twin Cities and a part of the Allina network of hospitals and clinics. U.S. News ranked Abbott Northwestern among America's Best Hospitals with six adult specialties ranked in the top 50 in the United States.
History.
Abbott Northwestern Hospital was founded in 1882 as Northwestern Hospital for Women and Children. Harriet G. Walker, the wife of prominent Minneapolis businessman Thomas Barlow Walker, invited 44 Minneapolis ladies to a meeting. Although it was billed as a fine social event, Walker actually had the foundation of a charity hospital in mind. Dr. Mary Hood, who attended the birth of Walker's last child Archie, explained the need for a hospital to treat victims of malnutrition, diphtheria, tuberculosis, typhoid, and pneumonia. Dr. Mary Whetstone appealed by saying that no one cared for the people for the worst diseases or "smoothed their dying pillows". Although the typical Victorian women of the time were not used to hearing the details of disease and disadvantaged lives, the ladies donated toward the foundation of a hospital. The first building in late 1882 was a small rented house on 3 1/2 Avenue South and had room for ten patients, two nurses in training, and maids. This facility was hardly big enough for the needs of the community, so it moved to a second home in 1883 at a cost of $3000. In 1887, the hospital moved to a permanent location at the corner of Chicago and 27th Street, at a cost of $36,000. The hospital's care was patterned after Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania, Dr. Hood's "alma mater". Dr. Hood and Dr. Whetstone gave simple, practical care such as diet, cleanliness, and rest. The hospital also established a training school for nurses.
In 1932, Northwestern Hospital celebrated its 50th anniversary. The building at the time could house 200 patients, and was valued at $1,000,000. It had a staff of 81 student nurses, 16 graduate nurses, and 30 other members of its general staff. It was overcrowded at the time, so expansion was needed. Because of the Great Depression, though, it took until 1941 before the west wing and the central pavilion were remodeled and the original hospital building was demolished.
After World War II, health care facilities received increased attention because of the need for care of veterans wounded in the war. Government money was distributed to ensure improved access to health care, and technological advances in cardiovascular and pulmonary surgery techniques, better diagnostic methods, and extended care for critically ill patients received attention. In 1953, the Memorial Pavilion was completed, with a post-anesthesia recovery room, expanded physical therapy facilities, a new classroom, and an electrocardiograph machine. The next year, though, a severe shortage of hospital beds in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area spurred hospital organizers to organize a United Hospital Fund drive. It raised $17 million for hospitals around the Twin Cities.
In 1964, Northwestern Hospital had 395 beds, along with a medical staff of 244 members and over 1,000 other employees. Around this time, Abbott Hospital had 230 beds. The administrators and board members of the two separate hospitals were concerned about the nation's growth boom, and they also recognized the need for bigger and better facilities, the increase of government regulation, and the growing shortage of trained personnel who could operate increasingly complicated equipment. Since Abbott Hospital and Northwestern Hospital had similar missions and traditions, the two hospitals merged on January 1, 1970.
In 1975 the Sister Kenny Rehabilitation Institute joined to provide rehabilitation care for patients. In 2013, Sister Kenny Rehabilitation Institute and Courage Center merged to create Courage Kenny Rehabilitation Institute one of the largest rehabilitation programs in the Upper Midwest. In 1976, the board of directors of Abbott-Northwestern voted to close the Abbott campus and move its operation to the campus at 27th Street and Chicago Ave. S. This decision was made because it was cheaper to operate one campus instead of two separate hospitals. The consolidation resulted in about the same number of hospital beds, but accomplished a staff reduction of about 180 out of 2700 employees. The new building cost $24 million, was started in 1977, and opened in 1980. In 2005 in a joint venture between the facility and the Minneapolis Heart Institute, Abbott Northwestern's Heart Hospital was created.
On October 3, 2011, Becker's Hospital Review listed Abbott Northwestern under 70 Hospitals With Great Cardiology Programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19339648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339648" title="John Lazarou">
John Lazarou

John Lazarou (born 25 June 1962, Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian businessman who is one of the owners of The Coffee Club chain of coffee shops. John is also a motivational speaker and is known for his philanthropic work.
In 1958, his parents and three young children migrated from Greece to Australia, where they had another three children including John. He left school to enter the workforce at the age of 15 and eventually helped build one of Australia's largest franchise operations, with over 115 shops in the coffee chain.

</doc>
<doc id="19339676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339676" title="Thrikkovil Sree Padmanabha Swami Kshetram">
Thrikkovil Sree Padmanabha Swami Kshetram

Thrikkovil - Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple, () is a Hindu temple with Lord Vishnu as the presiding deity, located at Vallicode village in Pathanamthitta District in Kerala, India.
This temple is considered the second one of its kind after the famous Padmanabhaswamy temple in Thiruvananthapuram.
Recent Temple Events.
This 2013, the annually conducted "Dashavatara Chaarth" had commenced from the 3rd of January and went on till 13th of January. The highlight of this 10 day event was the fact that each day a different incarnated avatar of Maha Vishnu was worshipped.

</doc>
<doc id="19339681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339681" title="Equilibrium (Erik Mongrain album)">
Equilibrium (Erik Mongrain album)

Equilibrium is the second album of the Canadian guitarist Erik Mongrain.
Description.
Equilibrium is an acoustic guitar album by Erik Mongrain recorded at Paul Reed Smith's Dragon Crossing Studios during August 2008. Mongrain is accompanied by Michael Manring (fretless bass) and Bill Plumber (synthesizer).
The CD cover is a painting by Yan Mongrain, the guitarist's brother.
Tracks translations and meanings.
"(from CD booklet, written by Erik's hand)"

</doc>
<doc id="19339758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339758" title="Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Iași">
Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Iași

The Faculty of Electrical Engineering is an academic division of the Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iaşi, Romania, devoted to study and research in electrical engineering.
History.
The Faculty of Electrical Engineering was founded in 1910, as the first school of its kind in Romania. The first dean and founder of the faculty was the famous professor Dragomir Hurmuzescu. A statue (bust) sits in the front of the faculty building today.
In 1938, the school, later transformed in electrical preparation institute, was acknowledged as a faculty of the Iasi "Gheorghe Asachi" Polytechnic School.
In 1942, the name is changed to "Faculty of Electro-mechanics", including 2 classes. A class for electrical engineering, and a class for mechanical engineering. From 1948, the faculty changed its name to "Electrical Engineering Faculty".The name of the faculty today is "Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Energy and Applied Informatics"
In 1957, the class of electro-mechanics was created. In 1960, the class of Energetics was created, and in 1995 a hybrid class was created called "Economics Engineering", class that blends electrical and economics curricula. The last class added was in 2003, the class for Industrial Programming.
To this day, the faculty is a member of the Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iaşi.

</doc>
<doc id="19339864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339864" title="List of School Days characters">
List of School Days characters

This is a list of characters from the visual novel "School Days" and its adaptations. Most of the characters and their birthdays are named after Japanese Prime Ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="19339921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339921" title="Forgotten Ten">
Forgotten Ten

The Forgotten Ten (
The executions were carried out by John Ellis, one of the United Kingdom's hangmen at that time.
Campaign for Reburial.
Following the Irish War of Independence, Mountjoy Prison was transferred to the control of the Irish Free State, which became the State of Ireland in 1937. In the 1920s, the families of the dead men requested their remains be returned to them for proper burial. This effort was joined in the later 1920s by the National Graves Association. Through the efforts of the Association, the graves of the men were identified in 1934, and in 1996 a Celtic Cross was erected in Glasnevin Cemetery to commemorate them.
State Funeral.
The campaign to rebury the men would drag on for eighty years from their deaths. Following an intense period of negotiations, the Irish government relented. Plans to exhume the bodies of the ten men were announced on 1 November 2000, the 80th anniversary of the execution of Kevin Barry. On October 14, 2001, the Forgotten Ten were afforded full state honours, with a private service at Mountjoy Prison for the families of the dead, a requiem mass at St Mary's Pro-Cathedral and burial in Glasnevin Cemetery.
According to "The Guardian" some criticised the event as glorifying militant Irish republicanism. It was also suggested that the event was coordinated for political opportunism since it coincided with the Fianna Fáil party conference.
The progress of the cortège through the centre of Dublin was witnessed by crowds estimated as being in the tens of thousands who broke into spontaneous applause as the coffins passed. On O'Connell Street, a lone piper played a lament as the cortege paused outside the General Post Office, the focal point of the 1916 Easter Rising. In his homily during the requiem mass, Cardinal Cahal Daly, a long-time critic of the IRA campaign in Northern Ireland, insisted that there was a clear distinction between the conflict of 1916–22 and the paramilitary-led violence of the previous 30 years:
In his graveside oration the Taoiseach Bertie Ahern echoed these sentiments and also paid tribute to the Ten:
The state funeral, broadcast live on national television and radio, was only the thirteenth since independence. Patrick Maher would not be reburied with his comrades. In accordance with his wishes, and those of his family, he was reinterred in Ballylanders, County Limerick.
A feature length Irish language documentary on the re-interments, "An Deichniúr Dearmadta" (The Forgotten Ten) aired on TG4 on 28 March 2002.
See also.
All preceding accessed 3 Nov. 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19339923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339923" title="Nims">
Nims

Nims may refer to:
Nims can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19339939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339939" title="János Thorma">
János Thorma

János Thorma (24 April 1870 – 5 December 1937) was a Hungarian painter. A representative figure of the Nagybánya artists' colony, which started in 1896 at what is today Baia Mare, Romania, he moved through different styles. He shifted from the naturalism that was the aesthetic of the colony, to historical subjects, to romantic realism and to a Post-Impressionism style. His work is held by the Hungarian National Gallery, the Thorma János Múzeum, regional museums and private collectors. 
In 1966, the Hungarian National Gallery held a major commemorative exhibition, "The Art of Nagybánya," commemorating the innovations of Thorma and fellow artists. In February 2013, it opens a major retrospective of more than 100 pieces of János Thorma's work, drawing from numerous institutions and private collectors in Europe.
Early life and education.
János Thorma was born in 1870 in Kiskunhalas, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary to Béla Thorma, a tax agency cashier, and his wife Gizella Fekete. The family moved to Nagybánya when the youth was 14. He began to study art at Bertalan Székely's drawing school. 
At the age of 18, he went to Munich, where he studied from 1888 to 1890 under the Hungarian painter, Simon Hollósy, who held free classes. Following a path similar to other young artists from Austria-Hungary, in 1891 and 1893–95, Thorma also went to Paris, where he studied at the Académie Julian.
Career.
His first significant painting, "Szenvedők" (The Bereaved), was exhibited at the Budapest Art Gallery, then at the Paris Salon in 1894. In 1896, on the occasion of the millennium of the Magyars' conquest of Pannonia, he presented his painting about The 13 Martyrs of Arad, "Aradi vértanúk" (The Martyrs of Arad), which gained him nationwide renown in Hungary. Many of his early works were large canvases on historical themes.
In 1896 he was one of the founders of the Nagybánya artists' colony, whose members included Simon Hollósy, Karoly Ferenczy, and Istvan Reti, who achieved international recognition. From 1902-27, he was a teacher at the Nagybánya Painters' Association, becoming its president in 1917. 
In 1898 Thorma began to paint "Talpra magyar!" (Rise up, Hungarian!), on which he worked intermittently almost to his death.
His first paintings were naturalistic, and an early inspiration was Jules Bastien-Lepage. Thorma used the artist's most popular work, the "Portrait of Sarah Bernhardt", in 1892 as a model in his own painting of Irén Biltz. Thorma's painting had the characteristic atmosphere of Art Nouveau. 
As a young man, Thorma felt that naturalism offered him too little to achieve his goals as a painter, and he was inspired by German romanticism (as shown in his "The Bereaved", 1892) and French classicism ("The Martyrs of Arad", 1893–94). In 1897, following a long trip to Western Europe, Thorma painted several Biblical subjects, including "Békesség veletek" – "Pax vobiscum", which show the influence of Rembrandt.
After 1900, Thorma's work turned toward realism: "Kocsisok között" (Among the Coachmen) (1902); "Október elsején" (On the First of October) (1903); "Kártyázók" (The Card-Players, 1904). In 1906-07 he showed influence from Spanish sources in his "Cigányutca" (The Gypsies' Street, 1907). He also was inspired by the French painter, Paul Gauguin, as shown in "Húsvéti kenyérszentelés" (The Blessing of the Bread) and "Templombamenők" (People Going toward Church), both "ca." 1910.
After 1920 Thorma developed his own "en plein air" style, based on his substantial knowledge of painting. He used certain elements of neo-classicism in such works as "Tavasz" (Spring, 1920) and "Fürdés után" (After Bathing, 1928). In the last decade of his life, he painted impressionistic landscapes and portraits.
In 1918 he took his historical works to Hungary, as he expected Romania to be invaded at the end of World War I. He stored them in Debrecen. 
When the Treaty of Trianon established a separate Kingdom of Romania incorporating the Nagybánya region, only Thorma remained in the town; the other Hungarian painters left. The government encouraged him to continue the naturalistic "official Nagybánya school," although his own work had developed in quite different ways.
In September 1929, Thorma, aged 59 and until then a bachelor, married Margit Kiss, a painting disciple and distant relative. He died in Baia Mare eight years later.
Since the late twentieth century, and the opening of the Eastern Bloc, there has been renewed attention given to the innovations of the Naybánya artists. In collaboration with other institutions, the Hungarian National Gallery has organized a major retrospective of Thorma's work, consisting of more than 100 pieces. Its title classifies him as a representative painter of the Barbizon school in Hungary. The exhibit opens in February 2013, through the collaboration of the "Art Museum in Nagybánya, the Janus Pannonius Museum in Pécs, the Móra Ferenc Museum in Szeged, the Déri Museum in Debrecen, the Herman Ottó Museum in Miskolc, the Katona József Museum in Kecskemét, and the Thorma János Museum in Kiskunhalas, as well as Hungarian, German and Romanian private collectors."

</doc>
<doc id="19339968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339968" title="Defeat American Aggression Badge">
Defeat American Aggression Badge

Defeat American Aggression Badge is a military badge given during the Vietnam War by North Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19339979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339979" title="Manuel Aroney">
Manuel Aroney

Manuel James Aroney AM, OBE, was an Australian academic and human rights advocate.
Early life.
Aroney was the only child, born on 31 August 1932, of Dimitrios and Stamatina Aronis (Aroney) who both were born in Aroniadika, Kythera, Greece. They met up again in Sydney, married in 1926 in Townsville and then opened the Central Cafe in Mackay, north Queensland, in 1928.
Career.
In 1975 he was foundation member of the Ethnic Communities' Council of NSW. From 1977-81 he was appointed by the Federal Government as a member of the National Ethnic Broadcasting Advisory Council, charged with advising the Commonwealth Government on multilingual electronic media. From 1978-81 he served as one of four members of the first Board of the Federal Governments Special Broadcasting Service, which made ethnic radio permanent across Australia and, with Bruce Gyngell, established the SBS television service. From 1981-83 he was a member of the Australian Institute of Multicultural Affairs. From 1981-86 he was a Commissioner of the Commonwealth Human Rights Commission. Its functions included: the review of legislation, investigation of complaints, and the undertaking of research and educational programmes affecting human rights (according to the Human Rights Commission Act 1981). He passed away Tuesday 15 February 2011.
In 1980 he was granted the honour O.B.E. (Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire) for services to the University and to the community (awarded by the Queen), and in 1989 he was awarded the A.M. (Member of the Order of Australia) given for services to multiculturalism and the Greek community.

</doc>
<doc id="19339988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339988" title="Mehdi Bahadori">
Mehdi Bahadori

Mehdi N. Bahadori (Persian: مهدی بهادری‌نژاد) (born 1933, Tehran) is a professor of mechanical engineering at Sharif University of Technology. His research specialties include solar energy applications and passive cooling of buildings.
Education.
Bahadori got his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Tehran in 1956; his Master of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1959; and his PhD from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1964.
Bibliography.
Publications by Bahadori include:

</doc>
<doc id="19339995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19339995" title="Lower Savage Islands">
Lower Savage Islands

The Lower Savage Islands are an uninhabited offshore island group of Baffin Island, located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. The islands lie in
Gabriel Strait, an arm of Hudson Strait, northwest of Resolution Island, and west of Edgell Island.
A V-shaped lake lies south of Savage Harbour .

</doc>
<doc id="19340044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340044" title="BP Boötis">
BP Boötis

BP Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19340053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340053" title="Amitabh Bhattacharjee">
Amitabh Bhattacharjee

Amitabh Bhattacharjee () (Born August 15, 1973) is a Bengali and Hindi film actor. He was born and brought up in Delhi. His Bengali debut film was Rasta directed by Bratya Basu with Mithun Chakraborty.

</doc>
<doc id="19340057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340057" title="National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Kolkata">
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Kolkata

The National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education & Research (NIPER), Kolkata, India is a national institute for the pharmaceutical education established by the government of India under "The National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (Amendment) Act, 2007".
It is located at the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata.
Objectives.
The objectives of NIPER are:

</doc>
<doc id="19340063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340063" title="Buramsan">
Buramsan

Buramsan is a mountain in South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the district of Nowon-gu in Seoul, the national capital, and the city of Namyangju, in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of . It also has a heliport at the second peak () .

</doc>
<doc id="19340066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340066" title="Muzaffar">
Muzaffar

Muzaffar or Muzaffer () may refer to:
People.
Sulaiman Muzaffar, Legend of Legends

</doc>
<doc id="19340098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340098" title="Route reconnaissance">
Route reconnaissance

Route Reconnaissance is the intelligence assessment of the operational environment in reconnaissance operations of routes for military use, including methods of reconnoitering and classifying them for other troops. In a Tactical Area of Responsibility during combat operations the primary purpose of conducting route reconnaissance is to find and report all enemy forces that can interfere with movement along a route, and to identify the limit of direct-fire range and terrain that dominates the route. Route reconnaissance includes creation of reconnaissance overlays to identify land and water features, bridge reconnaissance and classification, road reconnaissance and classification, special terrain reconnaissance such as that used during cross-country movement, at the landing areas, on the inland waterways, or when using footpaths and trails, engineer reconnaissance, and use of military route signs (standard signs, sign lighting, bridge signs). A significant part of route reconnaissance is the ability to identify choke points that prohibit military traffic by using conversion factors and tables to identify non-standard surfaces or inadequate load bearing in structure. To do so, Military Load Classifications are used for standard vehicles of a given armed force. Route reconnaissance is typically conducted by a foot, horse or vehicle-mounted route reconnaissance patrol, sometimes with aid of aerial reconnaissance aircraft. The patrol would include regular reconnaissance elements and a combat engineering team.

</doc>
<doc id="19340105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340105" title="Azizli">
Azizli

Azizli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19340124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340124" title="Stan Brittain">
Stan Brittain

Arthur Stanley "Stan" Brittain (born 4 October 1931) was an English racing cyclist who rode time-trials, road races and the track. He won a silver medal at the 1956 Melbourne Olympic games, came third in the 1955 Peace Race and finished the 1958 Tour de France.
Biography.
Brittain was born in the Knotty Ash district of Liverpool. He joined the Woolton Wheelers and by the end of 1950 had ridden 1h 11m 45s in the East Liverpool Wheelers Novices' 25-mile time-trial. He won his first race at the distance in 1h 7m 45s wearing plimsolls and a flapping shirt.
Brittain was called up to the army to start his national service in 1952. There he made up an Army team with Brian Robinson and Jim Grieves. He also became known as the nephew of Regimental Sergeant Major Brittain, who was reputed to have the loudest voice on a British army drill ground.
Cycling competitions.
The army entered him for races and his showing led to his first national selection, in a "B" team for the An Tóstal stage race in Ireland in 1953. Bad weather meant that 58 riders quit the race and 16 finished. Brittain was among the non-finishers. He was picked to ride for Britain in the 1954 UCI Road World Championships at Solingen, near Cologne, Germany. He rode with Bill Baty, Ray Booty, John Perks, Bernard Pusey and Don Sanderson. Brittain crashed on the seventh lap and finished 12 minutes behind the leaders.
Peace race.
In 1955 Great Britain picked Stan Brittain to ride the Peace Race, the Soviet bloc's amateur version of the Tour de France. He came second on the first day and next day took the lead. He held it until the seventh stage, when he lost it to Gustav Schur of East Germany. Brittain slipped to third on the ninth day. Schur won and Brittain came third.
In 1956 Brittain was again selected to represent Great Britain. He came ninth on the first day but then he slipped further behind and dropped out at the start of stage six. 
In 1957 he won two stages and half the intermediate prizes, or primes, offered to the first rider through cities along the route. 
In 1958 he finished ninth.
1956 Olympics.
Brittain represented Great Britain at the 1956 Summer Olympics that were held in Melbourne. He competed in both the Men's Individual Road Race, where he finished in sixth position, and in the Men's Team Road Race, wher Great Britain finished second and he won a silver medal.
Tour de France.
Jacques Goddet, organiser of the Tour de France, invited Britain to send riders in 1958. Brittain, Brian Robinson and Ron Coe were to ride with Shay Elliott of Ireland, an Austrian, a Dane and two Portuguese. Brittain rode a 'Witcombe Cycles' bike. The British and Elliott rode as a team within a team. Robinson won the stage into Brest and Brittain finished 68th at 3h 3m 5s. He said in an interview in Cycling:
Brittain was an independent, a semi-professional. He rode for Viking Cycles in Britain for the first months of 1959, then left to live off the prizes he could win in Belgium. He didn't ride the Tour de France because of a broken wrist.
He rode on the continent again in 1960 and started the Tour de France.
He stayed in Belgium and rode criteriums, local races with an engagement fee, until the end of summer.
He abandoned the Tour again in 1961, when it reached the mountains and rode until the end of 1964 in Britain and then stopped racing when he was 33.
Honours.
In 1957 Stan Brittain was awarded the "Golden Cycle" by Merseyside Cycling Development.
In February 1988 he was presented with a silver pin by Anne, Princess Royal commemorating his achievements in the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19340140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340140" title="Wonga">
Wonga

Wonga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19340141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340141" title="Douglas C. Gordon">
Douglas C. Gordon

Douglas Cameron Gordon, commonly known as Doug Gordon, (1956 – October 16, 1998) was an American whitewater kayaker, who was a member of the U.S. Slalom Team from 1981 to 1987, and a chemist. Gordon died in Eastern Tibet when he and three other paddlers attempted the first descent of the Tsangpo River.
Kayaking.
Gordon was a member of the U.S. Slalom Team from 1981 to 1987. He obtained several medals from the National Championships and qualified four times for the Whitewater Slalom World Championships.
In 1995 and 1996, Gordon participated in expeditions to British Columbia, with Jamie McEwan and E.J. McCarthy on the Homathko River and with McEwan and Mark Clarke on the Dean River, respectively.
When Gordon heard about the death of slalom kayaker Richie Weiss' death in 1997, he wrote according to Jamie McEwan that "running hard whitewater is dangerous, and that those doing so must accept that danger as the price of pursuing their sport at a high level."
copy at: Accident Database: Accident #522 at "American Whitewater" (retrieved 31 July 2013)</ref>
Expedition to the Tsangpo: The first 10 days.
In 1998, Gordon participated in an expedition to the Tibetan river Tsangpo (named the Brahmaputra River in its lower course), sponsored by National Geographic. The team of middle-aged paddlers also included the brothers Jamie McEwan (Olympic slalom bronze medalist in 1972) and Tom McEwan (former slalom racer, with first descent experience including the Great Falls of the Potomac), and Roger Zbel. Three of them would use expedition kayaks, one a whitewater canoe. Gordon was the most experienced of the team, but all were considered expert river runners. A ground crew of five completed the expedition. Their plan was to accomplish the first descent of a 140 mile (225 km) section of the Tsangpo, passing the deepest river gorge on earth, the more than 4877 meter (16,000 ft) deep gorge between 7782-meter Namjagbarwa Feng and 7194-meter Gyala Peri. The paddlers had planned up to six weeks for the descent.
When the team arrived, they found that the Tsangpo had a medium-high flow, much higher than when Wicklife W. "Wick" Walker (the expedition leader) and Tom McEwan had scouted it the previous fall at about ; the volume now supposedly reached , three times what the expedition team had expected. The reasons were the year's severe monsoon season and the la niña phenomenon. In fact, the water levels had already dramatically decreased in the days before the team arrived: Jamie McEwan estimated from the look of the banks that a few weeks earlier, the highest waterline had been about 3-6 vertical meters higher; and only ten days earlier, German kayaker Lukas Blucher had estimated a flow of , whereas Jamie McEwan estimated only when they arrived. While the team was there, the water levels continued to drop, by about 5–10 cm per day, but the current remained very strong. This later led to criticism from some of the paddling community, who "considered water level suicidal." Apart from the water flow, the difficulty of the river is caused by the relatively steep average river gradient of 1.23%.
The team decided to stick nonetheless to their plan of running the parts of the Tsangpo which they could, and carry their boats where they could not, even though they now expected a larger portion of hiking. As planned, the four paddlers would run or hike the gorge by themselves, carrying their own equipment and food for 15 days. The ground team would meet them further downriver. As a result, the boats had to be loaded with provisions for several days, which may have made "the kayaks ungainly and hard to maneuver," at least compared to expeditions with a larger support crew to carry equipment and provisions for the paddlers.
On October 5, 1998, the paddlers started their run at the town of Pei. They kept scouting far ahead before running sections of the river. Even where they boated, they usually stayed to the sides of the Tsangpo to avoid the powerful main current, which was so strong that they rarely found places where they could safely ferry over to the other side of the river.
After two days, Jamie McEwan slid from the rocks on the river side into the water before having completely secured his spraydeck. When his boat flipped over, water entered and made it impossible to upright the boat. Jamie McEwan exited his boat and swam to shore, but his boat and equipment were swept downstream. They were found and taken by Tibetan hunters and pilgrims to Gyala, which the paddlers reached four days into their river run, with McEwan hiking the last two days. After Gyala, the river was expected to be even steeper, based on topological information of the paddlers.
Expedition to the Tsangpo: Death.
On October 16, after of the originally intended route, the team advanced and scouted on the river-left ledge. Tom McEwan was to remain at a lower part of the river to film the descent of the other three and be able to throw a safety line (throw rope) in the case of an emergency, a standard safety procedure in whitewater paddling. Gordon was the first to paddle the section. He chose a route over a waterfall of , hugging the river-left, in order to boof (skip over) a rock at its bottom and land in an eddy current (calmer water) beneath. At the foot of the waterfall, however, he was pulled into a hydraulic in the middle of the falls' bottom and flipped over. He did not manage to upright his boat ("roll up") at once, but was flushed out of the hydraulic, towards the middle of the Tsangpo—passing approximately from Tom McEwan, far out of reach of the safety line. At the bottom of the falls was a stretch of approximately of calmer water. If Gordon had managed to right his boat at this point, he could still have paddled to safety. Two further roll attempts failed, however, and he was swept into a succession of rapids which Tom McEwan later described as "a certainly fatal series of recirculating hydraulics." His team members later conjectured that Gordon had not managed to roll up because he had been partly pulled out of his boat, as had happened to him once before earlier on the trip. Neither Gordon nor his kayak was seen again.
The other three paddlers started a search for Gordon. Tom McEwan and Zbel hastened down the river ledge while Jamie McEwan emptied his boat, carried it down the difficult section, and joined the search on the water. The following days, the three continued the search for Gordon's remains downriver. Walker and another ground team member, who had been informed via satellite telephone, went to the river and searched further downriver.
On October 20, the three paddlers and the ground team members met below the place where the accident had occurred. Gordon was presumed dead, family and authorities informed, and the search discontinued. The expedition was called off, and after a small ceremony for Gordon, the expedition members left on the most direct route, consisting in seven days of hiking and three days of driving to Lhasa.
A memorial service for Gordon was held in Cornwall, Connecticut, on November 21, 1998.
Further Tsangpo kayaking expeditions.
Already in 1993, Japanese kayaker Takei Yoshitaka had died on the Tsangpo, within of his put-in near the confluence with the Po Tsangpo River. His and Gordon's death helped to create the ill fame of the Tsangpo as a particularly difficult, if not unrunnable river; some use the catchphrases "Everest of whitewater" or "Everest of Rivers."
The next expedition to the Tsangpo was started in the winter of 2002, well after the monsoon season and before the snow melted. Kayaker Scott Lindgren employed an international crew of 87 people from seven countries to support the descent of several paddlers.
Video and books on the expedition to the Tsangpo.
Some of the film material of the expedition was later published as a documentary, aired in the USA on the Discovery Channel. Dedicated to Gordon, the film included footage that Tom McEwan shot right before Gordon's death. This part of the documentary, which has also found its way onto the internet, gives a somewhat misleading account of the circumstances of Gordon's death, as evidenced by online comments on the video. First, a voice-over claims that the water level of the Tsangpo had not been this high "in decades", without mentioning that the level had already dramatically dropped before the paddlers even arrived at the river. In addition, video from briefly before Gordon's death shows how he approached the waterfall, and how his boat was sucked into the hydraulic at the bottom of the fall, flipped over, and finally flushed out. As the video ends there, it evokes the false impression that he died in the hydraulic of the waterfall. The voice of one of the other three paddlers is heard, however, commenting on the moment when Gordon was swept into the hydraulics in the middle of the river: "I saw him disappear into the first hole, and I never saw him again." 
Two books were written on the expedition, one of them by expedition leader Walker.
Career in chemistry and private life.
Gordon obtained a degree from Harvard University. He later lived in Kinburn, Ontario, and then in Cornwall Bridge, Connecticut, where he worked for Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. At the time of his death his was a doctoral candidate at the University of Utah. Gordon had received a National Science Foundation Fellowship in chemistry, had published 15 scientific articles on chemistry (some of them before starting his doctoral studies), and was registered as inventor or co-inventor on four U.S. patents during his lifetime and on one patent post-mortem.
He was married and had two sons, aged 2 and 5 at the time of his death.
Selected publications in chronological order.
post-mortem:
U.S. Patents.
post-mortem:

</doc>
<doc id="19340143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340143" title="Nate Ruess">
Nate Ruess

Nathaniel Joseph "Nate" Ruess (born February 26, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter and musician, best known as the lead vocalist of indie rock band Fun.
Early life.
Ruess was born on February 26, 1982, in Iowa City, Iowa. He is the younger of two children of Bess Zinger and Larry Ruess. His sister, Elizabeth, is one year older. His uncle, John Ruess, was a performer on Broadway.
In 1986, his family moved to a farm in Glendale, Arizona, due to repeated bouts of pneumonia Ruess faced as a child. This is alluded to in Fun.'s song "The Gambler" from their debut album, "Aim and Ignite". Ruess remained in Arizona throughout his childhood. He attended Deer Valley High School and graduated in 2000. He joined punk bands in high school (Nevergonnascore, This Past Year) and upon graduation chose to pursue music. In an interview with American Songwriter Ruess states, "I'm not one to take lessons, so I decided that the only way I was going to learn how to sing, if what they were saying was true, was to go in my car and put on any sort of music from a vocalist that might be really hard to mimic, turn it on as loud as possible and try to hit all those notes". He took a job in a law firm as a way to support himself while he pursued his musical ambitions.
Circa 1998, Ruess was the vocalist for Nevergonnascore, releasing an EP, "The Byron Sessions". The band played regularly at the Nile Theater in Mesa, Arizona. In 2001, at the age of 19, he launched the band The Format with his longtime best friend, Sam Means. The Format was his first musical endeavor to gain widespread attention.
Career.
2001–2008: The Format.
After forming in 2001, The Format released a demo, titled "EP", which generated local interest and led to the band's being signed to Elektra Records in 2002. They released their first studio album, "Interventions + Lullabies", on October 21, 2003, leading to more local mainstream success. The band's fanbase began to grow. The Format released their second EP, "Snails", with Atlantic Records in April 2005. However, while working on their second album, "Dog Problems", they were dropped from Atlantic. They eventually created their own label, The Vanity Label, and released the album on July 11, 2006. On February 4, 2008, Ruess announced through the band's blog that The Format would not be making another album.
2008–present: Fun..
Immediately after the split of The Format, Ruess contacted Jack Antonoff of Steel Train and Andrew Dost, formerly of Anathallo, to form a new band called Fun. They released their first demo, "Benson Hedges", through "Spin"s September 20, 2009, article. Four months after releasing their first single, "At Least I'm Not as Sad (As I Used to Be)", through Myspace on April 6, 2009, Fun. released their first studio album, entitled "Aim and Ignite". Despite receiving generally positive reviews, the album was not a commercial success, peaking at 71 on the "Billboard" 200.
The band's first tour happened in 2008 supporting Jack's Mannequin and gained exposure opening for them as well as Paramore in 2010. On August 4, 2010, Fun announced that they had been signed to the Fueled by Ramen label.
Their second album, "Some Nights", was released on February 21, 2012, and featured production by Jeff Bhasker. The album's first single, "We Are Young", which features guest singer Janelle Monáe, was released September 20, 2011. The song was covered on "Glee" in December 2011 and featured in Spanish on a Taco Bell commercial during the Super Bowl in February 2012, and reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on March 8, 2012. The album has become a success throughout the world, selling hundreds of thousands of copies. The album's title song, "Some Nights", reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached number 1 on the Alternative Songs chart.
On February 10, 2013, the band won a Grammy for their song "We Are Young". Upon receiving the Grammy, Ruess commented, "I don't know what I was thinking writing the chorus for this song. If this is in HD, everyone can see our faces and we are not very young. We've been doing this for 12 years and I just got to say we could not do this without the help of all the fans that we've had keeping us afloat for the last 12 years." Fun also won the Grammy for Best New Artist.
Alongside Fun, Ruess has been a supporting vocalist for many different songs across genres. In 2012 he was featured on "Only Love" from Anthony Green's second solo album, "Beautiful Things", in 2011 was part of a split single "C'mon" with Panic! At The Disco, and in 2013 was featured on Pink's album, "The Truth About Love", in the song "Just Give Me a Reason". The song began as a simple songwriting session with Pink. She decided the song needed another side to it and subsequently a male part was written. While at first reluctant, with Pink encouraging him, he decided to participate in the duet. The song eventually topped the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first number-one single as a solo artist and his second overall. After the success of "Just Give Me a Reason", Ruess was featured on Eminem's eighth studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2", released on November 5, 2013 on the track "Headlights".
Behind the scenes, Ruess also cowrote "Die Young", the lead single from Kesha's second studio album, "Warrior" and "Goodness Gracious" by Ellie Goulding.
Discography.
"See also": Fun discography

</doc>
<doc id="19340145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340145" title="Qarğalıq">
Qarğalıq

Qarğalıq or Kargalyk or Qargalig may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19340150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340150" title="Dagdu Maruti Pawar">
Dagdu Maruti Pawar

Daya Pawar or Dagdu Maruti Pawar (1935–20 December 1996) was born to a Mahar Dalit family in Dhamangaon (Taluka: Akole, District: Ahmednagar, Maharashtra, India), was a Marathi author and poet known for his contributions to Dalit literature that dealt with the atrocities experienced by the dalits or untouchables under the Hindu caste system. 
Works.
Baluta.
He gained fame for his autobiographical 1978 novel "Baluta" () written as a story by Dagdu Pawar being told to the more literate Daya Pawar, with both being personas of the author. The novel recounts the "experiences of an untouchable struggling for a peaceful existence, mentally tormented but incapable of retaliation in word and deed." There was "strong anti-Dalit reaction" when it was published in Maharashtra.
"Baluta" created ripples in the literature circles and earned him many awards at all levels, including one from the Ford Foundation. It got translated into several languages. The strengths of the book are the simple, straightforward and to-the-point portrayal and a transparent realistic illustration of the ethos around him. This book created a new genre in Marathi literature. Many autobiographical books talking about harsh experiences hard realities were written after "Baluta". What is special about Daya Pawar is his use of language which is not merely that of revolt but of a deeply introspecting analytical intellectual. 
Deshpande reviews Baluta: "On reading this book the cataract of blind traditions stuck to our eyes that makes us unaware of facts will melt away in the tears that fill our eyes on seeing this horrifying reality will emerge new rays of hope. Reader will then seek to be more humane henceforth in life, What else is the intent of all good literature? Creating new kinship among mankind and free the society from artificial and vexing bonds, right? The same can be said for all Pawar’s literature."
Poetry and other work.
Although he earned fame through his autobiographical prose in "Baluta", poetry was his forte. He gave expression to the oppression of the Dalits through his verse. 
""Shilekhali haat hota, tari nahi phodla hambarda,<br>
Kitr janmachi kaid, kuni nirmila ha kondvada""<br>
(The hand was crushed under a stone, yet no outcry was heard<br>
How many generations of imprisonment? Who created this prison?)
With effective verses like the above from his first collections of poems "Kondvada", he voiced the atrocities and oppression faced by generations of Dalit. Published in 1974, "Kondvada" earned him a literary award from the State.
Among his other famous works are "Chavdi" and "Dalit Jaanivaa", two of his compilation of articles, and "Vittal", a collection of short stories. He wrote the screenplay for Jabbar Patel’s film "Dr. Ambedkar". He was appointed with the National Film Development Corporation. Pawar won the prestigious Padmashri award the Government of India.
Pawar’s writing’s reflects his active participation in the social, cultural and literary movements on the national level, his avid following of foreign literature, analytical and contemplative thinking, unwavering stance, deep understanding and empathy towards social happenings and issues. His work was highly effective. He received some amount of recognition by way of awards. But due to oppressive circumstances, he suffered mentally and physically in his personal life. It is this perennial suffering that comes through sharply in his writings. One of his poems gives a feel for his suffering:
""Dukhaana gadgadtaana he zhaad me paahilela<br>
Tashi yaachi mule kholvar boudhivrukshaasaarkhi<br>
Boudhivrukshaala phula tari aali<br>
He Zhaad saaryaa rutut kolpun gelela<br>
Dhamani dhamanit phutu paahnaaryaa yaatanaa<br>
Mahaarogyaachyaa botsanssarkhi zadleli paane <br>
He khod kasla? Phandiphandila jakhadleli kubdi<br>
Maran yet naahi mhanun marankalaa sosnaara<br>
Dukhaana gadgadtaanaa he zhaad me paahila""
(I have seen this tree tremble in pain<br>
Albeit the tree has deep roots like the Bodhi tree<br>
The Bodhi tree at least bore flowers<br>
This tree though is withered in all seasons<br>
Pain trying to burst through its very pore<br>
Leaves withered like those of a leper’s fingers<br>
What is this disease? Crutches hung on every branch <br>
Death does not befall and so bearing the pains of death<br>
I have seen this tree tremble in pain)

</doc>
<doc id="19340154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340154" title="Trinity Lyceum School, Kollam">
Trinity Lyceum School, Kollam

The Trinity Lyceum Higher Secondary School was founded in 1966 in the Kollam District by the Late Bishop of Quilon, Rt. Rev. Dr. Jerome. M. Fernandez. Trinity Lyceum educates people in the Kollam District in the fields of Arts, Commerce, Technology and Science

</doc>
<doc id="19340193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340193" title="N. F. Varghese">
N. F. Varghese

N. F. Varghese (1949–2002) was a Malayalam film actor. He began his career as a mimicry artist in Kalabhavan, acting in minor roles, but later he turned to strong villain roles. Akashadoothu was his major break through in career, which was his third film. He has acted in more than 100 films. He died at the age of 53 when he suffered cardiac arrest and fell unconscious while driving. He is survived by his wife, 3 daughters and a son.
Family.
He was married to Rosi. The couple have 4 children named Sofia, Sony, Sumitha and Saira.

</doc>
<doc id="19340195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340195" title="Keyuan">
Keyuan

Keyuan (), located at Boxia (博厦), Guancheng District, West Dongguan city, is one of the Four Great Gardens of Guangdong in China. Ke Yuan represents the Lingnan garden architecture.
Keyuan was built during the Qing Dynasty by Zhang Jingxiu. Construction started in 1850 and was finished by 1858. After that, Keyuan has been expanded and reconstructed a few times.
Zhang Jingxiu was first and second assigned as Anchashi (按察使) of the Guangxi and Jiangxi provinces by a Qing dynasty emperor. (A Qing officer rank which corresponds to a vice governor nowadays.) After he retired and returned to his home town Dongguan he lived in Keyuan.
Zhang was good at and fond of Chinese writing, painting, chess, poetry, antiquing, stone collecting, etc. He invited friends, poets, scholars and painters to gather in Keyuan. And that’s how Keyuan became one of the origins of Guangdong culture.
Compared with the other three gardens, the significance of Ke Yuan is far beyond just being a private own garden. Keyuan could be considered the origin of Lingnan culture, for example, the famous lingnan style painting (a major branch of Chinese painting) was originated in Keyuan.

</doc>
<doc id="19340206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340206" title="My First Night with You">
My First Night with You

"My First Night with You" is a ballad by American recording artist Mýa. It served as Harrison’s third and final single from her self-titled debut studio album. The song was written by Kenneth “Babyface” Edmonds and Diane Warren. Originally featured on Deborah Cox’s self-titled studio album (1995); Harrison re-recorded the track for her studio album. The album’s version was produced by Daryl Simmons; allowing Harrison to put her own spin on the record, while the Ric Wake pop produced version was marketed at pop and adult contemporary radio. The lyrics of the ballad speak of a non-sexual experience with a man.
The song received generally mixed reviews from contemporary music critics, commenting the thinness of Harrison’s voice. My First Night with You became a Top Forty hit on "Billboard"’s Hot 100 and R&B Singles chart; peaking at number twenty-eight. The single was not given an international release.
The song’s accompanying music video was filmed by G. Thomas Ferguson and University Music CEO Haqq Islam. It featured a cameo by Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs portraying Harrison’s father.
Reception.
"Billboard" magazine gave the song a positive review:
Chart performance.
In the United States, My First Night with You debuted at number ninety on "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the issue dated week of March 20, 1999. It ascended from 90-66 in its second week for the issue dated week of March 27, 1999. The song reached its peak at number twenty-eight for issue dated week of April 17, 1999 ascending from 46-28. It spent a total of 14 consecutive weeks on the chart and Harrison's second single with a short life span on the Hot 100 behind Fallen (2003) with 12 consecutive weeks. It performed the same on "Billboard"’s Hot R&B Singles chart. The song made its debuted at number eighty-nine issue dated week of March 13, 1999. It rose from 85-35 in its second week issue dated week of March 20, 1999.It spent 19 consecutive weeks on the chart. My First Night with You reached its peak at number twenty-eight issue dated week of April 17, 1999. It became Harrison’s third consecutive Top 40 hit (solo) on both charts.
Music video.
Background & Development.
In the video, Mýa tries to convince her father that her date is a good guy before they head out for a big night on the town. The whirlwind evening concludes with Mýa and her beau falling asleep on a beach. The clip included an appearance by rapper Saafir, whom audiences may recognize from his small role as "Harold" in 1993's "Menace II Society".

</doc>
<doc id="19340209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340209" title="Yongmabong">
Yongmabong

Yongmabong is a mountain in Seoul, South Korea. It extends across Guui-dong and Junggok-dong in the district of Gwangjin-gu. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19340222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340222" title="Olivier Sitruk">
Olivier Sitruk

Olivier Sitruk (born December 25, 1970 in Nice, Alpes-Maritimes, France), is a French comedian, actor, and producer, who has appeared in 44 films and television shows.
After considering a career as an archaeologist, he changed his mind and discovered a passion for theater in high school. At age 16, he began his acting career, enrolling in the Conservatoire National de Nice.
He made his English-language movie premiere in 2008, starring alongside Shirley MacLaine and Barbora Bobulova in the Lifetime original biographical film, "Coco Chanel". The television movie debuted on September 13, 2008 with a viewership of 5.2 million, the second-highest rated made-for-TV film of 2008. Sitruk played Boy Capel, a self-made man who was "the love of [Chanel's] life."
He is related to actor Jules Sitruk and former Chief Rabbi of France Joseph Sitruk. He has been married with actress Alexandra London since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19340232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340232" title="Maurice Breton">
Maurice Breton

Maurice Breton (born August 15, 1909 in Joliette, Quebec, Canada-died June 3, 2001) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was acclaimed after the resignation of Georges-Émile Lapalme to the Canadian House of Commons in a 1950 by-election as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Joliette—l'Assomption—Montcalm. He was re-elected in 1953 and 1957 and lost the election of 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19340240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340240" title="Groat">
Groat

Groat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19340261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340261" title="Microsystems (magazine)">
Microsystems (magazine)

Microsystems was a personal computing magazine founded by Sol Libes and published from January 1980 to November 1984. Oriented toward the home and business personal computer user, it included an editorial page, letters from readers, technical articles, and advertisements. As a historical reference, it is notable for chronicling in detail the early days of the personal computer. Topics covered in its issues included:
History.
As the nascent personal computer industry grew, the magazine changed as well. The front cover of the magazine adopted various titles throughout its history:
In 1983, Ziff-Davis took over publication of the magazine, but decided in September 1984 to stop publication, citing "poor circulation and lack of substantial growth potential". The circulation at that time was about 55,000.
Sol Libes resumed publication of the magazine under a new title in March 1985, as Micro/Systems Journal () "for the Advanced Computer User".

</doc>
<doc id="19340304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340304" title="Smart tower">
Smart tower

The SMART Tower or “Sustainable Modern Art Tower”, is a proposed building in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States. The building would stand at a height of , making it, by far, the tallest building in the city. The tower design includes an observation deck, restaurant, ballroom and parking garage with 600 spaces. Designed by Eric Cugnart of MulvannyG2 Architecture, the plans also have more than 250 wind turbines to generate power, saving the city roughly one million dollars a year in energy. If approved, the tower will be developed by Derek Hanna and be built in Portland's waterfront park. Originally planned for the old Portland Visitors Information Center at Tom McCall Waterfront Park, the city chose an alternate plan for redevelopment of that location.

</doc>
<doc id="19340308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340308" title="Kofi Esaw">
Kofi Esaw

Kofi Esaw is a Togolese politician and diplomat who has served in the government of Togo as Minister of Justice since 2013. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2008 to 2010 and subsequently served as diplomatic adviser to President Faure Gnassingbé.
Career.
Esaw was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Regional Cooperation on 15 September 2008 as part of the government headed by Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo. He had previously been the Ambassador of Togo to Ethiopia for four years, beginning on 29 September 2004; while serving as Ambassador to Ethiopia, he was also Togo's Ambassador to the African Union, which is headquartered in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Esaw was appointed as Ambassador to Ethiopia in early August 2004. During the diplomatic crisis that followed the death of Togolese President Gnassingbé Eyadéma in February 2005, Esaw defended the succession of Eyadema's son, Faure Gnassingbé, at a meeting of the African Union. According to Esaw, the father-son succession, which was widely deemed unconstitutional, was necessary because Togo faced "a very dangerous situation", saying that "there was the prospect of unrest and the only way to avoid the unrest was to take the action we did." The African Union's disapproval of the succession led to its decision to suspend Togo from the organization at the same meeting; Esaw was asked to leave the meeting following the suspension.
Esaw was appointed as Minister of Justice and Relations with the Institutions of the Republic on 17 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19340313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340313" title="Natural gas in Alaska">
Natural gas in Alaska

The State of Alaska is both a producer and consumer of natural gas. In 2006, Alaska consumed 180.4 Bcf of natural gas.
Alaskan gas wells are located in two regions. The largest source is the North Slope area around Prudhoe Bay where gas was discovered along with oil in 1968. In 1974 the State of Alaska's Division of Geological & Geophysical Surveys estimated that the field held of natural gas. Because there is no way to transport the Prudhoe Bay gas to markets, as gas comes out of the wells, it is separated from the oil stream and reinjected into the ground to maintain the oil reservoir pressures. There are several proposals to transport the Prudhoe Bay gas. See, Alaska Gas Pipeline.
The second source is located on the Kenai Peninsula on the South coast of Alaska. There are probable gas reserves of 1,726.4 Bcf in this area. Most of this gas is exported to Japan through a liquefied natural gas terminal located on the Cook Inlet. The Cook Inlet basin contains large oil and gas deposits including several offshore fields. As of 2005 there were 16 platforms in Cook Inlet, the oldest of which is the "XTO A" platform first installed by Shell in 1964, and newest of which is the "Osprey" platform installed by Forest Oil in 2000. Most of the platforms are operated by Union Oil which was acquired by Chevron in 2005. There are also numerous oil and gas pipelines running around and under the Cook Inlet. The main destinations of the gas pipelines are to Kenai where the gas is primarily used to fuel commercial fertilizer production and a liquified natural gas (LNG) plant and to Anchorage where the gas is consumed largely for domestic uses.
ConocoPhillips and Marathon operate the LNG terminal under a series of two-year long licenses issued by the U.S. Department of Energy under Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act. When these companies applied for another two-year extension of the license, various Alaskan entities, including the local fertizer plant opposed the application on the grounds that there was not sufficient gas to meet local requirements as well as the proposed exports. The Agrium fertilizer plant claimed it closed because it could not obtain a gas supply. On June 3, 2008, the Department of Energy granted the extension having found that there were sufficient supplies for Alaska's needs.
Gas pipeline.
The State of Alaska has adopted legislation which would provide $500 million of start-up funding for a new pipeline to transport Prudhoe Bay gas. The selected proposal from TransCanada Corp. would go through Canada without connecting to the existing natural gas system in Southern Alaska. However, three Boroughs have formed the Alaskan Gasline Port Authority to build a line from Prudhoe Bay to Valdez that would connect to the existing system.
The gas pipeline has emerged as an issue in the 2008 United States elections, because Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin has cited her actions on the gas pipeline as evidence of "standing up to Big Oil" while her opponents claim it is a political reward to her political supporter TransCanada Corp.

</doc>
<doc id="19340323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340323" title="LAPAN XT-400">
LAPAN XT-400

__NOTOC__
The LAPAN XT-400, ("Lembaga Penerbangan dan Antariksa Nasional" - National Institute of Aeronautics and Space), was a twin-engine STOL utility aircraft under development by the government of Indonesia in the late 1970s into early 1980s. The programme was cancelled without the prototype having been completed or flown. It was to have provided passenger and cargo transport from rough and unprepared fields, with secondary roles as an aerial survey platform and air ambulance. 
The design itself was that of a conventional, strut-braced, high-wing monoplane, similar in general appearance to the Britten-Norman Islander, but with an upswept rear fuselage to provide for clamshell cargo doors underneath the tail. The main units of the fixed, tricycle undercarriage were carried on short stub-wings on the lower fuselage, which also provided the attachment points for the wing struts. This arrangement allowed the fuselage to maintain a rectangular cross-section along its length without landing gear components or attachment points intruding into the cargo space. The original design was for an eight-seat aircraft, but a follow-on version with 12 seats was anticipated. Had it flown, the XT-400 would have been the first aircraft of Indonesian design to carry more than three people. Construction throughout was of metal.
Work on the prototype commenced in 1977, with a first flight anticipated in 1980. This, however, was not to be, and the XT-400 project was cancelled in 1981 with the prototype still unfinished. 

</doc>
<doc id="19340343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340343" title="Nasim al-Safarjalani">
Nasim al-Safarjalani

Nasim Al Safarjalani (1935–1994) (in Arabic نسيم السفرجلاني) comes from a prominent Arab Syrian family (Al Safarjalani) from Damascus, Syria.
Origins and youth.
Historian Salah ad-Din Al Safarjalani records that Nasim Al Safarjalani was born in Damascus in 1935, the son of a reasonably well-off Sunni Muslim Arab Army Officer. His family was religious and many of his recent ancestors had been ulama and preachers in the district's Umayyad Mosque. Al Safarjalani thus grew up in a conservative family atmosphere, and attended an early education at the Tajhiz al-Ula where Salah ad-Din al-Bitar was his teacher with Michel Aflaq, both founders of the Arab Ba'ath Party in the early 1940s. He was also exposed to the political vicissitudes of the time, as his father Asaf Al Safarjalani (in Arabic آصف السفرجلاني) had a leading role in the Great Syrian Revolution of 1925 against the French, who were then the mandatory power in Syria.
Early political activity.
A distinguished attorney at young age, Al Safarjalani was on a path to a prominent public life and a rising figure in the Syrian political arena. Quickly he was recognized and admired among his peers and was named for several government posts, among them, General Secretary of the Presidential Council and Governor of Latakia Province.
Nasim Al Safarjalani became the youngest ever Syrian Governor in the modern history of Syria. He held his post as Governor of Latakia at age 28. His performance was spectacular. To this date, the people of Latakia Province regard Al Safarjalani as the most distinguished Governor of Latakia Province since independence.
Downfall, exile and death.
On 23 February1966 a bloody coup d'état led by leftist Ba'athist faction headed by Chief of Staff Salah Jadid, overthrew the Syrian Government. A late warning telegram of the coup d'état was sent from President Gamal Abdel Nasser to Nasim Al Safarjalani (The General Secretary of Presidential Council), on the early morning of the coup d'état. The coup sprung out of factional rivalry between Jadid's "regionalist" ("qutri") camp of the Ba'ath Party, which promoted ambitions for a Greater Syria and the more traditionally pan-Arab, in power faction, called the "nationalist" ("qawmi") faction. Jadid's supporters were also seen as more radically left-wing. 
Al Safarjalani was sentenced to death "in absentia" by a special military court headed by later Syrian Defence Minister, Mustafa Tlass, and Interim Syrian President and Vice President of Syria Abdul Halim Khaddam, as prosecutor. Al Safarjalani managed to make his escape and flee to Beirut. In 1969 another court condemned Al Safarjalani to death in absentia. He was never pardoned even when President Hafez al-Assad came to power. A return to Damascus was never reconciled and an agreement was never reached with al-Assad. He was also rumored to be in contact with Syrian opposition figures in Baghdad.
At the age of 31, Nasim Al Safarjalani was forced into exile. Several of Al Safarjalani's colleagues were assassinated (Salah ad-Din al-Bitar, Muhammad Umran), hence Al Safarjalani fled from one country to another. Members of the party's other fractions fled; Michel Aflaq was captured and detained, along with other members of the party's historic leadership. When the new rulers launched a purge in August that year, Al Safarjalani and Malek Bashour, Aflaq's close trusted friends and colleagues, managed to help Aflaq make his escape, and hence Aflaq was able to flee to Beirut. 
A few months later, Al Safarjalani escaped through Al Zabadani mountain area in Syria to Lebanon. A journey described as a three day on foot struggle. Al Safarjalani was never able to return to his country. In 1994 Al Safarjalani died in exile.
As an Arab politician he set an example to the people of Syria and to the Arab world to the nature of political life in Modern Syria and several other Arab states.
Notes.
Akram al-Hawrani, http://www.jablah.com/modules/news/article.php?storyid=2265
Shibli al-Aysami, http://www.alrasidalarabi.com/10-2006/Madi17.htmShibli Al Aysami, http://www.alrasidalarabi.com/Madi1.htm
Dandashli pp. 340–341
Dandashli pp. 365–366
Mohammad Farouk Moneer, https://www.sandroses.com/abbs/t68721/
http://alhiwaradimocraty.free.fr/3-06-08-1.htm
http://www.ahewar.org/debat/show.art.asp?aid=67611

</doc>
<doc id="19340347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340347" title="New Zealand Representative Party">
New Zealand Representative Party

The New Zealand Representative Party was a political party in New Zealand. The party's leader was former ACT Party candidate Reg Turner.
The party claimed to have no policies, and to oppose traditional left-right politics. Despite these claims, it also promoted populist referenda, deregulation, compulsory military service, "stopping the culture for young unmarried women to have babies", and restricting the welfare state. It is thus better described as a right-wing party.
The NZRP believes list MPs in New Zealand's mixed member proportional electoral system are not properly accountable to voters. As a result, it will run only electorate candidates, and promises to support the party chosen by the majority of the electorate.
The party applied to register its logo with the Electoral Commission, but the application was refused as the logo could confuse voters.
The party ran only a single candidate in the 2008 election. As of 2010, its website is defunct. It did not run any candidates in the 2011 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19340490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340490" title="Jerome C. Hunsaker Visiting Professor of Aerospace Systems">
Jerome C. Hunsaker Visiting Professor of Aerospace Systems

The Jerome C. Hunsaker Visiting Professor of Aerospace Systems is a professorship established in 1954 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics. It is named after MIT professor Jerome Hunsaker (1886–1984) in honor of his achievements in aeronautical engineering. The visiting professor is expected to deliver the Minta Martin Lecture in several venues in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19340505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340505" title="Philip Zec">
Philip Zec

Philip Zec (25 December 1909 – 14 July 1983) was a British political cartoonist and editor. Moving from the advertising industry to drawing political cartoons due to his abhorrence of the rise of fascism, Zec complemented the "Daily Mirror" editorial line with a series of venomous cartoons. He was considered such an opponent during the Second World War that the Germans had his name on a list to be arrested immediately when they invaded Britain. His cartoon on VE-day was said to have been a key factor in the Labour Party's 1945 general election campaign.
Early life.
Zec was born in George Street (now Gower Street), central London, one of eleven children of Simon Zecanovskya, a Russian Jewish tailor from Odessa who, together with his family, had fled oppression in Tsarist Russia.
At thirteen Zec won a scholarship to the Saint Martin's School of Art and, upon graduating, initially joined Arks Publicity, an agency specialising in advertising for radio companies, before establishing his own commercial art studio working for advertising agencies including J. Walter Thompson. While working there he drew an illustration of the "Flying Scotsman" travelling at top speed at night.
"Daily Mirror".
In the early 1930s the "Daily Mirror" was relaunched along the lines of an American-style tabloid. Zec’s former copyeditor at Arks Publicity, William Connor, who was working for the paper, recommended Zec (who had been doing occasional work for the paper including on “Belinda Blue-Eyes”, a copy of the "New York News"’ cartoon strip “Little Orphan Annie” and scripted by Connor) for the role of political cartoonist.
Zec had no previous experience of drawing cartoons but was hired by H.G. Bartholemew and given complete creative freedom without editorial censorship. Working alongside Connor, who went under the pen-name “Cassandra”, Zec was to provide cartoons to accompany “Cassandra’s” column. With Connor occasionally providing captions for Zec’s drawings, the outbreak of war in 1939 provided the dominant influence in his work during this period.
Unlike the early war time cartoons of David Low and others, Zec depicted the Nazi regime as snakes and vultures, implying a sinister side in contrast to the "buffoons" drawn by his peers. Zec also extended his caricatures to the allies of Hitler, drawing Pierre Laval as a toad at a time when the Frenchman was looking to associate more closely with Hitler. Commentators have since ascribed this approach to a strong anti-Nazi sentiment borne out of Zec’s Jewish ancestry. It is said the feeling was mutual and that Adolf Hitler had placed Zec on his "black list" of individuals to be arrested following an invasion of Britain.
"The price of petrol" incident.
Zec’s most infamous illustration was published in the "Daily Mirror" in 1942 and caused a political furore that threatened the existence of the newspaper and caused him to be labelled a traitor.
Appearing in the 6 March 1942 edition, the cartoon featured a merchant seaman adrift in rough waters clinging to the remains of a ship, apparently torpedoed by a German submarine. Beneath the picture, the caption read: “The price of petrol has been increased by one penny – Official.”
One of a series of pieces attacking profiteers, the original caption penned by Zec was to have been "Petrol is Dearer Now." According to Zec, the cartoon was intended to illustrate that wasting fuel had serious consequences in terms of the risks taken (and the lives lost) by sailors bringing it to the country. William Connor (pen name "Cassandra") suggested the revised caption, believing Zec’s effort lacked impact. Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Minister of Supply Herbert Morrison along with others in the government were outraged. They interpreted the cartoon as a comment that petrol companies were deliberately profiting at the expense of British lives - particularly those in the merchant navy. The cartoon was resurrected some 40 years later by Les Gibbard - with similar political consequences - as Great Britain again found itself at war.
Morrison called Zec’s piece a "wicked cartoon... worthy of Goebbels at his best” and telling the "Mirror"’s editor, Cecil Thomas, that “only a very unpatriotic editor could pass it for publication”. Ernest Bevin, Minister of Labour, argued that Zec's work lowered the morale of the armed forces and the general public.
Churchill called on MI5 to investigate Zec's background, which revealed nothing more sinister than the fact he had left-wing sympathies and found no evidence of him being involved in subversion. At the same time the "Mirror"’s register of shareholders was investigated to consider whether the paper should be shut down. The matter was debated in the House of Commons and, after MPs urged caution, the government settled on a severe reprimand.
"Don't lose it again".
Three years later, Zec’s VE Day contribution was widely acclaimed. Depicting a wounded soldier handing over a laurel representing victory and peace in Europe, the caption read: “Here you are. Don't lose it again!”
The cartoon had sufficient impact for Herbert Morrison to ask Zec to help with Labour publicity for the 1945 General Election with the politician dismissing his comments just three years previously on the premise that: “everybody makes mistakes”, Zec obtained a belated apology and, as a result on the morning of the election ‘’Don't lose it again!’’ was reprinted taking up the entire front page of the "Mirror". The accompanying text suggested that the best way for the country to remain at peace was to vote for the Labour Party. 
In 2005, a biography of him by his brother Donald Zec was published under the title ""Don't Lose It Again!"".
Post-war.
After the war Zec became a director of the "Daily Mirror" and eventually joined the board of the Mirror Group. Between 1950 and 1952 he was employed as editor of the "Sunday Pictorial" while continuing to draw for the "Daily Mirror" until he left in 1954, succeeded in the role of cartoonist by Victor Weisz. In 1958 he left the Mirror Group altogether, and moved to the "Daily Herald" (later "The Sun") until 1961. Zec also worked as art director of the "Jewish Chronicle" and editor of "New Europe".
Death.
Becoming blind in later life, Philip Zec died in the Middlesex Hospital, London, on 14 July 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19340511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340511" title="George Cotterill">
George Cotterill

George Huth Cotterill (4 April 1868 – 11 October 1950) was an English amateur footballer who made four appearances for England as a forward in the 1890s, captaining the side on his last two appearances.
Career.
Education.
Cotterill was born in Brighton, Sussex and was educated at Brighton College where he first showed his all-round athletic ability. He began his football career with the college in 1882 and was appointed team captain two years later, retaining this position for three years before going up to Trinity College, Cambridge in 1887.
At Cambridge University, he was awarded his football blue in each of the years from 1888 to 1891 (including being captain in 1890).
Corinthians and England.
He first played for Corinthian aged 18 in 1886, making his debut against Derby County on 6 November 1886, when he scored in a 3–2 victory. His appearances were infrequent until 1888–89, when he made six appearances, scoring three times including two against Preston North End on 9 March 1889. He also put two goals past Sheffield United on 6 January 1890.
His performances for both Corinthians and Cambridge University ultimately led to a call-up to the England team. He made his international debut against Ireland on 7 March 1891, while still at Cambridge University. For the second year running, England played both Wales and Ireland on the same day, and, for the match against Ireland played at Molineux, Wolverhampton, England selected a predominantly Midlands based team, with five players making their debut. Cotterill played at inside right and was amongst the scorers as England, who were "too skilfull for the Irish" won 6–1. This match was Tinsley Lindley's final appearance for England, and he marked the occasion with two goals.
On 19 December 1891, Cotterill played for England in an "unofficial" match against Canada, when he scored in a 6–1 victory. Fellow Corinthian, C. B. Fry also played for England in this match. During the 1891–92 season, Cotterill made six appearances for Corinthian scoring seven goals including a hat trick in a 4–4 draw with West Bromwich Albion on 20 February 1892.
On 5 March 1892, England again played simultaneous matches against Wales and Ireland. This time, Cotterill was selected as part of a predominately amateur team (most of the players were members of the Corinthian club) to play against Wales at the Racecourse Ground, Wrexham, and was one of only three players in the side who had previous international experience. England were "a little too skilful for the Welsh" and ran out 2–0 winners with goals from Arthur Henfrey and Rupert Sandilands.
In April 1892, Corinthians played a multi-sport tournament against the Barbarians rugby club. Cotterill played at inside right in the soccer match which Corinthian won 6–0, with Tinsley Lindley scoring a hat-trick. Cotterill also played in the rugby match, which Corinthian won 16–13, although the match was not a very serious encounter and was described by The Times newspaper as "a very amusing game". The rugby match was followed by an athletics meeting in which C. B. Fry was prominent, winning both the long jump and high jump, with Cotterill winning the "Putting the Weight" with a distance of 34 ft 1in. Finally, the two clubs met a few weeks later in a cricket match in which Cotterill played alongside several other prominent Corinthians, including Fry, Lindley and Charles Wreford-Brown, with the Barbarians winning by four wickets.
By now Cotterill had left University and his primary registration was now with Old Brightonians, although he continued to turn out on a regular basis for Corinthian. He started the 1892–93 season with goals in each of the first three matches for Corinthian, including a hat-trick in a 4–2 victory against Sunderland on 12 November. For the first time, Cotterill was able to join a Corinthian tour of northern England and Scotland, when he played five games in eight days in December and January against professional teams scoring five times.
Cotterill was appointed team captain for the 1893 British Home Championship matches against Ireland and Scotland. For the match against Ireland, played at Perry Barr, Birmingham on 25 February 1893, the selectors again called up a predominately amateur, Corinthians dominated eleven with another seven débutantes. Amongst the débutantes was Walter Gilliat of Old Carthusians who scored a hat-trick in his only appearance in an England shirt. England "won the game with ease" as further goals from G.O. Smith, William Winckworth and Rupert Sandilands enabled England to run out convincing 6–1 victors.
For the next match, against Wales, the England selectors chose an entirely different, professional eleven players. Cotterill was restored for the final international match of the season at Richmond, London on 1 April 1893 against Scotland who were hoping to avenge their defeat in each of the two previous seasons. England selected a strong eleven, with only Cotterill's fellow Old Brightonian, Leslie Gay making his debut in goal. Cotterill scored England's second goal to bring the scores level after 58 minutes, with England eventually running out 5–2 victors, thus enabling them to claim the championship for the third consecutive season.
In 1893, he again started the season well for Corinthian with a hat-trick in a 11–0 defeat of The Army (Rupert Sandilands scored six). He repeated this on 13 January 1894 in a 4–6 defeat against Aston Villa. Villa had taken a three goal lead before Cotterill's hat-trick brought the score to 3–4. He finished the 1893–94 season with 16 goals from 13 appearances.
Over the next few seasons, he was only able to make a handful of appearances for Corinthian and he bowed out at the end of the 1897–98 season, having played 65 matches, scoring 53 goals in his thirteen seasons with the club.
In his football career, he also played for Weybridge and Burgess Hill, and represented Surrey and Sussex.
Cricket.
He played seven matches for Cambridge University in 1888–89, but did not obtain his Blue. He also appeared in ten matches for Sussex between 1886–90. In his total first class career, he played 17 matches and scored 305 runs at an average of 10.16. As a right-arm slow bowler, he claimed three wickets at an average of 38.33.
His father, George Edward Cotterill, also played cricket for Cambridge University (1858–1860), Cambridgeshire (1858) and Sussex (1869–1874), and his uncle, Joseph Cotterill played for Sussex (1870–1888).
Other sports.
He was an all round athlete, rowed for Weybridge Rowing Club, played rugby for Richmond and Surrey, and at university he was a member of the track, field and rowing teams.
Military career.
On 24 July 1886, aged 18, he was appointed to the rank of Lieutenant in the 2nd Volunteer Battalion, the Queen's (Royal West Surrey Regiment).
On the outbreak of the First World War, he enlisted in the 11th Battalion, The Lancashire Fusiliers, being temporarily promoted to the rank of Captain on 22 September 1914. He subsequently achieved the rank of Major.
He died at Llandaff, Glamorgan, Wales on 1 October 1950, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19340539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340539" title="Movin' On (Mýa song)">
Movin' On (Mýa song)

"Movin' On" is a song by American recording artist Mýa Harrison. It served as the second single from her self-titled debut studio album and featured No Limit rapper Silkk the Shocker. The song was written and composed by Harrison, Mark Andrews, Darryl Pearson, and Silkk. The lyrics of the bouncy R&B track speak of a woman leaving her cheating ex-boyfriend. 
The song received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics, who praised the singles' remix stellar production and Silkk's rap cameo. "Movin’ On" became a top 40 hit on "Billboard"s Hot 100; peaking and spending three non-consecutive weeks at number thirty-four. It fared better on the US Hot R&B Singles chart peaking at number four. Internationally, the single reached the Top 20 in New Zealand.
The song’s accompanying music video was filmed by director G. Thomas Ferguson and University Music CEO Haqq Islam. The video was shot in the non-fictional high school University High. In the video, Harrison displayed her cheerleading skills and towards the end of the video leaves her cheating ex-boyfriend. 
Reception.
Critical.
"Billboard" magazine gave the song a positive review:
Chart performance.
In the United States, Movin’ On debuted at number seventy-five on "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the issue dated week of August 8, 1998. It ascended from 63-49 in its fourth week for the issue dated week of August 29, 1998. It continued to climb the Hot 100; ascending from 49-42 in its fifth week for the issue dated week of September 5, 1998. The song reached its peak at number thirty-four issue dated week of September 12, 1998. It spent 20 consecutive weeks on the chart. Movin’ On became Harrison’s second consecutive Top 40 (solo) on that chart. It performed better on its component chart Hot R&B Singles chart. It made its debuted at number twenty issue dated week of August 1, 1998. It entered the Top Ten issue dated week of August 29, 1998 ascending from 13-7. Due to the strength of the song and if Interscope had released Movin' On on cassette and CD configurations; the song could've been a strong contender for number one position. However, despite being available on 12' inch only, the song still managed to rise 7-5 on the Hot R&B Singles chart. The song move resulted in the chart highest-ranking 12'-inch only single since MC Hammer's U Can't Touch This hit number one on Vinyl in 1990. Nevertheless, Movin’ On reached its peak at number four issue dated week of September 12, 1998. In total, the song spent 22 consecutive weeks on the chart. It became Harrison’s second consecutive Top Ten (solo) on that chart. 
In New Zealand, Movin’ On debuted at number thirty-two during the week March 3, 1999. It reached its peak at number eleven during the week of April 11, 1999. It spent a total of 8 non-consecutive week on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19340565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340565" title="Nicole Brunner">
Nicole Brunner

Nicole Brunner (born May 6, 1980 in Oakland, California) is an American model and actress, best known for her role on the television series "Roswell".
Personal information.
Brunner stands at 5' 7" with her trademark look being her prominent dimples. In 1996, the animated series "X-Men: Secrets, Not Long Buried" was based on her name and likeness as a child. Nicole was a student of Professor Charles Xavier. She also played a Swedish girlfriend of COlin Hanks in three episodes of Roswell. 
Education.
Brunner attended the same high school as Colin Hanks father Tom Hanks.
Family.
Brunner is the daughter of the famous comic book artist and illustrator Frank Brunner. She also has a twin brother.

</doc>
<doc id="19340607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340607" title="Byblos (disambiguation)">
Byblos (disambiguation)

Byblos may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19340614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340614" title="Abu Mansur Fulad Sutun">
Abu Mansur Fulad Sutun

Abu Mansur Fulad Sutun (, died 1062) was the last Buyid amir of Fars, ruling more or less continuously from 1048 until his death. He was the son of Abu Kalijar.
Biography.
After the death of Abu Kalijar in 1048, his eldest son Abu Nasr Khusrau Firuz had succeeded him as senior amir in Baghdad and assumed the title "al-Malik al-Rahim." Abu Mansur, however, rose up against his brother and control of Fars. Al-Malik al-Rahim along with his brother Abu Sa'd Khusrau Shah invaded Fars and occupied Shiraz, also managing capturing Abu Mansur during the invasion. However, turmoil between the Turks and Daylamites in his army forced them to abandon the province and leave it in the hands of Abu Mansur. Abu Mansur then managed to become the ruler of Fars once again, and captured parts of Ahvaz from Al-Malik al-Rahim. Al-Malik al-Rahim, however, managed to recapture Ahvaz and seize another town named Askar Mukram from Abu Mansur.
In 1051 or 1052 al-Malik al-Rahim's army again invaded Fars and this time defeated Abu Mansur and his allies. Fars was for the next year or so reunited with Iraq and governed by Abu Sa'd Khusrau Shah on al-Malik al-Rahim's behalf. Abu Mansur, however, requested the support of the Seljuk sultan Toghrul Beg, and was able to recapture Shiraz in 1053 or 1054. He then recognized Toghrul Beg as his overlord and placed the sultan's name first in the khutba, in front of al-Malik al-Rahim's. In 1055, a Dailamite military leader named Fuladh, captured Shiraz and repelled Abu Mansur from Fars. Fuladh then made a agreement with Al-Malik al-Rahim where he agreed to acknowledge his authority. However, Al-Malik al-Rahim and Abu Sa'd Khusrau Shah, did not trust him, and along with Abu Mansur, reconquered Shiraz from Fuladh. Abu Mansur then agreed to acknowledge the authority of Al-Malik al-Rahim.
In December 1055 al-Malik al-Rahim was arrested and deposed by Toghrul Beg's forces in Baghdad, bringing an end to Buyid rule in Iraq. Abu Mansur, who once again acknowledged his authority, however, was able to remain in power in Fars for another seven years as a Seljuk vassal. Constant fighting with his brothers, however, weakened his rule, and in 1062 he was killed while fighting against the Kurdish Shabankara tribal chief Fadluya. The Seljuks shortly afterward entered Shiraz and took control of Fars.

</doc>
<doc id="19340623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340623" title="Accessible publishing">
Accessible publishing

Accessible publishing is an approach to publishing and book design whereby books and other texts are made available in alternative formats designed to aid or replace the reading process. Alternative formats that have been developed to aid different people to read include varieties of larger fonts, specialised fonts for certain kinds of reading disabilities, Braille, e-books, and automated Audiobooks and DAISY digital talking books. 
Accessible publishing has been made possible through developments in technology such as Print on demand (POD), E-book readers, the XML structured data format, and the Internet.
Aim.
The aim of accessible publishing is to make reading easier for those who have difficulties doing such. This group includes people who are blind or visually impaired, people with learning disabilities, and people who are learning a second language. Accessible publishing also aims to allow people to read whichever format allows them to read fastest or allows them to absorb the information in a better way. 
In the twenty first century, the accessible publishing aim is to make every book available in all formats so that every reader can read with ease and proficiency.
Guidelines and techniques for publishing in accessible formats have been made available by several organisations and authors, including:
History.
Prior to the twenty first century the publishing industry focused on the production of printed books. The predominant publishing theory was based around increasing the economy of scale of the books by only having one format available. In this way books could be mass produced and made available for the general public. This model did not allow for any other format to be widely available, however. 
There were a number of developments in technology that increased the accessibility of books. The first of these was the development of the Braille language by Louis Braille in 1821. After this there was the development of audiobooks which originated from the United States Congress in 1931 and became popularised by advances in recording and the use of voice actors. 
In 1980, Thorndike Press came into existence as a republisher of large print books. Thorndike bought the rights for large print versions of books from publishers and then republished them in a larger and more accessible format for people with reading difficulties.
Recent developments.
New portable readers, such as the VictorReader Stream and the Plextalk Pocket handle talking books in a wide variety of formats including DAISY Digital Talking Book, MP3, text only, and many others.
New technology, such as the Sony Reader and Amazon’s Kindle, has the ability to alter the size of the font automatically. For example, the reader can choose from six different font size settings on the Kindle. The large font sizes available allow for easier reading for the visually impaired.
ReadHowYouWant is another leader in developing this technology. It works in partnership with publishers to make books available in all formats all across the world. This includes specially designed fonts for dyslexia, macular degeneration and line tracking problems.

</doc>
<doc id="19340644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340644" title="Ken Maddison">
Ken Maddison

Ken Maddison is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 70s. He played in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for the St. George Dragons (with whom he won the 1966 premiership) and later the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks (whom he captained). He was also a state and national representative, playing four Tests for Australia in 1973.
Playing career.
St. George.
Maddison started his first-grade football career with St. George in 1965 and the following year appeared in his first grand final, the last of the Dragons' record-breaking 11 consecutive premiership wins. He won that first premiership as a centre but later moved into the forwards and enjoyed success in his career as a wide running second-rower. 
In the late 60s after St George had lost the stars of their long reign, Ken Maddison's work ethic (along with the stellar brilliance of Billy Smith and Graeme Langlands) was a factor in keeping the club competitive, regularly finishing in the top five. Maddison played in the 1971 Grand Final loss to South Sydney, again in the centres. Ken's younger brother Keith also played alongside him at the Dragons in six seasons from 1966 to 1971.
Cronulla-Sutherland.
In 1972 Maddison moved to the young Cronulla-Sutherland club, playing in the second row. 
1973 was Maddison's career high-point when he became the first forward to win the Rothmans Medal for best and fairest player in the League, edging out Ron Coote by just one point. He also scored a personal best eight tries that year before playing in Cronulla's first Grand Final, the 1973 loss to Manly-Warringah 7 - 10.
Although Maddison played at a time when the loose forwards of the Souths' pack - Coote, Bob McCarthy, Gary Stevens and Paul Sait - dominated representative selections, he managed his Australian debut at the end of a great club season in 1973 when he was selected for the 1973 Kangaroo tour. He was one of the form forwards of the tour scoring two tries in the third and deciding Test against Great Britain. He played in all three Ashes Tests, in one Test against France and in nine minor tour matches scoring six tries in all. The following year he made his sole state appearance for New South Wales Blues.
Maddison continued playing for Cronulla-Sutherland until 1975. In 2006, he was named at second-row in a Sharks dream team.

</doc>
<doc id="19340721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340721" title="Bishop's House, Perth">
Bishop's House, Perth

Bishops House is located at 78 Mounts Bay Road (corner Spring Street), Perth.
History.
Bishop’s House is a two-storey residence constructed in a Victorian Georgian style of architecture, in 1859, for Mathew Blagden Hale, the first Anglican Bishop of Western Australia. Bishop’s House is situated on land known as the Bishop's See, located between St George's Terrace, and Mount and Spring Streets at the western end of the Perth Central Business District.
In 1856 Bishop Hale, an independently wealthy clergyman, purchased five allotments on St George's Terrace in order to build a residence for himself and his family. Bishop Hale favoured this location because of the large grounds and natural spring that flowed all year round, and that there was a house and stables. The land was purchased from Edward Hamersley and Alfred Hillman Senior (Assistant Surveyor General). In 1858, Bishop Hale arranged for the construction of his residence by ticket-of-leave men. In December that year, Bishop Hale and his family travelled to England, not returning until April 1860. Bishop’s House was completed, at Bishop Hale's personal expense, for a cost £2,486, whilst the family was away overseas. The existing house on the site was utilised as a kitchen, and the stables as laundry and kitchen outhouses.
Bishop Hale planted ornamental trees in the front garden, and laid out the fruit garden at the rear. He also had the garden wall constructed at the rear of the property. 
In 1860, Bishop Hale had a small cottage built adjacent to Bishop’s House at a cost of £360. This was used as lodgings for visiting clergymen from the country and was known as Clergy House or Bishop's Cottage.
In 1872, Bishop Hale then built another house on the Bishop's See site, near the corner of Spring and Mount Streets, to house and educate Aboriginal children. This two-storey building was known as Hale House.
In 1875 Bishop Hale handed all his Perth properties over to the Perth Diocesan Trust and left Western Australia to take up his appointment as Bishop of Brisbane. 
Bishop's House was then occupied by his successor, Henry Hutton Parry in 1876. Bishop Parry however found the upkeep of the residence beyond his means and moved his family into Bishop's Cottage, with Judge Hensman leasing Bishop’s House. Bishop Hutton died whilst still in office in November 1983.
The next Bishop to occupy Bishop’s House was Charles Owen Leaver Riley who arrived to take up his post in 1895. Bishop’s House was renovated and repaired for his occupancy. In 1904, Bishop Riley enlarged Bishop’s House with funds from a public appeal within the Church. Following his death in 1929, Bishop's House was occupied by his successor, Henry Frewen Le Fanu. In 1930, renovations were carried out to Bishop’s House for Bishop Le Fanu's occupancy. 
Following Bishop Fanu's death in September 1946, succeeding archbishops choose not to occupy Bishop’s House as their residence. In 1959, it was leased by Legacy Australia as their Perth headquarters, and became known as 'Legacy House'.
In 1974 Bishop's House was used to accommodate the Anglican Health and Welfare Services (Anglicare) until the service was relocated to the Sambell Centre in Colin Street, West Perth.
In 1982, the Perth Diocesan Trust leased the site to St George's Investments, later known as Australian City Properties (ACP), owned by English entrepreneur Lord Alistair McAlpine, who used the residence as home and as an office. As part of the lease conditions Bishop’s House, and its gardens, were renovated and restored by architects, Oldham Boas Ednie-Brown in 1984.
Current uses.
In 1999 the Multiplex Property Trust and the Hawaiian Property Group bought the heritage-listed residence as part of the overall Bishop’s See site. The companies subsequently built two (a nine storey and a larger twenty-seven storey) modern office towers next to the Bishop's House.
In November 2010 the building was converted into a multi-level restaurant, Lamont’s Bishop’s House, run by Kate Lamont.
Heritage value.
Bishop's House was classified by the National Trust (WA) on 11 May 1998 and listed on the City of Perth's Municipal Inventory, which was adopted 13 March 2001. It was permanently entered on to the State Register of Heritage Places on 24 March 2000 by the Heritage Council of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19340730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340730" title="Rușchița marble">
Rușchița marble

Rușchița (; ; ; ) is a reddish, pinkish or white marble found in Romania. The marble deposit is located in the north of Caraș-Severin County, about 10 km northwest of the village of Rusca Montană, in the Poiana Rusca Mountains. 
Rușchița marble mining was done in the shape of a turned-over bell between 1884 and 1960. Nowadays the extraction is made in descending horizontal slices.

</doc>
<doc id="19340760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340760" title="Roger Cook (politician)">
Roger Cook (politician)

Roger Hugh Cook (born 20 August 1965) is an Australian politician current serving as the Labor Party member for the seat of Kwinana in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, as well as Deputy Leader of the Opposition to Eric Ripper and Mark McGowan. From Perth, Western Australia, Cook was educated at Murdoch University, where he was heavily involved in student organisations and served as the first president of the National Union of Students. He subsequently became involved in indigenous land rights, serving as director of a number of native title bodies. Cook was elected to parliament at the 2008 state election, defeating independent candidate Carol Adams to become the first member for the newly created electoral district of Kwinana. He was elected deputy leader of the Labor Party shortly after the election, and maintained the role when Eric Ripper was replaced as leader in early 2012. Cook is also the current Shadow Minister for Health, having previously also held the shadow portfolios of Mental Health and Indigenous Affairs.
Biography.
Born and raised in Perth, Western Australia, Cook attended Murdoch University, completing a Bachelor of Arts degree in Public Administration, as well as later completing a Master of Business Administration degree and a graduate business diploma (specialising in public relations) at Curtin University. Whilst at Murdoch, Cook became involved in student politics, serving as a student representative on the university's senate. He was also involved in the establishment of the National Union of Students in mid-1986, becoming its first national president as a representative of the National Organisation of Labor Students. After graduating, Cook went on to work in the offices of a number of Labor Party MPs, including Stephen Smith, Jim McGinty, and Chris Evans.
He has been involved in indigenous land rights issues including time as the CEO of the West Australian Native Title Working Group, as Executive Director of the Native Title Representative Body for the resource rich Pilbara region (Yamatji Marlpa Barna Baba Maaja Aboriginal Corporation) and as Director of government and corporate relations at the South West Aboriginal Land and Sea Council. Cook served as national president of Australians for Native Title and Reconciliation until the election was called. Cook is also a former state party secretary and until the election was state manager of public relations firm CPR which is closely associated with the Labor Party.
At the 2008 state election, Cook won the seat of Kwinana in a tightly fought contest, winning by 300 votes from independent candidate Carol Adams, the mayor of the Town of Kwinana at the time. Adams had unsuccesfully attempted to gain Labor pre-selection, and later accused Alan Carpenter of "parachuting" Cook into the seat. On 16 September 2008, Cook was elected to the position of deputy leader of the Labor Party under Eric Ripper. He is a member of the Labor Left faction, backed by what was then the Liquor, Hospitality and Miscellaneous Union (LHMU; now United Voice). After Ripper was replaced by Mark McGowan as Leader of the Opposition in January 2012, Cook maintained his position as deputy leader, but was stripped of the Mental Health and Indigenous Affairs portfolios following a shadow cabinet reshuffle.
Portfolios.
Cook has held the following shadow portfolios since his election in 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19340769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340769" title="Kamikaze-class destroyer (1905)">
Kamikaze-class destroyer (1905)

The (""divine wind"") were a class of 32 torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The "Kamikaze" class of destroyers were the first destroyers to be mass-produced in Japan. The class is also sometimes referred to as the "Asakaze" class. This class of destroyer should not be confused with the later "Kamikaze"-class destroyers built in 1922, which participated in the Pacific War.
Background.
The "Kamikaze"-class destroyers were part of the 1904 Imperial Japanese Navy Emergency Expansion Program created by the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War. Twenty-five vessels were ordered, and an additional four vessels were ordered in 1905, and three more in 1906, bringing the total to thirty-two ships. The Japanese governmental shipyards were overwhelmed with the volume of construction, and for the first time civilian shipyards were also assigned to produce warships.
Design.
In terms of design, the "Kamikaze"-class ships were substantially identical to the previous , in terms of hull design and external appearance, retaining the flush deck design with a distinctive "turtleback" forecastle inherited from the , as well as the four-smokestack profile. However, with operational experience gained in the Russo-Japanese War, the "Kamikaze" class employed shorter smokestacks with spark and glow arrestors to give the ships a more stealthy capability for night combat operations.
Internally, design and production issues still existed with the Japanese copies of the Yarrow water-tube boilers in the coal-fired triple expansion steam engines, which could produce only 6,000 shp; however, with the final three vessels ("Uranami", "Isonami", "Ayanami"), many problems had been resolved, and the engines modified to be run on heavy fuel oil as well as coal.
Armament was the similar in layout to the previous "Harusame" class, but with larger secondary guns; i.e. two QF 12 pounder mounted on bandstands on the forecastle and fantail, four additional short barrel 12 pounder guns (two sided abreast the conning tower, and two sited between the funnels, and two single tubes for torpedoes.
Operational history.
Only two "Kamikaze"-class vessels were completed in time to see combat service in the Russo-Japanese War.
Considered too small, unsuitable for heavy seas, and obsolete by the time of completion, the "Kamikaze"-class destroyers were quickly removed from front-line combat service after the end of the war, and were de-rated to third-class destroyers on August 28, 1912. "Asatsuyu" was wrecked off Nanao Bay on November 9, 1913.
However, despite the re-classification, all remaining vessels saw service in World War I. "Shirotae" was lost in combat on September 3, 1914 off Tsingtao (), while in combat against the German gunboat SMS "Jaguar". This was the first significant warship loss by Japan during World War I.
The remaining surviving vessels were converted into minesweepers on December 1, 1924, however, most were retired and/or scrapped soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19340775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340775" title="List of Fringe episodes">
List of Fringe episodes

Fringe is an American science fiction television series co-created by J. J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci, which premiered on Fox on September 9, 2008. The show focuses on a team which investigates bizarre scientific occurrences related to "The Pattern", a string of fringe science–related incidents worldwide. The team consists of FBI special agent Olivia Dunham, scientist Walter Bishop, his son Peter Bishop, and others at the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security. The show's first season had 22 episodes planned, and all 22 were produced, with the first two hours combining for the pilot episode and one which did not air until January 2010 in the second season. The show was renewed for a second and third season of 22 episodes each, which aired from September 17, 2009 to May 20, 2010, and September 23, 2010 to May 6, 2011, respectively. "Fringe" was officially renewed for a fourth season during the 2011–2012 television season which consisted of 22 episodes. The show was renewed for a fifth and final season, consisting of 13 episodes, which premiered on September 28, 2012, and concluded on January 18, 2013.
Episode list.
Season 2 (2009–10).
Episode number 31, "Unearthed", which aired as a special a few days before "Johari Window", was originally an unaired episode filmed in season one, and has what would be an out of continuity appearance of the primary universe Agent Charlie Francis who had been deceased for several episodes. Another key indicator of it being from season 1 is that Astrid Farnsworth's hair is in the style of season one. The UK and Ireland broadcaster Sky does not count "Unearthed" as part of season two, and so the Sky numbering of all subsequent season two episodes after "Unearthed" is offset by one and different from that shown below (e.g. "White Tulip" is listed by Sky as episode 17, not 18, of season two). Netflix airs the episode after the Season 1 finale, which is particularly confusing since there is a direct connection/cliffhanger between the true Season 1 finale and the Season 2 premier episode.
Season 3 (2010–11).
On March 6, 2010 "Entertainment Weekly" reported that "Fringe" had been renewed for a third season. This season premiered on September 23, 2010, and contained a full season of 22 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19340810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340810" title="The Volunteer (disambiguation)">
The Volunteer (disambiguation)

The Volunteer may refer to:
Ships.
The Volunteer (canal boat) An 1848 replica canal boat docked on the Illinois and Michigan Canal at LaSalle, Illinois.
Films.
The Volunteer a 1943 black and white British film.

</doc>
<doc id="19340845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340845" title="Otto Ites">
Otto Ites

Otto Christian Ites (5 February 1918 – 2 February 1982) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and later a Konteradmiral with the Bundesmarine. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Otto Ites, born on 5 February 1918 in Norden in the Province of Hanover a Free State of Prussia, joined the military service of the Kriegsmarine on 3 April 1936. 
Ites served as second watch officer on nine war patrols on , the first five patrols under the command of Herbert Schultze, two patrols under Hans-Rudolf Rösing and two patrols under Heinrich Bleichrodt. Promoted to "Oberleutnant zur See" on 1 October 1940 and he was made first watch officer on "U-48". In this position he went on one more patrol (10 November 1940 – 13 March 1941), "U-48" now again under the command of Herbert Schultze.
He commanded "U-146" and "U-94", sinking fifteen ships on seven patrols, for a total of tons of Allied shipping. In September 1941 the Pegasus was torpedoed and all the crew managed to scramble into 2 lifeboats. One of the lifeboats was rescued but the other was found empty and upside down. The Captain reported that the Pegasus was torpedoed twice, the first one caused quite a lot of damage and the crew left the ship, but then she was torpedoed again and she sank. On 28 August 1942 "U-94" was sunk by depth charges in the Caribbean Sea, in position from a Catalina of VP-92 and by the Canadian corvette HMCS "Oakville". Ites and 25 of her crew were taken prisoner of war. Ites remained in US captivity at Camp Crossville, Tennessee, until 1 May 1946.
After the war Otto Ites matriculated at the University of Bonn in the winter semester 1946/47. He submitted his dissertation on 20 October 1950 at the medical faculty. Dr. Ites joined the military service of the "Bundesmarine" and as "Fregattenkapitän" commanded the destroyer "Zerstörer 2" (D171), formerly USS "Ringgold" (DD-500), from November 1960 until September 1962. His twin brother, "Oberleutnant zur See" Rudolf Ites, commander of , was killed in action on 1 March 1944. "U-709" was sunk by depth charges from the US destroyer escorts USS "Thomas", "Bostwick" and "Bronstein" north of the Azores at .
Summary of career.
Ships Attacked.
As a U-boat commander of and Otto Ites is credited with the sinking of 15 merchant ships for a total of and damaging one further ship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19340859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340859" title="North Winnipeg Satelites">
North Winnipeg Satelites

The North Winnipeg Satelites are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. They are members of the Keystone Junior Hockey League (KJHL). The franchise was founded in 1980.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against,   PCT = Winning Percentage"
Team information.
Current roster.
As of Jan. 19, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19340871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340871" title="Anchorage Press (United Kingdom)">
Anchorage Press (United Kingdom)

Anchorage Press in Twickenham, west London, is an international distributor of maritime training publications published by North of England P&I Association. It was formed in 1991 and owned by Simon Fullalove.

</doc>
<doc id="19340884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340884" title="Norway House North Stars">
Norway House North Stars

The Norway House North Stars are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Norway House, Manitoba. They are members of the Keystone Junior Hockey League (KJHL). The franchise was founded in 2004.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against,   PCT = Winning Percentage"
Team Information.
Current roster.
As of June 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19340898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340898" title="Auser">
Auser

Auser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19340904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340904" title="J10">
J10

J10, J 10 or J-10 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19340931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340931" title="Associazione Volontari Italiani Sangue">
Associazione Volontari Italiani Sangue

The (AVIS) ("Association 
of Voluntary Italian Blood Donors") is the major Italian non-profit and charitable organisation for blood donation, bringing together over a million volunteer blood donors across Italy. It is headquartered in Lombardy, Italy.
History.
Pre-war.
In the early twentieth century, the ABO blood group system was discovered by Austrian scientist Karl Landsteiner, and its application in World War I led to a rise in the awareness of therapeutic blood donation. In Italy, there were few hospitals that could provide blood transfusions, and those that did held lists of suppliers; this closed market allowed a high price (up to several months' wages) to be charged to patients for a single unit of blood.
In 1927, Dr Vittorio Formentano founded the first voluntary organisation in Italy, in Milan. Two years later, his group of unpaid donors became the "", the first organisation of its kind in Italy.
The goals of the group were "organizing a network of regular donors under constant medical control, to fight the blood trade, to spread the idea that blood is a natural and anonymous gift and to enhance scientific knowledge of transfusion practice". The organisation developed quickly across Northern Italy, and in 1934 Il Duce, Benito Mussolini, issued a ' ("king's decree") asking the organisation to add an "F" for ' (fascist) to its acronym. The decree also embedded blood donation into a set of administrative bodies across Italy, and legally acknowledged the right of professional blood donors to profit from their donations. Francesco Carnelutti, a leading scholar of the time, even argued for the right to take blood without the donor's consent.
Post-World War II.
After the collapse of the fascist government in 1946, the new Italian Republic abrogated responsibility for blood donation to the Italian Red Cross, who were given a near-monopoly on blood donation until 1950, when, following concerted political pressure, "AVIS" was re-recognised and granted an official title ("Associazione Volontari Italiani del Sangue"). 
Structured on a territorial basis, "AVIS" was permitted to operate autonomously, and began to slowly spread a culture of voluntary, unpaid blood donation across the country — although, even to this day, the north of Italy has a freer attitude towards blood donation than the south, where voluntary, free donation is only expected for a family member. By 1955, Formentano had become the president of IFBDO, the International Federation of Blood Donor Organisations.
1967 — Collection, Preservation and Distribution of Human Blood Act.
In the 1950s and early 60s, the sale of blood in Italy was still permitted, and due to the shortages, particularly in the south of the country, a black market in blood trade spread. Blood was known as """" ("red gold").
On 14 July 1967, the Collection, Preservation and Distribution of Human Blood Act was passed by the Italian Government. The law regulated every aspect of the blood system in Italy, and marked the beginning of a stream of complex regulations surrounding blood donation, storage and transfusion in Italy — the laws specified every detail of how blood donation could take place, down to standardising the furniture in donation centres. The law did not, however, criminalise the paid donation of blood — only specifying the price charged not be "manifestly exorbitant". The right of a worker to receive a paid day off for freely donating blood, however, was enshrined in Italian law.
1990 — Blood Reform Act.
In 1990, following a maelstrom of media and public pressure after a series of incidents involving Italian hemophiliacs receiving HIV-infected blood, President Francesco Cossiga passed the Blood Reform Act, which repealed the 1967 Act, and forced all transfusion activity, including that of "AVIS", to take place under the auspices of the Italian National Health Service, and required all blood donations to be unpaid.
Between 1989 and 1999, "AVIS" had 871,779 donating members, and received 1,531,572 donations in Italy (plus 2,370 donations in Switzerland). In 1999 a total of 1,913,299 units of blood were donated; a shortfall of around 400,000 units. Few regions of Italy (mostly in the north) are self-sufficient in blood and plasma.
"AVIS" was granted the "" (the gold medal for civil merit) on January 7, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19340975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19340975" title="North of England P&amp;I Association">
North of England P&amp;I Association

England
The North of England Protecting and Indemnity Association, generally known as North, is a leading marine mutual liability insurer providing P&I, FD&D, war risks and ancillary insurance to 125 million GT of owned tonnage and 45 million GT of chartered tonnage, with 4000 ships entered by 400 members. It is based in Newcastle upon Tyne, UK with regional offices in Hong Kong, Piraeus, Singapore and Tokyo. The club is the second largest member of the International Group of P&I Clubs, with over 13% of the group’s owned tonnage. The 13 group clubs provide liability cover for approximately 90% of the world’s ocean-going tonnage and, as a member of the group, North protects and promotes the interests of the international shipping industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19341001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341001" title="Dual Work Exchanger Energy Recovery">
Dual Work Exchanger Energy Recovery

The Dual Work Exchanger Energy Recovery (DWEER) is an energy recovery device. In the 1990s developed by DWEER Bermuda and licensed by Calder AG for use in the Caribbean. Seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) needs high pressure and some of the reject stream can be reused by using this device. According to Calder AG, 97% of the energy in the reject stream is recovered. 
The DWEER system uses a piston doublechamber reciprocating hydraulically driven pump, and a patented valve system in a high pressure batch process with large pressure vessels, similar to a locomotive, to capture and transfer the energy lost in the membrane reject stream. Its advantage is its high efficiency rate, but it suffers from complex and large mechanical components which are susceptible to corrosion from seawater due to its metal composition.

</doc>
<doc id="19341025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341025" title="2002 German Figure Skating Championships">
2002 German Figure Skating Championships

The 2002 German Figure Skating Championships () were the German Figure Skating Championships for the 2001–2002 season. They were the figure skating national championship that determined the national champions of Germany for that season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating. 
The 2001–2002 competition took place in Berlin, Germany from December 6th through 9th, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19341074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341074" title="Sureq Galigo">
Sureq Galigo

Sureq Galigo or La Galigo is an epic creation myth of the Bugis from South Sulawesi, written down in manuscript form between the 18th and 20th century in the Indonesian language Bugis, based on an earlier oral tradition. It has become known to a wider audience mostly through the theatrical adaptation "I La Galigo" by Robert Wilson.
The poem is composed in pentameters and relates the story of humanity's origins but serves also as practical everyday almanac. It evolved mostly through oral tradition and is still sung on important occasions. The earliest preserved written versions date back to the 18th century, earlier ones have been lost due to insects, climate or destruction. Consequently, there is no complete or definite version of "Galigo" but the preserved parts amount to 6,000 pages or 300,000 lines of text, making it one of the largest works of literature. The original Buginese, in which also the production is sung, is now only understood by less than 100 people but so far only parts of it have been translated into Indonesian and no complete English language version exists either. The majority of La Galigo manuscripts still extant can be found in Indonesia and the Netherlands. Leiden University Library keeps one of the most valuable manuscripts. The Leiden manuscript consists of twelve volumes and relates the first part of the long Buginese epic. This largest coherent La Galigo fragment in the world was written in Makassar at the request of the theologian and scholar B.F. Matthes (1818–1908). In 1947 Matthes entered the service of the Netherlands Bible Society to study Buginese and Makassarese with the purpose of translation the Bible in those languages. The text was written by Colliq Pujié (Arung Pancana Toa), Queen-mother of Tanete, a small kingdom in South Sulawesi. The manuscript is now part of the collection Indonesian manuscripts of the Netherlands Bible Society, given on permanent loan to the Leiden University Library since the years 1905-1915. In 2012, together with another La Galigo manuscript, held in Makassar, the Leiden manuscript is now included in UNESCO's Memory of the World (MOW) Register as the second document from Indonesia after Negarakertagama in 2008 to earn the acknowledgement.

</doc>
<doc id="19341081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341081" title="Roberts Pakalns">
Roberts Pakalns

Roberts Pakalns (7 November 1911 - 17 May 1986) was a Latvian footballer and football manager, a three-time champion of Latvia.
Biography.
Roberts Pakalns spent almost his entire football career with ASK Riga. He started regularly appearing in the senior squad in 1929 and played until the club's dissolution in 1940. During these years Pakalns won one Latvian Higher League title (in 1932) and won the Latvian Cup in 1943. In between 1935 and 1940 Pakalns played 8 international matches for Latvia scoring one goal.
When ASK Riga as a former Latvian army sports club was disbanded in 1940, Pakalns joined the newly founded RDKA Riga. During World War II he also played with Spartaks Rīga and Spars Riga. After the war Pakalns played with FK Dinamo Rīga first in the Latvian higher league, then - in the Soviet league, in 1948 he played with Daugava Rīga. From 1949 to 1956 Pakalns was the coach of VEF Rīga which he led to the Latvian Cup in 1956.
Pakalns also played ice hockey and bandy. In the former he was a five-time champion of Latvia as a member of the ASK Riga hockey squad, in the latter - a two-time champion of Latvia. Pakalns was also the first captain of the newly founded Dinamo Riga ice hockey team in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19341100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341100" title="Bayangol">
Bayangol

Bayangol (Mongolian: "rich river") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19341106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341106" title="George Mavrikos">
George Mavrikos

George Mavrikos (born 1950) is the General Secretary of the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU) in Athens, Greece.
Biography.
Mavrikos comes from a cattle-breeding family from a small island of Greece, Europe. He worked for sixteen years in the branch of metal workers in a factory of agricultural machinery. He has participated in social struggles since he was a student. He was fired from his job for his political and trade union action on three occasions.
He has been an elected unionist since 1975. For many years, he was Chairman of the Private Employees Association of Athens. From 1993 until 1997 he served as General Secretary of the Greek General Confederation of Labor. From 1999-2008 he was at head of PAME (All Workers Militant Front). In 2000, he was elected Vice-President of the World Federation of Trade Unions in the 14th Congress of the WFTU in New Delhi, India. From 2000 to 2005 he was Coordinator of the European Regional Office of the WFTU. In the 15th WFTU Congress in Havana, Cuba, he was elected General Secretary.
In the general political elections in Greece in September 2007, he was elected Member of the Greek Parliament for the Greek Communist Party (KKE). Mavrikos served in that position until the 2012 elections. He received international attention in February 2012 when during the parliamentary debate he threw his copy of the draft of the austerity bill at the finance minister, Evangelos Venizelos.

</doc>
<doc id="19341125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341125" title="Riverside High School (Launceston)">
Riverside High School (Launceston)

Riverside High School is a public co-educational, comprehensive high school in Riverside, Launceston, Tasmania, Australia. It was opened in 1962, one of a number similar schools established around the same time. It caters for about 820 students in years 7 to 10.
Notable faculty.
Riverside Science teacher, William Briginshaw, was awarded Tasmania's Winifred Curtis Medal for his contributions to science education, in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19341155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341155" title="Vanessa Quai">
Vanessa Quai

Vanessa Diandra Sally Ann Kiristiana Quai, better known as Vanessa Quai, born July 13, 1988 in Port Vila, is a ni-Vanuatu singer.
Overview.
She recorded her first album, "To Aitape With Love" (recorded at Vanuata Production, produced at Pacific Gold Studio), as a child singer, aged 9, in 1998. In 1999, she was one of 3000 competitors at the South Pacific International Song contest held in Gold Coast, Queensland, and was the only child competitor. She won third prize in the Gospel/Inspirational Category. Later that same year, she took first prize at the Nile International Children Song Contest, in Cairo. 1999 was the year she "hit the international music scene", according to the "Vanuatu Weekly Hebdomadaire".
Quai's second, third and fourth albums -"Beautiful Pacific Islands", "The Untouched Paradise" and "Pacifika"- were released between 2000 and 2003. In 2004, her album "Promise" was a cooperation with Papua New Guinean group Soul Harmony, and was described as bearing a strong "R&B flavour".
In 2002, her song "Freedom" topped the radio charts in Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands, and ranked second on the charts in Papua New Guinea. In 2004, she won first prize at the International Teenagers Singing Competition, in Bucharest, with a jury presided over by Lane Davies.
In 2012, she was preparing her tenth album, and preparing for a tour in the United States in September. She performed at the Gentilly Festival in New Orleans.
Pacific Islands Radio describes her music as being primarily gospel songs, but also "rangfrom traditional to modern music". The "Papua New Guinea Post-Courier" describes her music as gospel music, "mixed with slow ballads, R‘n’B, hip hop and South Pacific flavour", and notes that she sings in "many languages", including Tok Pisin and Motu. Quai's mother is Fijian, and she also sings in Fijian. During a concert in the Solomon Islands in January 2009, her music was described as "a blend of island, reggae, dance and hip-hop beats".
Quai has been described by Pacific Islands Radio as "a very popular artist in the whole Pacific region". In 2004, the "Papua New Guinea Post-Courier" described her as "Vanuatu’s No.1 music artist, and one of the South Pacific’s best female singing sensations". The "Solomon Times" in 2007 described her as "very popular" in the Solomon Islands. The "Solomon Star" in 2008 described her as "a household name in the Pacific" and possibly "the most successful female artist in the region"; in 2012 described her as "the Pacific singing super-star". Her music is reportedly popular in French Polynesia, and in 2008 she became the first Melanesian singer to tour Tahiti.
In April 2009, "The Guardian" described Quai as one of Vanuatu's "living cultural icons".

</doc>
<doc id="19341194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341194" title="DJ Row">
DJ Row

DJ Row aka Nikos Fousias (born on May 7, 1983) is a Greek American dance DJ.
Biography.
DJ Row aka Nikos Fousias was born on May 7, 1983 in the United States, but grew up at the Greek island of Samos. After guest spots at bars, beach clubs and night clubs in Samos, he moved to Athens and became a resident DJ at bars and clubs in the area.
In November 2005, he decided to move back to Chicago. He has spun at parties alongside Tiesto, Ferry Corsten, Andy Moor, Above and Beyond, Cosmic Gate, Blank & Jones, Miss Nine, Montana, The Thrillseekers, Cedric Gervais, Matthew Dekay and many more. His schedule has taken him to clubs in Greece, USA, Turkey, Canada and the Netherlands.
2007 marked the beginning of his production career. He currently hosts a weekly radio show named "Trancegressive Vibes" in which he plays progressive, electro, and trance styles.
He won the award of best South East European Trance DJ in June 2008. He was ranked in The DJ List 81st in 2011, 69th in 2010 (which was his highest rank so far), 78th for 2009 & 84th for 2008 among over 210,000 DJs worldwide and also at the TOP-200 2 times so far,195th in 2007 and 198th 2005.Also he was 315th in 2006. For the past 3 years has been in the top 3 spot for Greece.
Discography.
Singles:
Remixes:

</doc>
<doc id="19341196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341196" title="Robert Edouard Moritz">
Robert Edouard Moritz

Robert Edouard Moritz (2 Jun 1868 – 28 Dec 1940) was a German-American mathematician.
He published about 75 books and papers. For over 30 years he was head of the mathematics department at the University of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19341205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341205" title="2001 German Figure Skating Championships">
2001 German Figure Skating Championships

The 2001 German Figure Skating Championships () were the German Figure Skating Championships for the 2000–2001 season. They were the figure skating national championship that determined the national champions of Germany for that season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating. 
The 2000–2001 competition took place in Oberstdorf, Germany from January 4th through 7th, 2001. Guest skaters from France competed in the pairs, ice dance and SYS events.

</doc>
<doc id="19341215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341215" title="J12">
J12

J12, J-12, J.12 or J 12 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19341252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341252" title="Hotel Corona de Aragón fire">
Hotel Corona de Aragón fire

The "Corona de Aragón" Fire, was a fire that killed at least 80 people in the five star ""Corona de Aragón"" Hotel in Zaragoza on 12 July 1979. At the time of the event the Hotel lodged high-profile General Franco family members Carmen Polo, Carmen Franco y Polo and Cristóbal Martínez Bordiú, as well as many high-ranking military personnel, five of whom died in the fire.
Details of the fire investigation were not openly disclosed and the authorities insisted that it was an accidental fire. But not long after the fire took place press reports voiced the opinion that ETA was the real culprit, but that its role was being silenced; other sources described the event as an intentional attack.
Controversy.
The official version of events provided at the time by the Spanish government insisted that the fire had been started accidentally by an oil fire in the Hotel café. The Spanish Council of State explicitly stated that they did not consider the fire to be an act of terrorism. However, some details of the fire investigation leaked to the press, disclosing that Napalm traces had been found in the rubble. Moreover some witnesses claimed to hear two explosions before the fire and a local newspaper ("Heraldo de Aragón") received two phone calls claiming authorship in the name of ETA (m) and the FRAP. The claim attributed to FRAP was unlikely, for the group was practically inactive after a number of its core members had been arrested in 1978.
The Terrorism Victims' Association (AVT) asked for official recognition of the fire as a terrorist attack. 
In the year 2000, relatives of the deceased started to receive benefits as terrorism victims. According to El Mundo that was an implicit recognition of ETA authorship. The Civil Guard website listed a high rank retired Civil Guard member deceased in the fire as a victim of ETA, and stated that many injured died after the fire, but were not included in the official account of 80 dead.

</doc>
<doc id="19341293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341293" title="Shin'ichi">
Shin'ichi

Shin'ichi or Shinichi is a very common masculine Japanese given name. "Shin" and "ichi" are separated and it is pronounced .
Possible writings.
Different kanji that are pronounced are combined with the kanji for " to give different names:
The names share the same furigana: しんいち.

</doc>
<doc id="19341325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341325" title="J13">
J13

J13, J-13 or J.13 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19341327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341327" title="Dalaketnon">
Dalaketnon

Dalaketnon were the bad "engkanto". "Dalaketnons" appeared as tall and handsome males and beautiful females. They dress in fashionable manner, live in mansions and try to fit in with mortal people. Some believe that the only way to "Dalaket", their dwelling place, is by entering the "Dalaket" trees. These creatures abduct people and take them to their world. They hold a feast for their victims and force them to eat the Black Rice that put them under their spell making them their slaves.
"Dalaketnons" were known to be rather beautiful elitists. They have a bit of a "coño", a kind of telekinesis as well as corporeal duplication—meaning they could generate tangible, living copies of themselves indefinitely, and their hairs and eyes turn white whenever they power manifests.
The "Dalaketnons" were have a normal contact with human but the human didn't know that they were engkanto. Old folks believed that "Dalaketnons" can change an ordinary human into creatures like them. They uses a magical black rice to change their victims into a "Dalaketnon". It was also believed that they were the mortal enemies of the good "engkanto". They were from the royal blood of bad engkantos that served as their ruler. They were associated to be the masters of "Aswang", "Bal-Bal", "Wak Wak", "Manananggal", "Amalanhig", and even "Tiktik".

</doc>
<doc id="19341331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341331" title="Canton of Blangy-sur-Bresle">
Canton of Blangy-sur-Bresle

The Canton of Blangy-sur-Bresle is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming, forestry and light industry (especially glassmaking) in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Blangy-sur-Bresle. The altitude varies from 27m (Monchaux-Soreng) to 223m (Villers-sous-Foucarmont) with an average altitude of 122m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Blangy-sur-Bresle comprises 19 communes and a total of 10,859 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19341333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341333" title="Cottesbrooke Hall">
Cottesbrooke Hall

Cottesbrooke Hall and the Cottesbrooke estate in Northamptonshire, England is a Grade I listed country house and estate reputed to be the inspiration for Jane Austen's Mansfield Park, published 1814.
Location.
The Hall and estate are approx. 10 miles (16 km) north of the town of Northampton along the A5199 road just 1 mile (0.5 km) north of the village of Creaton. The village of Cottesbrooke is adjacent to the estate.
Hall and estate.
The Hall is a near-perfect example of Queen Anne architecture located in a large parkland setting with wide views across the local countryside. It is constructed in brick with ashlar dressings and lead and slate roofs with a 7-window frontage. The building was begun in 1702 and finished in 1713 by Sir John Langham and remains today largely unaltered, although some extensions were later carried out by Robert Mitchell c1770-95. It is home to the Woolavington Collection, one of the most extensive collections of sporting paintings in the world. 
The Hall is set in the 18th century landscaped Cottesbrooke Park, and has fine furniture, the interior decoration, grounds and gardens. It was winner of the Historic Houses Association/Christie's " 'Garden of the Year' " Award in 2000.
The building and grounds are open to the public from May to September only. The times are very limited and visitors should book in advance if requiring tours of the house. The best access route to the main visitor entrance is via the signposted turn east off the A5199 at Creaton.
The Cottesbrooke estate was purchased in 1635 by Sir John Langham, 1st Baronet, a rich London merchant and MP. It descended in the Langham family to the 4th Baronet, who in 1702 began the building of the present hall. Sir James Langham, 7th Baronet was High Sheriff of Northamptonshire for 1897 and MP for Northamptonshire from 1784 to 1790. Sir James, the 11th baronet, had mental issues and the estate was managed by Sir Herbert Langham, his brother and eventual successor. In 1877 the Hall was let for several months to the Empress Elisabeth of Austria as a base for a hunting holiday. In 1911 financial presuures forced the family to sell the estate to Captain Robert Bingham Brassey, MP and move to County Fermanagh. Since 1937 Cottesbrooke has been the home of the MacDonald-Buchanan family. In 1937-8 they employed Lord Gerald Wellesley (later the 7th Duke of Wellington) to make alterations to the Hall, including changing the entrance front to the other side of the house.
Gardens.
The gardens today are entirely 20th century. The architect Robert Weir Schultz, 1860–1951, designed a sunken courtyard garden with a pool and pergola, and a long paved terrace walk between mixed borders and overshadowed by old Lebanon cedars. A pair of 18th century gates lead to pleached limes and a statue of a gladiator. A statue walk with yew hedges has four fine statues by Peter Scheemakers originally in the Temple of Ancient Virtue at Stowe and bought in 1938. South of the house, which was originally the entrance façade, a new garden surrounded by wrought-iron railings was laid out in 1937 by Sir Geoffrey Jellicoe in the form of a quadripartite parterre, with topiary shapes of common and golden yew disposed among lead statues, beds of ‘Iceberg’ roses, and tubs of agapanthus.

</doc>
<doc id="19341337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341337" title="Top Rope Promotions">
Top Rope Promotions

Top Rope Promotions, formerly known as Yankee Pro Wrestling, is a Northeastern independent professional wrestling promotion based in New Bedford, Massachusetts and is the largest promotion in the southern New England-area rivaling other Northeastern promotions including Chaotic Wrestling, the Millennium Wrestling Federation and New England Championship Wrestling. Its wrestling school The Lock-Up is responsible for training several leading independent wrestlers. Along with its head trainer Matt Hyson, their seminars have been hosted by Ring of Honor alumni Jamie Noble and A.J. Styles. A number of independent wrestlers competed in Yankee Pro Wrestling during their early careers including Amanda Storm, Andy Jaxx, DC Drake, Slyck Wagner Brown, Johnny Heartbreaker, Shark Boy, Christian York, Metal Maniac, Robbie Ellis, Rick Fuller and Dan "The Beast" Severn.
The promotion has also regularly featured former World Wrestling Federation veterans including "Mr. USA" Tony Atlas, Koko B. Ware, "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, Junkyard Dog, Nikolai Volkoff, Greg "The Hammer" Valentine, George "The Animal" Steele, King Kong Bundy, Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake, Tito Santana, "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka, The Bushwhackers (Bushwhacker Butch and Bushwhacker Luke) and The Nasty Boys (Brian Knobs and Jerry Sags) as well as managers Mr. Fuji, Capt. Lou Albano and Luna Vachon Who was the Promotions last Women's champion. Others who have made appearances include Kamala, Bastion Booger, Doink The Clown, Gangrel, Virgil, Rick "The Model" Martel, Marty Jannetty, Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart, Tatanka, Scotty 2 Hotty, Chad Toland, Steve Bradley and "WWE Tough Enough" contestants Jonah, Chris Nowinski, and Luke Robinson.
Following the close of Extreme Championship Wrestling, several ECW mainstays such as Amish Roadkill, Dawn Marie, Simon Diamond, Perry Saturn, Tony DeVito, Little Guido, Jerry Lynn, Steve Corino, Justin Credible, Julio Dinero, Chris Hamrick, Big Dick Dudley and Joel Gertner had brief stints in the promotion. In recent years, TNA wrestlers Christy Hemme, Talia, Abyss, Jay Lethal, Joey Matthews and Ron "The Truth" Killings, Bully Ray, and Brother Devon have also made appearances.
History.
The promotion began holding events in the Fall River-New Bedford area during the early-1980s, picking up the old territorial area previously run by the World Wide Wrestling Federation during the 1970s. After going through several name changes and owners, the promotion changed its name from "New England Wrestling Association" to "Yankee Pro Wrestling" during the 1990s. During this time, the promotion gained a strong following in southern New England regularly bringing in former WWF stars from the 1980s and 90s. Through its wrestling school, the promotion would also feature many wrestlers who later competed in World Wrestling Entertainment, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, Ring of Honor and the independent circuit.
In 2000, head booker 21-year old Steve Ricard bought out the promotion. Under the "Top Rope Promotions" banner, he continued running monthly shows in the Fall River-New Bedford area successfully making between $500–$5,000 a show. The majority of its shows were held at PAL Hall in Fall River and the Top Rope Arena in New Bedford. The promotion also ran a weekly cable television program in the local area.
In addition to monthly events at the PAL Hall in Fall River, Top Rope Promotions runs events at the Creative Auction Centers in Fall River and New Bedford, the historic Adams-Turners Hall in Adams, and the Elks Lodge in Franklin. Top Rope Promotions also appears at the annual Whaling City Festival at Buttonwood Park in New Bedford and at the annual Wolcott Country Fair in Wolcott, Connecticut. The promotion also holds annual events at Outdoor World campground in Sturbridge, Massachusetts, and also appears on occasion at The Wapping Fair in South Windsor Connecticut, however they have not been since 2008.
Scott Hall incident.
On April 8, 2011, one day after his rumored overdose, Hall showed up clearly intoxicated to his appearance at a Top Rope Promotions wrestling show in Massachusetts. Hall, who was still wearing a hospital bracelet, was in such poor condition that he had to be helped into the ring by two men because he was unable to walk on his own. Hall proceeded to cut a promo and was confronted by a local wrestler named Gorgeous Gino Giovanni, who was trying to begin a match with Justin Credible. Most of the fans were confused by his behavior, while some understood what was happening and proceeded to heckle Hall to the point where he yelled back at the crowd. Unfortunately, Scott was apparently so impaired that he thought he was in England instead of New England, and called the crowd a bunch of Wankers, which is a British insult. After the match between Giovanni and Credible ended, Hall, who was still slurring, tried to goad Giovanni to come back into the ring. Former wrestler, Scotty 2 Hotty was at the show and said seeing Hall in that condition was one of the saddest, most embarrassing things he has ever witnessed, and asked how many people have to die before they learn. After the event, Hall was on hand for autograph signings and was clearly still intoxicated.
TMZ reported on April 9, 2011, that Hall was taken to the hospital following his appearance at an indy wrestling show in Massachusetts a day earlier. Hall was treated for cardiac issues and remained in the hospital for three days. Hall was reported to be on ten different medications, which TMZ reports led to his overdose on April 7, although his agent quickly denied that report.
Top Rope Promotions released a statement on April 11, 2011 regarding Hall's behavior and performance at their April 8 show. 31 year old owner Steve Ricard said that Hall arrived the day before the event in a wheelchair with 3 bottles of prescription pills in his possession though the following day he showed in the state he was in demanding appearance fee although he was already paid. Hall made many threats to the staff and made many demands about money and when he would perform. According to Ricard, Hall was threatening to "kill if [he 'screwed' over."
That same year on the E-60 documentary from ESPN it is discussed with the owner of Top Rope the incident involving wrestler Scott Hall at a Top Rope event. The owner basically in his own words stated that "he didn't know Scott Hall so he paid him and put him out there" referring to Scott Hall being brought to the ring in a bad state and after even having him sign autographs. Wrestler Sean Waltman also added on the special that it was awful and that the owner of Top Rope was wrong for doing this. Scott Hall that night was taken to the hospital and admitted.

</doc>
<doc id="19341343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341343" title="Iridium hexafluoride">
Iridium hexafluoride

Iridium hexafluoride, also iridium(VI) fluoride, (IrF6) is a compound of iridium and fluorine and one of the seventeen known binary hexafluorides. It is one of only a few compounds with iridium in its highest oxidation state, +6.
Synthesis.
Iridium hexafluoride is made by a direct reaction of iridium metal in an excess of elemental fluorine gas at 300 °C. However, it is thermally unstable and must be frozen out of the gaseous reaction mixture to avoid dissociation.
Description.
Iridium hexafluoride is a yellow crystalline solid that melts at 44 °C and boils at 53.6 °C. The solid structure measured at −140 °C is orthorhombic space group "Pnma". Lattice parameters are "a" = 9.411 Å, "b" = 8.547 Å, and "c" = 4.952 Å. There are four formula units (in this case, discrete molecules) per unit cell, giving a density of 5.11 g·cm−3.
The IrF6 molecule itself (the form important for the liquid or gas phase) has octahedral molecular geometry, which has point group ("Oh"). The Ir–F bond length is 1.833 Å.

</doc>
<doc id="19341365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341365" title="Otxarkoaga-Txurdinaga">
Otxarkoaga-Txurdinaga

Otxarkoaga-Txurdinaga is the third district of the city of Bilbao, Basque Country (Spain). It is divided into the neighbourhoods of Otxarkoaga and Txurdinaga. It has an area of 389.94 hectares and a population of 29,690 inhabitants (2005), being one of the least densely populated districts of the city.
History.
These two neighbourhoods were historically part of the old parish of Begoña. In these areas existed vineyards for the elaboration of the traditional Txakoli white wine, this has given the inhabitants the nickname of "Matxorris", from Basque language "Mahats"=grape and "orri"=plant.
Transport.
The Bilbobus and BizkaiBus bus lines have stops in the district. An EuskoTren rapid transit line will be built through the district, connecting it to the underground network.

</doc>
<doc id="19341367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341367" title="Shenyang J-13">
Shenyang J-13

The Shenyang J-13 (Chinese: 歼-13; traditional: 殲-13) was a long-running Chinese project by Shenyang Aircraft Corporation to develop a light-weight, single engine fighter aircraft, that was ultimately cancelled.
Development.
As early as 1971, Shenyang Aircraft Corporation's 601 Institute had been designing a replacement for the People's Liberation Army Air Force's (PLAAF) aging fleet of Shenyang J-6 fighter jets (the Shenyang J-6 was a copy of the Soviet Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-19 'Farmer') . By 1973 airframes were being tested for their aerodynamic configuration through a wind tunnel. In 1974, the PLAAF formally proposed the development of a replacement for the Shenyang J-6 for the 1980s by a light-weight air-superiority fighter aircraft capable of achieving speeds of up to mach 2.0. In the same year, testing was done on twenty different wing configurations. In 1976, testing on the material and the selection of electronics and avionic equipment to be used for the airframe were undertaken. Seven different airframes were tested in total. As progress on the airframe continued, a constant problem that had arisen in similar Chinese fighter aircraft projects, such as the Chengdu J-9 and Nanchang J-12, met the J-6 replacement project; the lack of viable, high performance engine. Initially planning to use the WS-9 turbofan engine (a copy of the British Rolls-Royce Spey Mk. 202 engine), setbacks in its development led to initial testing with the WS-6 turbofan engine (which was capable of providing 12,200 kg of thrust). The WS-9 (9,300 kg of thrust) was finally completed by 1980 but would prove to be unable to properly power a single-engine fighter and would later go on to power the twin-engine Xian JH-7 fighter-bomber. In August 1978, an Egyptian Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23MS 'Flogger-E' was sent to the 601 Institute and by March 1979 an order to reverse engineer the MiG-23's Tumansky R-29 turbojet engine was placed for use by the project, which by the late 1970s had finalised its design and officially been allocated the designation J-13. The Chinese R-29 copy, called the 'WS-15' (capable of 12,500 kg of wet thrust), like the earlier WS-6 engine, proved to be underwhelming. Delays caused by engine problems, and the success of Shenyang's redesigned Shenyang J-8II caused funding to be severely cut by 1981. The project was technically not cancelled outright though but placed on low-priority. A new list of operational requirements for the J-13 were set in the late 1980s. These requirements were, for the J-13 be able to combat other, newly introduced fighters such as the Mikoyan MiG-29 and F-16 Fighting Falcon. The project was eventually abandoned in the early 1990s due the success of Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group's Chengdu J-10 project. From the various aerodynamic tests on the seven different airframes, one airframe in particular the J-13V was later incorporated into the further development of Chengdu's J-10 project.
The designation J-13 may be reused to designate production versions of the J-XX.
Design details.
The J-13 was to be a single-engine, single-seat, light-weight, indigenously developed, air-superiority fighter. The J-13's finalised design was a cantilever winged fighter with fuselage side mounted air intakes. The airframe was designed for high speed and high-altitude interception with limited secondary air-to-ground capabilities, the J-13 possessed a service ceiling of over 19000 metres, a maximum speed of mach 2.45 and a climb rate of 254 m/s (50,000 ft/min). The maximum range has been stated to be 2340 km and a maximum overload of +9Gs. Although an entirely a Chinese design and unrelated, the J-13 has a striking resemblance of the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter fighter aircraft, which was developed decades earlier. Although never armed, the finalised design briefly outlined provisions for a cannon and at least two wingtip-mounted, PL-5 missiles.

</doc>
<doc id="19341371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341371" title="Zoll surface">
Zoll surface

In mathematics, a Zoll surface, named after Otto Zoll, is a surface homeomorphic to the 2-sphere, equipped with a Riemannian metric all of whose geodesics are closed and of equal length. While the usual unit-sphere metric on "S"2 obviously has this property, it also has an infinite-dimensional family of geometrically distinct deformations which are still Zoll surfaces. In particular, most Zoll surfaces do not have constant curvature.
Zoll, a student of David Hilbert, discovered the first non-trivial examples.

</doc>
<doc id="19341397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341397" title="Headtrip to Nowhere">
Headtrip to Nowhere

Headtrip to Nowhere is the major label debut album by the Canadian heavy metal band Flybanger. It was released on February 20, 2001, through Columbia Records. The CD is enhanced to include a video of the song "Outlived", not otherwise heard on the disc. The album was preceded by a 5-track "Outlived" EP which was released through Gotham Records. This included an additional disc with two tracks that later appeared on "Headtrip to Nowhere". This album was Flybanger's only major release before disbanding.
Overview.
According to the vocalist Garth Allen, the band was given "100% complete creative control" by Columbia. The album was produced by Matt Wallace, known for his work with Faith No More and Deftones among other successful bands. Indeed, two songs feature a guest appearance by the former Faith No More guitarist Jim Martin. The third and final single to be released from the album, "Blind World", was used on the "Dracula 2000" film soundtrack.
Various subject matters are examined in "Headtrip to Nowhere". Allen described "Cavalry" as having "sort of a "Mad Max" vibe to it" and adding, "It's a futuristic story about a guy who refuses to conform to the new world order." The track "Evelyn", explained Allen, "delves into the downward spiral of the human spirit." The hype revolving Y2K is examined in the single "Blind World"; the singer noted, "On New Year's Day, people actually seemed disappointed that there were no earthquakes or mass destruction the night before. They acted as if they'd been ripped off. It was ridiculous." Explicit references to the dark world of drug use are also made in "Crackballs".
The album cover photo shows Sean Evans, the art director. The band was working on a photo shoot in the desert at an old gold mine with various mechanical objects inside. This is thought to be where the eye piece was found. The album's title comes from the lyrics to "Evelyn", which the band felt suited the cover photo. That track may have been considered for a single as Allen considered it "like our little jewel in our back pocket we're going to bring out later."
Touring.
In promotion of "Headtrip to Nowhere", Flybanger toured with Clutch and Corrosion of Conformity before performing shows with extreme metal bands like Sepultura, Soulfly, Hatebreed and Chimaira in early 2001. That summer, they joined nu metal bands like Stereomud, Endo and The Union Underground for the Pain & Suffering tour. A DVD was released of the tour which included a live performance of "Cavalry".
Reception.
While not a significant commercial success, "Headtrip to Nowhere" was critically praised for its allegiance to traditional heavy metal and neglect for popular styles of the time such as nu metal. William Ruhlmann of AllMusic commended drummer Rob Wade for his engaging rhythms, noting "His work makes the band's music far more impressive than it would be otherwise." Natalie Hawk of "Fast Forward" magazine cited bass guitarist Tom MacDonald's work among the most outstanding and compared the overall style to that of Pantera. However, the large number of expletives used throughout the album, as well as its lack of musical originality, drew criticism, particularly from Jason Thompson of PopMatters. Many album reviews also panned the song "Crackballs" particularly.
CANOE's Mike Ross expressed overwhelming disappointment in the album's overly produced sound: "Every power chord, scream, atonal riff, gritty lyric and thundering groove - there's way too much going on, that's another thing with the album - has been polished to perfection, sucking the life out of what could've been a worthy new hard-rock record." Contrary to other reviewers, however, Ross showed favor toward "Crack Balls". He also foresaw Flybanger as an exceptional live act but summed up the review by calling "Headtrip to Nowhere" "middle of the road metal".

</doc>
<doc id="19341426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341426" title="Canton of Dieppe-Est">
Canton of Dieppe-Est

The Canton of Dieppe-Est is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming, light industry and fishing area in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the port and town of Dieppe. 
Composition.
The Canton of Dieppe-Est comprises 8 communes and a total of 19,555 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19341427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341427" title="J14">
J14

J14, J-14 or J.14 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19341437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341437" title="Kwami Kacla Eninful">
Kwami Kacla Eninful

Kwami Eninful (born 20 November 1984) is a Togolese footballer, he plays for AS La Marsa.
Career.
He began his career 2002 by the Togolese based club AS Douanes Lomé and moved in January 2006 to Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldova. In January 2008 he was loaned out from Sheriff to the Libyan top club Al-Ittihad Tripoli and played ten games for the club before he moved back in July 2008 to Sheriff. On 15 July 2009 Eninful signed for Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club Union Sportive Monastir. After one season with Union Sportive Monastir joined to Tunisian rival AS La Marsa.

</doc>
<doc id="19341440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341440" title="Ccoms">
Ccoms

Ccoms, an abbreviation for "chat commands", is any program that employs text-based commands typed into an AOL chat room to control a third-party program, usually an mp3 player or password cracker. The programs utilized many of AOL's API functions to operate and were usually programmed in the Visual Basic language. The most popular website used for obtaining these programs at their height of popularity was the now-defunct Lenshell.com. Lenshell was picked back up by the original owner Beav and archive was formed Lenshellarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="19341477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341477" title="Canton of Dieppe-Ouest">
Canton of Dieppe-Ouest

The Canton of Dieppe-Ouest is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A fishing and light industrial area in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Dieppe, Seine-Maritime. 
Composition.
The Canton of Dieppe-Ouest comprises 1 commune and a total of 20,777 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19341493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341493" title="1982 Chatham Cup">
1982 Chatham Cup

The 1982 Chatham Cup was the 55th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye until the Fourth Round of the competition. In all, 125 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1982 final.
Mount Wellington won the league/cup double for the second time, the first club to do so. Miramar Rangers' team included England's John Fashanu, who would later win an FA Cup winner's medal with Wimbledon FC. He is the first — and the only — player to play in both a Chatham Cup final and an FA Cup final.
The final was deadlocked for the entirety of normal time, and for the first period of extra time. The only goal came two minutes into the second half of extra time with a shot from Keith Nelson for the Mount. Despite the low score, the final was an exciting one, with Miramar soaking up the Mount's attacks and then countering with dangerous breaks.
Results.
Fourth Round.
† Gisborne City disqualified
Western AFC received a bye through to the fifth round.

</doc>
<doc id="19341496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341496" title="Ekek">
Ekek

In Philippine mythology, Ekek (or Ek Ek) are creatures who are bird-like humans. They are winged-humans who search for victims at night. They hunger for flesh and blood. They are usually described by old folks as flying creatures that look like the "Manananggal" but are unable to divide or split their body. Apart from the "Manananggal", they are also associated to the "Wak Wak" because of some similar characteristics. The only difference between a "Wak Wak" and "Ekek" is that "Ekek" has a bill like birds whereas the "Wak Wak" has none. 
The "Ekek" can transform into a huge bird/bat at night and prowls. Similar to the Manananggal, the "Ekek" looks for sleeping pregnant women. Then it extends a very long proboscis into the womb and kills the fetus by draining its blood. It is said that while this is taking place, a "ek-ek-ek" sound is often heard. The "Ekek" fools people into thinking it is far by producing a faint sound when it is actually near.

</doc>
<doc id="19341502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341502" title="Dominic Naylor">
Dominic Naylor

Dominic Naylor (born August 12, 1970) is an English former footballer who played as a left-sided defender and midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19341507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341507" title="John Bazely">
John Bazely

Admiral John Bazely (March 1740 – 22 April 1809) was an experienced and highly respected officer of the British Royal Navy who served in three wars and saw numerous actions, notably during the American War of Independence. He first gained notice with the capture of the American brig USS "Lexington" in 1777, following which he was rapidly promoted and by 1779 was a post captain and fought in engagements under Augustus Keppel and George Rodney with some success. He later served in the Channel Fleet under Lord Howe and fought at the Glorious First of June, although his career stagnated during the French Revolutionary Wars and he was unemployed for the final decade of his life, despite his being "regarded with respect and gratitude by his compatriots at large".
Early career.
Bazely was born in Dover to a "respectable family", and after completing his education, joined the Royal Navy in 1755 at the age of 15. his first ship was HMS "Ambuscade" under the command of Joshua Rowley, in which he saw the outbreak of the Seven Years War. In January 1756, Bazely transferred to HMS "Hampshire", under the command of Captain Edward Hughes. Remaining with Hughes throughout various commissions, Bazely was promoted to lieutenant in 1760 and in 1777, with the outbreak of the American War of Independence, was given his own command: the small cutter HMS "Alert".
American War of Independence.
Bazely's first action was off Ushant on 22 September 1777, when the 10-gun "Alert" sighted and engaged the becalmed 16-gun American ship USS "Lexington". A three-hour duel from 07:00 to 10:00, seriously damaged both ships. The American vessel attempted to escape to the south but Bazely gave chase and caught his opponent at 13:00. By 13:30 he had forced the "Lexington" to surrender; she had suffered seven killed and 11 wounded to the "Alert's" two dead and three wounded. A prize crew then sailed "Lexington" to Britain. Bazely was lauded and immediately promoted to commander, making the jump to post captain in April 1778 and taking command of the new second-rate HMS "Formidable" as flag captain to Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser.
"Formidable" was in action soon after Bazely took command, at the First Battle of Ushant. Bazely was heavily engaged, and "Formidable" suffered 16 killed and 49 wounded in the battle. The aftermath of the engagement was characterised by bad feeling between Palliser and Augustus Keppel, who each blamed the other for the failure to defeat the French squadron. Both demanded courts-martial to determine their measure of responsibility, and Bazely notoriously failed to back up Palliser when called to give evidence at Keppel's trial. As a result, Bazely was hastily given command of the frigate HMS "Pegasus" in order that he should not be available to appear at Palliser's court martial. Both admirals were controversially acquitted of any wrongdoing, but the enmity bred from this dispute lasted years.
"Pegasus" was attached to George Rodney's fleet for the relief of the Great Siege of Gibraltar, and was present at both of Rodney's actions in the campaign to relieve the fortress, participating in the seizure of a Spanish armaments convoy off Cape Finisterre on 8 January 1780 and subsequently fighting at the Battle of Cape St Vincent eight days later, where a Spanish attempt to intercept the British fleet was destroyed. "Pegasus" accompanied Rodney to Gibraltar and was subsequently involved in the inconclusive Battle of Martinique in the West Indies. Bazely carried the dispatches of the battle back to Britain and was soon given command of HMS "Apollo" and then HMS "Amphion".
In "Amphion", Bazely served off the Eastern Seaboard of North America, supporting British troops at the Battle of Groton Heights and overseeing the burning of New London, Connecticut and the military stores within the town. At the end of the war, Bazely remained in service, commanding the HMS "Alfred" at Chatham during the ten years of peace.
French Revolutionary Wars.
Bazely returned to active service in 1793 at the outbreak of the French Revolutionary War. Operating with the Channel Fleet under Lord Howe, "Alfred" was engaged in the Atlantic campaign of May 1794 and fought at the Glorious First of June. For unknown reasons, Bazely failed to follow Lord Howe's battle plans and was thus not heavily engaged in the action, his ship suffering only eight men wounded. As a result, Bazely was among those captains omitted from the list of captains awarded the commemorative medal for the battle, omissions which caused severe divisions in the Navy.
In February 1795, Bazely was appointed to HMS "Blenheim", which he took to the Mediterranean to serve under Lord Hotham. "Blenheim" fought at the Battle of Hyères shortly after its arrival in the Mediterranean, but was not closely engaged. On 1 June 1795, Bazely was promoted to rear-admiral and briefly held temporary commands at the Downs and the Nore stations before being placed in retirement by 1797. Bazely never again served on active duty, retiring to Edinburgh and gradually advancing as a retired admiral until he reached the rank of full admiral shortly before his death in April 1809. He had two sons, John Bazely, Jr. (who later became an admiral himself) and Henry Bazely.

</doc>
<doc id="19341530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341530" title="Abdoul-Gafar Mamah">
Abdoul-Gafar Mamah

Abdoul-Gafar Mamah (born 24 August 1985) is a Togolese footballer who plays for FC Dacia Chişinău on loan from FC Alania Vladikavkaz as a full back.
International career.
Born in Lomé, Mamah represented the Togo national football team by the 2002 African Cup of Nations in Mali and 2006 Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19341533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341533" title="Husref Musemić">
Husref Musemić

Husref Musemić (born 4 July 1961) is a Bosnian football manager and former player.
Club career.
Born in the town of Janja, near Bijeljina, PR Bosnia-Herzegovina, FPR Yugoslavia, he begin his career playing in the local club FK Radnik Bijeljina, competing back then in the Yugoslav Second League group West. In 1979 he joined Yugoslav First League side FK Sarajevo, where he will play the following 6 seasons. He was an important member of the memorable Sarajevo's squad that won the 1984–85 Yugoslav Championship, which gave him a ticket to a move in that summer to Red Star Belgrade.
In Belgrade he represented the red&white's for the following four seasons, having in the meantime won another Yugoslav championship in 1988. He moved abroad in summer 1989 by joining Hearts but he only played the first half of the 1989–90 Scottish Premier Division, as during the winter break he returned to Yugoslavia and joined his former club, FK Sarajevo.
By then, Sarajevo had already been deconstructed the championship winning squad from 1985, so a year after returning from Scotland, Musemić was moving abroad again, this time to the Netherlands by joining FC Twente. He played 9 games in the second half of the 1990–91 Eredivisie season, but in the following season he only managed to play one match, so he spent the second part of the season playing with VVV-Venlo. Before retiring he still played in Germany between 1992 and 1994 with SC Pfullendorf in the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg where he got the chance to show his scoring skills by netting 16 times in 32 matches.
National team.
He made his debut, and only match for the Yugoslav national team in a friendly match played in Timişoara, Romania, on 30 March 1983, in a Yugoslav victory of 2–0 against Romania.
Later, after the break-up of SFR Yugoslavia, in 1995, he was part of the first ever official match of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Coaching career.
After retiring from playing, he begin his coaching career. Initially, he coached NK Đerzelez in the late 1990s, and afterwords he worked at FK Sarajevo as the assistant of coaches such as Mehmed Janjoš, Nermin Hadžiahmetović and Predrag Pašić, before becoming club's main coach and winning the 2006–07 Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Honours.
Manager.
FK Sarajevo

</doc>
<doc id="19341560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341560" title="Pretoria Wireless Users Group">
Pretoria Wireless Users Group

Pretoria Wireless Users Group is a South African wireless users group. It is non-profit community organization providing a Wireless community network in Pretoria, the capital of South Africa.
PTAWUG has been created as the community’s answer to South Africa’s restrictive telecommunications environment. The South African telecommunications industry has been marked by poor service delivery, monopolistic practices and prohibitively high prices.
Founded on 28 July 2007, PTAWUG embodies the African spirit of Ubuntu. Its constitution guarantees openness, free participation and equality to all members of the Wireless User Group. PTAWUG is exclusively funded by donations from the community. Highsite installation and maintenance is conducted by volunteers in their spare time. PTAWUG exemplifies the proverbial open source Bazaar – no management team, no hierarchies, equal participation.
PTAWUG is the 3rd largest wireless network organization in the world, behind AWMN (Greece), TWMN (Greece). These two networks provide internet as well, which PTAWUG doesn't, so counting community networks that don't provide internet - PTAWUG is the largest on earth.
The aim of the network is to provide free TCP/IP communications in and around South Africa’s capital to hobbyists, researchers and other non-commercial users. The network is used for gaming, voip, file transfers and various other IP based services. 
PTAWUG connects members from vastly different backgrounds and social standings and provides a sandbox for technology experimentation and community skills development.
Community.
PTAWUG unites a number of people in the IT field, sharing of information as well as learning helps member to progress. The community is responsible for the network - volunteers maintain the highsites physically as well as the software configuration thereof.
This knowledge and these skills which are learnt by "playing" with WiFi networks is very valuable to South Africa and Africa as there is a great skills shortage in South Africa and on the continent.
PTAWUG is an inclusive network, no one is denied access, it is built totally on openness and collaboration between members. There is no hierarchy on the network, all users are equal. The ages of members connected to PTAWUG range from teens to 60+, different income groups and races are represented as well. 
There is an administration team that keeps the technical side of the network running, consisting of about 25 people. 
Regular meetings are held where new developments are discussed, the great South African tradition of a braai is part of these meetings.
The main communication medium on PTAWUG is IRC as this technology enables all the 'wuggers' to speak to each other, using PCs or cellphones, at the same time to easily plan expansion or discuss hardware/software problems on the network.
Many of the skills members learn by using and being involved in the network they apply in their careers.
Network Infrastructure.
The lack of a stable periodical income prevents PTAWUG from renting equipment space on commercial towers in and around Pretoria, and all highsites are put up on privately owned properties, with the permission of the owners. Private properties and homes located in high areas are most frequently used for highsites as they have good line of sight to the surrounding areas providing greater coverage for connecting clients. There are currently four towers in use of which three were built by the members as a team and access to the other one was arranged by one of the members. The rest of the highsites are located either on high buildings (like office blocks) or at private residences in strategic places.
Some facts and stats:
Services Provided.
All services are community built. The nature of the TCP/IP network provided serves as an opportunity for any user to install and provide Servers or services for many possible applications. Due to the cost of Internet Services in South Africa, many of these services provide free and open access to services that would otherwise deem a costly exercise.
Growth.
In the past year (2007-2008) the network has exploded from 4 users to 500+ users, all helping each other, playing games, sharing tips etc.
The network grows at the rate about 10 new users a month. PTAWUG has also extended its network by connecting to several other wireless networks including JAWUG (Johannesburg Wireless Users Group). The exponential growth is mainly attributable to the free-for-all and open community principals governing PTAWUG, as users contribute their time, income and knowledge freely without hindrance of a governing body. The vast interest in IT and ICT amongst a very broad range of South Africans, coupled with the limitations in affordable South African commercial communication solutions further ensure rapid growth of PTAWUG, and other South African wireless user groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19341570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341570" title="Pedro Osores de Ulloa">
Pedro Osores de Ulloa

Pedro Osores de Ulloa (Saa, Vigo, 1554 – Concepcion, Chile, September 18, 1624) was Royal Governor of the Kingdom of Chile from November 1621 to September 1624. He replaced Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor. On his death bed Osores appointed his brother-in-law Francisco de Álava y Nureña as temporary governor of the Kingdom of Chile on September 1624. Was a knight of the Order of Alcántara

</doc>
<doc id="19341571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341571" title="Diganth">
Diganth

Diganth Manchale, mononymously known as Diganth, is an Indian film actor and a former model. His works are primarily seen in Kannada cinema.
Diganth made his acting debut in "Miss California" in 2006. He is perhaps best known for his performance as "Doodhpeda", in "Gaalipata" (2008). His performances for the films such as "Pancharangi" (2010), "Lifeu Ishtene" (2011) and "Parijatha" (2012) earned him much fame and pushed him to be among the top league actors of Kannada cinema.
Personal life.
Diganth Manchale was born in Sagara, Karnataka. He completed his schooling in Seva Bharathi and pre-university in Tunga Mahavidyalaya, Thirthahalli. Mr. Krishnamurthy, a professor, and Mallika Krishnamurthy are his father and mother. Diganth has an elder brother. He has completed his Bachelor's Degree in Commerce and was into modelling and later joined the Kannada film industry in 2006.
Career.
His career resurrected post 2010 with successful projects such as "Manasaare", "Pancharangi", "Lifeu Ishtene" and "Parijatha". All these films brought him much popularity and stardom. He went on to sign in as a lead actor in director Indrajith Lankeshs "Dev Son of Mudde Gowda" in 2012 which evoked mixed reactions. 
In 2013, he is all set to make his Bollywood debut in the Vikram Bhatt production "1920 London" also starring Prachi Desai that will go on the floors by the end of March and be shot in Mumbai and London.

</doc>
<doc id="19341572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341572" title="Komlan Amewou">
Komlan Amewou

Komlan Amewou (born 15 December 1983 in Lomé) is a Togolese football player who plays for Nîmes Olympique.
Career.
He came in January 2008 from Togo based club OC Agaza to Norwegian football team Strømsgodset IF. Before moving back to Togo he was one of the best midfielders in Ghana, he played for Heart of Lions in Kpandu. On 11 June 2010, the French Ligue 2 club Nîmes Olympique signed the Togolese midfielder on a 3-years contract, he joined for an undisclosed fee from Norwegian side Strømsgodset IF.
International career.
Amewou is since 2000 member of the Togo national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19341580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341580" title="Winston Simon">
Winston Simon

Winston "Spree" Simon (1930 – 18 April 1976) was an inventor, pioneer and musician of the Steel Pan.
Life.
Simon was born in Rosehill, East Dry River, Port of Spain, Trinidad. He is credited with the invention of the "Ping Pong" Steel Pan instrument.
Simon also was part of TASPO, the "Trinidad All Steel Percussion Orchestra" and visited Great Britain in 1951.
Winston "Spree" Simon worked closely with Anthony Williams who later on invented the fourth and fifth Soprano Pan. Simon also gave Bertie Marshall significant impulses for his work in developing harmonical tuning.
The American musician and composer Van Dyke Parks celebrated the life of Winston Simon in the song Tribute to Spree on his album Clang of the Yankee Reaper written and first recorded by Lord Kitchener. He loved pan music.

</doc>
<doc id="19341600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341600" title="Scolmatore dell'Arno">
Scolmatore dell'Arno

Lo Scolmatore dell'Arno (The Arno floodway) is a artificial flood control channel of the river Arno from Pontedera to the Ligurian Sea at Calambrone. As a consequence of the Arno flood of 1949, it was decided to start the construction of "Scolmatore dell'Arno" in 1954 at a cost of more than 10 billion lire of the time. The work was not completed in time for the disastrous flood of 1966 that, in addition to Florence, caused enormous damages in Pontedera and Pisa.
The floodway branches off the Arno 40 km from the river mouth ( off the coast), just downstream Pontedera in a southwesterly direction, where the Arno proper continues towards northwest. The elevation at the bifurcation is , with the floodway's main ingate controlled by four gates that during normal water levels are closed, whereas a secondary and smaller ingate has free flow. The main channel has a total length of and after a bend downstream it continues almost straight towards the sea in an west-southwest direction. The lower forms the border between the provinces of Livorno and Pisa, and the mouth is situated between Calambrone and the seaport of Livorno, south of Arno proper's mouth.
Scolmatore dell'Arno has a few branches, most notably is the much older Navicelli channel that connects less than one km from the mouth, although they lie parallel for further before this channel turns towards northwest. Another few channels drain the area between Arno proper and the floodway. The main tributary is the River Tora that confluences from the mouth, just northwest of Mortaiolo. A minor tributary is the River Zannone that confluences from the mouth, just downstream the aforementioned bend of the channel. It is likely that the lower part of the channel at least partly occupies the original paths of Tora and Zannone. Both these rivers originates from the Pisan hills south of the Arno valley and the channel itself.
The floodway was designed for a capacity of per second, which should able 60% of the water flowing through Pisa, but this magnitude was never achieved and due to lack of maintenance the actual drainage of the channel is not more than per second. A related problem is silt deposits of the seaport of Livorno that lies adjacent to the floodway's mouth.
Plans for future navigability of the channel.
There is an ongoing project to improve the navigability of the channel, intended exclusively for freight, excluding the use of tourist boating on the channel.
The navigability is developed to promote the connection between the dock in the port of Livorno and commercial activities at Guasticce and Vicarello, upstream at a distance of . It will use the current channel's connection to the port of Livorno, primarily through excavation of the channel to ensure a width of about and a depth of at least , so as to allow the passage of boats and barges larger to the present.
The project also includes the raising of the deck of the bridge of the Aurelia road (Pond) and the construction of docks for loading and unloading of goods at Guasticce and Vicarello.

</doc>
<doc id="19341611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341611" title="Autonomous University of Tamaulipas">
Autonomous University of Tamaulipas

The Autonomous University of Tamaulipas (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Tamaulipas, UAT) is a Mexican public university based in Victoria, Tamaulipas. Throughout the larger cities of Reynosa, Matamoros, Nuevo Laredo, and Tampico and smaller cities of Ciudad Mante and Valle Hermoso are UAT campuses that offer undergraduate studies.
Each of the various university faculties offer graduate studies leading to the Master's or Doctorate Degree. The Faculty of Medicine of Tampico offers the professional degree of Physician & Surgeon (Medico-Cirujano) as well as post-graduate specialty certificates in: pediatrics, internal medicine, surgery, obstetrics & gynecology, family practice, and intensive care medicine.
The university's "Center of Excellence" (Centro de Excelencia) sponsors specialized professional certificates and studies for the state of Tamaulipas.
History.
It was founded on 30 October 1950 at the port of Tampico as "Educación Profesional de Tampico, A.C." (Tampico's Professional Education), a civil organization that sponsored a Faculty of Law and a Faculty of Medicine that were later incorporated into a public school under the auspices of the National Autonomous University of Mexico. On 5 November 1972 it was recognized as an autonomous university.
Since Ciudad Victoria is the Tamaulipas capital city, the rectory building and the main administrative offices are headquartered in there. The main faculties of business, law, natural sciences, education and agriculture are based there as well. Ciudad Victoria is also the home of the university's football soccer team, the Correcaminos UAT.
The principal site of medicine, dentistry, nursing, law and engineering are in Tampico. The northern Tamaulipas cities of Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo each have smaller university campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="19341616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341616" title="Werner Winter">
Werner Winter

Werner Winter (26 March 1912 – 9 September 1972) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. He reached the rank of "Korvettenkapitän" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II, and later that of "Kapitän zur See" with the "Bundesmarine".
Career.
Winter joined the "Reichsmarine" in April 1930, serving aboard the battleship and the light cruiser "Emden" then transferred to the U-boat force in July 1935.
He served for a few months aboard , before taking command of the U-boat in October 1937. In September 1939 he made two short and unsuccessful combat patrols, before joining the staff of the BdU, but returned in July 1941 to take command of from Viktor Schütze, making three successful patrols, sinking fifteen merchant ships, for a total of 79,302 tons of Allied shipping, including the .
In July 1942 he took command of "1st U-boat Flotilla" in Brest, France, where he was captured after the city's surrender in August 1944, and was finally released in November 1947.
Winter joined the "Bundesmarine" in 1957, commanding the from July 1961 to September 1962, retiring in March 1970 with the rank of "Kapitän zur See".

</doc>
<doc id="19341622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341622" title="Stang's law">
Stang's law

Stang's law is a Proto-Indo-European phonological rule named after the Norwegian linguist Christian Stang. The law governs the word-final sequences of a vowel, followed by a laryngeal or a semivowel */y/ or */w/, followed by a nasal, and according to the law those sequences are simplified in a way that laryngeals and semivowels are dropped, with compensatory lengthening of a preceding vowel.
This rule is usually cited in more restricted form as: *Vwm > *V:m. Often the rules *Vmm > *V:m and * > *V:m; and also *Vyi > *V:y are added.
Compare:
Proto-Slavic.
"Stang's law" is also a name of Proto-Slavic accent law, which is also known under the name "Ivšić's law".

</doc>
<doc id="19341623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341623" title="Puliyanam">
Puliyanam

Puliyanam is a place situated near Angamaly, Ernakulam district in the state of Kerala, India. It was once a forest inhabited by 'puli' (tigers) and hence was called 'pulivanam' which later evolved as 'Puliyanam'. It is 5 kilometres south from Angamaly and 11 km north from Cochin International Airport. The nearest railway station is Angamaly. 
Puliyanam is famous for its cultural activities and educational achievements. GHSS Puliyanam, St Fransis LPS, Desasevini vayanasala, Kalamandalam Hyderali memorial kathakali club, United Arts & Sports Club, Navadhara club and Sneha Cultural Center are all situated in puliyanam. Main agricultural products here include rice, banana trees and rubber.
Puliyanam is also famous for its stone quarries. Puliyanam stone is used for making high quality idols for temples and various other complex granite shapes.

</doc>
<doc id="19341637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341637" title="Boa (band)">
Boa (band)

Boa () is a Russian band founded in 1988 by Igor Knyazev and his cousin Sergei Serin. 
Boa’s musical style, a blend of Jazz, Easy Listening and Latino, has been influenced by elements of Ethno-fusion and World beat. It explains the choice of the name Boa: a short name, with the same meaning in many languages, quite exotic in Russia and advocating something tropical.
Boa’s performance credo is to combine bright, distinct melodies and unusual harmonies with ironic and smart lyrics. The current nucleus of the group is Igor Knyazev (main and background vocals, music, and lyrics) and Igor Shatsky (music, lyrics, arrangement, guitar, piano, percussion). In addition, from time to time Boa hires session musicians to diversify its repertoire.
All of Boa recordings are done by Shatsky and Knyazev, who are professional sound producers, at one of the best sound recording studio in Central Russia, The Black Box Studio in Voronezh.

</doc>
<doc id="19341643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341643" title="Renji Panicker">
Renji Panicker

Renji Panicker is an Indian script writer, producer and director who works in Malayalam cinema. He made his debut as a director with "Bharatchandran IPS" in 2005.
A firebrand Script-writer and Director of Malayalam Cinema, Renji Panicker, popularly known as Renji began his career as a journalist. After completing his masters degree in Journalism from Kerala University, Renji started of as a reporter for several magazines and publications. It was during an interview, while working for Chitrabhumi, a film magazine, that he met Shaji Kailas, which led him into the world of Cinema and within a short time became of the most guaranteed scriptwriter of Malayalam cinema. He later switched over to film direction and has directed two films so far. He is also the Managing Director of one of the Malayalam newspaper, "Metrovaartha".
Film career.
While interviewing director Shaji Kailas, for a film magazine in 1990, he was impressed by Renji's language and asked him to do a script for him. Renji, who was an active politician since his college days tried out a political satire, "Dr. Pasupathy",which turned out to be a super hit. But the success of his debut film failed to bring any recognition to Renji Panicker, whose next venture "Akashakottayile Sulthan", in 1991, directed by Jayaraj, with Sreenivasan in the main role, bombed at the box-office. This made Renji to rethink on continuing film as a career. But again, upon the insistence of Shaji Kailas, Renji made another attempt in 1992. "Thalastaanam", revolving around campus politics was a phenomenal hit and the huge success marked the beginning of Shaji-Renji combination, which brought out many blockbuster films in the later years.
In the year 1993, Renji penned "Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans". Directed by Shaji Kailas, this film was a turning point in the life of Jagadish, who was till then tagged into comic roles. Jagadish played the role of a common man who overnight becomes the home minister of the state. "Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans" completed 150 days in theaters, establishing Renji Panicker as one of the leading script writers in Malayalam cinema. The success of "Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans" was followed by "Ekalavyan", which got released in the month of May in 1993. Directed again by Shaji Kailas, "Ekalavyan" was an action thriller revolving around the unholy nexus of drug mafia-godmen and politicians. Appearing in the lead role of a police officer, Suresh Gopi succeeded in establishing himself as the next super star of Malayalam cinema.Ekalavyan successfully completed 150 days in almost all the theaters it got released. This police sage was followed by "Mafia", revolving around Bangalore underworld. Directed by Shaji Kailas with Suresh Gopi as hero, released in 1993, "Mafia" turned out to be another super hit and made Renji the most expensive script-writer in the malyalam film industry.
In 1994, Shaji Kailas and Renji Panicker created a sensation at box office with "Commissioner", an out and out police film, which completed a run of 200 days in theaters. Suresh Gopi appearing in the title role, the film turned out to be the biggest grosser of the year. Again Shaji and Renji joined together in 1995, but this time, they had Mammootty as the hero. "The King", which was released in the end of 1995, broke seveal records in collections. After the huge success of "The King", the duo intentionally parted ways and decided to go alone. 
Renji, after a long time wrote a script for another director, when he chose Joshi in 1997. "Lelam", another action thriller with Suresh Gopi as the main hero was again super hit at box office adding new feather to Renji's cap. The same team brought out "Pathram" in next year. Revolving around print media and the politics surrounding it, this flick is best remembered for its stunning and sparkling dialogues. The continuous run of super hits came to an end in 2001. Renji's combination with Joshi, "Dubai" bombed at box office. This was followed by "Praja" another fiasco, though for the first time Mohanlal appeared in a Renji film. The back to back set backs forced Renji to take a break for three years. In 2005, he hit-back with "Bharatchandran IPS" the sequel of "Commissioner", released in 1994. "Bharatchandran IPS" was also the directorial debut of Renji Panicker. Apart from directing, he also co-produced this film. This film crossed 100 day run in all major centers and gave a rebirth to Suresh Gopi who was going through the dark days of his career. Renji's second directorial attempt was "Roudram" released in 2008, with Mammootty in the main role, Another police story, this film was also a huge success at box office. Renji's next project is "The King & the Commissioner" in which mammootty and suresh gopi playing the roles of Joseph Alex and Bharathchandran (their famous roles in the past films) for another time, After a gap of 16 years Shaji reunites with renji in this film.The movie cannot be considered as a clean hit if considering the success of its prequel got.It was below average and was declared a flop in the box office.
Trademarks.
In Renji's films, heroes are shown to be fearless man who whenever becomes angry scolds all the bad people, especially corrupt higher officials. Dialogues are always lengthy and Renji always adds English words and then translate those words in Malayalam which became a repetitive thing in all of his films. Except Dr. Pasupathi all of his films belongs to political backdrop. Recent political problems are always added in his script which evokes much controversy, but he gives more emphasis to hero's fire dialogues.

</doc>
<doc id="19341650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341650" title="J15">
J15

J15 or J 15 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19341660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341660" title="Arrow-class patrol boat">
Arrow-class patrol boat

Arrow is a series of fast patrol/assault speed boat made by the Sri Lanka Navy for use by its littoral warfare units, the elite Special Boat Squadron (SBS) and the Rapid Action Boat Squadron (RABS). The boat is capable of achieving high speeds and is highly maneuverable, meeting the requirements of these units in small boat operations. Armed with an autocannon or automatic grenade launcher as its primary weapon system and multiple machine guns, the Arrow boats provides relatively high firepower despite its small size. It is also used by the navy for inshore monitoring operations.
Development.
According to the requirements of its elite unit the SBS, for a fast and maneuverable boat with high firepower, the navy developed the first prototype of the Arrow in 2006. The prototype was completed within a month. The tests carried out with this prototype were successful. Production was begun immediately after this, and the boats were deployed soon after. The navy produces the Arrow at a unit cost of Rs. 1.7 million (US$ 17,000).
http://lankadailynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/arrow-boats-sri-lanka-navy.jpg
Design.
The Arrow boat is powered by a single outboard motor. Another variant of the boat, fitted with two outboard motors is also developed. The body is made of strengthened fiberglass. The boat is 18 feet (5.49 m) long. No armour is provided, with the intention of keeping the boat light enough to meet the primary requirements of speed and maneuverability.
Armament.
A 23mm autocannon is used as the primary weapon of the Arrow boat, mounted on the forward end. In some variants, this is replaced by an automatic grenade launcher. As the secondary armament, several PKM 7.62mm machine guns are used, fixed on each side of the boat.
Operational history.
The Arrow boat is in service with the Sri Lanka Navy’s Special Boat Squadron since its development in 1993. From mid 2008, it is also issued to the newly created Rapid Action Boat Squadron. The Arrow boat has been used widely by the Sri Lanka Navy against the LTTE’s Sea Tigers in Eelam War IV.
The 100th Arrow.
The 100th Arrow boat was launched by the Sri Lanka Navy on 11 September 2008. A ceremony was held at the navy base SLNS Gemunu at Welisara to mark this event, presided by the Secretary of the Ministry of Defence, Gotabhaya Rajapaksa.

</doc>
<doc id="19341676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341676" title="Retreat from Lạng Sơn">
Retreat from Lạng Sơn

The Retreat from Lang Son () was a controversial, and almost certainly unnecessary, French strategic withdrawal in Tonkin at the end of March 1885 that brought down the government of the French premier Jules Ferry and brought the Sino-French War (August 1884 to April 1885) to an end in circumstances of considerable embarrassment for France.
Background.
By the middle of March 1885 the military situation in Tonkin had reached a temporary stalemate. In February 1885, in the Lang Son Campaign, the French had captured Lang Son and driven China's Guangxi Army out of Tonkin. In the second half of February General Louis Brière de l'Isle, the general-in-chief of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, returned to Hanoi with Lieutenant-Colonel Laurent Giovaninelli's 1st Brigade to relieve the Siege of Tuyen Quang, leaving General François de Négrier at Lang Son with the 2nd Brigade.
Giovanninelli's 1st Brigade faced Tang Jingsong's Yunnan Army around Hung Hoa and Tuyen Quang, while de Négrier's 2nd Brigade at Lang Son faced Pan Dingxin's Guangxi Army. Neither Chinese army had any realistic prospect of launching an offensive for several weeks, while the two French brigades that had jointly captured Lang Son in February were not strong enough to inflict a decisive defeat on either Chinese army separately. Meanwhile the French government was pressuring Brière de l'Isle to send the 2nd Brigade across the border into Guangxi province, in the hope that a threat to Chinese territory would force China to sue for peace. Brière de l'Isle and de Négrier examined the possibility of a campaign to capture the major Chinese military depot at Longzhou, 60 kilometres beyond the border, but on 17 March Brière de l'Isle advised the army ministry in Paris that such an operation was beyond his strength. Substantial French reinforcements reached Tonkin in the middle of March, giving Brière de l'Isle a brief opportunity to break the stalemate. He moved the bulk of the reinforcements to Hung Hoa to reinforce the 1st Brigade, intending to attack the Yunnan Army and drive it back beyond Yen Bay. While he and Giovanninelli drew up plans for a western offensive, he ordered de Négrier to hold his positions at Lang Son.
On 23 and 24 March the 2nd Brigade, only 1,500 men strong, fought a fierce action with over 25,000 troops of the Guangxi Army entrenched near Zhennanguan on the Chinese border. The Battle of Bang Bo (named by the French from the Vietnamese pronunciation of Hengpo, a village in the centre of the Chinese position where the fighting was fiercest), is normally known as the Battle of Zhennan Pass in China. The French took a number of outworks on 23 March, but failed to take the main Chinese positions on 24 March and were fiercely counterattacked in their turn. Although the French made a fighting withdrawal and prevented the Chinese from piercing their line, casualties in the 2nd Brigade were relatively heavy (70 dead and 188 wounded) and there were ominous scenes of disorder as the defeated French regrouped after the battle. As the brigade's morale was precarious and ammunition was running short, de Négrier decided to fall back to Lang Son.
The battle of Ky Lua, 28 March 1885.
Following their victory at the Battle of Bang Bo (24 March 1885), the Chinese advanced slowly in pursuit of the retreating French, and on 28 March de Négrier fought a battle at Ky Lua in defence of Lang Son. Shortly before noon the Chinese launched a reckless frontal attack on the French positions, advancing in dense, ponderous columns. Rested, reinforced and fighting behind breastworks, the French fired canister and rifle volleys into the advancing masses, inflicting crippling casualties on the attackers. When the smoke cleared, the plain in front of Ky Lua was strewn with thousands of dead and wounded Chinese soldiers. De Négrier ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Paul-Gustave Herbinger to counterattack the Chinese left wing with Diguet and Farret's battalions. The attack, supported by artillery, was completely successful, and by 4 p.m. Herbinger had driven the Guangxi Army's left wing from the hills to the northeast of Ky Lua. By 5 p.m. the Guangxi Army was in full retreat, leaving only a rearguard to discourage pursuit. French casualties at Ky Lua were 7 men killed and 38 wounded. The Chinese left 1,200 corpses on the battlefield, and a further 6,000 Chinese soldiers may have been wounded. The battle of Ky Lua gave a grim foretaste of the horrors of warfare on the Western Front thirty years later.
The French had won a stunning victory and had amply avenged the defeat at Bang Bo. If de Négrier had remained in command, the 2nd Brigade would probably have chased the Guangxi Army back across the Chinese border. But towards the end of the battle de Négrier was seriously wounded in the chest while scouting the Chinese positions. He was forced to hand over command to Herbinger, his senior regimental commander. Herbinger was a noted military theoretician who had won a respectable battlefield reputation during the Franco-Prussian War, but was quite out of his depth as a field commander in Tonkin. Several French officers had already commented scathingly on his performance during the Lang Son campaign and at Bang Bo, where he had badly bungled an attack on the Chinese positions. He was also suffering from malaria, and his physical debility may well have impaired his judgement.
The retreat.
Upon assuming command of the brigade, Herbinger panicked. Despite the evidence that the Chinese had been decisively defeated and were in full retreat towards the Chinese frontier, he convinced himself that they were preparing to encircle Lang Son and cut his supply line. Disregarding the appalled protests of some of his officers, he ordered the 2nd Brigade to abandon Lang Son on the evening of 28 March and retreat to Chu. The retreat was initially conducted in two columns. Herbinger led the line battalions to Thanh Moy, while Schoeffer led the two Legion battalions to Dong Song. Fearing that Martin's towed artillery battery would slow down the retreat, Herbinger ordered Martin to dump his guns and limbers in the Song Ki Cong river, where they were later recovered by the Chinese. The brigade's treasure chest was also thrown into the river. Before the retreat commenced Herbinger cabled Brière de l'Isle in Hanoi, claiming that he did not have enough ammunition to fight a second battle for Lang Son (a claim later shown to be untrue) and announcing his decision to retreat. He then had the telegraph cable cut, denying Brière de l'Isle the opportunity to intervene. During the night of 28 March, after winning the most complete victory of the Tonkin campaign, the bewildered soldiers of the 2nd Brigade marched out of Lang Son. The retreat to Thanh Moy and Dong Song was conducted without loss and without interference from the Chinese, but both Herbinger and Schoeffer set an unnecessarily punishing pace, and both halves of the brigade were exhausted by the time they reached their destinations.
Brière de l'Isle was stunned at Herbinger's decision to abandon Lang Son. His immediate reaction, on the evening of 28 March, was to despatch a pessimistic cable back to Paris which would have momentous political consequences two days later. By the following day he had recovered his usual "sang froid". He spent most of the day establishing what had happened, and on the evening of 29 March sent a furious cable to Herbinger at Thanh Moy, ordering the 2nd Brigade to hold its positions at Thanh Moy and Dong Song. Herbinger was aghast at this order, believing that it played straight into the enemy's hands, but had no choice but to obey it.
On 30 March the French threw up field defences at Thanh Moy and Dong Song and prepared to meet the advancing Chinese, while Herbinger sent out cavalry patrols to determine the exact positions of the Guangxi Army. The patrols observed small Chinese scouting parties near Cut on the Mandarin Road and at Pho Bu, just to the south of Lang Son, and duly reported their presence. Herbinger wildly exaggerated the significance of these reports, and warned Brière de l'Isle that, in his opinion, the brigade faced catastrophic encirclement. While waiting for Brière's response, he ordered his men to prepare for a last-ditch defence with the bayonet. As the evening wore on Herbinger became increasingly hysterical. He went to bed at 8 p.m., convinced that he and his men would be surrounded and massacred on the following morning. At around 9 p.m. there was an outburst of firing from the sentries in the French outposts, who thought they had seen movement around their positions. It turned out to be a false alarm, and an officer woke Herbinger up to report what had happened. Herbinger's reply was illuminating: 'I'm sick, and the column is just as sick as me! Leave me alone!'
An hour later, salvation arrived. At 10 p.m. on the evening of 30 March, having receiving a stream of anguished cables from Herbinger and with no means of independently controlling the acting brigade commander's assessment of the situation, Brière de l'Isle reluctantly gave Herbinger permission to fall back to Chu 'if the situation demanded'. Herbinger clutched at this straw and issued orders for an immediate retreat by both halves of the column to Chu. 'I will take advantage of the night and the moon to retire, in conformity with your instructions,' he replied. His lassitude vanished, and he fired off a stream of orders for the retreat to his staff. 'No more hesitations, we're leaving at once!' he cried.
During the night of 30 March Herbinger's column left Thanh Moy and marched across Deo Quao to Dong Song, to link up with Schoeffer's men. A half-hearted attack on Schoeffer's positions was made just after midnight by a small force of Chinese skirmishers, and was easily repelled. Shortly before dawn the reunited 2nd Brigade marched out of Dong Song and headed south for Chu. Determined to jettison anything that might slow down the next stage of the retreat, Herbinger decided to sacrifice another artillery battery, and gave orders for the guns of Roussel's battery to be spiked and abandoned. On this occasion he was disobeyed by his officers, and Roussel's battery arrived safely at Chu without slowing down the column. Shortly after dawn on 31 March Chinese skirmishers caught up with the French column near the small village of Pho Cam. Herbinger had by now been reinforced by Brière de l'Isle with a squadron of spahi cavalry, and the French infantry waited eagerly for him to order the spahis to charge and scatter the Chinese skirmishers. Instead, Herbinger ordered the retreat to continue, by echelons of infantry battalions. It was the most shameful moment of the entire retreat. 'We retired in echelons like this for ten kilometres,' Captain Lecomte later wrote, '3,000 Frenchmen running away from 40 Chinese!'
Had Herbinger but known it, his decision to abandon Lang Son had been entirely unnecessary. On 29 March, while the French were retreating southwards, the demoralised Chinese were streaming back towards Zhennanguan, heading for the shelter of their entrenched camps at Bang Bo and Yen Cua Ai. Vietnamese sympathisers caught up with the Chinese near Cua Ai on the evening of 29 March, bringing the astonishing news that the French had abandoned Lang Son and were in full retreat. The Chinese general Pan Dingxin promptly turned his battered army around and reoccupied Lang Son on 30 March. Pan sent small forces of skirmishers on from Lang Son to observe the French retreat, and it was these units which had made contact with the French on 30 March at Dong Song and on 31 March at Pho Cam. The main body of the Guangxi Army was in no condition to pursue the French to Chu, and Pan contented himself with a limited advance to Dong Song and Bac Le. This advance brought the Chinese back to the positions they were occupying before the Lang Son campaign. Herbinger's decision to retreat threw away the hard-won French gains of the February campaign.
When the 2nd Brigade eventually rallied at Chu, on 1 April, its soldiers were exhausted and demoralised. Brière de l'Isle, who had responded to Herbinger's cable of 28 March by transferring the bulk of Giovanninelli's 1st Brigade from Hung Hoa to Chu, appointed Colonel Gustave Borgnis-Desbordes to the command of the 2nd Brigade. Borgnis-Desbordes soon effaced the memory of Herbinger's dismal leadership and imposed his own strong personality upon the brigade, issuing the following order of the day on 2 April:
Appelé, en raison de la grave blessure du général de Négrier, à prendre le commandement provisoire de la brigade, J'arrive ici avec des troupes nouvelles et des munitions.
J'ai reçu du général l'ordre d'arrêter avec vous, et coûte que coûte, tout mouvement rétrograde.
C'est ce que nous ferons.
On 5 April Brière de l'Isle arrived at Chu. He immediately ordered Borgnis-Desbordes to reoccupy the mountains of Deo Van and Deo Quan. He also considered attacking the Chinese at Dong Song, but the 2nd Brigade's corps of Vietnamese porters had scattered during the retreat, temporarily immobilising the brigade. Brière de l'Isle was still considering how to get at the Chinese when news of the conclusion of preliminaries of peace reached him on 14 April.
The 'Tonkin Affair': the collapse of Ferry's government.
In Paris, the political impact of Brière de l’Isle's pessimistic 'Lang Son telegram' of 28 March was momentous. Ferry’s immediate reaction was to reinforce the army in Tonkin, and indeed Brière de l’Isle quickly revised his estimate of the situation and advised the government that the front could soon be stabilised. However, his second thoughts came too late. When his first telegram was made public in Paris, there was an uproar in the Chamber of Deputies. The government's opponents, led by Georges Clemenceau, went on the attack. A motion of no confidence was tabled, and Ferry’s government fell on 30 March amid almost unprecedented scenes of uproar. 'Throw Ferry in the Seine! Kill the Tonkinese!' the crowds shouted. Ferry never recovered from the Tonkin Affair. He never again became premier, and his political influence during the rest of his career was severely limited. His successor, Charles de Freycinet, promptly concluded peace with China. The Chinese government agreed to implement the Tientsin Accord (implicitly recognising the French protectorate over Tonkin), and the French government dropped its demand for an indemnity for the Bac Le ambush. A peace protocol ending hostilities was signed on 4 April, and a substantive peace treaty was signed on 9 June by Li Hongzhang and the French minister Jules Patenôtre.
The 'Herbinger affair'.
Brière de l’Isle was understandably furious at Herbinger's conduct, and a commission of enquiry was held in Hanoi during the autumn of 1885 to determine whether his decision to abandon Lang Son had been justified. Most of the officers of the Tonkin expeditionary corps believed that Herbinger had made a ghastly mistake, and would have been happy to see him broken and dismissed from the service. But Brière de l’Isle and Borgnis-Desbordes, who drew up much of the evidence against Herbinger, overplayed their hand, insinuating that Herbinger had been drunk when he took the decision to retreat from Lang Son. This shabby charge dismayed many officers, and won Herbinger a certain degree of sympathy.
Herbinger at first seemed to realise that he had made an appalling blunder, and spoke about retrieving his honour by falling in battle. Back at Chu, shortly after the end of the retreat, he was heard to say, 'Whoever could have imagined it? Why haven't the Chinese attacked us? Well, I know what I have to do now! In the next battle, I'll have to get myself killed!'. But the war ended before Herbinger had the chance to risk his life in battle, and he soon had a change of heart. He decided to defend his conduct by attacking de Négrier's decision to attack the Chinese at Bang Bo, claiming that the 2nd Brigade's morale was shaky, and alleging that, as an officer of the metropolitan army, he had been the victim of a plot by the Legion and marine infantry officers who ran the Tonkin expeditionary corps. There was little substance in any of this, but it rang warning bells back in Paris. The army ministry, alarmed at the prospect of seeing so much dirty linen washed in public, brought the enquiry to an early end. Herbinger escaped without a formal censure, but the commission of enquiry recommended that he should not be given any further field commands. He died in 1886, at the age of 46.
Significance.
The longer-term domestic political repercussions of the retreat from Lang Son were considerable. The ignominious end to the Sino-French War temporarily checked French domestic fervor for colonial expansion and culminated in the 'Tonkin Debate' of December 1885, in which the Chamber of Deputies voted to sustain the French commitment in Tonkin by the very narrowest of margins. Other French colonial projects, including the conquest of Madagascar, were deferred for several years.
While the retreat from Lang Son was in progress, there were wild rumours in France that the 2nd Brigade had been routed and had suffered appalling casualties. These rumours stubbornly refused to go away, and in time a legend was born, of 'the Lang Son disaster', which would persist for decades. As late as 1937, one French historian wrote: 'Even today, a half-century after these events, the name of this small and unremarkable town evokes in French ears the memory of a great battle lost.'

</doc>
<doc id="19341683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341683" title="LG LG7000">
LG LG7000

The LG LG7000 is an HD Ready LCD flat panel television produced by LG Electronics, released in October 2008. It features Bluetooth connectivity and is considered top of the line LCD by LG. It is available in 32", 37", 42", 47" and 52" versions.
Features.
The television features:

</doc>
<doc id="19341688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341688" title="Cinema of West Bengal">
Cinema of West Bengal

The Cinema of West Bengal (), Tollywood refers to the Tollygunge-based Bengali film industry in the city of Kolkata, West Bengal, India. The origins of the nickname Tollywood, a portmanteau of the words Tollygunge and Hollywood, dates back to 1932. The industry is known for producing many of Indian cinema's most critically acclaimed Parallel Cinema art films, with several of its filmmakers gaining international acclaim, most notably Satyajit Ray.
Etymology.
The film industry based in Kolkata, West Bengal, is sometimes referred as "Tollywood", a portmanteau of the words Tollygunge, a neighbourhood of Calcutta where most of the Bengali film studios are located, and Hollywood. Tollywood was the very first Hollywood-inspired name, dating back to a 1932 article in the "American Cinematographer" by Wilford E. Deming, an American engineer who was involved in the production of the first Indian sound film. He gave the industry the name Tollywood because the Tollygunge district in which it was based rhymed with "Hollywood", and because Tollygunge was the center of the cinema of India as a whole at the time much like Hollywood was in the cinema of the United States.
In that same March 1932 article, Deming was also considering the name "Hollygunge" but decided to go with "Tollywood" as the nickname for the Tollygunge area due to "Tolly being a proper name and Gunge meaning locality" in the Bengali language. It was this "chance juxtaposition of two pairs of rhyming syllables," Holly and Tolly, that led to the name "Tollywood" being coined. The name "Tollywood" went on to be used as a nickname for the Bengali film industry by the popular Kolkata-based "Junior Statesman" youth magazine, establishing a precedent for other film industries to use similar-sounding names. Tollywood later went on to inspire the name "Bollywood" (as the Bombay-based industry overtook the one in Tollygunge), which in turn inspired many other similar names.
History.
The history of cinema in Bengal dates back to the 1890s, when the first "bioscopes" were shown in theatres in Calcutta. Within a decade, the first seeds of the industry was sown by Hiralal Sen, considered a stalwart of Victorian era cinema when he set up the Royal Bioscope Company, producing scenes from the stage productions of a number of popular shows at the Star Theatre, Minerva Theatre, Classic Theatre. Following a long gap after Sen's works, Dhirendra Nath Ganguly (Known as D.G) established Indo British Film Co, the first Bengali owned production company, in 1918. However, the first Bengali Feature film, Billwamangal, was produced in 1919, under the banner of Madan Theatre. Bilat Ferat was the IBFC's first production in 1921. The Madan Theatre production of Jamai Shashthi was the first Bengali talkie. A long history has been traversed since then, with stalwarts such as Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen and Ritwik Ghatak and others having earned international acclaim and securing their place in the movie history.
Early development.
Silent era: 1919-1930.
Hiralal Sen India is credited as one of Bengal's, and India's first directors. However, these were all silent films. Hiralal Sen is also credited as one of the pioneers of advertisement films in India. The first Bengali-language movie was the silent feature "Billwamangal", produced by the Madan Theatre Company of Calcutta and released on 8 November 1919, only six years after the first full-length Indian feature film, "Raja Harish Chandra", was released.
The early beginnings of the "talking film" industry go back to the early 1930s, when it came to British India, and to Calcutta. The movies were originally made in Urdu or Persian as to accommodate a specific elite market. One of the earliest known studios was the East India Film Company. The first Bengali film to be made as a talkie was Jamai Shashthi, released in 1931. It was at this time that the early heroes of the Bengali film industry like Pramathesh Barua and Debaki Bose were at the peak of their popularity. Barua also directed a number of movies, exploring new dimension in Indian cinema. Debaki Bose directed Chandidas in 1932; this film is noted for its breakthrough in recording sound. Sound recordist Mukul Bose found out solution to the problem of spacing out dialogue and frequency modulation.
Rise of the talkie: 1931-1947.
The contribution of Bengali film industry to Indian film is quite significant. First Bengali talkies Jamai Shashthi (as short film) was released 11 April 1931 at Crown Cinema Hall in Calcutta and First Bengali talkies as full length feature film "Dena Paona" was released 30 December 1931 at Chitra Cinema Hall in Calcutta Based in Tollygunge, an area of South Kolkata, West Bengal and is more elite and artistically inclined than the usual musical cinema fare in India.
Golden era: 1952-1975.
During this period, Bengali cinema enjoyed a large, even disproportionate, representation in Indian cinema, and produced film directors like Satyajit Ray, who was an Academy Honorary Award winner, and the recipient of India's and France's greatest civilian honours, the Bharat Ratna and Legion of Honor respectively, and Mrinal Sen, who is the recipient of the French distinction of Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters and the Russian Order of Friendship.
Other prominent film makers in the Bengali film industry at the time included Bimal Roy and Ritwik Ghatak. The Bengali film industry has produced classics such as "Nagarik" (1952), "The Apu Trilogy" (1955–1959), "Jalsaghar" (1958), "Ajantrik" (1958), "Neel Akasher Neechey" (1959), "Devdas", "Devi" (1960), "Meghe Dhaka Tara" (1960), the Calcutta trilogies (1971–1976), etc. In particular, "The Apu Trilogy" is now frequently listed among the greatest films of all time.
The most well known Bengali actor to date has been Uttam Kumar; he and co-star Suchitra Sen were known as "The Eternal Pair" in the early 1950s. Soumitra Chatterjee is a notable actor, having acted in several Satyajit Ray films, and considered as a rival to Uttam Kumar in the 1960s. He is famous for the characterization of Feluda in "Sonar Kella" (1974) and "Joy Baba Felunath" (1978), written and directed by Ray. He also played the adult version of Apu in "The World of Apu" (1959), also directed by Ray. One of the most well known Bengali actresses was Sharmila Tagore, who debuted in Ray's "The World of Apu", and became a major actress in Bengali cinema as well as Bollywood. Utpal Dutt is internationally known for his acting in movies and plays, especially Shakespearean plays.
The pioneers in Bengali film music include Raichand Boral, Pankaj Mullick and K. C. Dey, all associated with New Theatres Calcutta. Other famous playback singers in Bengali film music were Hemanta Mukherjee, Shyamal Mitra, Manna Dey, Sandhya Mukhopadhyay and Kishore Kumar.
Global influence.
Ever since Satyajit Ray's "Pather Panchali" (1955) was awarded Best Human Document at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival, Bengali films frequently appeared in international fora and film festivals for the next several decades. This allowed Bengali filmmakers to reach a global audience. The most influential among them was Satyajit Ray, whose films became successful among European, American and Asian audiences. His work subsequently had a worldwide impact, with filmmakers such as Martin Scorsese, James Ivory, Abbas Kiarostami, Elia Kazan, François Truffaut, Carlos Saura, Isao Takahata, Wes Anderson and Danny Boyle being influenced by his cinematic style, and many others such as Akira Kurosawa praising his work. The "youthful coming-of-age dramas that have flooded art houses since the mid-fifties owe a tremendous debt to the Apu trilogy". "Kanchenjungha" (1962) introduced a narrative structure that resembles later hyperlink cinema. Ray's 1967 script for a film to be called "The Alien", which was eventually cancelled, is widely believed to have been the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's "E.T." (1982). Ira Sachs' "Forty Shades of Blue" (2005) was a loose remake of "Charulata", and in Gregory Navas "My Family" (1995), the final scene is duplicated from the final scene of "The World of Apu". Similar references to Ray films are found in recent works such as "Sacred Evil" (2006), the "Elements trilogy" of Deepa Mehta, and in films of Jean-Luc Godard.
Another prominent Bengali filmmaker is Mrinal Sen, whose films have been well known for their Marxist views. During his career, Mrinal Sen's film have received awards from almost all major film festivals, including Cannes, Berlin, Venice, Moscow, Karlovy Vary, Montreal, Chicago, and Cairo. Retrospectives of his films have been shown in almost all major cities of the world.
Another Bengali filmmaker, Ritwik Ghatak, began reaching a global audience long after his death; beginning in the 1990s, a project to restore Ghatak's films was undertaken, and international exhibitions (and subsequent DVD releases) have belatedly generated an increasingly global audience. Some of his films have strong similarities to later famous international films, such as "Ajantrik" (1958) resembling the Herbie films (1967–2005) and "Bari Theke Paliye" (1958) resembling François Truffaut's "The 400 Blows" (1959).
A number of Satyajit Ray films appeared in the "Sight & Sound" Critics' Poll of all-time greatest films, including "The Apu Trilogy" (ranked #4 in 1992 if votes are combined), "The Music Room" (ranked #27 in 1992), "Charulata" (ranked #41 in 1992) and "Days and Nights in the Forest" (ranked #81 in 1982). The 2002 "Sight & Sound" critics' and directors' poll also included the Ritwik Ghatak films "Meghe Dhaka Tara" (ranked #231) and "Komal Gandhar" (ranked #346). In 1998, the critics' poll conducted by the Asian film magazine "Cinemaya" included "The Apu Trilogy" (ranked #1 if votes are combined), Ray's "Charulata" and "The Music Room" (both tied at #11), and Ghatak's "Subarnarekha" (also tied at #11). In 1999, "The Village Voice" top 250 "Best Film of the Century" critics' poll also included "The Apu Trilogy" (ranked #5 if votes are combined). In 2005, "The Apu Trilogy" was also included in Time magazine's "All-TIME" 100 best movies list. In 1992, the "Sight & Sound" Critics' Poll ranked Ray at #7 in its list of "Top 10 Directors" of all time,
The cinematographer Subrata Mitra, who made his debut with Ray's "The Apu Trilogy", also had an importance influence on cinematography across the world. One of his most important techniques was bounce lighting, to recreate the effect of daylight on sets. He pioneered the technique while filming "Aparajito" (1956), the second part of "The Apu Trilogy". Some of the experimental techniques which Satyajit Ray pioneered include photo-negative flashbacks and X-ray digressions while filming "Pratidwandi" (1972).
1980s.
In the 1980s, however, the Bengal film industry went through a period of turmoil, with a shift from its traditional artistic and emotional inclinations to an approach more imitating the increasingly more popular Hindi films, along with a decline in the audience and critical appreciation, with notable exceptions of the works of directors like Nripen Saha, Gautam Ghose. However, even at this time, a lot of actors and actresses enjoyed popularity, including Tapas Paul, Prosenjit, Chiranjit, Rituparna Sengupta, Debasree Roy, Anju Ghosh,Satabdi Roy and others.
1990s.
Toward the end of the 90s, with the a number of directors coming increasingly into prominence, including Rituparno Ghosh, Gautam Ghose, Aparna Sen, Sandip Ray among others, a number of popular and critically acclaimed movies have come out of the Bengali film industry in recent years. These include Unishe April, Titli, Mr. and Mrs. Iyer, Iti Mrinalini, Patalghar, Bombaiyer Bombete, Shatru Pakakkha, and Jeeban Jodhha, and signal a resurgence of the Bengali film industry. Actors like Ferdous Ahmed also in Bangladesh, Rachana Bannerjee,Jishu Sengupta, and couple of other also came into prominence.
2000s.
The market for Bengali films has expanded to a 340-million-strong Bengali audience in Bangladesh, West Bengal, Tripura and Assam. The industry could truly flourish if films from this state have a proper distribution network. While around 50 films are produced in West Bengal every year, only 30 make it to the theatres.
The decade 2000s saw emergence of sleekly-made commercial films in West Bengal, although many were copies of popular South Indian films. Technical development were notable in such films, as was the reflection of increasing budget, exemplified by shooting in foreign locales. Some hit films of this decade were "Sathi" (2002), "Chirodini Tumi Je Amaar" (2008), "Chirosathi (2008), "Bhalobasha Bhalobasha", "Premer Kahini" . 2000s also saw the emergence of popular actors such as Jeet, and Dev, and music directors such as Jeet Ganguly.
At the same time, West Bengal continued to produce many critically acclaimed art-house films. New directors such as Sekhar Das,Anjan Dutta,Atan Ghose,Bappaditya Bandyopadhaya,Srijit Mukherjee and Koushik Ganguly were well received.
Budgets.
70-100 Bengali movies are released every year and are produced with a budget of Rs. 200,000 to Rs. 150 million per movie. India's big house Reliance Big Entertainment and Home Entertainment, Shree Venkatesh Films, Viacom Pictures are the producers of the most expensive Bengali movies. While other regional movies like the ones in Tamil and Telugu have a budget of Rs 400 million, budgets of bengali movies are still restricted within certain limits. For reference: a crore rupee = 10 million rupees (roughly 160,000 euros), and a lakh = 100,000 rupees.
Many of the most critically acclaimed Bengali films were low-budget films, including Satyajit Ray's famous "The Apu Trilogy" (1955–1959). The first film in the trilogy, "Pather Panchali" (1955), was produced on a shoestring budget of Rs. 150,000 ($32000) using an amateur cast and crew. All his other films that followed also had low budgets, with his most expensive films being "The Adventures Of Goopy And Bagha" (1968) at Rs. 600,000 ($80,000) and "Shatranj Ke Khilari" (1977) at Rs. 2 million ($230,000).
The Bengali film industry, which had been a beacon for the country's film industry until the 1980s, is in a turnaround mode. At a time when Bollywood continues its roller-coaster ride, there are cheers in the Bengali film industry with several commercial successes. The dark period of the 1990s when Bengali tinsel town was on a steep decline seems like a nightmare that's best forgotten. And, with the money pouring in, producers from other States are now knocking on the doors of Bengali directors. Industry sources say that the best proof of the comeback is seen in the increasing number of cinema houses showing Bengali films. Even a few years ago, of the 800 movie theatres in the State, no more than 350 were showing just Bengali films. The remaining had spread their risk showing a mix of either Hindi and English or Hindi and Bengali films.2008, nearly 700 theatres are showing Bengali films.
The movie, produced by Ramoji Films at a cost of Rs 6.5 million, recovered its costs within three weeks and is still raking in the moolah for its distributors, producers and theatre owners since last December. The movie has brought back the concept of family entertainment with Sandip Ray's gambit of contemporising the plot paying him rich dividend. Admitting that he did not expect this success, he told Life that he was now lining up another such film for release next year. Earlier, a film by award-winning director Buddhadeb Dasgupta's Mondo Meyer Upakhyan (The Tale of a Fallen Girl) produced by Arjoe Entertainments netted nearly Rs 70 million through sale of overseas rights against a cost of Rs 6 million.Haranath Chakraborty His film Sathi (Companion) created a record by recouping over five times its production cost, although the film Chokher Bali, with big names like Aishwariya Rai, Rituparno Ghosh and Tagore, failed to yield expected results. The movie, billed at Rs 16.5 million (the highest among Bengali films).
Total number of cinema theatre is approx 460.But there are films like 'Kaler rakhal'by Sekhar Das which created huge controversy for its strong political comments on contemporary Bengal,despite its brilliance was not successful in the box office as the film was unceremoiniusly withdrawn from the theatres.
Loose and unorganised production activities, dominated and dictated by providers of capital led to proliferation of sub-standard films, which were most often commercial failures. The recent successes have come through some concerted effort by Parallel Cinema which has tapped the domestic market, even while scouting the overseas ones, hitting the festival circuit somewhere in between. As such, celluloid creations of award-winning directors like Gautam Ghosh, Rituparno Ghosh and Aparna Sen started bringing money for their producers. However, at around the same time, movies in the commercial circuit (directors like to call them mainstream cinema) also started doing well, supported strongly by the response from the semi-urban areas. The big Bollywood banners such as Mukta Arts and Rajshri films are now showing interest in funding Bengali films.
Hollywood houses like Columbia Tristar have made their debut in distributing Bengali movies. According to industry experts, several issues need to be addressed to build on this resurgence and consolidate it. These include inadequate infrastructure, which often compels moviemakers to go outside the State for facilities pushing up costs, poor marketing and distribution and increasing competition from Bangladeshi films.
Cast and crew.
Well-known film personalities of Bengali film industry include,
Archive.
The best archive of Bengali film is Bengali film directory (in English Language), Published in 1999, Nandan, West Bengal Film Centre (Calcutta). This directory book was edited by Ansu Sur and was compiled by Abhijit Goswami. It covers almost all released Bengali feature films from 1917 to 1998 with short descriptions including detailed cast and crew, director name, released date and released theater name.
Industry.
Today, the film industry in West Bengal is one of the most significant film industry centres in India with new film cities being planned in Uttarpara. The industry is centering around ' Tollygunge, in Kolkata, West Bengal is sometimes called "Tollywood" a portmanteau of the words "Tollygunge" and "Hollywood".

</doc>
<doc id="19341690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341690" title="J16">
J16

J16, J 16, J.16 or J-16 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19341704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341704" title="Shenyang J-16">
Shenyang J-16

The Shenyang J-16 (Chinese: 歼-16) fighter/bomber is a new strike plane designed and manufactured by Shenyang Aircraft Corporation, China. This is a multi-role fighter/bomber variant based on the J-11BS with longer range and upgraded avionics, the concept is similar to F-15E fighter/bomber. The first few photos of J-16 were published on Chinese internet websites around June 2012. It appears J-16 has a slightly different vertical stabilizer compared to J-11 fighter or J-15 naval fighter. It is also equipped with missile pylons for Chinese PL-8 air-to-air missiles, another difference compared to earlier J-11 variants.
Like the J-11BS and the J-15, the fighter features numerous enhancements such as an AESA radar from the 607th institute (the same manufacturer of the AESA found on the J-11B and J-15), composites, radar absorbent material, MAWS, WS-10 engine, ECM upgrades, and more.
According to media reports, China has developed Shenyang J-16 fighter based on the Shenyang J-11 airframe influenced by the Russian Sukhoi Su-30MKK that was sold to China in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19341709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341709" title="Glaucopsyche melanops">
Glaucopsyche melanops

The Black-Eyed Blue ("Glaucopsyche melanops") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Western part of Southern Europe and North Africa.
The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm. The butterfly flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Fabaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="19341724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341724" title="Francisco de Álava y Nureña">
Francisco de Álava y Nureña

Francisco de Alava y Nureña, (born ca. 1567) was the brother-in-law of the Governor of Chile, Pedro Osores de Ulloa. He was designated as temporary governor of the Kingdom of Chile by Osores on his death bed on September 1624. Upon hearing of the death of Osores and the temporary appointment of Álava, the Viceroy of Peru, Diego Fernández de Córdoba, Marquis of Guadalcázar decided to replace him with his nephew Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce, hoping that he would have occasion to display his military skills in the War of Arauco. Córdoba replaced Álava in May 1625.

</doc>
<doc id="19341759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341759" title="Ernst Kals">
Ernst Kals

Ernst Kals (2 August 1905 – 2 November 1979) was a "Kapitän zur See" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He commanded the Type IXC U-boat on five patrols, and sank twenty ships, for a total of 145,656 tons of Allied shipping, becoming the sixteenth highest scoring U-Boat ace of World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Kals joined the "Reichsmarine" in 1924. In October 1940, after a period of service on torpedo boats and light cruisers, he transferred to the "Ubootwaffe" ("U-boat force"). After one patrol on under the command of Nicolai Clausen as commander in training, he took command of in June 1941. He was awarded the Knight's Cross in September 1941.
In April 1942, Kals, in U-130, bombarded the Allied petroleum tank farm on Curaçao, in the Netherlands Antilles. He went on to sink a total of 20 ships on five patrols, for a total of 145,656 tons of Allied shipping. In five minutes he sank three United States troopships, the , and .
In January 1943 Kals became commander of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla which based in Lorient, France. Promoted to Kapitän zur See in September 1944, he remained in this position until the end of the war.
Later life.
Kals was held in French captivity from May 1945 to January 1948. He died at Emden in 1979 at the age of 74.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of and Ernst Kals is credited with the sinking of 17 merchant ships for a total of , three auxiliary warships for a total of and damaging one further ship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19341764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341764" title="Railcars">
Railcars

Railcars can be:

</doc>
<doc id="19341767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341767" title="Canton of Envermeu">
Canton of Envermeu

The Canton of Envermeu is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming area in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Envermeu. The altitude varies from 0m (Biville-sur-Mer) to 196m (Notre-Dame-d'Aliermont) for an average altitude of 90m.
Composition.
The Canton of Envermeu comprises 30 communes and a total of 15,710 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19341776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341776" title="Laeosopis roboris">
Laeosopis roboris

The Spanish Purple Hairstreak ("Laeosopis roboris") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula and the South-East France.
The wingspan is 12–15 mm. The butterfly flies from April to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed primarily on "Fraxinus excelsior", but also other "Fraxinus" species and possibly "Ligustrum vulgare".

</doc>
<doc id="19341785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341785" title="J17">
J17

J17, J-17 or J.17 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19341786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341786" title="Pobal Chill Chomáin">
Pobal Chill Chomáin

Pobal Chill Chomáin (PCC, English: People of Kilcommon, also informally known as Gas to Glinsk) is a pressure group based in the parish of Kilcommon in County Mayo, Ireland. It emerged from the larger Shell to Sea campaign in April 2008. Vincent McGrath, one of the Rossport Five, is its chairman.
After its members campaigned for many years against Shell and the Irish government's actions, PCC proposed that the refinery site be moved to Glinsk, a large uninhabited area a few miles to the east of the intended pipeline route and refinery. The proposal was publicly backed by Labour Party president Michael D. Higgins, Bishop of Killala Dr. John Fleming, and local Fine Gael Teachta Dála Michael Ring but rejected by Shell and the government.
PCC submitted an application to the European Commission seeking an injunction suspending State consents for the Mayo gas project. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has deemed a PCC complaint about the three oil companies involved admissible (for breaching their guidelines for multinationals), and has offered to mediate between the two sides. After the failure of a forum which refused to countenance any going back on decisions already made regarding the refinery and pipeline locations, Shell and the government agreed to talks without preconditions in March 2009. PCC members have reported being under surveillance by the Garda Síochána.
In March 2009, PCC and S2S members removed a net erected by Shell sub-contractors Belcross from Glengad beach. The net was intended to prevent sand martins nesting in the dunes by the beach. On 23 April 2009, Willie Corduff, a PCC and S2S member, was hospitalised in the early hours of the morning after an alleged assault by security staff during a protest at Shell works at Glengad.
In June 2009 PCC members Vincent McGrath with Willie and Mary Corduff had a meeting with the Norwegian Ambassador to discuss local concerns about the project.
In an effort to resolve issues, the OECD is to host talks between Pobal Chill Chomáin and Shell EP Ireland, mainly centred on a complaint by Pobal Chill Chomáin that the project violates OECD guidelines for multinational companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19341810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341810" title="Leptotes pirithous">
Leptotes pirithous

Leptotes pirithous is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. Its common names are Lang's Short-tailed Blue and Common Zebra Blue
Description.
"Leptotes pirithous" is a small butterfly with a wingspan of 21–29 mm in males and 24–30 mm in females. The uppersides of the wings are purple bluish in males, bluish-brown in female. The undersides are dark beige striped with white lines. The hindwings show marginal orange and black spots and two small tails. For the design of the undersides of the wings they can be confused with" Lampides boeticus" and "Cacyreus marshalli". These butterflies fly from February to November depending on the location. They are regular migrants.
The larvae feed on the flowers and fruits of Fabaceae, Rosaceae and Plumbaginaceae species, including "Plumbago capensis", "Indigofera", "Rynchosia", "Vigna", "Burkea", "Mundulea", "Melilotus", "Crataegus", "Quercus suber", "Medicago sativa", "Trifolium alexandrium", "Arachis hypogaea", "Lythrum", "Calluna", "Genista", "Dorycnium", "Lythrum salicaria", "Calluna vulgaris", "Onobrychis viciifolia", "Ulex" and "Melilotus alba". A life cycle takes about 4–8 weeks, depending on the temperature.
Distribution.
This species can be found in southern Europe (Spain, France and Italy), along the Mediterranean coast, in Asia Minor up to the Himalayas, and in most of Africa and Madagascar.
Habitat.
This species prefers varied wasteland, cultivated areas and gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="19341812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341812" title="Siebs' law">
Siebs' law

Siebs' law is a Proto-Indo-European (PIE) phonological rule named after the German linguist Theodor Siebs. According to this law, if an s-mobile is added to a root that starts with a voiced or aspirated stop, that stop is devoiced. 
Compare:
Discussion.
Siebs proposed this law in the "Zeitschrift für vergleichende Sprachforschung auf dem Gebiete der indogermanischen Sprachen", as "Anlautstudien" (Berlin 1904: 37.277-324). Oswald Szemerenyi has rejected this rule, explaining that it is untenable and cites the contradiction present in Avestan "zdī" from PIE "be!" as counterproof (Szemerenyi 1999: 144). However, the PIE form is more accurately reconstructed as and thus Siebs' law appears to demand that the sibilant and aspirated stop are both adjacent and tautosyllabic, something which is known to only occur in word-initial position in Proto-Indo-European anyway.

</doc>
<doc id="19341821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341821" title="Songs of Love &amp; Loss 2">
Songs of Love &amp; Loss 2

Songs of Love & Loss 2 is the eighth studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Tina Arena, released on 15 November 2008 by EMI in Australia. Her second cover album, it follows on from "Songs of Love & Loss", released in 2007, and includes covers of songs by Blondie, Lulu, Alice Cooper and Split Enz among others. The first single, "Oh Me Oh My", was released to Australian radio on 22 October 2008 and made available for download on 8 November. The album was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association for sales in excess of thirty-five thousand just three days after its release and debuted at #12 on the ARIA Albums Chart. A limited edition was released featuring a bonus DVD with a 10 minute documentary on the making of the album. The documentary was also available as a video download with pre-orders of the album from the iTunes Store. The digital release also contained a bonus track, a cover of Petula Clark's 1964 hit "Downtown".
History.
Arena has stated she chose songs which she loved and held meaning for her. It was her manager Bruce Pawsey's idea for her to record Blondie's "Call Me" and she covered "Every Breath You Take" on the suggestion of her partner Vincent. Considered too 'safe' by Arena, "Your Song" was almost not included and an attempt at U2's "With or Without You" was completely scrapped. Producer Greg Fitzgerald had the idea of reworking Nik Kershaw's "Wouldn't It Be Good" and the sole original composition "Living a Lifetime Together" was written in 2003 by Arena, Paul Manners, Francesco De Benedittis and Emanuelle Vidal De Fonseca. Changes in staff at label EMI Australia left Arena unsure of her future and she revealed this stress contributed to two miscarriages she suffered during 2008 prior to the album sessions.
Arena recorded her vocals live with the London Studio Orchestra, conducted by Simon Hale, for seven of the album's songs at AIR Lyndhurst Hall in London during July 2008. Four more songs, including a cover of Joni Mitchell's "Both Sides Now", were recorded with Hale and the orchestra at Angel Studios in September after Arena returned from her Australian tour with Andrea Bocelli.
Charts and certification.
Peak positions.
1 Chart only recognises sales by Australian artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19341823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341823" title="1973–74 Coupe de France">
1973–74 Coupe de France

The 1973-74 Coupe de France was the 57th Coupe de France, France's annual national football cup competition. It was won by AS Saint-Étienne, who defeated AS Monaco FC in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19341825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341825" title="1971 Intercontinental Cup">
1971 Intercontinental Cup

The 1971 Intercontinental Cup was a football tie held over two legs in December 1971 between the runners up of the 1970–71 European Cup, Panathinaikos (European Cup winners Ajax declined to participate), and Nacional, winners of the 1971 Copa Libertadores.
The first leg was held on 15 December 1971 at the Karaiskakis Stadium, home of Olympiacos, as Panathinaikos ground was deemed unsuitable. The match finished up as a 1–1 draw. The goals came from Totis Filakouris in the 48th minute and Luis Artime in the 50th minute. Julio Morales broke the leg of Giannis Tomaras and was sent off.
Estadio Centenario hosted the return leg 13 days later on 28 December 1971. Nacional won the second leg 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19341834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341834" title="Contini">
Contini

Contini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19341845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341845" title="Canton of Eu">
Canton of Eu

The Canton of Eu is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming, fishing, forestry and light industry (especially glassmaking) in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Eu. The altitude varies from 0m (Villy-sur-Yères) to 189m (Melleville) for an average altitude of 57m.
Composition.
The Canton of Eu comprises 22 communes and a total of 26,064 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19341857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341857" title="Matthias Kuhle">
Matthias Kuhle

Matthias Kuhle (born 20 April 1948) is a German geographer and professor at the University of Göttingen. He edits the book series "Geography International" published by Shaker Verlag.[http://www.geogr.uni-goettingen.de/hg/Geography_International/Index.htm]
Education and career.
He studied German Philology, Geography, Philosophy at the Free University of Berlin; 1972 Final examination (Staatsexamen). Then he changed to the University of Göttingen for his doctor degree (Doctorate (PhD)) (1975) with the subjects: Geography, Geology, Philosophy and a monography on the Geomorphology and former Glaciation of South-Iranian High Mountains. 1980 the habilitation in Geography followed with a monography on: Dhaulagiri- and Annapurna Himalaya (Nepal): A Contribution to the Geomorphology of extreme High Mountains. 1983 he was appointed a Professor of Geography at the University of Göttingen and 1990 a full Professor of Geography and High Mountain Geomorphology in Göttingen.
His main areas of research are the mountain ranges and plateaus of High- and Central Asia, the Andes and the Arctic. Since 1973 he undertook there many research expeditions of several months. 
Kuhle’s priority program of research is High Mountain Ecology, Periglacial and Glacial Geomorphology, Climatology, Ice Age research (Paleoclimatology), Glaciology and Science Theory. His work focusses on the reconstruction of the former ice cover of High and Central Asia, caused by the plate tectonic-induced uplift of the Tibetan Plateau and surrounding mountain areas above the snowline. His theory of Ice Age Development during the Pleistocene is based on this reconstruction and his measurements of radiation energy and budget in subtropic areas of high altitude. Kuhle's idea of an ice sheet covering practically the entire Tibetan Plateau has been opposed by several glacial geologists (cf. Derbyshire et al. 1991; Zheng and Rutter 1998; Owen et al. 2005; Lehmkuhl and Owen 2005). These doubts, however ignore earlier geomorphological evidences and are mainly based on numerical datings, which up to now lack a reliable calibration technique (Kuhle & Kuhle 2010)]
References.
Derbyshire, E., Shi, Y.F., Li, J.J., Zheng, B.X., Li, S.J., Wang, J.T. (1991): Quaternary glaciation of Tibet: the geological evidence. Quaternary Science Reviews, 10, 485-510.
Dittmann, A., Kraas, F. and Schmiedecken, W. (Ed.) (2006): Wer ist wo? Geographinnen und Geographen an Universitäten, Hochschulen und Forschungseinrichtungen in Deutschland, Österreich und der Schweiz. Bonn 2006.
Ehlers, J. and Gibbard, P.L (Eds.) (2004). Quaternary Glaciations - Extent and Chronology, Part III: South America, Asia, Africa, Australia, Antarctica, Development in Quaternary Science 2; Elsevier B.V., Amsterdam, 1-380.
Gupta, S.K., Sharma, P. (1992): On the nature of the ice cap on the Tibetian Plateau during the late Quaternary. In: Global and Planetary Change, Vol. 5, Issue 4, pages 339-343.
Hughes, T.J. (1998): Ice Sheets, Oxford University Press, New York, 343 pages.
Kaufmann, G. (2004): Geodetic signatures of a Late Pleistocene Tibetan ice sheet. In Journal of Geodynamics, Volume 39, Issue 2, 111-125.
Kuhle, M.(1988): The Pleistocene Glaciation of Tibet and the Onset of Ice Ages- An Autocycle Hypothesis. In: GeoJournal 17 (4), Tibet and High-Asia. Results of the Sino-German Joint Expeditions (I). Kuhle, M., Wang Wenjing (eds.); Kluwer, Dordrecht/ Boston/ London: 581-596.
Kuhle, M. (2002): A relief-specific model of the ice age on the basis of uplift-controlled glacier areas in Tibet and the corresponding albedo increase as well as their positiv climatological feedback by means of the global radiation geometry.- Climate Research 20: 1-7.
Kuhle, M. (2004): The High Glacial (Last Ice Age and LGM) ice cover in High and Central Asia. Development in Quaternary Science 2 (c, Quaternary Glaciation - Extent and Chronology, Part III: South America, Asia, Africa, Australia, Antarctica, Eds: Ehlers, J.; Gibbard, P.L.), 175-199. (Elsevier B.V., Amsterdam).
Lautenschlager, M., Santer, B.D. (1991): Atmospheric Response to a Hypothetical Tibetian Ice Sheet.In: Journal of Climate, Vol. 4, Issue 4,pp. 386–394.
Lehmkuhl, F., Owen, L.A. (2005): Late Quaternary glaciation of Tibet and the bordering mountains: a review. Boreas, 34, 87-100.
Liedke, H. (2001): Besprechung des Bandes "Zeitschrift für Geomorphologie" 'Glaciation and Periglacial in Asian High Mountains', Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Geomorphology, Tokyo, Japan, August 23 to 28, 2001, Vol. 130, Supplementbände und Synopsis: Bespr.: Zeitschrift für Geomorphologie vol. 48 no. 2 Contents.
Marsiat, I. (1994). Simulation of the northern hemisphere continental ice sheets over the last glacial-interglacial cycle: experiments with a latitude-longitude vertically integrated ice sheet model coupled to a zonally averaged climate model. Palaeoclimates 1, 59-98.
Owen, L.A., Finkel, R.C., Barnard, P.L., Ma, H.Z., Asahi, K., Caffee, M.W., Derbyshire, E. (2005): Climatic and topographic controls on the style and timing of Late Quaternary glaciation throughout Tibet and the Himalaya defined by 10Be cosmogenic radionuclide surface exposure dating. Quaternary Science Reviews, 24, 1391-1411.
Wang, Hansheng (2001): Effects of glacial isostatic adjustment since the late Pleistocene on the uplift of the Tibetan Plateau. Geophys. J. Int. (2001) 144, 448-458.
Xu Daoming & Shen Yongping (1995). On Ancient Ice-Sheet and Ice Age in the Tibetan Plateau. Journal of Glaciology and Geocryology Vol.17 No.3 Sept. 1995, 17 p (in Chinese, Abstract in English).
Zheng, B.X., Rutter, N. (1998): On the problem of Quaternary glaciations, and the extent and patterns of Pleistocene ice cover in the Qinghai-Xizang (Tibet) plateau. Quaternary International, 45/46, 109-122.

</doc>
<doc id="19341865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341865" title="Christopher Fox">
Christopher Fox

Christopher Fox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19341868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341868" title="Lycaeides melissa">
Lycaeides melissa

The Melissa Blue ("Lycaeides melissa") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Western North America, from Canada to Mexico. The Karner Blue ("Lycaeides melissa samuelis") is a subspecies of the Melissa Blue, and was described by the novelist/lepidopterist Vladimir Nabokov. It is sometimes placed in the genus "Plebejus".
The wingspan is 22–35 mm. The butterfly flies from April to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lupin, "Medicago" and "Lotus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19341871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341871" title="Campion Cycle Company">
Campion Cycle Company

The Campion Cycle Company was a British bicycle, cyclecar and motor cycle maker, active from 1901 to 1926 and based in Nottingham, England.
In 1927 it was purchased by currys. 
Motor cycles.
Campion motorcycles used a variety of proprietary engines including Minerva, MMC, Fafnir, Precision, Villiers, Blackburne and JAP. 
They also supplied frames to other companies.
Campion Cyclecar.
The Cyclecar was made only in 1913 and was powered by a JAP V twin with a rating of 8hp. It used a friction transmission system and drove the rear wheels by a belt. 

</doc>
<doc id="19341899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341899" title="Sydney Speleological Society">
Sydney Speleological Society

Sydney Speleological Society (SSS) is a caving group based in Sydney, Australia. The Sydney Speleological Society was founded in 1954 and is one of the oldest caving groups in Australia. The Sydney Speleological Society has had a considerable impact on caving, being involved in many of the significant events and proceedings regarding caving, caving standards, caving publications, cave equipment, caving safety, cave rescue since its inception.
The Sydney Speleological Society has published many books on caving and caving areas in Australia and continues to work on many projects to further our understanding of caving and karst areas in Australia and overseas.
The Sydney Speleological Society publishes a monthly scientific journal that documents the many activities of the society and caving in general. The Journal has been in continuous publication for over 50 years, making it one of the oldest continually published caving journals in Australia with over 630 editions. This publication is an important source of information on many aspects of caving in Australia and overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="19341914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341914" title="Joe Fox">
Joe Fox

Christopher Joseph "Joe" Fox (4 April 1931 – 1 October 1981) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A farmer and auctioneer, Fox was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County North constituency at the 1977 general election but lost his seat at the 1981 general election. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1979 European Parliament election in the Dublin constituency. He was also a member of Dublin County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19341916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341916" title="Nicholas Grigsby">
Nicholas Grigsby

Nicholas Grigsby (born 13 September 1974) is a prominent New Zealand concert organist, academic, broadcaster and music critic.
A former organ scholar of Salisbury Cathedral, he studied organ and improvisation with Colin Walsh, Organist Laureate of Lincoln Cathedral, Peter Wright at Southwark Cathedral, London and in France at Rouen Conservatoire with the blind organist Louis Thiry, a former pupil of the late "virtuoso" Marchal.
He completed his Master of Music degree in organ & harpsichord performance with Dr. Rachael Griffiths-Hughes at Waikato University, Hamilton New Zealand graduating with First Class Honours.
Currently finalising a PhD thesis into the earliest aspects of the life of the musician Johann Sebastian Bach (1685–1750), he was in 2008 awarded a Visiting Fellowship by Harvard University to undertake independent research at the Graduate School of Arts & Sciences.
Nicholas Grigsby is a regular broadcaster on the New Zealand national radio network "Concert", presenting programmes such as the musicology-based "Composer of the Week", the music review magazine "Pressing On", and the interview programme, "Appointment". He has also been broadcast as a solo organist by Radio New Zealand, the BBC in the UK, and also in the United States.
He is Artistic Director of the "Whanganui Festival of Organ Music", New Zealand's principal showcase of pipe organ music, based at the historic Collegiate School, where since 2004 he has been Director of Music and School Organist, before this Grigsby was the Musical Director of Scots College, Wellington where he had replaced Nigel Williams .
Nicholas Grigsby is a regular performer at international festivals of organ music, most recently in New Zealand, Australia, Asia-Pacific, France, Germany, US, and the UK. He also presents duo organ concerts with the freelance organist & jazz pianist Max Kenworthy.
In 2007 the duo produced a live concert recording, "Four Hands / Four Feet", from Dunedin Town Hall, New Zealand, which remains a critically acclaimed performance. Their concerts have also featured on the BBC's "The Organist Entertains" programme and "Pipedreams" on public radio throughout the US
In addition to the degree of Master of Music (Hons.), Grigsby holds the degree of Bachelor of Music with Honours, is a Licentiate in Organ Performance from Trinity College of Music, London, an Associate of the Institute of Registered Music Teachers of New Zealand, a Diploma holder in Organ Performance with Honours of the St. Cecilia School of Music of Australia & New Zealand, a Fellow in Musicology of the Australian Society of Musicologists & Composers, and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19341926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341926" title="Vagn Hovard">
Vagn Hovard

Vagn Eichner Hovard (July 14, 1914 – September 6, 1998) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in Frederiksberg.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match as halfback. Twelve years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played one match as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19341946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341946" title="Canton of Fontaine-le-Dun">
Canton of Fontaine-le-Dun

The Canton of Fontaine-le-Dun is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming area in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Fontaine-le-Dun. The altitude varies from 0m (Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer) to 128m (Anglesqueville-la-Bras-Long) for an average altitude of 68m.
Composition.
The Canton of Fontaine-le-Dun comprises 16 communes and a total of 4,888 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19341966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341966" title="60 Ft. Dolls">
60 Ft. Dolls

60 Ft. Dolls were a British rock trio active in the 1990s.
Career.
They were formed in Newport in 1992 by Richard J. Parfitt and Michael Cole, who met through Donna Matthews (later of Elastica), who was at the time, dating Cole and working part-time in the same pizza restaurant as Parfitt. After problems finding the right drummer, they eventually took on pastor's son Carl Bevan. Initially influenced by touring American hardcore bands that played in Newport (and in particular, prominent local venue T. J.'s), the Dolls played noisy yet melodic rock, described by the "NME" as "grunge mod...proto-pub metal blues of the first order". In 1993, Huw Williams of the Pooh Sticks became their manager and released the debut single "Happy Shopper", named after a British convenience store chain, on his own Townhill label.
After supports with Oasis, Elastica and Dinosaur Jr., 60 Ft. Dolls released their second single "White Knuckle Ride" on Rough Trade Records and then "Pig Valentine" on the RCA imprint Indolent Records. These early singles were championed heavily by BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq, and as a consequence were picked up by influential American DJ Rodney Bingenheimer of KROQ-FM. This resulted in the band signing a deal with Geffen Records in the USA. The "New York Times" listed "Pig Valentine" among its 1996 singles of the year. The band broke into the UK Top 40 with their third single "Talk to Me" (Indolent, 1996). This was followed by their debut album, "The Big 3", which was called "close to soar-away rock perfection as it's possible to imagine" by the "NME" and "[pure, unadulterated, no nonsense, emotional, tuneful, impassioned, purposeful, hedonistic rock 'n' roll" by "Melody Maker". The album was included in "Mojo"'s 2003 retrospective feature "Top 12 Britpop albums of the 90s", which called it "a devilishly evocative document of the period".
The band toured extensively in the UK, Japan and Europe, including several summer festival appearances as well as opening for The Sex Pistols at their 1996 Finsbury Park reunion gig. But they were dogged by alcohol problems, and after an exhaustive three tours of the USA in 1997, never toured again. They released their second album, "Joya Magica", in late 1998 and split soon after.
The band recorded two sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show, in 1996 and 1998, and appear in the top 125 Peel sessions of all time.
Mike Cole once played guitar for Newport's The Darling Buds but was asked to leave after just three gigs. He was also asked to stand in for Paul McGuigan on Oasis' 1996 tour of the USA, but declined.
Carl Bevan's father, Pastor Ray Bevan, heads one of the biggest evangelical churches in the UK and once sang guest vocals on the Dolls' "Let The Spirit Move You", a 12" white label-only release, limited to one thousand copies and mixed by Wubble-U.
Welsh pop-soul singer Duffy credits Richard Parfitt with "changing her life" and setting her on the road to fame after he hooked her up with manager Jeanette Lee.
The track "Hair", written by Mike Cole about his then-girlfriend Donna Matthews, was placed Number 7 in "Mojo"'s "100 Most Miserable Indie Songs of All Time" feature.
The Dolls were included, with Catatonia and others, in a House of Commons Early Day Motion, extolling the virtues of Newport's rock and roll credentials.
More recently, Carl Bevan produced Black Junk, the 2011 album by Cardiff trio Exit_International, which was shortlisted in the 2012 Welsh Music Awards. In 2012 the former 60 Ft. Dolls drummer launched a new project, the female-fronted rock and roll band The Lash.

</doc>
<doc id="19341974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341974" title="Carlette">
Carlette

The Carlette was a British cyclecar made in 1913 by the Holstein Garage of Weybridge, Surrey. 
The car was powered by an 8 hp JAP V-twin engine. This was coupled to a countershaft by a rubber belt. Different "gear" ratios were available by moving the position of the belt with final drive by a further belt to the right hand rear wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="19341988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341988" title="1972–73 Coupe de France">
1972–73 Coupe de France

The 1972–73 Coupe de France was its 56th edition. It was won by Olympique Lyonnais which defeated FC Nantes in the Final.
Semi-finals.
First round
Second round

</doc>
<doc id="19341989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19341989" title="Jørgen Robert Hansen">
Jørgen Robert Hansen

Jørgen Robert Viggo Hansen (23 March 1911 – 6 August 1991) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Kalundborg.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as back.
Twelve years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played all four matches as back.

</doc>
<doc id="19342006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342006" title="Behzad Dadashzadeh">
Behzad Dadashzadeh

Behzad Dadashzadeh, born June 22, 1971, is a retired Iranian football player and now manager. He was a midfielder for a number of clubs, most notably Persepolis F.C. and Esteghlal F.C. as well as the Iran national football team.
Club career.
Dadashzadeh started his club career with Esteghlal Rasht F.C. and then Persepolis F.C. and also played for Payam Mashhad F.C., Zob Ahan F.C., Esteghlal F.C. and Bargh Shiraz F.C. and Azarbijan Tehran
International career.
He played for Iran national team in 1994 World Cup Qualification round, 1994 Asian Games and 2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup and AFC Beach Soccer Championship.
Coaching career.
He was one of the coaches of Iran national beach soccer team in 2006 FIFA Beach Soccer, 2007 FIFA Beach Soccer and then again in 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup. He was re-appointed on January 2010.
He was also assistant coach of Damash Gilan F.C. in Azadegan League 2009-10.

</doc>
<doc id="19342007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342007" title="Canton of Forges-les-Eaux">
Canton of Forges-les-Eaux

The Canton of Forges-les-Eaux is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Forges-les-Eaux. The altitude varies from 101m (Mesnil-Mauger) to 246m (Gaillefontaine) for an average altitude of 170m.
Composition.
The Canton of Forges-les-Eaux comprises 21 communes and a total of 10,340 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19342010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342010" title="Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor">
Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor

Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor, (México 1585? – † ? ); Spanish Oidor, lawyer of the Real Audiencia of Chile. After the death of governor Lope de Ulloa y Lemos, he assumed the temporary government of Chile for eleven months, between December 1620 and November 1621.

</doc>
<doc id="19342014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342014" title="The Cross of My Calling">
The Cross of My Calling

The Cross of My Calling is an album by The (International) Noise Conspiracy. It was recorded at Sunset Sound in Hollywood and is their second full-length album with legendary producer Rick Rubin. It was released through Vagrant/American Recordings on November 25th, 2008 in the US and through Burning Heart on November 14th, 2008 in Europe. The song "The Assassination of Myself" is currently streaming on their MySpace page and the Tripwire website is host to a free download of the song "I Am The Dynamite" - the 9th track (and first post-Interlude) on the forthcoming album.

</doc>
<doc id="19342017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342017" title="Johannes Robert Jensen">
Johannes Robert Jensen

Johannes Robert Jensen (February 2, 1916 – August 2, 1984) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kalundborg and died in Hvidovre.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as forward.
Twelve years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played all four matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19342027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342027" title="Lycaena helle">
Lycaena helle

The Violet Copper (Lycaena helle) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from the Pyrenees to Northern Norway and from Belgium to Central Asia.
The wingspan is 24–26 mm. The butterfly flies from May to July depending on the location.

</doc>
<doc id="19342030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342030" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Slovenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 after the Slovene broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTV SLO), confirmed that Slovenia will appear at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow and also announced that they will be changing the national final format.
The winner of EMA 2009 was Quartissimo and Martina Majerle with "Love Symphony", which received full marks from the jury and came fourth in the public televote.
EMA 2009.
EMA 2009 was in February 2009, with changes occurring to the format. Instead of two semi-finals of ten songs each, with the top five qualifying for the final as in last year's contest, RTV SLO announced that only one semi-final will be held, containing 14 songs. Six songs invited by RTV SLO will automatically qualify for the final, with eight or more songs from the semi-final qualifying for the final. The final of EMA 2009 will be held on 1 February 2009, with the semi-final held the day before on 31 January.
It has also been announced that, unlike the previous two years, a 50:50 mix of jury and televoting will return to EMA to select the winner, however in previous years the results of the jury have not been consistent with public opinion and it is unknown how the jury results will pan out on the night of the contest. As well as this, no super final will be held against the top two songs, with only one televoting round being held to select the winner.
RTV SLO received 113 for EMA 2009, with 6 entries coming from elsewhere than Slovenia: two entries were from Irish authors; two from the United Kingdom; one from Sweden; and another one from Germany. A jury selected 14 acts to compete in the semi-final. All acts, both semi-final and automatic final qualifiers, were revealed on 3 December.
Both the semi-final and the final will be hosted by Peter Poles and Maja Martina Merljak.
Semi-final.
The semi-final of EMA 2009 was held on 31 January 2009. The songs and artists that competed were released on 3 December 2008. 14 songs in total competed, with 8 qualifying to the final on 1 February.
The interval act for the semi-final will include performances by Darja Švajger, who came 7th for Slovenia in 1995, as well as Slovenia's 2007 entry Alenka Gotar, at the time the only Slovene entry to qualify to the final.
The full results of the semi-final were released after the final, and showed that Quartissimo and Martina Majerle came top in both the televote and jury vote. In joint second was Karmen Stavec and Nuška Drašček.
Final.
The final of EMA 2009 was held on 1 February 2009. 14 songs again competed, consisting of the six automatic finalists and the eight semi-final qualifiers. The songwriters of the automatic finalists are those achieved remarkable success on EMA in recent years and celebrated some hits in the Slovenian charts. The automatic artists and songwriters were known on 3 December, released along with the semi-finalists, however their song titles were not known until 29 December.
Interval acts during the show were made by Natalija Verboten, Helena Blagne, the 2008 Slovene entry Rebeka Dremelj and the 2008 winner Dima Bilan.
The winner of EMA 2009 was Quartissimo with "Love Symphony", composed by Andrej Babić and Aleksandar Valenčić with vocals performed by Martina Majerle. Second was former Slovene entry Omar Naber while Alya & Rudi and Samuel Lucas came joint third. After the final, however, it became evident that Langa & Manca Špik, who came fifth overall, was the clear favourite with the televoters, gaining 22,294 teleovtes in total, almost 14,000 more than runner-up Čuki and over 17,000 more votes than the overall winner, and 31.5% of the 70,758 total votes.
Promotion.
Before competing at Eurovision, Quartissimo and Martina conducted a large promotion tour to promote "Love Symphony". The group performed at the Bosnia and Herzegovina song presentation on 1 March, performing in Slovene, as well as the semi-final of Serbia's Beovizija 2009 on 7 March.
The group are confirmed to perform at the Eurovision Promo Concert on 18 April in Amsterdam.
At Eurovision.
Slovenia competed in second semi-final after Rebeka Dremelj came 11th in the 2008 semi-final. Slovenia performed tenth in the running order of the semi-final, following Denmark and preceding Hungary, where Quartissimo and Martina failed to qualify to the final on 16 May.

</doc>
<doc id="19342050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342050" title="Neville Smith (rugby league)">
Neville Smith (rugby league)

Neville Smith (1916 - 5 June 1979) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1930s and 40s. After moving from Bathurst to Queensland, he played club football in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for three seasons with Fortitude Valley and represented for the Maroons on two occasions in 1938. The following year he returned South to play in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership with the St. George club and was the League's top point-scorer that season. When he was 22, Smith was appointed the youngest captain-coach in the club's history and in 1941 he led them to their first premiership and was again the League's top point-scorer. During the grand final he was knocked unconscious in a heavy tackle but recovered to score 13 points (1 try and 5 goals).
Smith also played for New South Wales in six matches in 1940 (as captain) and 1941 but did not represent Australia because of the outbreak of war. After winning the 1941 premiership as captain-coach of St. George, he sat out the 1942 season. Smith returned for a final year as captain-coach of St. George in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19342051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342051" title="Filing for the Enemy">
Filing for the Enemy

"Filing for the Enemy" is the second episode in the third season, the 43rd episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on October 2, 2008. The episode was written by Joel Fields and directed by Michael Spiller.
Plot.
At a shoot for "Player" involving "sexy lawyers and judges," Betty discovers Daniel (who took Betty's "idea" for the aforementioned shoot) working on a "Mode" mock-up sent to him by mistake. When Betty takes the mock-up to Alexis, Alexis is impressed with how it turned out... in fact, so impressed she tells Wilhelmina that Daniel's ideas were better than hers. Wilhelmina, as "Mode" Editor-in-Chief, finds a way to ensure her future at Meade Publications—by manipulating Betty, who Wilhelmina feels can help her succeed, into joining her team. 
Seeing Betty's potential, Wilhelmina invites her to lunch at a chic restaurant. Betty, however, has serious doubts (no surprise, considering Wilhelmina has interfered in Betty's career so often), but Wilhelmina says she wants to bury the hatchet and tells Betty if she wants to move up in the world of magazine publishing, to rejoin the "Mode" staff and work for her. Unfortunately, as Betty tells her family about the offer, Wilhelmina jumps the gun by rubbing it in Daniel's face at work, leading to Daniel forcing Betty to decide... which she does by accepting Wilhelmina's offer.
As Betty resumes her work at "Mode" under Marc, it appears that Betty is winning Wilhelmina over, with "winning over" being the operative phrase. At a meeting with a cosmetics mogul to negotiate an advertising deal, Betty offers suggestions that impress the mogul and are accepted (grudgingly) by Wilhelmina. Betty is then sent by Wilhelmina on a seemingly impossible errand... to fetch a historic tiara under guard in a museum, for Wilhelmina to wear at the "Mode" re-launch gala. When Betty returns with two museum guards and the tiara, Wilhelmina admits she was only testing Betty the same way Fey Sommers once tested Wilhelmina, and says she wants to make Betty her protégé and personal assistant, which shocks Marc. Wilhelmina then hands the re-launch party planning (which was Marc's assignment) to Betty, causing a major rift between Betty and the deeply offended Marc. 
The abrupt changes left Betty with more questions than answers, which is made worse when she falls asleep and dreams that she became a "Betty-mina", where Betty looked exactly like Wilhemina but with braces and glasses, shouting and firing all the staff, getting botox from Marc, chucking Daniel out of her office and then proceeding to kick Halston, Amanda's dog, but then woke up before she saw it, which gave her a horrible shock. Marc and Amanda gives Betty bags full of "old mail" to shred. Luckily, before she began her task, Betty discovered the bags were full of supportive letters to Daniel from "Mode" readers that Wilhelmina had kept hidden. As she showed Daniel the letters, Betty encouraged him to fight for his old job.
That evening at the party, Betty decided to give Wilhelmina two weeks' notice, which Wilhelmina accepted but without telling her that she made the wrong choice. As Betty was about to leave, Claire stopped by to smugly announce a "surprise." As Daniel and Alexis joined Claire, Alexis told Wilhelmina she was demoting her back to creative director and restoring Daniel as Editor-in-Chief. This came about after Wilhelmina's reworking of "Mode" had resulted in a plunge in sales and subscribers. Wilhelmina was humiliated and stunned; Claire reminds Wilhelmina that despite the impending birth of Wilhelmina and Bradford's child (being carried by Christina), Wilhelmina is not part of the Meade empire. Claire dramatically makes her point by shoving an ice sculpture of Wilhelmina off its pedestal to shatter on the floor. A furious Wilhelmina walks away, setting the stage for a new battle between her and the Meades. Daniel rehires Betty, who realizes Marc masterminded the "letter-shredding" scheme so Betty could give Daniel the letters, allowing Betty to return to Daniel while Marc reclaimed his position as Wilhelmina's assistant. Marc admits that despite his loyalty, he is willing to hurt Wilhelmina's interests if she is damaging his. 
Meanwhile, a custody battle for Daniel Jr. heats up when Daniel learns that DJ's French grandparents are holding up his immigration papers. This has Daniel concerned that DJ might be returned to France; when Daniel tentatively broaches the topic with his son, DJ says he wants to stay with his father, and Daniel decides to fight for custody. 
Hilda continues to romance Tony, who surprises her by asking her on a "real" dinner date because his wife is supposed to be out of town. Hilda accepts with delight. When Tony stops by Mode to see Betty and pick up a specially autographed copy of "Player," Marc and Amanda swoon over the coach (to no avail). After Tony leaves, Amanda reveals she swiped the coach's cell phone. Betty takes the phone away, only to see pictures of Tony kissing "another woman" and (as Betty thinks) cheating on Hilda. At her apartment that evening, Betty finally admits this to Hilda, who says the woman is Tony's wife. Betty is shocked, but Hilda says she's in love with Tony and wants to keep seeing him. Unfortunately, Tony stands Hilda up for their date... his wife didn't leave town after all, as Hilda discovers when she calls Tony from the restaurant to see what's keeping him. Instead, she hears him fake a conversation with a "male friend" so his wife won't overhear and realize who he's really talking to. Hilda hangs up, looking forlorn.
In another scenario, Christina confesses to Betty that she thinks Stuart is abusing drugs again. She sends some of Stuart's hair to a lab for testing. When the results come back positive, Christina is devastated—the only reason she agreed to be Wilhelmina's baby-mama surrogate was to get money for Stuart's "experimental treatment." When Stuart returns, Christina accuses him of using drugs and the couple have a brief, but nearly violent fight. When Christina threatens to call immigration, Stuart roughly shoves over a mannequin and stalks off, leaving his shocked wife behind.
That evening, as Christina is leaving Mode for the day, she misses the elevator and is forced to take the stairs. She is then pushed down the stairs by an unshown assailant and knocked unconscious, putting the life of the unborn child in question.
Casting.
This episode will feature the first appearance by Heather Tom in the recurring role of State Department agent Holly Wright.
Trivia.
The character that said "Previously on "Ugly Betty"" is Daniel.
Reception.
Notes Zap2it's Hanh Nguyen on the well-received episode: "Things move fast in "Ugly Betty" land, so even though equilibrium was achieved in this episode, a whole lot of wrong was put into motion as well."
"Entertainment Weekly"'s Tanner Stransky cites the Betty-mina daydream as one of the best moments in this episode: "How delicious was last night's episode of "Ugly Betty"? Hands down, the best moment was the hammy flash-forward scene where we saw a future version of Betty reimagined in the divalicious image of Wilhelmina. Honestly, who requests a snack of carrot shavings? And that bit with the puppy at the end? Genius!"
Ratings.
The episode, which aired on the same night as the Joseph Biden/Sarah Palin Vice Presidential debate that followed this episode, came in with only a 5.7/9 overall, a 2.6 among 18-49s and 8.6 million viewers watching, to place second behind CBS' "".

</doc>
<doc id="19342053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342053" title="Basurto-Zorroza">
Basurto-Zorroza

Basurto-Zorroza (or Basurtu-Zorrotza) is the eighth district of the city of Bilbao, Basque Country (Spain). It is divided into the neighbourhoods of Altamira, Basurto, Olabeaga, Masustegui-Monte Caramelo and Zorrotza.
It is separated from Barakaldo by the river Kadagua.
Its area is 7.09 square kilometers and has a population of 33,780 inhabitants.
Places of interest.
The district is the location of:
Transport.
The 8th district of Bilbao has a very important role as a transportation hub, the main road access to the city from the A-8 motorway crosses the heart of the district (Av. Sabino Arana). This causes heavy disruption to the residents of the district, a new road access is projected through the less populated areas of Basurto.
All railway companies operating in Bilbao except EuskoTren have stations in the 8th district:
On top of that, the main bus station of the city (Termibus) is located in Basurto.

</doc>
<doc id="19342054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342054" title="Canton of Gournay-en-Bray">
Canton of Gournay-en-Bray

The Canton of Gournay-en-Bray is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and associated light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Gournay-en-Bray. The altitude varies from 77m (Neuf-Marché) to 229m (Avesnes-en-Bray) for an average altitude of 139m.
Composition.
The Canton of Gournay-en-Bray comprises 16 communes and a total of 11,952 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19342062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342062" title="2007 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
2007 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

The 2007 World Table Tennis Championships, Men's Doubles event took place in Zagreb, Croatia between May 21 and May 27, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19342079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342079" title="Aage Kirkegaard">
Aage Kirkegaard

Aage Emil Kirkegaard (October 14, 1914 – October 6, 1992) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nørre Nissum and died in Nykøbing Falster.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19342083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342083" title="CFB (car)">
CFB (car)

The CFB was a British four-wheeled cyclecar made between 1920 to 1921 by the CFB Car Syndicate Ltd of Upper Norwood, London. The company name stood for Charles Frederick Beauvais who later went on to build the Bow-V-Car and then joined coachbuilder New Avon Body Company designing bodies for Standard, Crossley Motors and others. Very few CFBs were made. 
The 1078 cc, air-cooled, Precision V twin engine with RAC rating of 9 hp was coupled to a friction drive which gave a varying drive ratio by moving the driven wheel along a cone. This then used bevel gerars to connect to a countershaft and thence to the rear wheels by a belt.

</doc>
<doc id="19342087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342087" title="Lycaena thersamon">
Lycaena thersamon

The Lesser Fiery Copper ("Lycaena thersamon") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Eastern Europe, Italy and South-East Europe to Mongolia and North-Western China.
The wingspan is 14–16 mm. The butterfly flies from April to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Polygonum aviculare", and possibly other Polygonaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="19342093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342093" title="National Asset Recovery Services">
National Asset Recovery Services

National Asset Recovery Services, or NARS, is a company that specializes in call center solutions.
Operations.
Headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri National Asset Recovery Services, Inc. is a Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) Company for consumer collection agencies in the United States. Founded in 1993, there are other locations in Cape Girardeau, Missouri; Jamaica; and Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="19342121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342121" title="Padapparamba">
Padapparamba

Padapparamba (പടപ്പറമ്പ്) is a village in the Malappuram district in the Indian state of Kerala. It was the erstwhile place of Valluvanad, an erstwhile princely state of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="19342122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342122" title="1971–72 Coupe de France">
1971–72 Coupe de France

The 1971–72 Coupe de France was its 55th edition. It was won by Olympique de Marseille which defeated SEC Bastia in the Final.
Semi-finals.
First round
Second round

</doc>
<doc id="19342125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342125" title="Henry Kristian Larsen">
Henry Kristian Larsen

Henry Kristian Larsen (May 16, 1914 – August 14, 1986) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vig, Trundholm, Zealand and died in Kalundborg.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19342129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342129" title="Iran at the 1998 Winter Paralympics">
Iran at the 1998 Winter Paralympics

Iran participated in the seventh Winter Paralympics in Nagano, Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19342142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342142" title="River Tora">
River Tora

The Tora Torrent is a stream in Tuscany, central Italy. It is a stretch of water from below Pisan Hills, south of the Arno Valley.
With its 29 kilometres it is the longest river that receives most of its tributaries from Livorno Hills. It leads in Scolmatore dell'Arno near Mortaiolo.

</doc>
<doc id="19342144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342144" title="Wolfgang Hasenfuss">
Wolfgang Hasenfuss

Wolfgang Hasenfuss (; born December 11, 1900, Jēkabpils, Russian Empire – died 1944, Riga) was a Latvian chess master of Baltic German ethnicity.
He played for Latvia in Chess Olympiads and 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad:
Hasenfuss won individual bronze medal in 1931.
He took 6th at Riga 1932 (Vladimirs Petrovs won), took 4th at Riga 1934 (LAT-ch, Fricis Apšenieks and Petrovs won), tied for 17th–18th at Kemeri 1937 (Samuel Reshevsky, Petrovs and Salo Flohr won), and took 10th at Kemeri / Riga 1939 (Flohr won).
In 1944 Hasenfuss was the leader of the Riga Chess Championship, but due to illness was forced to withdraw from the tournament. His date of death is unknown, but according to unconfirmed reports he died the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19342160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342160" title="Louis Prahm">
Louis Prahm

Jean Louis Francois Philipsen Prahm (September 15, 1912 – December 4, 2003) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Born in the Dutch East Indies.
He was the younger brother of Peter Prahm.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19342177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342177" title="Nishida Shunei">
Nishida Shunei

Biography.
In 1977 Nishida graduated from Musashino Art University, Department of Japanese Painting.
Nishida Shun'ei was greatly inspired by Indian culture, and in 1993 went to study painting as overseas research personnel of the Japanese Agency for Cultural Affairs. While in India he was awakened to portraiture and in 1995 received the Nihon Bijutsuin (Japan Art Institute) Award as well as the newly established Adachi Museum of Art Award for his “Pushkar no Rojin” (Old man of Pushkar), depicting the face of an Indian village chief.
In 1996 he won the Tenshin Memorial Ibaraki Award for “Jakko” (Serene Light) depicting a young monk of Ladakh. In 1997 he received the Nihon Bijutsuin (Japan Art Institute) Award for the second time for "Carlos", which was praised for its use of light in depicting the life and feelings of the subject. Shun'ei was recommended for “Donin” (member) of the institute.
The exhibition "Inochi no Sanka" led to the publication of the book of the same name in 2003.
At present Nishida Shun'ei is a Donin (member) and Hyogi-in (Councilor) of the Japan Art Institute.
Works.
1983
1984
1990
1995
1996
1997
2002
2005
2006

</doc>
<doc id="19342185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342185" title="4 Clubbers">
4 Clubbers

4 Clubbers is a German trance music group, best known for their cover of the song "Children".

</doc>
<doc id="19342191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342191" title="Mogens Thomassen">
Mogens Thomassen

Mogens Vilhelm Thomassen (September 24, 1914 – April 29, 1987) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hellerup, Gentofte.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19342223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342223" title="Alfred Polgar">
Alfred Polgar

Alfred Polgar (originally: "Alfred Polak", pseudonyms: "Archibald Douglas", "L. A. Terne"; born 17 October 1873 – 24 April 1955, Zürich) was an Austrian-born journalist, one of the most renowned intellectuals of the Vienna coffeehouses. 
He was born in Leopoldstadt. He left Austria in 1938, and later worked in Hollywood.
He was known as a drama critic (in Berlin from 1925 to 1933), and as an essayist. He died in Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="19342225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342225" title="Economic (Cyclecar)">
Economic (Cyclecar)

The Economic was a British three-wheeled cyclecar made from 1919 to 1922 by Economic Motors of Wells Street, London, W1. It was, at £60, almost certainly the cheapest car on the British market at the time.
The car had a single front wheel and no suspension, relying on the tyres and the flexibility of its ash frame to absorb road bumps. The two seater body was very simple with no windscreen or weather protection. The bodywork was minimal.
The 165 cc, air-cooled, flat twin two-stroke engine drove the right-hand rear wheel by chain, and a variable-speed friction drive transmission was used, giving two forwards speeds and reverse. A top speed of 30 mph was claimed. 
A motorcycle using the same engine, also with friction drive, was also offered for £28 10 shillings.

</doc>
<doc id="19342306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342306" title="Manuel Alday Marticorena">
Manuel Alday Marticorena

Manuel Alday Marticorena (5 September 1917), was a Spanish footballer who played for Real Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="19342346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342346" title="Alan Pipes">
Alan Pipes

Alan Pipes (born 19 March 1947 in Bury, Lancashire, England) is a British writer on art, product design and graphic design. He studied physics at the University of Surrey, in Battersea and worked in print publishing, notably as Managing Editor of "Computer-Aided Design" journal (1977–82), published by IPC Science and Technology Press (then Butterworth-Heinemann), and editor of "CadCam International" (1982–85), published by EMAP, before becoming a freelance writer in 1985.
Pipes's college textbooks have become standards in their field, with "Production For Graphic Designers" currently in its 5th printing. Also known as Fred Pipes or Alan (Fred) Pipes (so named after his resemblance to Freddie Garrity singer with the Manchester band Freddie and the Dreamers), he is also a cartoon illustrator, an artist and printmaker, exhibiting regularly in the Brighton, Adur and Worthing Artists Open House festivals since 1996. He has been a committee member of the Brighton Illustrators Group since 1990 and has been webmaster of Channel 4's archaeology television programme "Time Team" since 1998. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Pipes also catalogues short, unusual and misplaced cycle lanes on a website, "Weird Cycle Lanes". According to an article about it in the "Daily Telegraph", 'Some people collect stamps, some people collect beermats, but Alan Pipes collects unusual cycle lanes. He's already acquired a cult following on the South Coast with his web-gallery of improbable, impractical and sometimes impassable bits of municipal road-marking. Now he's expanding his search nationwide to try and find Britain's most ludicrous bus and cycle lanes.'
Published work.
As author:
ISBN 978-0-205-68479-3..
In translation:
As collaborator:
As Editorial Consultant:
Fiction

</doc>
<doc id="19342352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342352" title="Panasonic Lumix DMC-G1">
Panasonic Lumix DMC-G1

The Panasonic Lumix DMC-G1 was the first digital mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera (MILC) adhering to the Micro Four Thirds system system design standard. The G1 camera is similar to the larger Four Thirds system format DSLR cameras, but replaces the complex optical path needed for the optical viewfinder with an electronic viewfinder EVF displaying a live view image directly from the sensor. Eliminating the mirror box and optical viewfinder allows for smaller and lighter camera bodies, while the less complex optical path also allows for smaller, lighter lens designs. 
The DMC-G1 (also known as simply the "G1") was displayed for the first time at "photokina 2008"; it was available for sale in the United States and Europe in November 2008.
Micro Four Thirds system.
The Micro Four Thirds system standard uses the same sized sensor (nominal 4000 pixels by 3000 pixels) as the original Four Thirds system. One advantage of the smaller MFT system sensor (when compared to market leaders Canon and Nikon APS-C and full frame sized) is the ability to engineer smaller and lighter lenses since the smaller sensor allows for a reduced image circle.
Features.
The G1 camera and its lenses are smaller than competing DSLRs. It uses a sophisticated projection system to achieve a clearer, smoother image in its electronic viewfinder than in compact camera EVFs. As it lacks a separate autofocus sensor, the G1 uses contrast-detect autofocus, utilizing the readout from the main sensor. The performance of this AF system is comparable to the phase-detect systems in conventional DSLRs.
The G1 was packaged with a 14–45 mm ƒ/3.5–5.6 kit lens (28–90 mm equivalent) and can use all native Micro Four Thirds System lenses regardless of manufacturer. Four Thirds System lenses can be used with an adapter, although response time, especially focus response, can be slower. Legacy lenses from nearly every major manual focus camera mount, such as Leica M, Leica R, Olympus OM, Nikon F, Canon FD, Minolta SR, M42 Screw Mount, Contax/Yashica Mount and others can also be mounted and used in manual mode. Canon EF mount lenses can be used with an adapter, but native EF lenses are electronically controlled, and will therefore not have aperture control or autofocus. The Micro Four Thirds system specification supports lenses with optical image stabilization.
In many ways, the G1 was considered a landmark camera, kicking off a new market for mirrorless interchangeable lens system cameras. The camera was available in three colors: black (suffix K), red (R) and blue (A). Upon introduction the United States, MSRP for body and kit lens was set at USD 800.00
Successor Models.
The G1's successor model is the Panasonic Lumix DMC-G2 which was announced in March 2010. The third model in the "G" line, the Panasonic Lumix DMC-G3, was announced in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19342367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342367" title="Glagolita Clozianus">
Glagolita Clozianus

The Glagolita Clozianus is a 14-folio Glagolitic Old Church Slavonic canon miscellany, written in the eleventh century.
What remained of an originally very large codex having probably 552 folios (1104 pages) are 14 folios containing 5 homilies. Two of the homilies are complete; one by John Chrysostom and one by Athanasius of Alexandria, and 3 of them are fragments, one by John Chrysostom, one by Epiphanius of Salamis and one that is usually attributed to Methodius. 4 of those homilies are known from other Old Church Slavonic codices, the exception being the one usually attributed to St. Methodius, which is found only in Clo, and sometimes referred to as the "Anonymous Homily".
The codex was named after the Count Paris Cloz who owned it in the first half of the 19th century. Prior to that, up until the end of the 15th century, it was owned by the Croatian nobles Frankopan, who worshipped the codex as a house relic (it was bound with silver and gold), having held St. Jerome as the author. Count Cloz donated the codex to the City Museum in Trent, where the first 12 folios are being kept today. The remaining 2 folios, discovered by Slovene Slavist Franc Miklošič, are kept in the Ferdinandeum museum in Innsbruck.
Linguists somewhat disagree when discussing the source of the text; some, arguing on the similarity of the rounded Glagolitic with Sinaitic codices (Psalterium Sinaiticum, Euchologium Sinaiticum), hold that the manuscript originated in Macedonia, and others that it was written in Croatia, justifying it with the change of "ь" to "ъ" behind palatal "č", "ž", "št" and "žd", a trait commonly found in other Croatian Glagolitic mediæval manuscripts. The reasonable conclusion that follows is that the mansucript was copied on the Croatian territory from the original written in Macedonia.
The text was first published by Jernej B. Kopitar (Vienna 1836, the first 12 folios), together with the Freising Fragments and the manuscript "De conversione Bagaorium et Carantanorum". Franc Miklošič published two folios from Innsbruck in 1860, and both pieces were published together by I. I. Sreznjevski in 1866. Critical edition with Ancient Greek originals was published by Václav Vondrák ("Glagolita Clozùv" 1893) and finally by Antonín Dostál ("Clozianus, staroslověnsky hlaholský sborník tridentský a innsbrucký", Prague 1959). Dostal's edition contains photographs, Cyrillic transcription, Ancient Greek original, translations to Czech and a dictionary.

</doc>
<doc id="19342378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342378" title="Uribarri">
Uribarri

Uribarri is the second district of the city of Bilbao, Basque Country(Spain). It is divided into the neighbourhoods of Castaños, Matico-Ciudad Jardín, Uríbarri proper and Zurbaran-Arabella.
It has an area of 4.19 square kilometers and a population of 39,369 inhabitants.
History.
For many years it was a rural area full of farms, belonging to the former parish of Begoña, as a result many street names in the district are former names of farms, like "Trauko".
This district includes the quarter of La Salve, of historical importance for Bilbao as it was a traditional point for sailors returning to the city.
The area close to the Estuary of Bilbao was urbanized in the late 19th century, when the "Paseo del Campo Volantin" boulevard was created, lined with mansions of Bilbao's 
bourgeoisie. The higher lands away from the estuary were urbanized in the 1960s, with high density buildings for working classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19342418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342418" title="George Schenck">
George Schenck

George Schenck is an American screenwriter. His credits include "Futureworld", the TV-movie "The Phantom of Hollywood" and numerous episodes of "NCIS". Together with Frank Cardea he still writes on "NCIS", and they both became executive producers in season 9 of the series. With the end of season 9, they have written a total of 28 episodes, which is the most of all writers on "NCIS".

</doc>
<doc id="19342419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342419" title="Zinc ammonium chloride">
Zinc ammonium chloride

Zinc ammonium chloride, also known as diammonium tetrachlorozincate(2-) (IUPAC name), is a zinc salt commonly used as a flux in the process of hot-dip galvanizing. The CAS registry number is 14639-97-5. 
Uses.
Steel to be galvanized passes through an acidic cleaning process to remove iron oxide mill scale from the surface. After this process, the surface of the steel is very active and oxide layers begin forming immediately upon exposure to the atmosphere. Zinc ammonium chloride flux in aqueous solution is applied to the steel to reduce any oxides that are formed and/or inhibit them from forming altogether. This allows the molten zinc in the proceeding galvanizing step to maximally adhere to and alloy with the surface of the steel. 
Precautions.
When Zinc ammonium chloride is being stored keep it in cool, tightly packed containers. It is a Class 9 hazardous material (Miscellaneous) according to the U.S. DOT.

</doc>
<doc id="19342422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342422" title="Pedro Ocharte">
Pedro Ocharte

Pedro Ocharte was one of the first printers in the Americas, active from 1563 to 1592.
Originally from Rouen in France, Ocharte came to the City of Mexico in New Spain around 1549. He married Maria de Figueroa, the daughter of printer Juan Pablos, and in 1563 took over the operation of Pablos's press. In 1572, Ocharte was imprisoned by the Inquisition, as one of his prints was considered heretical. Ocharte died around 1592.
Ocharte's son Melchior Ocharte was also a printer.

</doc>
<doc id="19342426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342426" title="School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester">
School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester

The School of Psychological Sciences at the University of Manchester, is one of five schools which make up the Faculty of Medical and Human Sciences. The Victoria University of Manchester (VUM) was the first university in Britain to appoint a full-time Professor of Psychology in 1919. The present School was founded by the bringing together of the Human Communication and Deafness Group (HCD), the Department of Psychology and the Division of Clinical Psychology in 2004 when the University of Manchester was formed by the merger of VUM and UMIST. The school is currently divided into three divisions: Psychology, Clinical Psychology, Audiology & Deafness.
Research.
The school is also organised into five across-division research groups: Audiology & Deafness, Clinical & Health Psychology, Clinical Neuroscience & Language Disorders, Cognition & Cognitive Neuroscience, and Language & Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="19342460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342460" title="Cryo-adsorption">
Cryo-adsorption

Cryo-adsorption is a method used for hydrogen storage where gaseous hydrogen at cryogenic temperatures (150 - 60 K) is physically adsorbed on porous material, mostly activated carbon. The achievable storage density is between liquid hydrogen (LH2) storage systems and compressed hydrogen (CGH2) storage systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19342464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342464" title="Louise Bloom">
Louise Bloom

Louise Anne Bloom (born 7 April 1964) is a Liberal Democrat politician. She was a founder member of the London Assembly, being elected as a list member representing the whole of Greater London. She resigned her seat for family reasons on 18 February 2002 and was replaced by Mike Tuffrey. 
Louise Bloom is currently a member of Eastleigh Borough Council and a cabinet member for that authority. She was first elected to the Council in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19342471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342471" title="Puakenikeni">
Puakenikeni

Puakenikeni is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="19342476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342476" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing was held from 8 September to 14 September at the Olympic Green Tennis Centre. The DecoTurf surface rendered the event a hardcourt competition.
Seeds.
<ol start="1">
<li> (Champion, Gold Medalist) 
<li> " (Final, Silver Medalist)
<li> "(Quarterfinals)
<li> "(Semifinals, Fourth Place)
<ol start="5">
<li> "(Semifinals, Bronze Medalist)
<li> "(Second Round)
<li> "(Second Round)
<li> " (First Round)

</doc>
<doc id="19342478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342478" title="Pemberton v. Tallahassee Memorial Regional Center">
Pemberton v. Tallahassee Memorial Regional Center

Pemberton v. Tallahassee Memorial Regional Center (U.S. District Court, N.D. Florida, Tallahassee Division., October 13, 1999) is a case in the United States regarding reproductive rights. In particular, the case explored the limits of a woman's right to choose her medical treatment in light of fetal rights at the end of pregnancy.
Pemberton had a previous c-section (vertical incision), and with her second child attempted to have a VBAC (vaginal birth after c-section). However, since she could not find any doctor to assist her in this endeavor, she labored at home, with a midwife. 
When a doctor she had approached about a related issue at the Tallahassee Memorial Regional Center found out, he and the hospital sued to force her to get a c-section.
The court held that the rights of the fetus at or near birth outweighed the rights of Pemberton to determine her own medical care. She was physically forced to stop laboring, and taken to the hospital, where a c-section was performed.
Her suit against the hospital was dismissed. The court held that a cesarean section at the end of a full-term pregnancy was here deemed to be medically necessary by doctors to avoid a substantial risk that the fetus would die during delivery due to uterine rupture, a risk of 4-6% according to the hospital's doctors and 2% according to Pemberton's doctors. Furthermore, the court held that a state's interest in preserving the life of an unborn child outweighed the mother's constitutional interest of bodily integrity. The court held that "Roe v. Wade" was not applicable, because bearing an unwanted child is a greater intrusion on the mother’s constitutional interests than undergoing a cesarean section to deliver a child that the mother affirmatively desires to deliver. The court further distinguished "In re A.C." by stating that it left open the possibility that a non-consenting patient's interest would yield to a more compelling countervailing interest in an "extremely rare and truly exceptional case." The court then held this case to be such.
Later case involving Tallahassee.
In March 2009, Samantha Burton through her pro bono attorney, David H. Abrams, filed an appeal of a Leon County Circuit Court order forcing her to remain in Tallahassee Memorial Hospital and to submit to any medical care deemed necessary for the health of her fetus. The ACLU and the ACLU of Florida filed a friend-of-the-court brief against the state of Florida (Burton vs. Florida) opposing the Court's decision to force a pregnant woman to remain hospitalized at Tallahassee Memorial Hospital against her will and prohibiting her from getting a second opinion. State Attorney, Willie Meggs, who appointed counsel for Tallahassee Memorial Hospital as a special prosecutor to represent the State at the trial court level justified the intervention by stating: " "When it involves an unborn child we become the representative of the child when nobody else will represent it." The ACLU brief is at:
http://www.aclu.org/reproductiverights/pregnancy/40568lgl20090731.html

</doc>
<doc id="19342498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342498" title="List of people from Southfields">
List of people from Southfields

Southfields is a suburban district in the London Borough of Wandsworth. The following is a list of those people who were either born or live(d) in Southfields, or had some important contribution to make to the district.

</doc>
<doc id="19342516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342516" title="Radio Mantra">
Radio Mantra

Radio Mantra is owned and operated by Dainik Jagran Group promoting Shri Puran Multimedia Ltd (SPML). Radio Mantra has presence in eight cities across Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab & Jharkhand. It operates on frequency of 91.9 MHz.
Overview.
Radio Mantra is the first FM Channel to be launched in Agra and Gorakhpur.
Below is the list of cities, where Radio Mantra gives its service :
Radio Mantra in Karnal.
Radio Mantra took many initiatives and supported movements like Earth Hour.

</doc>
<doc id="19342523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342523" title="John Scott (died 1616)">
John Scott (died 1616)

Sir John Scott (1570 – 24 September 1616), of Scot's Hall in Kent, was an English soldier, Member of Parliament (MP) and an early investor in the Colony of Virginia. The second son of Sir Thomas Scott, he served as captain of a band of lancers in the English army in the Netherlands, and in 1588 was knighted for his services. In 1597 he commanded a ship in the expedition to the Azores.
In 1601, Scott was implicated in Essex's Rebellion but succeeded in clearing himself, and in the same year was a parliamentary candidate for Kent in 1601. He was unsuccessful on this first attempt, but was elected its MP in the Parliament of 1604 and for Maidstone in the Addled Parliament of 1614. He became a member of the Council for Virginia in 1607, the year when that colony was re-established, subscribing £75, and was a councillor of the Virginia Company of London in 1609. He died in 1616 and was buried at Brabourne in Kent.
Marriages.
Scott married firstly, in 1590, Elizabeth Stafford (c.1546– 6 February 1599), widow of Sir William Drury (30 May 1550– 18 January 1590) of Hawstead, Suffolk, and daughter of Sir William Stafford (d. May 1556) by his wife, Dorothy Stafford (October 1, 1526–September 22, 1604), granddaughter of Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham. By his first marriage, Scott was the stepfather of Sir Robert Drury, friend of the poet, John Donne. Scott married secondly, before 17 September 1599, Katherine Smythe, widow of Sir Rowland Hayward, Lord Mayor of London, and daughter of Thomas Smythe. Scott had no issue by either marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19342542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342542" title="Hoe railway station">
Hoe railway station

Hoe railway station or Gressenhall Halt is a proposed station on the Mid-Norfolk Railway at Hoe, in the county of Norfolk, England. Construction has been considered as part of the scheme to restore the line north of Dereham towards Fakenham, using platform materials recovered from Cambridgeshire. This would be a new-build station, there having never been a platform provided at Hoe previously. 
In 2013 the Chairman of the MNR announced in the magazine 'Blastpipe' that there were now no plans to build a platform at Hoe. The special materials the railway owns to construct a platform may be used to extend other platforms elsewhere on the line or used in the construction of a permanent platform in Wymondham, possibly at Wymondham Abbey railway station to replace the temporary structure or further south closer to Wymondham railway station or used to build a new platform at North Elmham railway station where the current platform is in private ownership.
Although construction has been ruled out in the near future, the option to construction a station at Hoe would still exist following the planned reopening of the line to and station at North Elmham.

</doc>
<doc id="19342549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342549" title="Arthur Besse">
Arthur Besse

Arthur Besse is a pseudonym chosen by a group of French differential geometers, led by Marcel Berger, following the model of Nicolas Bourbaki. A number of monographs have appeared under the name.

</doc>
<doc id="19342552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342552" title="Avner Shaki">
Avner Shaki

Avner-Hai Shaki (, 5 February 1926 - 28 May 2005) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Biography.
Born in Safed during the Mandate era, Shaki studied law, gaining a PhD from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He later worked as a lecturer in universities in Canada and the United States.
On 16 July 1970 he entered the Knesset on the National Religious Party's list as a replacement for the deceased Haim-Moshe Shapira, and in September that year Shaki was appointed Deputy Minister of Education and Culture. He left the cabinet on 17 July 1972, and on 22 May 1973 he left the party to sit as an Independent, remaining an MK until the next elections.
Shaki returned to the NRP and was elected to the Knesset in 1984. Re-elected in 1988, he was appointed Minister without Portfolio responsible for Jerusalem Affairs in December that year. In 1990 he was appointed Minister of Religious Affairs, serving until the Likud-led coalition lost power following the 1992 elections. Shaki was re-elected in 1992 and 1996, but lost his seat in the 1999 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19342558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342558" title="Ormr Steinþórsson">
Ormr Steinþórsson

Ormr Steinþórsson was a skald about whom little is known. Seven fragments of poetry by him are quoted in the "Skáldskaparmál" section of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda. One of those fragments is also quoted in the "Third Grammatical Treatise" by Óláfr Þórðarson while an additional fragment is quoted in Laufás-Edda. Most of the fragments are in the "hálfhnept" meter.
Finnur Jónsson grouped Ormr with Icelandic poets from ca. 900 to ca. 1050 on the basis of the character of his verse. He described Ormr as "apparently a capable poet" and the contents of his verses as "erotic-ironic". More recent scholars have suggested that Ormr was a 12th-century poet and that five or six of his fragments belong together with a fragment of "Snæfríðardrápa" attributed to Haraldr hárfagri in Flateyjarbók. Ormr may have based the poem on a fairy-tale about Haraldr's love for Snæfríðr.

</doc>
<doc id="19342584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342584" title="Bunga">
Bunga

Bunga may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19342586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342586" title="Kemeri 1937 chess tournament">
Kemeri 1937 chess tournament

Kemeri 1937 was a chess tournament held in the resort town Ķemeri, Latvia, at the Gulf of Riga from 16 June to 8 July 1937. There were three co-winners: Samuel Reshevsky, Salo Flohr and Vladimir Petrov. Petrovs was one of the world's leading chess players in the late 1930s (e.g., the 8th Chess Olympiad at Buenos Aires 1939), but due to the political tragedies that befell the Baltic states in World War II, he became a victim of the Soviet oppression and perished in Kotlas (Russia) gulag in 1943.
The final standings and crosstable:

</doc>
<doc id="19342601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342601" title="Phofsit Daibuun">
Phofsit Daibuun

Phofsit Daibuun (PSDB) is an orthography in the Latin alphabet for Taiwanese Hokkien based on Modern Literal Taiwanese. It is able to use the ASCII character set to indicate the proper variation of pitch without any subsidiary scripts or diacritic symbols.

</doc>
<doc id="19342610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342610" title="Alexander Faludy">
Alexander Faludy

Alexander Faludy (born 1983), an English student, is a former child prodigy who in 1998 became the youngest undergraduate at the University of Cambridge since 1773.
Life.
The son of two teachers from Portsmouth, in 1995 Faludy gained a scholarship to Milton Abbey School, a boarding school in Dorset where one third of the children are dyslexic, after being bullied at his county school in Portsmouth.
In 1996, with his mother, he published "A Little Edge of Darkness", telling how at the age of nine he was the youngest person ever to pass the English Literature GCSE and at the age of eleven the youngest to pass an A-level, despite suffering from severe dyslexia.
In August 1998, Faludy's parents lost a battle in the High Court of Justice which sought to force Portsmouth City Council to assess their son for special educational needs. However, the council announced it would help him financially through its Student Awards system, with money for books and specialist equipment and with a disability student award grant to pay for a personal helper. The case was said to be "based on a deep misunderstanding of which grants disabled students can access".
In October 1998, when he joined Peterhouse at the age of 15 years and 7 months, Faludy became the youngest undergraduate at the University of Cambridge since the arrival there of William Pitt the Younger in 1773. He was reported to have all the books he needed read for him on audiotape and to dictate his essays. When admitted to Cambridge, he could write only two illegible words a minute and also suffered from developmental coordination disorder.
In 1999, "TES" reported that Faludy "can barely write his name or peel a banana but can expound at length on the rationalist argument for God". In 2000, while studying art history and theology at Peterhouse, Faludy received a prize of £100 as best arts journalist in the Cambridge Student Journalism Awards.
Faludy was ordained to the Diaconate in Newcastle Cathedral on 29 June 2008, to serve as assistant Curate of St Paul's Church, Cullercoats. In 2011 he became assistant curate in the Willington Team. He is now(2014) Priest in Charge of St. John the Evangelist, Wallsend.

</doc>
