<doc id="19155066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155066" title="List of one-time The Simpsons characters">
List of one-time The Simpsons characters

The following is a list of one-time characters from the American animated television comedy series "The Simpsons".
Some of the characters have returned to the show, sometimes in brief speaking appearances, or just 'in the crowd' scenes. Other characters originally intended to be one-time characters have ended up becoming regular cast members, such as Cletus Spuckler, Luigi Risotto, Disco Stu, Groundskeeper Willie, Crazy Cat Lady, Cookie Kwan and Lindsey Naegle.
For purposes of this list, "one-time" means they were "central" to an episode one time. Some of the characters listed here have appeared in later episodes, but only briefly. The characters are sorted by episode.

</doc>
<doc id="19155069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155069" title="Veruthe Oru Bharya">
Veruthe Oru Bharya

Veruthe Oru Bharya (English: A Wife for Nothing) is a 2008 Malayalam film written by K. Gireesh Kumar and directed by Akku Akbar. The film stars Jayaram, Gopika and Niveda Thomas in the lead roles.
The film was an "unexpected success" in the box office and gave a fillip to the careers of both director Akku Akbar and veteran actor Jayaram.
Nivedita Thomas received Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artist (Female, 2008) for her performance in the film.
"Bharya Athra Pora" (2013), written by K. Gireesh Kumar and directed by Akku Akbar, is not a sequel to the film. 
Plot.
Sugunan (Jayaram) is a stereotypical Malayali husband who habitually underestimates his wife Bindu (Gopika) in managing a family. Sugunan wants his wife only to keep house - cook food for him, iron his clothes and clean the house. Bindu does all these and more, but there's never a word of appreciation or a compliment from her husband. He doesn't even acknowledge the work that she is doing without any rest in her life. This often results in quarrels between them, but like any docile Indian wife, Bindu tolerates it for some time.
Sugunan is also indifferent (and possibly hostile) to Bindu's family - even though her father makes many attempts to get close to him. Bindu is upset at his behaviour. When he has the electricity supply to her father's house shut down since they were drawing power from the electrical grid, during her brothers wedding, Bindu finally sees him for the tyrannical man he is.
Later, during a trip to Kodaikanal, Sugunan doesn't "allow" Bindu to indulge in normal tourist activities like train rides etc. Sugunan's indifference when Bindu's mother dies drives home the point that she is just a non entity in her husband's life. Once Sugunan slaps her in a fit of rage and she decides enough is enough and goes back to her house. 
A boy persuades Sugunan's teenage daughter Anjana (Niveda Thomas) to go for a drive with him, and the jeep breaks down. Some thugs chance upon the hapless girl and try to molest her. The police arrive and rescue the two youngsters. Alarmed by the situation, Sugunan and Bindu are reunited and live happily ever after.
Production.
The film was mainly shot at various locations in Thodupuzha.
Reception.
The film was a major box-office success.

</doc>
<doc id="19155093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155093" title="Roberta (album)">
Roberta (album)

Roberta is Roberta Flack's fourteenth album, released in 1994. It consists of cover versions of jazz and soul standards. It was also her final album for Atlantic Records after twenty five years with the label since her debut.

</doc>
<doc id="19155120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155120" title="Save Yourself (McAuley Schenker Group album)">
Save Yourself (McAuley Schenker Group album)

Save Yourself is the sixth full-length studio album recorded by the various M.S.G. lineups, and the second album credited specifically to McAuley Schenker Group. It was released in 1989 on Capitol Records. "Save Yourself", "Anytime" and "This Is My Heart" were all singles released from the record. The album entered the Billboard chart at No. 92.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19155147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155147" title="Ken Wood (coach)">
Ken Wood (coach)

Ken Wood is a three-time Olympic Australian swimming coach, who has coached many Olympic and World Championship medal-winning swimmers over his 40-plus year career. He is the head coach at the Redcliffe Leagues Swimming Club at Redcliffe, Queensland, on the northern edge of Brisbane.
Biography.
After the 2008 Summer Olympics, one of his students, Jessicah Schipper, left him after he sold her training program and methodology to Chinese swimmer Liu Zige, who defeated Schipper in the 200m Butterfly and broke Schipper's world record at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
In recent years, Wood has trained Chinese swimming champions Liu Zige, Ye Shiwen and other Chinese National Team and Provincial team swimmers at his high performance centre. After Australia failed to win any individual gold medals in swimming at the 2012 London Olympics, Wood criticised the current swimmers, saying that they were "fat" compared to the Chinese swimmers, and criticised their "embarrassing" fixation on social media and treating the games like a "social gathering".

</doc>
<doc id="19155149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155149" title="Suiattle River">
Suiattle River

The Suiattle River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington.
Course.
The Suiattle River originates from the Suiattle Glacier on the slopes of Glacier Peak in the Cascade Range. It flows generally northwest to join the Sauk River north of Darrington. The Sauk River in turn joins the Skagit River, which empties into Skagit Bay, part of Puget Sound. It is a National Wild and Scenic River.
Tributaries.
The Suiattle's largest tributaries include Chocolate Creek, entering the river's upper reaches, Dusty Creek, Sulpher Creek and Downey Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19155162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155162" title="Sarah Dreher">
Sarah Dreher

Sarah Dreher (born March 26, 1937, Hanover, Pennsylvania — died April 2, 2012, Amherst, Massachusetts) was an American lesbian novelist and playwright, and best known for her award-winning lesbian mystery series featuring amateur sleuth Stoner McTavish.
Her themes include "the anguish of lesbian relationships beginning, ending or mending. Dreher's lesbian protagonists are modern heroes searching for integrity and identity..." In the resolution of her mysteries, solutions other than resorting to traditional justice system intervention are part of the exploration of society outside the existing social paradigm.
Dreher has contributed essays and writings to a number of projects, including "Off the Rag: Lesbians Writing about Menopause" by Lee Lynch and Akia Woods, "Waiting for Stonewall" in "Sexual Practice/Textual Theory: Lesbian Cultural Criticism", and a contributed chapter to "They Wrote the Book: Thirteen Women Mystery Writers Tell All".
In addition to writing, Dreher was a clinical psychologist in private practice, graduating first from Wellesley College, then gaining a Ph.D. in psychology from Purdue University.
Work.
Books:
In mid-1984, Sarah responded to the national announcement inviting submissions for the first anthology of lesbian plays. Sarah initially submitted "Ruby Christmas" and immediately was invited to submit all of her completed plays. She sent "Base Camp", "Backward Turn Backward", and "Hollandia '45"; mentioning that "8 X 10 Glossy" was still being written. Sarah submitted "8 X 10" when it was complete.
"Alumnae News: The Doris Day Years" was incubating in her mind.
After reading "8 X 10 Glossy", I immediately phoned Sarah about the 1st Lesbian Playwrighting contest at SF's Theatre Rhinoceros and advised Sarah to submit the script. Sarah asked "Why?". I responded "Because it will win!" Though Sarah thought winning was an outrageous assumption, "8 X 10 Glossy" did win the contest and was premiered at Theatre Rhinoceros soon after. It received excellent reviews in SF media.
"This Brooding Sky", an hilarious short 2-act parody of "classic gothic" novels was not submitted for the 1st Anthology because Sarah mistakenly considered it "silly, unworthy of production". When I finally got to read it in late 1986, I scolded Sarah for holding it back vav PLACES PLEASE! and I soon after directed/produced it to sold out houses and rave reviews in Santa Cruz, CA. Despite being an elegant spirit in a grounded body, Sarah never was the best evaluator of her writing.
In 1985 "'PLACES, PLEASE!' The First Anthology of Lesbian Plays" was published by Aunt Lute publishing house in San Francisco, and distributed in USA and internationally. To our astonishment, soon it was proved to be the 1st Lesbian anthology on the planet. It was the top selling play anthology in 1985-86 in USA per bookstore national statistics; and it sold very well overseas esp in Scandinavia, Germany and the Netherlands. Both "Ruby Christmas" and "8 X 10 Glossy" were in the anthology, along with 4 other plays by other playwrights, and according to feedback Sarahs's plays were favorites of many readers and directors.
Though Sarah and I only met twice face to face, in SF for premiere of "8 X 10 Glossy" in 1985, and for LA premiere of "Alumnae News: The Doris Day Years" in 1987, I considered her my friend through the years and kept in touch sporadically. I valued her, her talents and her subtle humor. I learned belatedly of her death today (August 27, 2013) and so I am sad as I write these memories. I am a bit lonelier without her, especially without her humor, in this world. Forgive any "tootin' of my own horn", I wanted to detail my dealings with Sarah. My words here are factual though subjective. ---Kate McDermott, editor, PLACES PLEASE!

</doc>
<doc id="19155166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155166" title="Louis-Joseph Pigeon">
Louis-Joseph Pigeon

Louis-Joseph Pigeon (7 July 1922 – 2 March 1993) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an agrologist by career, and worked for the Liberal minister of labour during the St Laurent government.
He was first elected at the Joliette—L'Assomption—Montcalm riding in the 1958 general election and re-elected there for successive terms in 
1962 and 1963. After completing his third and final term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, Pigeon left the House of Commons and did not seek further re-election.
In August 1962, he became Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture, a post he held until February 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19155174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155174" title="The Christmas Album (Roberta Flack album)">
The Christmas Album (Roberta Flack album)

The Christmas Album is Roberta Flack's first holiday album and was released in 1997. The songs, "There's Still My Joy" and "25th of Last December", are original compositions to this album, while the track "As Long as There's Christmas" (a duet with Peabo Bryson) was from the direct-to-video Disney film, "".

</doc>
<doc id="19155195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155195" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Shooting at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of twelve events spread over two main classes:

</doc>
<doc id="19155203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155203" title="Stephan Widmar">
Stephan Widmar

Stephan Widmer is a swimming coach for the Chandler Swimming Club and the Australian swimming team.
Of German-Swiss origin, Widmer moved to Australia and succeeded Scott Volkers as the head coach at CSC, which had produced a long line of Australian representatives, including the likes World Champions Susie O'Neill and Samantha Riley.

</doc>
<doc id="19155219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155219" title="David Lega">
David Lega

Michael David Alexander Lega (born 12 October 1973) is Swedish politician and a former Paralympic Swimmer who beat 14 world records during his career. In 2011 he changed career and become Deputy Mayor of Gothenburg and second vice chairman of the Christian Democrats.
Lega retired after the Sydney 2000 Paralympic Games and started a successful career as a public speaker and entrepreneur. In 2005, Lega was named an Outstanding Young Person of the World by the JCI. Previous honorees include John F Kennedy, Orson Welles and Elvis Presley. 
David Lega owns companies within Personal Development, Computer Technology and has his own clothes brand called Lega Wear. He released the book "HANDS FREE - David Lega's Inspiring Journey" in 2008. 
In January 2011, David Lega started his new career as Deputy Mayor of Gothenburg, Sweden's second largest city. In January 2012 David Lega was elected second vice chairman of the Christian Democratic Party in Sweden.
Other merits include board member of the Swedish Sports Confederation and UNICEF Sweden. Lega won the Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19155235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155235" title="MedCath Corp.">
MedCath Corp.

MedCath Corporation is an American public company which provides cardiac health care. The company was founded in 1988 as MedCath Partners, a for-profit corporation which offered cath lab, nuclear cardiology, and sleep medicine services. In 1999, the company began opening and operating acute care cardiac hospitals.
In the early months of 2005, MedCath significantly shifted its corporate strategy. Instead of building cardiac hospitals and seeking physicians to invest in them, MedCath began partnering with existing hospitals or health care systems to expand existing cardiac care units or build new cardiac care units in existing hospitals. The strategy proved highly popular with stockholders, and the company stock price rose to $31.80 in September 2006 from a low of $14 a share in May 2006. Industry observers credited the shift in strategy to the company's chief executive officer, O. Edwin French, who took over leadership of MedCath in February 2006 (he'd previously been president of the acute care hospital division of Universal Health Services). French hired Phil Mazzuca (formerly with Iasis Healthcare) as chief operating officer.
On May 5, 2011, in a deal worth $25 million, MedCath sold most of its assets to a joint venture of LifePoint Hospitals and Duke University Health System.

</doc>
<doc id="19155243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155243" title="Commercial Swimming Club">
Commercial Swimming Club

Commercial Swimming Club is a swimming club that is based at the Fortitude Valley Pool in centre of Brisbane, Queensland. It is one of the most successful clubs in Australia and has produced many Olympic swimmers and medalists.
Notable athletes.
The Commercial Swimming Club is over 110 years old, commencing as a ladies' club, "The Ladies Commercial Amateur Swimming Club" about November, 1903. A men's club, "The Commercial Amateur Swimming Club" commenced in 1913 and the two clubs amalgamated in 1974.
A history of the club, "A Century of the Natatorial Art, the Commercial Swimming Club 1903 - 2003" was written by Barry T Short, being published in Brisbane in 2004 by Media IQ Pty Limited of Southport, funded by the club, Media IQ and the Brisbane City Council, and is available from the club.
All of the original records and other photographs and documentation relating to the club's first 104 years in the possession of the Club, were handed to the John Oxley Library, part of the Queensland State Library, in Brisbane by Barry Short, in 2007, to prevent the loss of any of these records as did happen to much of the early records. Additional records relating to each season of the club are being forwarded to the John Oxley Library to continue the recording of the club's history, for the benefit of those writing a history of the club's second 100 years.
The beginning of the club in 1903 and after, shows a very different story to the modern swimming scene. The ladies club conducted a 3 mile race in the Bremer River, on the 22 March 1913, won by Miss Minnie King. Apparently, in this time period, the QASA regularly conducted 3 mile races in the river for men. Jim Dunning, the men's club's original Secretary tells us that "On the Saturday before the three mile swim, the Queensland Ladies Amateur Swimming Association allowed men to be spectators at a ladies carnival for the first time in many years. It was the occasion of the interstate ladies Championship." Another ladies 3 mile race was conducted by Commercial ladies in the following season in 1913. The mens club's first world record holder, James William Thompson, attained it swimming one mile backstroke. He is recorded of being a world record holder early in the mens club's life (from 1913,) and a copy of a Certificate shows he swam a further mile world record on the 18th January, 1918, swimming the distance in backstroke in 29 minutes, 4 1/5 seconds, at the City Baths, Wickham St., Valley, Brisbane. At that time the baths were covered and were 100 feet long, and were also called the Booroodabin Baths.

</doc>
<doc id="19155258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155258" title="Hrach Gregorian">
Hrach Gregorian

Hrach Gregorian, PhD. (Born in Tehran, Iran in 1949) is an American political consultant, educator, and writer. His work in both the private and public sectors has been mainly focused in the field of international conflict management and post-conflict peacebuilding. Gregorian holds academic appointments in universities in the United States and Canada, and writes extensively on such subjects as terrorism, conflict management, peacebuilding, national security, and conflict hot spots throughout the world. His work as a consultant, conflict management specialist, and trainer has taken him to Angola, Argentina, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Cambodia, Croatia, Cyprus, Estonia, Ethiopia, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Lebanon, Nigeria, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand, and Ukraine. Gregorian regularly provides professional skills training, seminars, and workshops for United Nations agency and mission staff, United States and Latin American military personnel, senior civilian officials, and academic and corporate leaders in the U.S. and throughout the world.
Early life and education.
Gregorian was born to Armenian parents in Tehran, Iran in 1949 and immigrated to the United States in 1958. He spent his formative years in Watertown, Massachusetts, graduating from high school in 1968. He received his BA in Political Science from Boston University in 1972 where he studied under Howard Zinn. Although primarily focused on academics, he was an outdoor enthusiast and co-founded the Snake Hill Mountain Club with Ken Ryan in 1971. Gregorian received his MA (1974) and PhD (1980) degrees from Brandeis University in International Relations. He held academic posts at Kenyon College and Simmons College before beginning a career in government service.
Government Service.
In 1985, Gregorian was asked to join the National Endowment for the Humanities where he served as Humanist Administrator and Coordinator for the Foundations of American Society Initiative until 1988. He then moved to the United States Institute of Peace (USIP), where he served as the director of various grant, training, and education programs until 1994. It was at the USIP that Gregorian established his career focus on conflict resolution and post-conflict peace building: He designed and directed conflict resolution skills training programs for foreign affairs professionals; provided training for government and party officials in Cambodia, Foreign Service officers at the Thai Foreign Ministry, and military officers from Latin America at the Inter-American Defense College; and designed and managed an environmental conflict resolution training seminar in Budapest, Hungary for senior officials from nine states of the Danube River basin.
Peace work.
Gregorian has undertaken numerous projects across the globe to promote peace and reconciliation. He collaborated with Dr. Yiannis Laouris in Cyprus to found the Technology for peace foundation which in the late 90s supported peace builders communicate across the Green Line. The project was partly funded by USAID and USIP. A virtual negotiation element was supported by the University of Maryland. He also supported as an advisor an EC large-scale peace and reconciliation project in the Middle East known as Act Beyond Borders.
Private Sector.
Gregorian is a founder and principle of a number of private institutes focused on teaching conflict resolution and training professionals in peace building. He is a board member of multiple international institutes that focus on conflict resolution, and has consulted over the world on issues of peace building.
Private Institutions
1. Institute of World Affairs, Washington, D.C. - President
2. de novo group, Washington, D.C. - President and CEO
3. Gettysburg Integrated Solutions, Gettysburg, PA - Founding Partner
4. Peacebuilding, Development and Security Program (PDSP), Centre for Military and Strategic Studies, University of Calgary, Alberta, Canada - Co-director
5. IAQ Inc., Oakton, VA (2003 – 06) - Vice President, Consulting Services
6. Hammer-Gregorian, LLC, Washington, DC (2000 – 03) - Founder and Co-director
7. IDR Associates, Washington, D.C.(1994 – 96) - Founding Director
Board Member
1. Institute of World Affairs (ex officio)
2. Alliance for Peacebuilding (cofounder and board member)
3. National Peace Foundation; Strategic Trade Advisory Group, Ltd. (advisor)
4. The Cypress Fund (advisory board)
5. Psychology Without Borders (International Advisory Board)
Consultancies
1. Center for Civic Education
2. Iowa Peace Institute
3. Mc Knight Foundation
4. National Peace Institute Foundation
5. United States Department of Justice
6. Voice of America
7. The Strategic Trade Advisory Group, Ltd.
8. Arcadia Group Worldwide, Inc.
9. The Inter-American Defense College
10. JPS Solutions; Anchor Consulting
11. United States Army Foreign Military Studies Office
12. United States Department of Homeland Security
13. United States Army Training and Doctrine Command
14. United States Army Intelligence and Security Command
15. Naval Postgraduate School
16. United States Joint Forces Command
17. Canadian Defence and Foreign Affairs Institute
Academia.
Gregorian is keenly interested in public service and training others to work in conflict resolution and peacebuilding. He firmly believes that, in local, national, and international spheres, capable trained professionals make a profound difference in resolving conflict, building peace, and dealing with post conflict situations. In furtherance of these goals, he holds academic positions at the following universities:
1. The American University, Washington, DC - Adjunct Professor, School of International Service
2. Royal Roads University, Victoria, BC, Canada - Associate Faculty Member, Conflict Management Programs
3. University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada - Adjunct Professor, Faculty of Social Sciences, Centre for Military and Strategic Studies
Family.
Gregorian and his younger sister Victoria (Vicky) immigrated from Tehran, Iran in 1956 with his parents Asik and Juliet, both formerly of the Soviet Republic of Armenia. His sister Janet was born after their arrival to the United States. Both of his parents have since died. His sister Vicky Gregorian, mother of 2, is an executive in the television industry, and his sister Janet Gregorian-Michaelson, married with 5 children, is a social worker, and advocate in the field of autism in Connecticut. In 1974 Gregorian married Judith Kramer of Bethpage, Long Island, New York. She is a program specialist with the United States Department of Education. They remain happily married and have three children: Jamie, a lawyer and lobbyist in Washington, DC; Nicolas, a sports marketer in Boston; and Alexis, an attorney in New York City.
Articles available on the internet.
Jihadi Threats in the Sahara and Sahel
The Empty Core in Al Qaeda’s Vision for Iraq
Political Islam in West Africa and the Sahel
Oil: the West’s soft underbelly
Rewriting Canada’s security laws

</doc>
<doc id="19155267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155267" title="44th Primetime Emmy Awards">
44th Primetime Emmy Awards

The 44th Primetime Emmy Awards were held on August 30, 1992. The ceremony was broadcast on Fox, from the Pasadena Civic Auditorium, Pasadena, California. It was hosted by Tim Allen, Kirstie Alley, and Dennis Miller, and directed by Walter C. Miller. Presenters included Roseanne Barr, Tom Arnold, Scott Bakula, Candice Bergen, Corbin Bernsen, Beau Bridges, Lloyd Bridges, and Cindy Crawford. The program was written by Buddy Sheffield and Bruce Vilanch. Over 300 million people watched the ceremony in 30 countries. A rule change, instituted for this year only, stated that regular and guest performers would compete in the same category. There could be lead guest or supporting guest. 
"Murphy Brown" was awarded the prize for Outstanding Comedy Series for the second time, it won three major awards on the night, the most for a comedy series. On the drama side "L.A. Law's" strangle hold on Outstanding Drama Series came to an end, as "Northern Exposure" took home the prize. "Northern Exposure" also won three major awards and received nine major nominations, which tied for the most in each category.
After being on the air for 30 years "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" finally heard its name called, when its final season won for Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Program. The show was first nominated in the category in 1964, and was 0-13 before this ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19155284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155284" title="Holiday (Roberta Flack album)">
Holiday (Roberta Flack album)

Holiday is Roberta Flack's second holiday album, although it is just a re-release of her previous Christmas album from 1997, minus the song, "As Long as There's Christmas".

</doc>
<doc id="19155316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155316" title="The Very Best of Roberta Flack">
The Very Best of Roberta Flack

The Very Best of Roberta Flack is a greatest hits album from Roberta Flack, spanning songs from her entire career, and released on Rhino Records in 2006. In his review of the album, Rob Theakston of allmusic says it "is easily the best retrospective of her work available to date."

</doc>
<doc id="19155318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155318" title="Bob Worthington">
Bob Worthington

Robert Eugene Worthington (1936 – August 14, 2008) was the US former honorary consul of the Cook Islands to the United States. Worthington also served as the director of financial and scholarship services at his alma mater, the Kamehameha Schools, from 1974 until 2003.
Additionally, Worthington served on the executive board of the Polynesian Voyaging Society and helped to organize the historic Hokule'a voyage from Hawaii to Tahiti in 1975. He also worked behind the scenes at a large number of other important Hawaiian and Polynesian cultural, educational, athletic and political institutions including the Festival of Pacific Arts, the East-West Center, Prince Kuhio Hawaiian Civic Club and Gates Millennium Scholars Program.
Biography.
Early life.
Bob Worthington was born in Laie on the island of Oahu on January 31, 1936. He attended the Kamehameha School for Boys boarding school, from which he graduated from in 1955. Worthington served as President of the student body during his senior year at Kamehameha.
He earned a scholarship to Occidental College in California where he received his bachelor's degree in political science.
Worthington moved to the Cook Islands, where he married his Cook Islander wife, Jean Rereao Karika Worthington. He and his family returned to Hawaii in 1974.
Career.
Worthington was considered to be an advocate of closer cultural ties between Hawaii and other Polynesian island nations, especially the Cook Islands, French Polynesia and New Zealand. He also advocated for a renewed interest in Polynesian and Hawaiian culture, even before the beginning of the Hawaiian Renaissance during the 1970s.
Worthington became the director of financial services at the Kamehameha Schools in 1973. He remained in that position until his retirement in 2003. Under Worthington's guidance, the Kamehameha Schools established foreign exchange programs with Polynesian communities in the Cook Islands, New Zealand, American Samoa and French Polynesia. For example, he established links between the Kamehameha Schools and a Māori school in New Zealand. During Worthington's thirty year tenure as financial director, the Kamehameha Schools grew to administer over 15,500 scholastic awards totalling more than $25.4 million.
Worthington placed significant importance on the establishment of cultural, political, artistic and economic ties between Hawaii and other parts of the Pacific, particularly Polynesia. During the 1980s, Hawaiians artists were not invited to take part in the Festival of Pacific Arts because Hawaii was considered to be too closely associated only with the United States. Worthington worked behind the scenes to promote the inclusion of Hawaiians in the Festival of Pacific Arts and today Hawaii is a full participant in the event, which takes place every four years.
Honorary Consul of the Cook Islands.
Worthington was appointed the honorary consul of the Cook Islands to the United States in 1985. His position, which was based in Hawaii, was formally recognized by the United States Department of State on March 19, 1985. Worthington, in his capacity as honorary consul, helped to promote tourism in the Cook Islands, expand ties with the United States including Hawaii, secure and negotiate landing rights in Rarotonga, and expand the Cook Islander papaya industry. He served as honorary consul for more than twenty years.
In early 2008, the Foreign Minister of Cook Islands Wilkie Rasmussen announced the closure of the Cook Islands consulate office in Hawaii, which was held by Worthington, due to rising costs and expenses.
Death.
Bob Worthington died in Honolulu, Hawaii, on August 14, 2008, at the age of 72. He was survived by his wife, Jean Rereao Karika Worthington; his five children - Teanaroa Paka Nakahili Worthington, Manavaroa Kamaki Worthington, Tapaarii Karika Ki'ilehua Worthington, Tevairangi Marae-Hino Pa'ahana Worthington Lopez and Moana Jean Karika Rule; and five grandchildren.
Worthington's funeral and memorial service was held at the Princess Bernice Pauahi Bishop Memorial Chapel on the at the Kamehameha Schools in Kapalama, Hawaii. Guests, which included former Cook Islands Prime Minister Geoffrey Henry, came from as far away as New Zealand, Australia, Tahiti and the rest of United States. Worthington's ashes were sprinkled from the Hokule'a into the Pacific Ocean off Waikiki.
A separate "spiritual ceremony" was held in honor of Worthington at the Taputapuatea marae on the island of Raiatea in French Polynesia. Worthington had been best known in French Polynesia for his part in the organization of the first Hawaii to Tahiti voyage of the Hokule'a Polynesian sailing canoe voyage in 1975 through the Polynesian Voyaging Society. Another memorial service was held for local Cook Islanders in Sinai Hall in the Cook Islands.
The former Prime Minister of the Cook Islands Geoffrey Henry, who attended Worthington's memorial service in Hawaii, spoke of his contributions to the Cook Islands, "Bob was always there, incessantly helpful, with iconic efficiency, grace and enthusiasm. He helped secure the support of the governor of Hawaii, allowing us to establish our first office in the United States."
Current Cook Islands Prime Minister Jim Marurai also issued a statement in reaction to Worthington's death saying, "’Bob worked tirelessly for the Cook Islands, ensuring that we took full advantage of the close ties with Hawaii, especially in trade (maile leis), scholarships (University of Hawaii, East-West Center), training and various conferences and workshops."

</doc>
<doc id="19155325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155325" title="Whitewater Lake (Wisconsin)">
Whitewater Lake (Wisconsin)

Whitewater Lake is located in Walworth County, Wisconsin, United States in the Kettle Moraine State Forest.
Whitewater Lake is associated through a flow with Rice Lake. Fish found in the lake include northern pike, largemouth bass, walleye, and blue gill. In the winter the lake is strewn with ice shanties when fisherman compete in the Lions Annual February "Fish-A-Ree".
Because of its location near Kettle Moraine State Forest and Natureland County Park, the area is known for biking (on-road and off-road), golf, hiking, camping, hang gliding, cross-country skiing, water skiing, swimming, fishing, and boating.
Native Americans once referred to Whitewater as "Minneiska", now the name of the local Minneiska Ski Team. 
Heart Prairie Lutheran Church and Cemetery, a 150-year-old pioneer Norwegian church, sits on the shores of the lake. The church, which is on the National Register of Historic Places, is still in its original state and continues to hold summer services by oil lamp.

</doc>
<doc id="19155329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155329" title="Sembawang Secondary School">
Sembawang Secondary School

Sembawang Secondary School is located in Sembawang, Singapore. The school was established in 1999 and was temporarily housed at Woodlands Ring Secondary School for nine months before moving to its current location at 30 Sembawang Crescent.
History.
Before 1999, to meet the needs of an expanding housing estate of Sembawang, it was necessary to build a new school. The result was Sembawang Secondary School, built on 3.04 hectares of land at the bend of Sembawang Crescent in the midst of new HDB flats and amenities.
The school went through its first nine months without the benefits of full secondary school facilities. Housed temporarily at Woodlands Ring Secondary School while the construction of the new premises was underway, the pioneering secondary batch was eight Secondary 1 classes and seventeen teachers led by the school's first principal, Mrs Tang-Chan Yueh Tarn.
In January 2000, the school played host to Canberra Secondary School for six months before the latter moved on to their new premises at 51, Sembawang Drive.
In 2008 the school celebrated its tenth anniversary. The guest of honour Dr Lim Wee Kiak unveiled a sculpture which was erected at the entrance to the foyer.
In December 2010, the second Principal Mrs Elsie Rajaratnam was posted to Kuo Chuan Presbyterian school while the third principal, Mrs/Mdm Tan Lay Hong took over her position. In addition, a second Vice-Principal has been added to the school's staff who is Mrs Lim-Neo Lay Pin.
Achievements.
Awards.
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
Co-curricular activities awards.
2005
2006
2007
President's Awards for Teachers.
Three of Sembawang Secondary School teachers were conferred the President’s Awards for Teachers. The award recognises their passion and perseverance in teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="19155332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155332" title="Matthew Csák">
Matthew Csák

Matthew Csák or Máté Csák may refer to any of the following members of the "genus" of Csák:

</doc>
<doc id="19155347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155347" title="Ghost towns of the Goldfields of Western Australia">
Ghost towns of the Goldfields of Western Australia

Ghost towns of the Goldfields of Western Australia
Some of the towns listed here were developed and died within a short space of time in the late nineteenth century, while some have been revived with the fate of the nickel and gold mining operations in the region.
A number of the towns names are also names of Goldfields and Goldfield Districts in the Mineral fields of Western Australia.
Considerable information about the locations has been compiled for the "Golden Quest Discovery Trail" 

</doc>
<doc id="19155354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155354" title="At Her Best – Live">
At Her Best – Live

At Her Best – Live is a live album by Roberta Flack, released on April 14, 2008. It contains recordings of performances from 1975 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19155360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155360" title="Billy Pilgrim">
Billy Pilgrim

Billy Pilgrim is a fictional character and protagonist of Kurt Vonnegut's 1969 novel "Slaughterhouse-Five", who has appeared in adaptations of the novel for film and the stage. Billy Pilgrim was based on Vonnegut's comrade-in-arms Edward R. Crone, Jr.
Biographical summary.
Prior story.
Billy Pilgrim was born in Ilium, New York on the Fourth of July of 1922. After Billy graduated from high school, he enrolled in the Ilium School of Optometry. He is tall at 6 feet 3 inches, but weak and skinny at around 140 pounds. He is also friendly and kind toward others, even when others are rude or accusatory towards him. Billy also tries to pass on wise advice or information that he has learned from the Tralfamadorians.
Plot summary from "Slaughterhouse Five".
In 1943, 21-year-old Billy Pilgrim was drafted into the Army. He served as a chaplain's assistant in Virginia, and was serving on the front-lines in Germany by 1944. At the Battle of the Bulge, Billy is taken prisoner along with a fellow soldier Roland Weary. At this moment, Billy becomes "unstuck in time", and he re-experiences moments from various points in his life, albeit without any control over which moments. Billy and the other prisoners are transported to Luxembourg, where Roland Weary dies of gangrene. Roland's insane friend Paul Lazzaro promises to find and kill Billy Pilgrim some years after the war. By 1945, the prisoners are transported to Dresden to perform "contract labor". Their living area is an abandoned slaughterhouse called "Schlachthof Fünf" (Slaughterhouse Five). Allied forces bomb the city, and Billy takes refuge in a meat locker. This allows him to survive until the end of the war in May 1945. He is transported from Germany to the United States, receiving an honorable discharge from service in July 1945.
A few months after the war ends, Billy is institutionalized with post-traumatic stress disorder and put into psychiatric care to recover. A man named Eliot Rosewater introduces Billy to the novels of an obscure science fiction author named Kilgore Trout. Once Billy is released, he marries Valencia Merble. Valencia's father owns the Ilium School of Optometry, which Billy later attends. In 1947, Billy and Valencia's first child Robert is born, and two years later they have a daughter named Barbara. On Barbara's wedding night, Billy is captured by an alien space ship and taken to a planet billions of miles away from Earth called Tralfamadore. On Tralfamadore, Billy meets a porn star, also abducted, named Montana Wildhack, who disappeared and is believed to have drowned herself in the Pacific Ocean. She and Billy fall in love and have a child together. Billy is sent back to Earth to relive past or future moments of his life.
In 1968, Billy and a copilot are the only survivors of a plane crash. Valencia dies of carbon monoxide while driving to the hospital where Billy is being treated. Billy returns to his home in Ilium, and tells his daughter Barbara about the Tralfamadorians, but she believes him to be crazy. By 1976, Billy is 53 years old. He gives a speech to a convention in Chicago, Illinois, about his alien abduction. Billy also tells the crowd that Paul Lazzaro, a man he knew during the war, is going to murder him. The crowd begins to protest and does not want the killing to take place. Billy then says, "If you protest, if you think that death is a terrible thing, then you have not understood a word I've said." Billy Pilgrim is later assassinated by Lazzaro or someone hired by Lazzaro.
Film, TV or theatrical portraits.
In the 1972 film adaption, Billy Pilgrim was portrayed by Michael Sacks. In the play adaptation by Eric Simonson, directed by Joe Tantalo, Billy Pilgrim was played by Gregory Konow. The operatic adaptation by Hans-Jürgen von Bose, premiered July 1996 at the Bavarian State Opera in Munich; Billy Pilgrim II was sung by Uwe Schonbeck.

</doc>
<doc id="19155376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155376" title="Capibaribe">
Capibaribe

Capibaribe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19155385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155385" title="September 2008 in science">
September 2008 in science

__NOTOC__
2008 : ← - January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December - →

</doc>
<doc id="19155394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155394" title="White Chuck River">
White Chuck River

The White Chuck River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Sauk River.
Course.
The White Chuck River originates on the slopes of Glacier Peak in the Cascade Range. It flows generally northwest to join the Sauk River south of Darrington. The Sauk River in turn join the Skagit River, which empties into Skagit Bay, part of Puget Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="19155407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155407" title="Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes">
Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes

Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes, also known as Julius Archelaus Epiphanes; Epiphanes; Gaius Julius Antiochus Epiphanes or simply known as Gaius (Greek: ο Γάιος Ιούλιος Αρχέλαος Αντίοχος Επιφανής, 38-92) was an influential prince of the Kingdom of Commagene, who lived in the 1st century.
Biography.
Epiphanes was the first-born son and child to King Antiochus IV of Commagene and Queen Iotapa of Commagene. His parents were full-blooded siblings. His parents were Roman Client Monarchs of Commagene that lived under the Roman Empire in the 1st century. His younger siblings were prince Callinicus and princess Iotapa. 
He was of Armenian, Greek and Medes descent. Through his ancestor from Commagene, Queen Laodice VII Thea, who was the mother of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene, he was a direct descendant of the Greek Syrian Kingdom the Seleucid Empire. He was most probably born in Samosata, the capital of the Kingdom of Commagene or in Rome. However, he was raised and educated between Rome and Samosata. His mother died around 52 and his father raised him. Epiphanes was named in honor of his father, his ancestors and the late Roman Client King Archelaus of Cilicia. 
Antiochus IV was an ally to the Roman Emperors and various members of the Herodian Dynasty. Epiphanes was betrothed in 43/44 to the princess Drusilla, who was a daughter of Judean King Agrippa I. Agrippa thought that Epiphanes would embrace the religion Judaism and Jewish customs. However, Epiphanes never married Drusilla because he refused to adopt the customs and religion of the Jews. The marriage between Epiphanes and Drusilla had not been contracted on the death of Agrippa I. Later Epiphanes was later betrothed to Drusilla’s sister Mariamne. In 49/50, the brother of Mariamne and Drusilla, King Agrippa II had cancelled the wedding between Epiphanes and Mariamne, because again Epiphanes refused to adopt the customs and religion of the Jews. 
In 64, Epiphanes had married an Egyptian Greek woman from Alexandria called Claudia Capitolina. Capitolina came from a distinguished family. She was the only child of Tiberius Claudius Balbilus by his unnamed wife. Balbilus was an Egyptian Greek who was one of the highest magistrates of Equestrian rank in Rome. Balbilus was an astrologer, a learned scholar who was later prefect of Egypt. Capitolina was distantly related to Epiphanes. Capitolina’s paternal grandmother princess Aka II of Commagene was a direct descendant of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene, as she was a great granddaughter of Antiochus I Theos. 
Capitolina is not mentioned by Roman Sources, however has been identified as the wife of Epiphanes and mother of Epiphanes’ children, through surviving honorific inscriptions and surviving honorific poetry dedicated to her. After Epiphanes married Capitolina, they settled and lived in the court of Antiochus IV. In 65 Capitolina bore Epiphanes their first son and child Gaius Julius Antiochus Epiphanes Philopappos in Samosata. 
In 70 Epiphanes was sent by his father with troops to command and assist the prince Titus to end the siege in Jerusalem. During this war, Epiphanes had met the Roman Jewish Historian Josephus. The Roman Emperor Vespasian had stated then that the Kingdom of Commagene was one of the richest of the tributary kings. 
In 72 Lucius Caesennius Paetus, the Roman Governor of Syria had sent letters addressed to Vespasian accusing Antiochus IV; Epiphanes and his brother Callinicus in planning to revolt against Rome and allying themselves with the King of Parthia. Paetus accused in these letters that Antiochus IV, Epiphanes and Callinicus of disloyalty to the Emperor. It is not known whether these accusations were true or false. After reading the letters, Vespasian felt that he could longer trust the family of Antiochus IV and couldn’t trust them to protect the strategic crossing at the Euphrates River at Samosata. Vespasian gave orders to Antiochus IV to terminate his rule in Commagene. 
Paetus invaded the Kingdom of Commagene, as head of the Legio VI Ferrata. The client Kings Aristobulus of Chalcis and Sohaemus of Emesa also supplied troops to Paetus. They all arrived the night before the Battle. As Epiphanes and Callinicus prepared themselves that night for war, Antiochus IV was preparing to flee to Cilicia.
The morning that the war was supposed to occur Epiphanes, his family and Callinicus out of fear of the Romans fled to the King of Parthia, while Antiochus IV also out of fear of the Romans fled to Cilicia. There is a possibility that Epiphanes and Callinicus had a short-lived attempt to resist invasion, before they fled to Parthia. 
The family of Antiochus IV had let their own army and the citizens of Commagene down. Antiochus IV and his family never considered to cause a war with Rome and they wanted to clear themselves of these accusations. Vespasian brought peacefully back to Rome, Epiphanes with his family and Callinicus in an honourable Roman Military Escort. Epiphanes with his family and Callinicus lived in Rome with Antiochus IV for the remainder of his life. Vespasian had given Antiochus IV and his family sufficient revenue to live on. Antiochus IV and his family had a glamorous life and were treated with great respect.
They never returned to Commagene. Commagene was reinstated again as a part of the Roman Province of Syria and there the citizens of Commagene still proved to be loyal subjects of the Roman Empire. 
In 72 Capitolina bore Epiphanes another child, a daughter named Julia Balbilla in Rome. After the death of his father, Epiphanes and his family moved and finally settled in Athens Greece, where he died in 92. It is unknown whether Callinicus had travelled with them. 
After his death, Capitolina returned and lived her remaining years in Alexandria, while her son remained in Athens where he became a prominent citizen. His daughter Julia Balbilla became a prominent poet and became a travelling friend to the Roman Emperor Hadrian and wife Roman Empress Vibia Sabina. In a surviving poem written by Balbilla dedicated to the memory of her parents and her grandfathers, Balbilla describes her parents as ‘pious’ people and writes very highly of her ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="19155418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155418" title="1969 Chatham Cup">
1969 Chatham Cup

The 1969 Chatham Cup was the 42nd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run on a regional basis. In all, 89 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The announcement of the start of the New Zealand National Soccer League in 1970 led to changes in the organisation of the Chatham Cup, and this was the last year prior to the creation of a more open draw. 
The 1969 final.
The last Chatham Cup to be decided on the old regional champions basis was 1969, and it again saw Eastern Suburbs reach the final, this time to face final debutants New Brighton. Despite the efforts of the southern defence, marshalled ably by keeper Derek Phillips, Suburbs had the better of the contest and scored two goals, one each from 1968 scorer John Wrathall and Billy de Graaf.

</doc>
<doc id="19155437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155437" title="Wish You Would">
Wish You Would

"Wish You Would" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris, released September 2, 2008 as the second single from his sixth studio album "Theater of the Mind" (2008). The song, produced by DJ Toomp, features Ludacris' former rival, fellow Southern rapper T.I.. At the 2009 Grammy Awards, the song was nominated for an award in the category of Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group. The song ultimately lost to T.I.'s respective single, "Swagga Like Us".
In October 2008, American hip hop production duo Play-N-Skillz composed a remix, giving it one of their own productions.
Background.
After the song was leaked, MTV interviewed both Ludacris and T.I., who were involved in a high-profile dispute for several years. Ludacris said, "I felt like there was no bigger event in hip-hop at this moment than me and T.I. working together." T.I. said, "We had figure if it ain't no problem and we don't have no issues, no beef, then there's no reason we shouldn't be able to get together and make music." Artists from both Disturbing tha Peace and Grand Hustle were as surprised as anyone else. T.I. and Ludacris also collaborated on T.I.'s 2008 studio album "Paper Trail", on the song "On Top of the World", also featuring B.o.B.

</doc>
<doc id="19155458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155458" title="Rocca Pisana">
Rocca Pisana

Rocca Pisana is a sixteenth-century villa which was designed by the architect Vincenzo Scamozzi for the Pisani family.
In Italy there are several villas called Villa Pisani, which take their name from this powerful Venetian family. This villa is also known as "La Rocca" or "La Rocca Pisana". It is situated in the comune of Lonigo, which is also the home of Palladio's Villa Pisani (Bagnolo).
Dominating a hill-top site, the exterior of Rocca Pisana shows the influence of Palladio's Villa Rotonda, but has differences, for example, the recessed portico. The internal layout is different from Villa Rotonda.
References.
"Bob Vila's Guide to Historic Homes: In Search of Palladio", Bob Vila's three-part six-hour production for A&E Network

</doc>
<doc id="19155480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155480" title="Devotions upon Emergent Occasions">
Devotions upon Emergent Occasions

Devotions upon Emergent Occasions, or in full Devotions Upon Emergent Occasions, and severall steps in my Sicknes, is a prose work by the English metaphysical poet and cleric John Donne, published in 1624. It covers death, rebirth and the Elizabethan concept of sickness as a visit from God, reflecting internal sinfulness. The "Devotions" were written in December 1623 as Donne recovered from a serious but unknown illness – believed to be relapsing fever or typhus. Having come close to death, he described the illness he had suffered from and his thoughts throughout his recovery with "near super-human speed and concentration". Registered by 9 January, and published soon after, the "Devotions" is one of only seven printed works attributed to Donne which were printed during his lifetime.
The "Devotions" is divided into 23 parts, each consisting of 3 sub-sections, called the 'meditation', the "expostulation' and a prayer. The 23 sections are chronologically ordered, each covering his thoughts and reflections on a single day of the illness. Famously, the 17th devotion, "", includes the phrases "No man is an "Iland"" (often modernised as "No man is an island") and "...for whom the "bell" tolls". The work as a whole is considered similar to 17th-century devotional writing generally, and particularly to Donne's "Holy Sonnets". Some academics have also identified political strands running through the work, from a polemic Arminian denunciation of Puritanism to advice to the young Prince Charles.
Background.
Donne was born on 21 January 1572 to John Donne, a wealthy ironmonger and one of the wardens of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongers, and his wife Elizabeth. After his father's death when he was four, Donne was, instead of being prepared to enter a trade, trained as a gentleman scholar; his family used the money his father had made from ironmongering to hire private tutors who taught him grammar, rhetoric, mathematics, history and foreign languages. Elizabeth soon remarried to a wealthy doctor, ensuring that the family remained comfortable; as a result, despite being the son of an ironmonger and portraying himself in his early poetry as an outsider, Donne refused to accept that he was anything other than a gentleman. After study at Hart Hall, Oxford, Donne's private education eventually saw him study at Lincoln's Inn, one of the Inns of Court, where he occupied his time with history, poetry, theology and "Humane learning and languages". It was at Lincoln's Inn that Donne first began writing poetry, looking upon it as "a life-sign or minor irritation" rather than something that defined him.
In November 1623, Donne fell seriously ill. London was the scene of a 'spotted' or relapsing fever, which hit its victims unexpectedly and left them conscious but physically helpless. What disease Donne suffered from is not known. Writers have suggested typhus as a likely culprit, but Donne's writings on the subject reference multiple diseases. Clara Lander, writing in "", suggests that the typhus may have exacerbated the enteritis Donne had suffered from since childhood.
Donne was of the opinion – as were many others of the age – that illness reflected a state of internal sinfulness, and constituted a visit from God. Despite being ordered to rest, he insisted that a pen and paper be given to him, and he wrote down his impressions of the disease. After his recovery, in December, these became "Devotions upon Emergent Occasions", one of his few published prose works, and also one of only seven printed works of which he acknowledged authorship. Written with "near super-human speed and concentration", the work was registered with the Stationers' Company by 9 January 1624. It was published that year, and again in 1634 and 1638. The full, albeit rarely used, title is "Devotions Upon Emergent Occasions, and severall steps in my Sicknes".
Contents.
Structurally, "Devotions" consists of 23 chronologically ordered sections – representing the length, in days, of Donne's illness. Each one contains a 'meditation', in which he describes a stage of his illness, an 'expostulation' containing his reaction to that stage, and finally a prayer in which he makes peace with the disease. In the five editions published during the 17th century, the book opens with a Latin preface, titled "Stationes, sive Periodi in Morbo, ad quas referuntur Meditationes sequentes". Also 23 sections long, each line of the preface is followed by what purports to be an English translation of the Latin. Joan Webber argues that these lines constitute a poem, in dactylic hexameter; David Novarr disputes this, arguing that "Stationes" "has none of Donne's customary wit, drama, and imagination". Instead, it represents the Stations of the Cross, or "supplicatio stativa". Mary Arshagouni, writing in "Modern Philology", argues that the "stationes" indeed constitute a poem – or, at least, something more than a mere table of contents. The Latin lines play-off the English translations, and contain nuanced meaning not found in the English that better represents the sections to which they refer.
Following the "stationes", the 23 meditations begin. Each section, taken in an isolated way, follows the same pattern: Donne states some element of his illness or treatment, and then expands upon his statement to develop a theme that culminates with him becoming closer to God. Perhaps the most famous of the meditations is "", which begins with the statement:
This statement, or title, is then expanded on. Donne first concludes that he may not be aware that the bell is tolling, saying "hee for whom this Bell tolls may be so ill, as that he knowes not it tolls for him; And perchance I may thinke my selfe so much better than I am, as that they who are about mee, and see my state, may have caused it to toll for mee, and I know not that". This is then expanded with the realisation that, even if the bell is tolling for others, it is a matter of concern for Donne, as:
Donne then argues that if someone dies, anyone has the right to use their death as long as they do so valuably, considering it a treasure. He writes that:
The death of an individual – signified by the tolling of the bell – is thus a treasure buried at the bottom of a mine: only of value if it is given to someone who makes good use of it. In this he refers to the work of Augustine of Hippo, specifically "On Christian Doctrine", in which Augustine describes the knowledge of pagans as gold and silver: something that can be involved in Christian purposes if appropriated properly. Donne, twisting this idea, is arguing that the death of any individual is something others can learn from, should they understand it properly.
Style and meaning.
Stylistically, the "Devotions" is an example of 17th-century devotional writing, and have been compared by Roger Rollin, professor of literature at Clemson University, to the "Holy Sonnets" and considered, in effect, a sequel. In the context of 17th century devotional writing, Rollin uses the "Devotions" to demonstrate that, in his view, such writings were "more public than private, as vehicles for the diagnosis of spiritual malaise and as sources of remedies". Lander argued that the full title signifies "growth of the spirit through physical ordeal", and in doing so draws on the devotional works of Joseph Hall. Thomas F. Van Laan, writing in "Studies in Philology", draws parallels between Donne's style and the Ignatian exercises: a set of structured mental exercises designed to bring an individual closer to understanding God.
A number of literary theorists have approached the "Devotions" as politically themed. Richard Strier, in particular, identifies the "Devotions" as an "Arminian polemic", arguing that it was highly atypical of Donne to actually publish works, rather than merely let them circulate amongst friends. Both before and after ordination, Donne actively resisted publication, normally only publishing works that had been the result of a commission, such as "The Anniversaries" or "Pseudo-Martyr". The "Devotions", however, were "literally rushed" into print, with the volume being handed to the printers a month after he had recovered from his disease. Strier argues that Donne's rationale for publishing the "Devotions" matches his rationale for publishing a sermon, the "Encaenia", the same year, to assert the importance of "places, and of dayes, and of all outward meanes", because he felt some sense of urgency about what he had to say. This is coupled with "Devotion XVI", in which Donne explicitly comes out against Puritanism and is simultaneously "purposely militant", deliberately frustrating the other extreme from Puritanism, where "the Arminianism and the polemical anti-puritanism of the volume becomes explicit".
Dave Gray and Jeanne Shami, writing in the "Modern Language Quarterly", argue that it was not just a work of political rhetoric but a work of political advice, aimed at Prince Charles, to whom it was dedicated. The political situation at the time was complex, as King James was ill and Charles attempting to gain control of the government. Gray and Shami highlight the noted line "No man is an Iland"; while most interpret it spiritually, they argue that it was a reminder to the prince and his advisors that "even private actions have public consequences". The veiled nature of the political references was deliberate; it allowed the work to be acceptable to the censors, but accessible to Charles and those close to him. In the event that they rejected the underlying message, it would also be accessible to other prominent and influential political figures.
Lander argues that the structure of the work is itself symbolic. As well as the division of the poem into 23 parts, each signifying and describing one day of Donne's illness, each part is itself split in three – representing the Trinity. The use of three elements – Meditation, Expostulation, and Prayer – also matches the three services found in the "Book of Common Prayer", a common influence on devotional writers of Donne's era.
Critical response.
The "Devotions" have received a mixed reaction from critics. Evelyn Simpson described it as "a curious little book", and wrote that "a manual of devotion [the "Devotions" compares unfavourably with the "Devotions" of Bishop Andrewes or the "Holy Living" of Jeremy Taylor. It is too introspective, too metaphysical, too much overloaded with learning of different kinds". Helen C. White described it as the output of an "anxious and restless mind".
Arshagouni, on the other hand, describes the "Devotions" as Donne's most mature, perhaps most complex work: a remarkable, sustained prose-poem that not only expresses conflicting and powerful internal emotions but also consciously provides its readers with a touching model of the experiences of God's elect in confronting the inexorable course of human sinfulness that characterizes life on earth. Helen Wilcox writes that "the mixture of elaborate rhetoric, painstaking argument, and the frank details of his melancholic 'ridling distemper' creates a particularly powerful impact" and draws particular attention to "Meditation XVII", noting that despite the apparent self-interest of the "Devotions", that piece highlights Donne's recognition of the ultimate interconnectedness of humanity. "Meditation XVII" was also the focus of Robert Jungman, who, writing in "American Notes and Queries", noted it as the most forceful statement of Donne's theme in what was ultimately a "powerful psychological analysis".
In wider popular culture, several phrases from the "Devotions", particularly "Meditation XVII", have become commonly quoted, including "No man is an "Iland"" (often modernised as "No man is an island") and "...for whom the "bell" tolls". Thomas Festa, writing in "Notes and Queries", identifies similarities between Thomas Browne's "Christian Morals" and Donne's "Meditation XIV".

</doc>
<doc id="19155481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155481" title="In Valleys">
In Valleys

In Valleys is an EP by Jack's Mannequin. It was released on September 9, 2008 by Sire Records exclusively through the iTunes Store. It contains one song, "Swim", from the then-upcoming album "The Glass Passenger" and three non-album tracks, "Cell Phone", "In Slow Motion (Sleazy Wednesday)" and "At Full Speed". It was originally supposed to include another track from "The Glass Passenger", "Annie Use Your Telescope", in place of "At Full Speed", but iTunes incorrectly provided that song.
The title "In Valleys" comes from a lyric in "Bloodshot," another song from "The Glass Passenger". The EP was #2 on the iTunes Top Albums charts on the first day of release and fell about 1 spot every day thereafter. The track "Cell Phone" also peaked at #1 on Billboard's "Hot Singles Sales" chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19155521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155521" title="Maurice FitzGerald, 6th Duke of Leinster">
Maurice FitzGerald, 6th Duke of Leinster

Maurice FitzGerald, 6th Duke of Leinster, etc. (1 March 1887 – 4 February 1922) was the eldest son of Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster and his wife, the former Lady Hermione Wilhelmina Duncombe, a daughter of William Duncombe, 1st Earl of Feversham.
Born at Kilkea Castle and never married, he acceded to the dukedom and its related titles upon his father's death from typhoid fever in 1893, at age 42; his mother died of tuberculosis in 1895, at age 30.
The Duke had three siblings:
During his minority, his family's large estates in County Kildare were sold in November 1903 by his trustees to 506 tenant farmers via the Land Commission. Some of the lands had a title dating back to the Norman invasion of Ireland in 1171. The 45,000 acres sold for £766,000, a huge amount at the time, but this had to cover costs, some mortgages and £272,000 that was earmarked to family trusts for the surviving younger children of the 4th duke.
Mental illness and death.
The 6th Duke was reported to be in delicate health from childhood onwards and, the day before he turned 21, in 1908, a newspaper observed that he was "little known in London", due to the "careful way in which he has been obliged to live". Actually, the young Duke was, at the time, a patient at Craig House Hospital, a psychiatric institution, in Edinburgh, Midlothian, Scotland; there he lived in his own villa, attended by a butler, from 1907 until his death in 1922.[http://www.scotsman.com/the-scotsman/scotland/state-of-mind-how-the-royal-edinburgh-hospital-helped-change-attitudes-to-mental-illness-1-2559542]

</doc>
<doc id="19155526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155526" title="James Lingan">
James Lingan

James McCubbin Lingan was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War and subsequently a senior officer in the Maryland State Militia. He was taken prisoner at Fort Washington early in the war and spent several years aboard a prison hulk. After independence, Lingan served as a government official in Georgetown. At the outbreak of the War of 1812, Lingan was an outspoken advocate of freedom of the press and was murdered by a mob while defending the offices of an anti-war newspaper in Baltimore.
Military service.
Lingan enlisted in the Continental Army on July 13, 1776, only nine days after the signing of the Declaration of Independence. He became a lieutenant in the Rawlings Additional Regiment, but was captured at Fort Washington on November 16, 1776. Imprisoned in the hulk HMS "Jersey", Lingan was initially kept in a cell in which he could neither lie down nor stand up. Approached by distant cousin Samuel Hood and offered £10,000 and a commission in the British Army if he agreed to switch sides in the conflict, Lingan was reported to have replied "I'll rot first". Later in his captivity, Lingan gained the reputation as a defender of prisoners' rights. On one occasion, Lingan defended the body of a recently deceased prisoner from guards who wanted to behead the corpse to make it fit into a small coffin.
Government service and death.
Following his release at the end of the war, Lingan was made Collector of the Port of Georgetown by George Washington personally and became a Brigadier-General in the Maryland State Militia. He was also a founding member of the Society of the Cincinnati.
He built Prospect House, in Georgetown.
Throughout his life, Lingan was a strong advocate of the freedom of the press, and at the outbreak of the War of 1812 spoke out in opposition to those who favoured censorship. When the offices of the "Baltimore Federal Republican" were besieged and burnt by a mob angry at anti-war editorials run by the newspaper, Lingan protested at the act and sheltered the newspaper editor, Alexander Contee Hanson in Georgetown. On July 17, 1812, Hanson resumed printing the newspaper at new offices in Baltimore and another mob formed within hours, again storming the building and destroying the presses. Hanson, with Lingan, Henry Lee III and others who had hastened from Washington to try to calm the crowd, were arrested by local militia and taken to Baltimore City Jail in an attempt to calm the situation, but the crowd followed them to the prison and stormed the building. Lingan attempted to stop the mob by displaying a bayonet wound he had received in the Revolutionary War, but this only inflamed the crowd and Hanson, Lingan and Lee were severely beaten and left for dead. Hanson and Lee survived, although the latter was left partially blinded after hot wax was poured into his eyes. Lingan however died from his serious injuries.
Lingan was buried at St. John's Church in Georgetown, at a funeral attended by thousands of mourners. George Washington Custis read the eulogy, praising Lingan's defence of free press and crying "Oh Maryland! Would that the waters of the Chesapeake could wash this foul stain from thy character!" 96 years later, Lingan's remains were removed from the burial ground in Georgetown and transferred to Arlington National Cemetery. In an odd bit of irony, Arlington Cemetery had been established in 1864 on the grounds of the Arlington Plantation, the home of George Washington Parke Custis.

</doc>
<doc id="19155545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155545" title="The Plain (band)">
The Plain (band)

The Plain were a rock band from Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
History.
The band formed in the early 90's, sharing a mutual love of bluesy artists like The Black Crowes, The Allman Brothers, and Led Zeppelin. Swan Burrus (rhythm guitar, vocals), Mac Burrus (lead guitar), and Justin Meyer (drums) had gigged around Nashville for years as "The Southern Delta Swans", playing at dive bars and pizzerias, talent shows, proms, masonic lodges, parks and house parties—anywhere they wouldn't get carded.
With the addition of Rob Overbey on bass, the lineup was complete. They changed their name to "The Plain", and their sound was now in place, combining elements of southern rock, blues, power pop, and classic rock. By 1995, with Swan, Justin and Mac all enrolled at MTSU, the band began to gig tirelessly around Murfreesboro and Nashville, earning a reputation as one of the area's loudest and unironically hardest-rocking bands.
By 1997, after various lineup changes, the band was done. Mac Burrus went on to join local bands The Katies (Katies singer Jason Moore had been playing bass for the Plain) and Self, Justin Meyer went on to play with Fluid Ounces, and Rob Overbey left for California. Swan Burrus continued to play in various bands before eventually leaving Murfreesboro as well, and recorded a solo album called "Swan Songs" in 2003. Mac and Swan are also listed as co-writers of the song "Stay Home" which appeared in "Shrek".
Stickers with the band's logo—a green and black decal featuring an outline of an airplane—can be found scattered around Murfreesboro to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19155554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155554" title="Boulder River (Washington)">
Boulder River (Washington)

The Boulder River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington.
Course.
The Boulder River originates in the Cascade Range. It flows northwest and then northeast through a portion of Boulder River Wilderness to join the Stillaguamish River. The Stillaguamish empties into Port Susan, part of Puget Sound. The river's source is the Craig Lakes, two remote lakes located high on the slopes of Three Fingers. After exiting the lakes the river plunges over Craig Lakes Falls as it descends into the Boulder River Wilderness. 
The river flows northwest from there and just as it is turning northeast it tumbles over very bouldery Boulder Falls. The river also flows over one more waterfall, Half Mile Falls, before the river makes its final push toward its confluence with the North Fork Stillaguamish River.

</doc>
<doc id="19155571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155571" title="Mount Elsay">
Mount Elsay

Mount Elsay is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of North Vancouver near the middle of Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver. It is a part of the North Shore Mountains, rising from the shores of Indian Arm to a summit of . In 1909 it was originally named Mt Jarret in honour of George Jarret, a South African who became the first secretary of the British Columbia Mountaineering Club (BCMC). It has subsequently be renamed Mount Elsay, after nearby Elsay Lake and Creek. These names are thought to derive from a Scottish settler, probably after a place name in Scotland.
History.
The first ascent of Mount Elsay was made in 1909 by a party of climbers from the British Columbia Mountaineering Club led by Fred Mills. The mountain was approached by boat to the top of Indian Arm, opposite Crocker Island, where the group camped overnight. In the morning they broke into two groups, the others climbing Mount Bishop and headed up Bishop Creek. Among the Bishop party was a Mr Cromie, former owner of the Vancouver Sun. Upon reaching the summits of the two mountains at about 9.30am, the two parties of climbers called to each other. Fred Mills' memoirs and photographs are to be found at the North Vancouver Museum and Archives.
Hiking Routes.
Unlike the nearby Mount Seymour, Elsay is not visited by hikers with much frequency. Two routes are most popular; the best hike is to go out by one and return by the other. The West Trail is reached by hiking toward Mount Seymour, then bearing left (west) in the saddle between Second and Third Peaks. A rough route poorly marked with tapes takes one around Mount Seymour's West flank, across the gully below Runner Peak, then trends upward to the ridge, then a rock face to the summit. Alternately, the Elsay Lake Trail takes one to the East of Mount Seymour, across several rock slides, then up a large talus slope (bear right to the low point of the ridge) to join the other trail on the south shoulder of the mountain. The route to Vicar Lakes, Mount Bishop and the Indian Arm Trail heads left shortly after the ridge starts to rise to Mount Elsay.
The Peak is flanked by Mount Bishop and Elsay Lake on the North, with Mount Seymour and Runner Peak to the South. This is rough backcountry and should be approached only with caution and experience.
Crash Site Discovery.
On 28 April 1947, a Lockheed 18 Lodestar Fin 53 CF-TDF, by Trans-Canada Air Lines (now Air Canada), disappeared in southwestern British Columbia with 15 people on board with no survivors. The crash site was discovered 47 years later, in September 1994, in Mount Elsay.

</doc>
<doc id="19155593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155593" title="(187304) 2005 UV">
(187304) 2005 UV

187304 (2005 UV) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 23, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19155608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155608" title="(188588) 2005 NP29">
(188588) 2005 NP29

188588 (2005 NP29) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on July 8, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19155617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155617" title="Callinicus (Prince of Commagene)">
Callinicus (Prince of Commagene)

Callinicus (Greek: ο Кαλλίνικος) was a prince of the Kingdom of Commagene, who lived in the 1st century. Callinicus was the second-born son and child to King Antiochus IV of Commagene and Queen Iotapa of Commagene. His parents were full-blooded siblings. His parents were Roman Client Monarchs of Commagene that lived under the Roman Empire in the 1st century. His older brother was prince Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes and youngest sibling was princess Iotapa.
He was of Armenian, Greek and Medes descent. Through his ancestor from Commagene, Queen Laodice VII Thea, who was the mother of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene, he was a direct descendant of the Greek Syrian Kingdom the Seleucid Empire. Callinicus’ birth name was probably Gaius Julius Mithridates Callinicus. He was probably named in honor of his ancestor King Mithridates I Callinicus, who was the father of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene. Callinicus is the second person in the Royal Family of Commagene to bear this name. He is simply known as Callinicus.
He was most probably born, raised and educated in Samosata, the capital of the Kingdom of Commagene. His mother died around 52 and his father raised him. Unfortunately, more is known on his eldest brother and younger sister, then on Callinicus.
In 72 Lucius Caesennius Paetus, the Roman Governor of Syria had sent letters addressed to Vespasian accusing Antiochus IV; Epiphanes and Callinicus in planning to revolt against Rome and allying themselves with the King of Parthia. Paetus accused in these letters that Antiochus IV, Epiphanes and Callinicus of disloyalty to the Emperor. It is not known whether if these accusations were true or false. After reading the letters, Vespasian felt that he could longer trust the family of Antiochus IV and couldn’t trust them to protect the strategic crossing at the Euphrates River at Samosata. Vespasian gave orders to Antiochus IV to terminate his rule in Commagene.
Paetus invaded the Kingdom of Commagene, as head of the Legio VI Ferrata. The client Kings Aristobulus of Chalcis and Sohaemus of Emesa also supplied troops to Paetus. They all arrived the night before the Battle. As Epiphanes and Callinicus prepared themselves that night for war, Antiochus IV was preparing to flee to Cilicia.
The next morning that the war was supposed to occur Epiphanes with his family and Callinicus out of fear of the Romans fled to the King of Parthia, while Antiochus IV also out of fear of the Romans fled to Cilicia. There is a possibility that Epiphanes and Callinicus had a short-lived attempt to resist invasion, before they fled to Parthia.
The family of Antiochus IV had let their own army and the citizens of Commagene down. Antiochus IV and his family never considered to cause a war with Rome and they wanted to clear themselves of these accusations. Vespasian brought peacefully back to Rome, Epiphanes with his family and Callinicus in an honourable Roman Military Escort. Epiphanes with his family and Callinicus lived in Rome with Antiochus IV for the remainder of his life. Vespasian had given Antiochus IV and his family sufficient revenue to live on. Antiochus IV and his family had a glamorous life and were treated with great respect.
They never returned to Commagene. Commagene was reinstated again as a part of the Roman Province of Syria and there the citizens of Commagene still proved to be loyal subjects of the Roman Empire. After the death of Antiochus IV, Epiphanes and his family moved and settled in Athens Greece. However, it is unknown whether Callinicus had travelled with them. After this moment, nothing more is known on Callinicus.

</doc>
<doc id="19155619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155619" title="(188721) 2005 UU">
(188721) 2005 UU

188721 (2005 UU) is a main-belt asteroid in the solar system. It was discovered on October 23, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19155632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155632" title="(189944) 2003 TX">
(189944) 2003 TX

(189944) 2003 TX is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 3, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19155636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155636" title="Telesforo Castillejos">
Telesforo Castillejos

Telesforo Castillejos is a Filipino politician and former Governor of the province of Batanes, Philippines. On September 3, 2008 he was injured in an ambush in Pasay City while being driven home.

</doc>
<doc id="19155639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155639" title="(190118) 2004 VR60">
(190118) 2004 VR60

190118 (2004 VR60) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 10, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19155640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155640" title="Louis Joseph Saint-Amans">
Louis Joseph Saint-Amans

Louis Joseph Saint-Amans (1749-1820) was a French composer. 
Biography.
Early life.
Louis Joseph Saint-Amans was born on June 12, 1749 in Marseille. Initially studying to be a lawyer, he abandoned his studies to focus on music.
Career.
He travel around southern France with an Italian theater troupe performing opere buffe. He then spent three years in Italy as a tutor to the children of a Swiss baron. Interested in music, he studied the works of Italian composers on his own, ultimately deciding to pursue his own career as an opera composer. 
He returned to Paris in 1769 and his first opéra comique, "Dom Alvar et Mincia", débuted the following year. He composed several more operas and ballets over the next few years, some of which appeared at the Opéra National de Paris. However, none of these works were met with particular success. 
In 1778, he moved to Brussels to become the conductor of the Théâtre de la Monnaie. He finally found success while working in Brussels, enjoying a six-year period of well received compositions. After returning to Paris in 1884, he was appointed professor of singing at the Ecole Royale de Chant (later the Paris Conservatoire). 
He continued to write opéras comiques until the early years of the 19th century, but lack of critical acclaim and a move to Brest (following the loss of his position at the Conservatoire) may have led him to abandon composing for the stage during his last 15 years. Over his entire career, Saint-Amans wrote twenty-six operas, of which all but two have been lost. He also composed several religious works including a number of motets and oratorios. In 1807, he composed a "Te Deum" for Napoleon’s birthday celebrations.
Death.
He died in 1820 in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19155664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155664" title="2009–10 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season">
2009–10 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season

The 2009–10 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season which is made up of three different basins and respective seasons; the
In addition, Tropical Storm Anita formed in the South Atlantic Ocean in March. This is only the second recorded tropical cyclone in the South Atlantic after Cyclone Catarina in March 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19155683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155683" title="The Shoeflies">
The Shoeflies

The Shoeflies is a Canadian rock band originally formed in 1992 in Chatham, Ontario, presently composed of vocalist/guitarist David DeJonge, vocalist/keyboard player Richard DeJonge, guitarist Cory Dawe, bassist Randy Doucette and drummer Clark Allore. The band went through a number of member changes between 1992 and 2001 (mostly with respect to bass players), with the current line-up being the longest-running line-up of the band.
History.
Beginnings.
The original line-up formed in 1992 in Chatham, Ontario, with high school friends Richard DeJonge (vocals/keyboards) and Cory Dawe (guitar). With a Casio keyboard, a guitar and two cowboy hats, the two played as a mock-country duo known as Rikky Dee & The Shoeflies. In 1992, the group released a self-titled 12-song album of joke songs including "Sneaky Old Bootknife", "Kiss Me Or Kill Me" and "Prison Life's A Bore”. During their "Not Quite World Tour," in early 1993 the duo, now known simply as The Shoeflies (they dropped the Rikky Dee moniker at this time), played shows in Cincinnati, Kentucky, Nashville, Memphis, and various other cities in the United States.
At the end of 1993, The Shoeflies went into Mud Creek Studios in Chatham, Ontario to record "Fly To You", a radio single that would be used to promote the band. Vocalist Ivan Arneill sang harmonies on the track, and the song received substantial radio airplay at the University of Windsor campus radio station, where Richard DeJonge attended at the time.
Three Chords and the Truth.
During the summer of 1994, The Shoeflies returned to Mud Creek studios to work with producer Greg Sabitz to record their first full-length album, Three Chords And The Truth. While Richard DeJonge played keyboards and Cory Dawe played electric and acoustic guitars on the recording, session musicians were brought in for the bass and drums. Of note, Richard's brother David DeJonge (who was playing in the Toronto indie-band Janus at the time) made his debut with the Shoeflies on this project adding vocal harmonies. The album was much more serious than the 12-song recording 2 years prior, and had more of a Christian rock influence. This influence lead to an opening of a door into the Ontario Christian Rock scene, where the band became a household name for many years, and garnering radio airplay on Christian radio stations in Ontario, as well as other parts of the country.
Shortly after the break-up of Janus in March 1995, David DeJonge (vocals/guitars) officially joined The Shoeflies. The addition of David to The Shoeflies had an immeasurable impact on the band as he brought strong songwriting and performance skills, a second lead vocalist role, plus adding vocal harmonies. The Shoeflies, now a trio, played a series of summer events culminating with the annual Rhubarb Festival in Sheddon, Ontario.
Loudmouth Jimmy.
In December 1996, The Shoeflies parted ways with bassist Chris Brownrigg over musical differences, a daring move considering they were booked to enter the studio the following month. In January 1997, The Shoeflies confined themselves to Citadel Recording Studio in Bothwell, Ontario for ten miserably cold days (where the temperature is usually –40 degrees Celsius with the wind-chill) to record Loudmouth Jimmy. Guitarist Cory Dawe played bass on the recording, and the album was a collection of material written and performed since Three Chords and the Truth. “For a Lifetime” from Three Chords and the Truth was rearranged and re-recorded during these sessions, a trend that would continue on with their next release as well. The album also featured The Shoeflies’ only instrumental to date, a Cory Dawe composition called “Back to Basics”. Cory and Clark Allore were the only two Shoeflies performing on the track, as Cory covered all the guitar parts and the bass, and Clark played the drums.
In March 1997, The Shoeflies recruited former Janus guitarist Dan Surman to play bass. Dan had never played bass before in a band setting, so his recruitment was initially on a trial basis, but on June 7, 1997 after a show in Chatham, Ontario, the band made Dan an official member of The Shoeflies.
The Loudmouth Jimmy CD release party occurred on July 11, 1997, and Clark Allore suggested an idea of playing the entire album, front to back, in order. The idea was based on shows from Clark’s Pink Floyd bootleg collection, since Floyd had a similar approach when touring albums such as "The Dark Side of the Moon", "Wish You Were Here", "Animals" and "The Wall". Two sets were played that evening – set one was Loudmouth Jimmy (with the exception of “Back to Basics”, which was not debuted live until 2003), while set two comprised songs from Three Chords and the Truth, covers, and two brand new compositions written and rehearsed after the Loudmouth Jimmy sessions – “Infection” and “Snake”. These new songs would eventually appear on their next release 3 years later.
On July 26, 1997, two days before The Shoeflies were scheduled to play a show at Lee’s Palace in Toronto, Dan Surman left the band to pursue a tech position on a cruise ship in the Caribbean. The band played the show as a 4-piece with David DeJonge and Cory Dawe switching off on bass. Another new song, “Truth in the Soul”, was debuted at this show, which is a favourite in The Shoeflies live set to this day.
January to September 1998 was a very productive 8 months for the band. They played more shows than ever in such a short span of time, plus a number of new songs were written – “Deepest Part of Me”, “The Selfish Guy”, “Dancing Girl”, “Mystery” and “Somebody to Love”.
On July 13, 1998, Clark Allore decided to leave the band for personal reasons. At that point, The Shoeflies still had 12 more shows booked, so Clark fulfilled his obligation to the band by playing the remaining shows. Clark’s last show was on September 4, 1998 in Ridgetown, Ontario, and it marked a definitive end to a chapter in the band’s history.
After Clark Allore announced that he would be leaving the band, The Shoeflies started auditioning drummers in August 1998. The band eventually settled upon Chris Rayner, a hard-hitting technical drummer with a very different style than Clark. On one hand, Chris’ different style breathed new life into some of the older material, but on the other hand, it caused some friction between himself and the rest of the band as to how the drum parts should be composed.
In January 1999, The Shoeflies parted ways with bassist George Anstey. George’s replacement came in the form of Carrie Young. This would mark the only time there was a female member of the band. It is unclear if Carrie’s involvement was meant to be of a permanent nature, but she only stayed for a short period of time as she was no longer with the band by August 1999. This marked the fourth time in their history that The Shoeflies were in search of a new bass player.
The Arrival of Rando and The Chronicles of Raidy O’Frendly.
Later in August 1999 month, The Shoeflies asked Niagara-area bassist Randy Doucette to join the band. The band knew Randy through Clark Allore, and he brought a wealth of experience to the band, plus having obtained a Diploma in Applied Arts (Applied Music)from Mohawk College in Hamilton, Ontario, he brought a great sense of musicianship to the band.
The Shoeflies took their time and spent almost a year recording their next album, The Chronicles of Raidy O'Frendly. This project was completed with help from Grammy-winner Joe Shugan (recording engineer for Canada's Polka King, Walter Ostanek) and Paul Milner (Keith Richards, Eddy Grant & Robert Palmer). The album was a collection of material written and performed since Loudmouth Jimmy.
The Shoeflies extensively promoted the album on several radio & television programs, including several live-to-air TV performances seen by over a million Canadians. The Shoeflies arguably achieved their height of popularity in the Toronto indie-scene during this time period as they were filling such Toronto clubs as The Horseshoe Tavern and C’est What.
But as time wore on, there was a growing amount of frustration among the band members with respect to Chris Rayner’s drumming. Chris was a very technically skilled drummer, but his style had never quite fit the band. After a show in Oakville, Ontario on March 17, 2001, Chris Rayner left The Shoeflies, ending the longest consistent Shoeflies line-up at the time.
A Drummer's Return.
In May 2001, Clark Allore rejoined the band after The Shoeflies and drummer Chris Rayner mutually parted ways. Since then, the band has played numerous shows throughout Ontario. The band starting writing and performing new material, as well as revisiting older material not played while Chris Rayner was in the band. Before long, The Shoeflies had enough material for another new album, but it was at this time that the members of the band thought it best to focus more on family life.
One Day.
In July 2008, The Shoeflies recorded their 4th studio album "One Day" at H.O.D. Studios in Newmarket, Ontario. The album featured 11 tracks that featured a collection of material written and performed since 2000's The Chronicles of Raidy O'Frendly.

</doc>
<doc id="19155710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155710" title="Aristides Paradissis">
Aristides Paradissis

Aristides Paradissis (1923-2006) was an Australian poet and professor. 
Biography.
Born in China of Greek parents in Chefoo (now Yantai), Paradissis moved to Shanghai in 1932. He studied at St. Francis Xavier's College and then business and law at the Aurora University (Shanghai). Paradissis arrived in Australia in 1949 and continued his studies at the University of Melbourne and at La Trobe University. He was senior lecturer in French, Spanish, and European literature at La Trobe University (1967-85). 

</doc>
<doc id="19155718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155718" title="Adventures of Juku the Dog">
Adventures of Juku the Dog

The Adventures of Juku The Dog (1931) () is the first Estonian experimental animated short film written and directed by Voldemar Päts, produced by Aleksaner Teppor and animation by cartoonist Elmar Jaanimägi. For the film about 5000 drawings were made. Out of the total of 180 meters of shot film stock about 100 have survived. The soundtrack for the silent film was provided by Records of the Tormolen Co. Parlophon. In total 2 films in the series were attempted, the second one called The Adventures of Juku on Earth and Water was not completed and has not survived. 
After the Great Depression and WWII hit Estonia, the first professional puppetoon animation studio in Estonia Nukufilm was established by Elbert Tuganov in 1958 and a traditional cel animation studio Joonisfilm by Rein Raamat in 1971. In modern times the most known Estonian Animation Director is Priit Pärn, the winner of Grand Prize at the Ottawa International Animation Festival in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19155749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155749" title="I cavalieri di Ekebù">
I cavalieri di Ekebù

I Cavalieri di Ekebù is an opera composed by Riccardo Zandonai to an Italian libretto by Arturo Rossato. The opera is based on "Gösta Berlings Saga" by Nobel laureate Selma Lagerlöf. It was first performed at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan, Italy on 7 March 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19155768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155768" title="Richard Baxter (actor)">
Richard Baxter (actor)

Richard Baxter (c. 1593 – c. 1667), or Backster, was a seventeenth-century actor, who worked in some of the leading theatre companies of his era. His long career illustrates the conditions during the difficult years of transition from the period of English Renaissance theatre, through the English Civil War and the Interregnum, and into the Restoration era.
Early years.
Baxter worked with Queen Anne's Men through most of that company's existence, from 1606 to 1623. He was paid 10 shillings a week as a hired man; he became a sharer (a partner in the company) in 1623, the year the company folded. Unfortunately, that company was in financial difficulties for much of its existence; its hired men were sometimes paid half their wages, or less, or nothing. "Baxter kept a record of these deficits, which he considered as arrears, but could never recover them from the company." (Baxter may have received his share in 1623 as compensation for the arrearages.)
Baxter was with the King's Men in the years from 1628 to 1637; he appeared in their productions of Ford's "The Lover's Melancholy" (1628) and Massinger's "Believe as You List" (1631), and their revival of Fletcher's "The Mad Lover", c. 1630.
With Baxter as with many other actors of his time, some of the best evidence on his career comes from legal documents. In March 1622, a feltmaker complained that Baxter had wounded him during a performance, while the feltmaker had been seated at the side of the stage. Apparently, nothing came of the man's complaint. In the following year, 1623, Baxter gave testimony in a legal suit, the so-called Baskervile or Worth/Baskerville suit, that involved most of the members of his acting troupe. (Baxter's signatures on legal documents, in 1623 and in 1665, prove that the pre-1642 and post-1660 actors are the same man.)
Dark years.
From 1642 to 1660, during the years of the Civil War and Commonwealth, the theatres were formally closed. Actors performed clandestinely when they could, though they were repeatedly harassed, arrested, imprisoned, and generally persecuted by the authorities. Legal documents once again throw light upon the careers of Baxter and his fellow actors in these years. Baxter was one of several English actors who performed on the Continent, mainly in The Hague and Paris, in the years 1644 and 1645.
He was also involved in a 1648 effort to restart the King's Men. In December of that year, Baxter and nine other actors, most of them veterans of the company, signed a contract with an upholsterer named Robert Conway; Conway was to provide financial backing for the group in return for a portion of their income, and the ten would be the sharers or partners in the new version of the old company. This effort produced limited drama but enduring litigation: Conway's heirs sued the actors in 1661, claiming that the 1648 contract granted them a share in the profits of the newly formed King's Company. In the complainants' interpretation, the King's Company was a continuation of the 1648 group, and Conway's contract applied. The resulting suit has been called "the Baxter suit," since in some documents Baxter is listed first among the involved actors. Baxter himself gave a deposition in the case in 1665, in which he identified himself as being 72 years old at the time.
The documents in the case specify that during the years of the theatre closure the actors often could act only in private homes for relatively small sums; and even then they were sometimes arrested and jailed. The authorities used confiscation of the actors' costumes as an effective means of suppression, since a troupe's stock of costumes constituted its main material wealth and financial investment.
In the Restoration.
Baxter was one of the thirteen actors who became sharers in the new King's Company when it was organized at the start of the Restoration period. He continued with that organization for the remainder of his stage career. His 1665 deposition indicated that he received a "salary," apparently more like a pension, of 20 shillings per week since 1663. He likely died not long prior to February 8, 1668, "when his name is cancelled in a livery warrant."
Baxter was probably the father of two actors of the next generation, John Baxter and another Richard Baxter.

</doc>
<doc id="19155797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155797" title="Linda Obermoeller">
Linda Obermoeller

Linda Obermoeller (March 4, 1941 - January 1, 1990) was an American painter known for her watercolor portraits. During her career she worked with watercolor and pencil. She died at age 48. At the time of her death was displaying her work at the Harris Gallery in Houston, Texas and she had a painting displayed at the Watercolor USA Honor Society Watercolor Now II, a national juried exhibition, in which her watercolor, “Still Life with Trout”, won first place posthumously (1990).
Her work has been displayed at the University of Phoenix, Austin campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19155806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155806" title="Women rulers in Maya society">
Women rulers in Maya society

During the 7th and 8th centuries in Mesoamerica, there is an evident shift in the roles women played in ancient Maya society as compared with the previous two centuries. It is during this time that there was a great deal of political complexity seen both in Maya royal houses as well as in the Maya area. Warfare was a significant factor in political competition and marriage was one of the ways that alliances were made between the different polities. This was accompanied by a shift in women's roles from wife and mother to playing integral parts in courtly life, such as participating in rituals involving the supernatural world and at times ruling individual polities.
A handful of women are described and depicted on monuments taking on roles and titles that were usually reserved for men. High ranking titles that both men and women could hold included "Ajaw" and "Kaloomte. The title of "Ajaw" was seen as "the most general title" that a person of nobility could have if they were born into the right social ranking; meanwhile, the title "Kaloomte has an unclear meaning but it is at the site of Tikal where the title is used as the highest rank.
Among the high ranking women in ancient Maya society during the Classic Period were five who rose to the position of ruling queen. Some acceded to the throne in their own right due to the lack of a male heir. Others served as regent until their sons were old enough to rule. These women included Lady of Tikal, Lady Yohl Ik'nal and Muwaan Mat of Palenque, Lady Six Sky of Naranjo, and Lady Eveningstar of Yaxchilan.
Tikal.
Lady of Tikal.
"Lady of Tikal" assumed a leadership role at the age of six but did not rule on her own. She co-ruled with and individual named Kaloomte' Bahlam. The daughter of Chak Tok Ich'aal II, Lady of Tikal was depicted on Stela 23, which was broken and later re-erected incomplete. Her relationship to Bird Claw, who may have been her successor is unknown due to problems deciphering the text of Stela 8, but it is important to o note that Bird Claw does not carry the Tikal emblem.
Monuments that refer to the Lady of Tikal are: Stelae 6, 12, and 23.
Palenque.
Lady Yohl Ik'nal.
Lady Yohl Ik'nal took the throne at Palenque in 583 when Kan Bahlam I, the 7th ruler, died and left no heir. The relationship between her and the previous king remains undetermined, though she appears to have been either his daughter or sister. She ruled for more than 20 years. She also carried full royal titles, an uncommon occurrence for women. According to the sarcophagus of K'inich Janaab' Pakal, Yohl Ik'nal was the mother of Lady Sak K'uk', making Lady Yohl Ik'nal the grandmother of K'inich Janaab Pakal.
Lady Yohl Ik'nal appears on the side of the sarcophagus of K'inich Janaab Pakal.
Muwaan Mat.
Muwaan Mat (also known as Lady Sak K'uk' or "Lady Beastie") ruled for a short time after the death of Aj Ne' Yohl Mat before K'inich Janaab' Pakal took the throne.
It was probably Sak K'uk' and her consort K'an Mo' Hix who held most of the power during the childhood of K'inich Janaab' Pakal. There is an image of Lady Sak K'uk handing him what had been termed the "drum major" crown at his accession.
Naranjo.
Lady Six Sky.
Of the three queens, Lady Six Sky's reign was the most impressive. She was the daughter of Bajlaj Chan K'awiil of Dos Pilas and arrived at Naranjo in the position of ruling queen and establishes a "new dynasty." Lady Six Sky commissioned monuments that note she performed important calendric rituals, some shortly after her arrival. Additionally, she is shown on monuments taking on the role of a warrior-king by standing over a trampled captive, an unusual representation for a woman. Naranjo Stela 24 is one such depiction. Scholars suspect that K'ahk' Tiliw Chan Chaak, the king who succeeded her, was the son of Lady Six Sky. He was born five years after her arrival at Naranjo.
Monuments that refer to Lady Six Sky are: Stelae 3, 18, 24, 29, and 31.
Yaxchilan.
Lady Ik' Skull.
Lady Ik' Skull, also known as Lady Eveningstar, came to Yaxchilan from Calakmul. She was a secondary wife to Itzamnaaj Bahlam III (also referred to as Shield Jaguar II, Shield Jaguar the Great or Itzamnaaj B'alam II). Although a secondary wife, Lady Ik' Skull may have ruled for a short time in Yaxchilan's history until her son Bird Jaguar IV was old enough to take the throne. A review of the dynastic history of Yaxchilan during Itzamnaaj Bahlam III's reign indicates that he had three wives: Lady K'ab'al Xook (also written as Lady Xoc or Lady Xok), Lady Sak B'iyaan and Lady Ik' Skull of Calakmul, with Lady K'ab'al Xook as the primary wife. Upon the death of Itzamnaaj Bahlam, the right to the throne would traditionally go to his heir through the Lady K'ab'al Xook line; however, this is not what happens and nearly ten years after his death it is his son, Bird Jaguar IV, from Lady Ik’ Skull that takes the throne.
There is a great deal of speculation as to why the son of a secondary wife took the throne and did so after the king had been dead for ten years. Current thinking is that the rightful heir through Lady K'ab'al Xook's lineage may have been her son, or perhaps a nephew or brother, but that this individual was captured during a conflict with Dos Pilas in 745. Information regarding this "interregnum" period tends to be conflicting. In their second revised edition Martin and Grube note that at Piedras Negras there is mention of a new king at Yaxchilan, Yopaat Bahlam II, who may have ruled for part or all of this period. However, supporting evidence for this is unknown from Yaxchilan. On the other hand, Josserand notes that Lady Ik' Skull ruled as regent during this time and that it was not until her death that Bird Jaguar IV took the throne.
A monument which refers to Lady Ik' Skull is stela 35.
Notes.
"Information regarding monuments in which the above individuals are noted was obtained from Martin and Grube 2008: 38, 74, 129, 160, and 161."

</doc>
<doc id="19155886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155886" title="Pilchuck River">
Pilchuck River

The Pilchuck River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. The name is derived from Chinook Jargon "pilpil" ("blood", "red") and "chuck" ("water"), or "red water".
Course.
The Pilchuck River originates in the Cascade Range. It flows generally west and then south, past Granite Falls, to join the Snohomish River near Snohomish. The Snohomish empties into Possession Sound, part of Puget Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="19155933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155933" title="List of International League Hall of Fame inductees">
List of International League Hall of Fame inductees

The International League (IL) is a North American professional baseball minor league, operating at the Triple-A level. In , the IL Baseball Writers' Association established a Hall of Fame for the league. The Association inducted one to three members annually until , when the Association dissolved. The IL's Board of Directors revived the Hall of Fame in to commemorate the League's 125th season of play in . They held a special induction of two executives in 2007, to be followed by transition classes of 28 members in 2008, 14 in 2009 and 7 in 2010, after which the Hall will return to its traditional rate of 1-3 inductions per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19155945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155945" title="Bogotá Savannah Railway">
Bogotá Savannah Railway

The Bogotá Savannah Railway was a company that provided transport for passengers from 1889 between the cities of the Metropolitan Area of Bogotá. The Savannah railway was liquidated in 1991 along with the National Railways of Colombia.
Currently, and from 1992, one of its lines (Northern line) was enabled to function as tourist train called Tren Turistico de la Sabana.
History.
The construction of the Savannah Railway was authorized in 1873 and begun in 1882 by a British company. The works were suspended in 1886 when its length was just 18 km. A new contract was made with an American venture called “Savannah Railway Company”. When the line was inaugurated its length was 40 km. In 1887 a new contract took place for the construction of the Zipaquira line. In time, the railways expanded across the Bogotá Savannah reaching a length of about 200 km.
In 1917 the Estacion de la Sabana was built by the English engineer William Lidstone; this building served as Central Station for the national railway as well. Its location was on the outskirts of the city on the west (today Calle 13).
The last expansion of the Bogotá Savannah Railway occurred in 1953. By that time the Railway's service covered the following towns: Chapinero, Usaquen, Sopo, Tocancipa, Nemocon, Suesca, Gachancipa, Cajica, Fontibon, Madrid, Mosquera, Facatativa, Bosa, Soacha, Sibate and Usme.
The Bogotá Savannah Railway in 1953.
Stations of Ferrocarril del Occidente (Western line):
Stations of Ferrocarril del Sur (Southern line):
Stations of Ferrocarril del Norte (Northern line):
Stations of Ferrocarril del Nordeste (North Eastern line):
Stations of Ferrocarril del Oriente (Eastern Line):

</doc>
<doc id="19156028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156028" title="Ahuroa">
Ahuroa

Ahuroa is a locality in the Rodney District of New Zealand. Puhoi is to the south-east, Warkworth to the north-east, and Kaipara Flats to the north. The North Auckland railway line passes through the area. 
The North Auckland Line reached Ahuroa from Kaukapakapa in 1905, allowing exploitation of the local forests. Because it had a railway station, the road between Ahuroa and Glorit on the western coast was chosen to be a highway in the late 1920s, and metalled.
Ahuroa is also the site of King's College's Venture Camp. The school owns land and forests there and runs camps for its students and also for many corporations from New Zealand.
Education.
Ahuroa School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 7 and a roll of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19156040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156040" title="Billy Koh">
Billy Koh

Billy Koh () is a Singaporean songwriter, composer and music producer, best known for producing Singaporean singers, such as Kit Chan, A-Do, JJ Lin and BY2. He is one of the most instrumental and influential figures in the Asian Chinese-Pop (C-Pop) music industry. Since its founding in 1986, together with his team, Billy has transformed Ocean Butterflies Music into the leading independent music powerhouse in Asia (www.ob-i.com). He is also the co-founder of the Composers and Authors Society of Singapore, COMPASS.
Career.
In his music career, Billy has produced more than 200 albums for singers from Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Taiwan, mainland China & the US. He
is also a mentor who has discovered & produced many successful Asian acts including Kit Chan (陳潔儀) in 1994, A-Do (阿杜) in 2002, JJ Lin (林俊傑) in 2003, BY2 in 2008 and DON
in 2012.
In 1994, Koh successfully produced and launched Kit Chan's Taiwan debut album, "Heartache".
In 2002, Koh crafted a then construction foreman, A-do, to a singer. A-do's debut album sold for more than 2 millions copies within six months across Asia. Billboard magazine covered the story of A-Do in Feb 8th 2003’s issue.
In 2003, Koh produced & launched another young Singapore composer-singer, JJ Lin. JJ’s debut album lead him to win the Best New-comer in 15th Taiwan’s Gold Melody Awards.
In 2004, Koh was awarded the 'Best Producer' for JJ’s second album, "Second Heaven" (第二天堂) in China National Music Award (中國原創歌曲獎). This is the first time for Singaporean to received musical awards & recognition from China National Statutory Board.
In 2007, Koh was invited to speak at a high-level conference held in Brussels, jointly organized by the European Commission, SABAM (Belgium Society of Authors, Composers & Publishers) and the Music Copyright Society of China. In the same year, he was invited to lecture to a master class at Peking University.
Since 2008, Koh has spoken at several international music forums including:
1) MidemNet held in Cannes (2008).
2) Canadian Music Industry Mission to Asia held in Tokyo, Japan (2008)
3) Canadian Music Week held in Toronto, Canada (2009)
4) Asia Pop Music Festival held in Hong Kong, China (2011)
5) MacWorld Asia held in Beijing, China (2012)
6) CISAC Seminar on Copyright – Beijing, China (2014)
After working as Artist & Repertoire Director for more than 20 years, Billy was elected by the Board of Directors as CEO of Ocean Butterflies International in September 2013. He quit CEO of Ocean Butterflies in 2014 to pursue his new business, Amusic Rights Management. Born in Singapore, Billy's footsteps cover Beijing, Taipei & Los Angeles.
Major Works.
As a songwriter:
As a record producer/A&R Director:
References.
‘SINGAPORE: THE ENCYCLOPEDIA’ published by the National Heritage Board of Singapore (ISBN 981-4155-63-2)

</doc>
<doc id="19156041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156041" title="Chewuch River">
Chewuch River

The Chewuch River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. 
Its name comes from the word "/cwáx/" [čwáx] in the Columbia-Moses language meaning "creek".
The river valley was also the site of the Thirty Mile Fire which killed four fire fighters in July 2001.
Course.
The Chewuch River originates in the Cascade Range northeast of Remmel Mountain at the junction of Remmel Creek and Cathedral Creek. It flows generally south to join the Methow River at Winthrop. The Methow empties into the Columbia River. Tributaries of the Chewuch River include Andrews Creek, Lake Creek, Eightmile Creek, and Cub Creek.
Just below the mouth of Meadow Creek, the river cascades about 30 feet over Chewuch Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="19156042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156042" title="Safdar Ali Abbasi">
Safdar Ali Abbasi

Dr Safdar Ali Abbasi(Urdu: صفدر علی عباسی) or Safdar Abbasi (26 December 1957) is a Pakistani senator and the central leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
Early life.
Abbasi was born in the Larkana District of Sindh, Pakistan, on 26 December 1957. His family has long been involved in local as well as national politics. Abbasi's mother, Dr. Ashraf Abbasi, was at one time Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan. Abbasi attended Aitchison College, Lahore, completing Cambridge and Intermediate studies before going on to pursue a medical degree at Dow Medical College, Karachi. He was interested and involved in local politics during his youth.
Political career.
Safdar Abbasi contested the elections for Dow Medical College Students Union in 1981 from the platform of National Students Federation.
Abbasi became a worker of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), as he approved the Dogma of the late President and Premier of Pakistan Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto. He was exiled during the martial law period. In 1986 he became a political assistant to Benazir Bhutto, and when Benazir Bhutto became Prime Minister in 1988 was appointed her Political Secretary, a position he retained through 1993.
In March 1994, Abbasi was elected for a six-year term to the Senate of Pakistan, where he served on the Senate Standing Committee on Commerce, Local Government and Rural Development and on the Senate Standing Committee for Health, Social Welfare and Special Education. In 2006, he was re-elected for an additional six-year term.
After Benazir Bhutto's assassination.
Safdar Abbasi and his wife, Naheed Khan, faced many problems after Benazir Bhutto's assassination on 27 December 2007 in Liaquat Bagh. Both were considered very close to Benazir Bhutto and sidelined under the new leadership of Asif Ali Zardari, along with other close advisers of Benazir Bhutto
Not only them, but it is a general impression since the tragedy, that many of the party workers who were close to Buttho have been ignored by Asif Ali Zardari, including well known party worker and leader of the lawyers movement in Pakistan Aitezaz Ahsan. Many new figures took the close positions to Zardari. Safdar and Naheed even have been held responsible for the death of Ms. Bhutto, of which both denied and asked Zardari to contradict. But there was no answer or contradiction from Zardari or his newly appointed aides.

</doc>
<doc id="19156059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156059" title="Morehouse Parish School Board">
Morehouse Parish School Board

Morehouse Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in an unincorporated area of Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, United States, near the city of Bastrop, the parish seat.
The district serves Morehouse Parish.
Bastrop High School prayer controversy.
In 2011, graduating senior Damon Fowler objected to prayer at the Bastrop High School graduation exercises, claiming a looming violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. The ACLU of Louisiana asked the school not to include a prayer in the May 20 graduation. At the Thursday night rehearsal for the graduation, senior Sarah Barlow included a prayer that explicitly mentioned Jesus, and during the graduation, student Laci Rae Mattice led people in the Lord's Prayer before a moment of silence. The school says that Mattice was told not to include a prayer. Fowler stated that after his objections became public he was ostracized by other students. Fowler would eventually be awarded the Humanist Pioneer Award from the American Humanist Association for his advocacy and bravery.

</doc>
<doc id="19156060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156060" title="Pleasant Street School">
Pleasant Street School

Pleasant Street School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156069" title="Action of 13 January 1797">
Action of 13 January 1797

The Action of 13 January 1797 was a small naval battle fought between a French ship of the line and two British frigates off the coast of Brittany during the French Revolutionary Wars. During the action the frigates successfully outmanoeuvred the much larger French vessel and drove it on shore in heavy seas, resulting in the deaths of between 400 to over 900 of the 1,300 persons aboard, depending on the sources. One of the British frigates was also lost in the engagement, running onto a sandbank after failing to escape a lee shore.
The French 74-gun ship "Droits de l'Homme" had been part of the "Expédition d'Irlande", a disastrous attempt by a French expeditionary force to invade Ireland. During the operation, the French fleet was beset by poor coordination and violent weather, eventually being compelled to return to France without landing a single soldier. Two British frigates, the 44-gun HMS "Indefatigable" and the 36-gun HMS "Amazon", had been ordered to patrol the seas off Ushant in an attempt to intercept the returning French force and sighted "Droits de l'Homme" on the afternoon of 13 January.
The engagement lasted for more than 15 hours, in an increasing gale and the constant presence of the rocky Breton coast. The seas were so violent that the French ship was unable to open her lower gun ports during the action and as a result could only fire with her upper deck guns, significantly reducing the advantage that a ship of the line would normally have over the smaller frigates. The damage the more manoeuvrable British vessels inflicted on the French ship was so severe that as the winds increased, the French crew lost control and "Droits de l'Homme" was swept onto a sandbar and destroyed.
Background.
In December 1796, during the French Revolutionary Wars, a French force departed from Brest on an expedition to invade Ireland. This army of 18,000 French soldiers was intended to link up with a secret organisation of Irish nationalists known as the United Irishmen and provoke a widespread uprising throughout the island. It was hoped that the resulting war would force Britain to make peace with the French Republic or risk losing Ireland altogether. Led by Vice-Admiral Morard de Galles, General Lazare Hoche and leader of the United Irishmen Wolfe Tone, the invasion fleet included 17 ships of the line, 27 other warships and transports and carried extensive field artillery, cavalry and military stores to equip the Irish forces they hoped to raise.
Departure from Brest.
Morard de Galles planned to sail his fleet from the French naval fortress of Brest under cover of darkness, on the night of 15–16 December. The British Channel Fleet normally maintained a squadron off Brest to blockade the port, but its commander, Rear-Admiral John Colpoys, had withdrawn his force from its usual station offshore to northwest of Brest offshore because of severe Atlantic winter gales. The only British ships within sight of Brest were an inshore squadron of frigates under Sir Edward Pellew in , accompanied by , , and the lugger HMS "Duke of York". Pellew was already renowned, having been the first British officer of the war to capture a French frigate: the "Cléopâtre" in 1793. He later captured the frigates "Pomone" and "Virginie" in 1794 and 1796, and saved 500 lives following the shipwreck of the East Indiaman "Dutton" in January 1796. For these actions he had first been knighted and then raised to a baronetcy. "Indefatigable" was a razee, one of the largest frigates in the Royal Navy, originally constructed as a 64-gun third rate and cut down to 44 guns in 1795 to make her fast and powerful enough to catch and fight the largest of French frigates. Armed with 24-pounder cannon on the main decks and 42-pounder carronades on the quarter deck, she had a stronger armament than any equivalent French frigate.
Observing the French fleet's departure from the harbour at dusk, Pellew immediately dispatched "Phoebe" to Colpoys and "Amazon" to the main fleet at Portsmouth with warnings, before approaching the entrance to Brest in "Indefatigable" with the intention of disrupting French movements. Believing that the frigates in the bay must be the forerunners of a larger British force, Morard de Galles attempted to pass his fleet through the Raz de Sein. This channel was a narrow, rocky and dangerous passage, and de Galles used corvettes as temporary light ships that shone blue lights and fired fireworks to direct his main fleet through the channel. Pellew observed this, and sailed the "Indefatigable" right through the French fleet, launching rockets and shining lights at random. This confused the French officers, causing the "Séduisant" to strike the Grand Stevenent rock and sink with the loss of over 680 men from her complement of 1,300. "Séduisant"'s distress flares added to the confusion and delayed the fleet's passage until dawn. His task of observing the enemy completed, Pellew took his remaining squadron to Falmouth, sent a report to the Admiralty by semaphore telegraph, and refitted his ships.
Failure of the Expédition d'Irlande.
During December 1796 and early January 1797, the French fleet repeatedly attempted to land in Ireland. Early in the voyage, the frigate "Fraternité", carrying de Galles and Hoche, was separated from the fleet and missed the rendezvous at Mizen Head. Admiral Bouvet and General Grouchy decided to attempt the landing at Bantry Bay without their commanders, but severe weather made any landing impossible. For more than a week the fleet waited for a break in the storm, until Bouvet abandoned the invasion on 29 December and, after a brief and unsuccessful effort to land at the mouth of the River Shannon, ordered his scattered ships to return to Brest. During the operation and subsequent retreat a further 11 ships were wrecked or captured, with the loss of thousands of soldiers and sailors.
By 13 January most of the survivors of the fleet had limped back to France in a state of disrepair. One ship of the line that remained at sea, the 74-gun "Droits de l'Homme", was commanded by Commodore Jean-Baptiste Raymond de Lacrosse and carried over 1,300 men, 700–800 of them soldiers including General Jean Humbert. Detached from the main body of the fleet during the retreat from Bantry Bay, Lacrosse made his way to the mouth of the Shannon alone. Recognising that the weather was still too violent for a landing to be made, Lacrosse acknowledged the failure of the operation and ordered the ship to return to France, capturing the British privateer "Cumberland" en route.
Chase.
Pellew too was on his way back to Brest in "Indefatigable", accompanied by "Amazon" under the command of Captain Robert Carthew Reynolds. While the rest of the Channel Fleet had been in unsuccessful pursuit of the French, Pellew had had his ships refitted and resupplied at Falmouth so that both frigates were at full complement, well armed and prepared for action. At 13:00 on 13 January, the British ships were approaching the island of Ushant in a heavy fog when they spied another ship through the gloom ahead. This ship, clearly much larger than either of the British vessels, was the "Droits de l'Homme". At the same time, lookouts on the French ship spotted the British, and Lacrosse was faced with the dilemma of whether or not to engage the enemy. He knew that his ship was far larger than either of his opponents, but had earlier spotted sails to westwards he believed to be British and thus considered himself outnumbered and possibly surrounded. British records show that no other British vessels were in the vicinity at the time and it is likely that Lacrosse had seen the French ships "Révolution" and "Fraternité" returning to Brest from Bantry Bay. In addition, Lacrosse was concerned by the increasing gale and rocky lee shoreline, which posed considerable threats to his over-laden vessel, which was already damaged from its winter voyage and carried a regiment of the French Army and General Humbert, neither of which could be placed at risk in an inconsequential naval action.
Determined to avoid battle, Lacrosse turned southeast, hoping to use his wider spread of sail to outrun his opponent in the strong winds. Pellew, however, manoeuvred to cut the "Droits de l'Homme" off from the French coast, at this stage still unsure of the nature of his opponent. As the chase developed, the weather, which had been violent for the entire preceding month, worsened. An Atlantic gale swept the Ushant headland, driving a blizzard eastwards and whipping the sea into a turbulent state, making steering and aiming more difficult. At 16:15, two of "Droits de l'Homme"'s topmasts broke in the strong winds. This dramatically slowed the French ship and allowed Pellew, who had recognised his opponent as a French ship of the line, to close with the "Droits de l'Homme".
Battle.
Pellew was aware that his frigate was heavily outclassed by his much larger opponent, and that "Amazon", which was distant, was not large enough to redress the balance when she did arrive. He correctly assumed, however, that the ocean was too rough to allow Lacrosse to open his lower gunports without the risk that heavy waves would enter them and cause the "Droits de l'Homme" to founder. In fact the French ship was totally unable to open her lower deck gunports during the action: an unusual design feature had the ports lower than was normal and as a result the sea poured in at any attempt to open them, preventing any gunnery at all from the lower deck and halving the ship's firepower. Although this reduced the number of available guns on the French vessel, Lacrosse still held the advantage in terms of size, weight of shot and manpower. The situation was worsened by the loss of the topmasts: this reduced the stability of the French ship, and caused her to roll so severely in the high winds that it was far more difficult to both steer the ship and aim the cannon than on the British vessels.
To the surprise of Lacrosse and his officers, "Indefatigable" did not retreat from the ship of the line, nor did she pass the ship of the line at long-range to leeward as expected. Instead, at 17:30, Pellew closed with the stern of the "Droits de l'Homme" and raked her. Lacrosse turned to meet the threat and opened fire with the guns on the upper deck accompanied by a heavy volley of musket fire from the soldiers on board. Pellew then attempted to pull ahead of "Droits de l'Homme" and rake her bow, to which Lacrosse responded by attempting to ram "Indefatigable". Neither manoeuvre was successful, as "Droits de l'Homme" raked the British ship but caused little damage as most of her shot scattered into the ocean.
"Indefatigable" and "Droits de l'Homme" manoeuvred around one another, exchanging fire when possible until 18:45, when "Amazon" arrived. During this exchange, one of "Droits de l'Homme"'s cannon burst, causing heavy casualties on her packed deck. Approaching the larger French ship with all sail spread, Reynolds closed to within pistol shot before raking the "Droits de l'Homme". Lacrosse responded to this new threat by manoeuvring to bring both British ships to face the westward side of his ship, avoiding becoming trapped in a crossfire. The battle continued until 19:30, when both "Amazon" and "Indefatigable" pulled away from their opponent to make hasty repairs. By 20:30 the frigates had returned to the much slower French ship and began weaving in front of the "Droits de l'Homme"'s bow, repeatedly raking her. Lacrosse's increasingly desperate attempts to ram the British ships were all unsuccessful and what little cannon fire he did manage to deploy was ineffectual, as the rolling of the ship of the line prevented reliable aiming.
By 22:30, the "Droits de l'Homme" was in severe difficulties, with heavy casualties among her crew and passengers and the loss of her mizzenmast to British fire. Observing the battered state of their opponent, Pellew and Reynolds closed on the stern quarters of the French ship, maintaining a high rate of fire that was sporadically returned by "Droits de l'Homme". Having exhausted the 4,000 cannonballs available, Lacrosse was forced to use shells against the frigates. In the high winds, these proved even less effective than solid shot but did drive the frigates to a further distance. With their opponent almost immobilised, the British frigates were able to remain outside her arc of fire, effect repairs when necessary and secure guns that had broken loose in the heavy seas. For the rest of the night the three battered ships remained locked in a close range duel, until suddenly, at 04:20, land was spotted just to leeward by Lieutenant George Bell of the "Indefatigable".
Shipwrecks.
Pellew immediately turned seawards in an effort to escape the shore and signalled Reynolds to follow suit. Although both ships had suffered severe damage from the battle and weather, they were able to make the turn away from land, "Amazon" to the north and "Indefatigable", at the insistence of its Breton pilot, to the south. Initially it was believed that the land spotted was the island of Ushant, which would have given the ships plenty of sea-room in which to manoeuvre. However at 06:30, with the sky lightening, it became apparent on the "Indefatigable" that there were breakers to the south and east, indicating that the three ships had drifted during the night into Audierne Bay. On discovering his situation, Pellew determined to bring his ship westwards, attempting to work his ship out of danger against the wind. Hasty repairs had to be made to the damaged rigging before it was safe to alter course. Due to her northwards turn, "Amazon" had even less room to manoeuvre than "Indefatigable" and by 05:00 she had struck upright on a sandbank. Efforts to bring her off failed and at 08:00 Reynolds ordered his men to prepare to abandon the ship.
"Droits de l'Homme" had been more seriously damaged than the British frigates, and closer to shore at the time land was spotted. As Lacrosse's crew made desperate efforts to turn southwards, the ship's foremast and bowsprit collapsed under the pressure of the wind. With the ship virtually unmanageable, Lacrosse ordered anchors lowered in an attempt to hold the ship in position until repairs could be made. This effort was futile, as all but two anchors had been lost during efforts to hold position in Bantry Bay, and British gunfire had snapped one of the remaining anchor's cables and rendered it useless. The final anchor was deployed, but it failed to restrain the ship and at 07:00 (according to the French account), the "Droits de l'Homme" struck a sandbank close to the town of Plozévet. This broke off the remaining mast and caused the ship to heel over onto her side.
HMS "Amazon".
As daylight broke over Audierne Bay, crowds of locals gathered on the beach. The "Droits de l'Homme" lay on her side directly opposite the town of Plozévet, with large waves breaking over her hull; to the north, "Amazon" stood upright on a sandbar, her crew launching boats in an effort to reach the shore, while "Indefatigable" was the only ship still afloat, rounding the Penmarck Rocks at the southern edge of the bay at 11:00. On board the "Amazon", Reynolds maintained discipline and only six men disobeyed his orders to launch the boats in an orderly fashion and build rafts in which to bring the entire crew safely off. These six stole a launch and attempted to reach the shore alone but were swept away. Their boat was capsized by the waves, and all six drowned. The remaining crew, including those wounded in the previous night's action, were safely brought ashore by 09:00, where they were made prisoners of war by the French authorities.
"Droits de l'Homme".
"Droits de l'Homme" was irreparably damaged. Each successive wave swept more men into the water and desperate attempts to launch boats failed when the small craft were swept away by the waves and broken in the surf. Rafts were constructed, but several were swamped in attempts to carry a rope to the shore and the men on the raft that remained upright were forced to cut the rope to prevent them from foundering in the heavy seas. Some of the men on this raft reached the beach, the first survivors of the wreck. Subsequent attempts were made by men to swim to shore with ropes, but they were either drowned or driven back to the ship by the force of the sea. With no aid possible from the shore, night fell on 14 January with most of the crew and passengers still aboard. During the night, the waves stove in the stern of the ship, flooding much of the interior. On the morning of 15 January, a small boat carrying nine British prisoners from the "Cumberland" managed to reach shore, which prompted a mass launching of small rafts from the wreck in hopes of gaining the beach. However the waves increased once more, and not one of these small craft survived the passage.
By the morning of 16 January, hunger and panic had taken over on the wreck, and when a large raft carrying the wounded, two women and six children was launched during a lull in the weather, over 120 unwounded men scrambled to board it. This severely overloaded the craft and within minutes a large wave struck the heavy raft and capsized it, drowning all aboard. By the evening the survivors, without food or fresh water, began to succumb to exposure and at least one officer drowned in a desperate attempt to swim to shore. Through the night, the survivors gathered on the less exposed parts of the hull, and in the hope of staving off death by dehydration, drank sea water, urine, or vinegar from a small barrel that had floated up from the hold. The morning of 17 January finally saw a reduction in the storm and the arrival of a small French naval brig, the "Arrogante". This ship could not come too close without risk of grounding but sent her boats to the wreck in the hope of bringing off survivors. The brig was joined later in the day by the cutter "Aiguille".
On the "Droits de l'Homme", many survivors were too weak to make the dangerous attempt to reach the boats and a number of men fell from the hull and drowned in the attempt. Many more could not find room in the small boats, and only 150 were rescued on 17 January. The following morning, when the boats returned, they found just another 140 survivors, at least as many again having died during the night. The last people to leave the ship were Jean Humbert and Jean-Baptiste Lacrosse. Taken to Brest, the survivors were fed and clothed and given medical treatment. All the surviving prisoners from the "Cumberland" were returned to Britain, in recognition of their efforts to save lives from the shipwreck.
Aftermath.
"Amazon" lost three in the battle and six in her wreck, with 15 wounded, while "Indefatigable" did not lose a single man killed, suffering only 18 wounded. The discrepancy in losses during the action is likely due to the extreme difficulty the French crew had in aiming their guns given their ship's instability in heavy seas.
Reynolds and his officers were exchanged for French prisoners some weeks later and in the routine court-martial investigating the loss of their ship were honourably acquitted "with every sentiment of the court's highest approbation." Reynolds was subsequently appointed to the large frigate HMS "Pomone". The senior lieutenants of each frigate were promoted to commander and head money (prize money based on the number of the enemy's crew and awarded when the defeated ship was destroyed) was distributed among the crews. Pellew remained in command of "Indefatigable" off Brest for another year and seized a number of French merchant ships. He was later promoted several times and by the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 had become Lord Exmouth, Commander in Chief of the Mediterranean Fleet. Reynolds did not survive the war, dying in the wreck of HMS "St George" in 1811. Lacrosse and Humbert were not censured for the loss of their ship: the commodore was promoted to admiral and later became ambassador to Spain, while Humbert led the next and equally unsuccessful attempt to invade Ireland, surrendering at the Battle of Ballinamuck in 1798.
In Britain, the action was lauded at the time and since: First Lord of the Admiralty Lord Spencer described the operation as "an exploit which has not I believe ever before graced our naval Annals". Historian James Henderson says of the action: "It was a feat of arms and seamanship such as had never been done before, and never was done again," and Richard Woodman calls it "a dazzling display of seamanship by all concerned in the alternating darkness and moonlight of a boisterous night". Five decades later the battle was among the actions recognised by the Naval General Service Medal, with clasps "Indefatigable 13 Jany. 1797" and "Amazon 13 Jany. 1797", awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847.
Notes.
Patrick O'Brian's novel "The Yellow Admiral" includes a retelling of Pellew's destruction of the Droits de l'Homme and a picture of the Brest blockade in the closing days of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19156081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156081" title="Surendra Pal">
Surendra Pal

Surendra Pal (Born: 1953, Lucknow, Uttar pradesh) is an Indian film and television character actor who is best known for his television roles of Dronacharya in "Mahabharat", Amatya Rakshas in "Chanakya", Tamraj Kilvish in "Shaktiman" and Daksha in Devon Ke Dev - Mahadev. Surendra Pal was born in 1953.
Starting in 1984, Pal has worked in numerous films ("Khuda Gawah", "Sehar" and "Jodhaa Akbar") and television serials such as "Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki", "Left Right Left" and "Vishnu Puran" where he played the role of Guru Shukracharya, teacher of the demons.
One of his most notable roles on TV was that of Vikranta Jabbar. He played Vikranta Jabbar in Ramsay Brothers produced horror TV serial "Zee Horror Show"'s episode "Saya."
In 2007, Pal started a production company to produce and direct Bhojpuri films.

</doc>
<doc id="19156082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156082" title="Checkmates in the opening">
Checkmates in the opening

In chess, checkmates in the opening are examples of a player being checkmated during the first few moves of the game (i.e. in the opening). Some common or notable mating patterns have names of their own. These include Fool's mate, Scholar's mate, smothered mate, the back rank checkmate, Boden's mate, Epaulette mate, and Légal's mate.
Quick checkmates.
Some opening traps involve an early checkmate. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19156101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156101" title="Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres">
Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres

The Men's 400 metres at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California had an entry list of 76 competitors, with ten qualifying heats (76), four quarterfinals (32) and two semi-finals (16), before the final (7) took off.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Results.
Semifinals.
<br>
Quarterfinals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Preliminary Heats.
<br>
In popular culture.
In the UK TV show "Little Britain", character Denver Mills is credited as having won the silver medal in the 400 metres at the 1984 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19156113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156113" title="Restroom Association">
Restroom Association

The Restroom Association, a non-profit, non-government organisation, was set up in year 1998 by the founder, Mr Jack Sim. The current president of the organisation is Ms Tan Puay Hoon. Till date, RAS have great support from the 3Ps which are the public, private and people sector.
In RAS, they have four main pillars namely the Community, Outreach and Education, Research Development and Training and Standards.
RAS strongly believe in advocating clean toilets for everyone.
LOO Campaign.
The LOO Campaign launch in Singapore Zoological Garden (Pavilion by the Lake) was a successful one. This campaign aims to have at least 70% clean public toilets attaining 3 STARS by 2010.
On 3 December 2010, a three-day LOO Carnival was organised by RAS and held at the National Library building.

</doc>
<doc id="19156120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156120" title="Steve McQueen (disambiguation)">
Steve McQueen (disambiguation)

Steve McQueen (1930–1980) was an American actor, who appeared in 1960s and 1970s films.
Steve McQueen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156123" title="Daily Post">
Daily Post

Daily Post may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156132" title="Todok">
Todok

Todok or Todog, known in Chinese as Tuotuo Township (Chinese: , p "Tuōtuōxiāng"), is a rural township in Jinghe County in Xinjiang, the northwestern province of the People's Republic of China.
In the early 19th century, it was recorded as the northwestern boundary of the sandy desert in Xinjiang.

</doc>
<doc id="19156148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156148" title="Antonio Marcel Green">
Antonio Marcel Green

Antonio Marcel (Tony) Green is a rally sport driver from New Zealand.
Biography.
Tony arrived in Europe in May 1999 where he worked as a professional motorsport driver coach. Tony has coached thousands of private and corporate clients and has been called upon to train PWRC, drift and race drivers all over the world. His career has allowed him to drive rally, drift and race cars daily, which has helped him to understand all three driving techniques, making him a competitive and versatile driver in many disciplines.
After committing nine years to motorsport activities within the UK, Tony Green secured a contract in 2008 with Chinese rally team FCACA.
Competitive history.
Career Overview.
27th place overall - Thurlby Wolds Stage Rally - UK 2000
DNF - BTRDA - Red Dragon Rally Stages - UK - (oil pump failure) 2003
3rd Overall - Autocar Magazine, Sideways Challenge - Brands Hatch Circuit - UK 2004
9th - class B10 - North Humberside Forest Rally - UK - (no brakes) 2005
DNF- Somerset Stages Rally - (gearbox failure) - UK 2005
2nd Overall - British Championship - Gwynedd International Rally of Wales 2005
8th Group N - BTRDA Championship - Red Dragon Rally - UK 2005
5th Group N - BTRDA Championship - Dukeries Rally - UK 2005
DNF - BTRDA Championship - Quinton Stages Rally - UK - (3 broken axles) 2005
Awarded the Motorsport Association, INTERNATIONAL RALLY LICENCE 2005
Performed at RallyDay - Castle Combe Circuit - UK 2005
DNF - Wales Rally of Great Britain - World Rally Championship 2005
gearbox and differential failure + accident
Awarded D1 Great Britain Professional Drift Licence 2006
10th Overall - D1 Great Britain - Round 4 - Silverstone Circuit 2006
7th Overall - D1 Great Britain - Round 5 - Silverstone Circuit 2006
Demonstrated Drifting at Circuit-de-Catalunya - Barcelona 2006
Demonstration of the Prodrive Group N12 Subaru Impreza - China 2006
Performed at the Autosport International Motorsport Show - UK 2007
Demonstrated Drifting at Japfest - Castle Combe - UK - (caught fire) 2007
4th Overall - European Drift Championship - Silverstone Circuit 2007
Demonstrated the Mitsubishi Evo 9 - Silverstone Circuit 2007
2nd Overall - Eurodrift Championship - Round 5 - Teesside Circuit - UK 2007
4th Overall - European Drift Championship - Round 3 - Knock Hill Circuit - Scotland 2007
2nd Overall - Shanghai round of China Rally Championship (Tarmac rally) (CRC) 2008
DNF New Zealand round of the PWRC/NZ Rally Championship (Gravel) 2008
Key moments in Tony's Career.
2002–2004 : From 2002 to 2004 Tony competed in various competitions throughout the UK, including a 3rd placing in the AutoCar sideways challenge and the BTRDA in the Red Dragon Rally in his privately built and entered AE86 Toyota Corolla
2005 : Competed in six British national championship rounds Rally GB and Wales rally GB.
2006 : Demonstrated Prodrive’s N12 Subaru Impreza at Longyou, the final round of the China Rally Championship (CRC).
2006/07: Was also spent actively pursuing backing to compete at the World Rally level while drifting in the professional D1Great Britain and European Drift Championships.
2007 : While competing in the 2007 EDC Tony was working behind the scenes negotiating with the Shanghai based Team FCACA Rally team to become their number one driver and team consultant.
2007 : Australian Co-Driver John Allen partners with Tony Green for team FCACA.
2008 : Current placed 2nd overall in the China Rally Championship.
2008 : Completing the China Rally Championship and topping the foreign drivers points table in the 1st year.

</doc>
<doc id="19156149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156149" title="Paul Heller">
Paul Heller

Paul Heller (also known as Paul M. Heller) is an American film producer residing in Southern California. His best movies known include "Enter the Dragon", "My Left Foot", "The Annihilation of Fish", "Skin Games", "Hot Potato", "The Promise", "The Barony", "Black Belt Jones", and "David and Lisa".
Biography.
Film Production.
His debut as a film producer was "David and Lisa", which received two Oscar nominations and innumerable awards. He was the executive producer of 1990's Oscar winner, "My Left Foot", which earned five Academy Award nominations and Oscars for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress.
Heller's commitment to high quality films has been the hallmark of his career. His film, "The Eavesdropper" won acclaim as Best Film at Mar del Plata and honors at both the New York and London Film Festivals. It was also nominated for Best Foreign Film at the French Awards, as was his film "Secret Ceremony", starring Elizabeth Taylor and Mia Farrow.
Although Heller worked as a successful Warner Bros. executive, overseeing such films as "Skin Game", starring James Garner, and "Dirty Harry", starring Clint Eastwood, he prefers the life of the independent producer. In that role he is able to combine the goal of making quality films with his love of hands-on involvement in the process of film-making. A process that has so far created and developed over 30 feature films and numerous projects in allied fields.
In 1973, Heller founded Sequoia Pictures, Inc., a production house affiliated with Warner Bros.. The company's first production was "Enter the Dragon", the film that set off the explosion of interest in the martial arts genre and which introduced Bruce Lee to the international film market place. Eleven more films followed with an unprecedented financial success rate.
His production company, Paul Heller Productions produced "First Monday in October", starring Walter Matthau and Jill Clayburgh, and more recently the critically acclaimed British film, "Withnail & I", written and directed by Bruce Robinson. He was the ground breaker in the cable TV feature market, producing the first made-for-cable feature film, "Falcon's Gold", and then, Showtime's, "Pygmalion", starring Peter O'Toole and Margot Kidder.
Heller now only makes pictures that delight him from the first reading of the script. Following "The Annihilation of Fish", is another film with writer-director Bruce Robinson, entitled "The Block".
Television Production.
Heller first has produced a television movie "Wait Until Dark", which is distributed by Warner Bros. and HBO in 1982. In the same year, he has produced CBS Television and Showtime's "Falcon's Gold". In 1998, he was involved in ABC's "David and Lisa", produced with Oprah's Harpo Productions.
During this time, Heller renewed his interest in teaching promising young students of film. Heller was approached by the American Film Institute to develop a producing program for their new school in Los Angeles, the American Film Institute Center for Advanced Studies. He had previously taught Film and Television Design at both New York University and Columbia University, and founded the Community Film Workshop Council with the American Film Institute.
This was followed, over the years, by lectures at conferences and by teaching two "Master Programs" in Producing at The University of California, Los Angeles. He currently heads the Education and Outreach Committee of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, Los Angeles.
Philanthropic Activities.
In 1989, Heller founded ASK Theatre, a nonprofit group dedicated to new plays and playwrights, which works together with the Mark Taper Theatre in Los Angeles, The Royal Court Theatre in London and Lincoln Center in New York. He is also a member of the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and serves on the board of directors of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts as well as on the board of the Hearst Castle Preservation Foundation. He is a member of the United Scenic Artists, the Directors Guild and the Screen Actors Guild.
In October 2010, Heller made an opening remark for the Koyamada Foundation's "United States Martial Arts Festival" at the Redondo Beach Performing Arts Center in Redondo Beach, California. Heller serves as the Board of Directors of the Koyamada Foundation.
Multimedia and theatrical.
Heller has been a pioneer in the field of multimedia and theatrical presentations. His productions include The New York Experience, which played for sixteen highly successful years at Rockefeller Center, and The South Street Venture, a popular attraction for seven years at the Dockland of New York City. He has recently completed the extensive audiovisual and multimedia exhibits for the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles and expects to begin work on the Hong Kong Museum of History in the near future.
Filmography (producer).
Films.
Released:

</doc>
<doc id="19156163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156163" title="Allendale Academy">
Allendale Academy

Allendale Academy is a nationwide virtual private school for K-12 grade students and offers parents the opportunity to homeschool their children framework of an umbrella school.
Located in Clearwater, Florida and founded in 1985, Allendale Academy offers record maintenance, testing options, curriculum advice, PSAT, SAT, & ACT information and guidance available and diplomas upon graduation. Allendale Academy provides the registration and documentation (report cards, attendance forms, and transcripts) that satisfy most states' requirements for private education, thus taking this burden off of parents to allow them to focus on teaching their children.
Affiliations.
Allendale Academy is registered with the following organizations:
- Florida Department of Education
- College Board
- NCAA - National Collegiate Athletic Association
- Bright Futures
- FLVS - Florida Virtual School
- FPEA - Florida Parent Educators Association

</doc>
<doc id="19156168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156168" title="Pointe Coupee Parish School Board">
Pointe Coupee Parish School Board

Pointe Coupee Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in unincorporated Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The district serves Pointe Coupee Parish.
Former schools.
High schools.
Transferred to other ownership
Closed

</doc>
<doc id="19156186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156186" title="Adrian Peterson">
Adrian Peterson

Adrian Lewis Peterson (born March 21, 1985), nicknamed "All Day," "A. D.," "A. P.," or "Purple Jesus," is an American football running back for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). Peterson was selected by the Vikings with the seventh overall pick in the 2007 NFL Draft. Peterson played college football for the University of Oklahoma, and set the NCAA freshman rushing record with 1,925 yards as a true freshman during the 2004 season. As a unanimous first-team All-American, he became the first freshman to finish as the runner-up in the Heisman Trophy balloting. Peterson finished his college football career as the Sooners' third all-time leading rusher.
Following his first pro season, in which he set an NFL record for most rushing yards in a single game (296), Peterson was named the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year. He was then awarded the MVP award for his performance in the Pro Bowl and became only the fifth player in NFL history to have more than 3,000 yards through his first two seasons. In 2010, he became the fifth fastest player to run for 5,000 yards, doing so in his 51st game. In 2012, Peterson became the sixth fastest player to reach 8,000 rushing yards, ending the season with 2,097 rushing yards, just nine yards shy of breaking Eric Dickerson's single season all-time record. Peterson amassed 2,314 all-purpose yards from scrimmage in 2012, tying Marcus Allen for the eighth-highest total ever. For his efforts, he received the NFL MVP Award and the AP NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award for the 2012 NFL season. Peterson also achieved the #1 spot on the NFL Network's Top 100 Players of 2013. In the 2013-2014 season, Peterson became the 3rd fastest player to reach 10,000 rushing yards in NFL history.
Early years.
Peterson was born in Palestine, Texas, to Bonita Brown and Nelson Peterson, who were also star athletes in college. His father was a shooting guard for Idaho State, but his dream of an NBA career was derailed when a gun that his brother was cleaning discharged into his leg. His mother, a three-time Texas state champion at Westwood High School, attended the University of Houston on an athletic scholarship and was a sprinter and long jumper. Peterson's best friend was his older brother Brian. Peterson's father nicknamed him "All Day," because his father said he could go all day.
Peterson is also the nephew of Ivory Lee Brown (a former NFL running back).
At age 7, Adrian saw his 9-year-old brother Brian killed by a drunk driver as he rode his bicycle. It was around that time that Peterson began to deal with his pain through sports and became interested in football. He was the star of the Pee Wee football team coached by his father and played in the popular Pop Warner Football program when he was 12. When Peterson was 13, his father was arrested for laundering money for a crack cocaine ring.
Peterson continued his interest in athletics into high school, where he competed in track and field, posting a wind-assisted time of 10.33 seconds in the 100 meters (he has stated he has also posted a time of 10.19 seconds), 21.23 seconds in the 200 meters and 47.6 seconds in the 400 meters, basketball, and football at Palestine High School. Peterson was most notable in football, which he played during his junior and senior years. During his sophomore year, he was not eligible to play for the Palestine High varsity football team. Peterson's 2002–2003 campaign as a junior ended with 2,051 yards on 246 carries, an average of 8.3 yards per carry, and 22 touchdowns. It was during his junior year that he began to attract the attention of Division I recruiters and realized he would likely have his pick of colleges after his senior year.
As a senior in 2003–2004, he rushed for 2,960 yards on 252 attempts, an average of 11.7 yards per carry, and 32 touchdowns. After a game, players from the other team asked for his autograph. Following Maurice Clarett's unsuccessful attempt to sue the NFL over its age limit in 2004, there was considerable debate over whether any high school football player might be able to make the leap from the preps to the pro game. The player most frequently mentioned was Peterson.
After considering schools such as Texas, Texas A&M, UCLA, Arkansas, and Miami, he decided that he wanted to go to a school where he could be a difference-maker in a national championship run and narrowed his choices down to USC and Oklahoma. Concluding his high school football career at the annual U.S. Army All-American Bowl, he led the West squad with 95 yards on 9 carries and scored 2 touchdowns, and announced at the game that he would attend college at Oklahoma. Following his senior season, he was awarded the Hall Trophy as the U.S. Army National Player of the Year. In addition, he was named the top high school player by "College Football News" and "Rivals.com".
College career.
Freshman season.
Peterson attended the University of Oklahoma, where he played for coach Bob Stoops' Oklahoma Sooners football team from 2004 to 2006. During his freshman season at Oklahoma, Peterson broke several NCAA freshman rushing records, rushing for 1,925 yards and leading the nation in carries with 339. In the first nine games of the season, he rushed for more than 100-yards, which is a freshman record. He rushed for 100 yards in the season opener against Bowling Green, 117 yards against Houston, 183 yards against Oregon, 146 yards against Texas Tech, 225 yards against Texas, 130 yards against Kansas State, and 122 yards against Kansas.
Against Oklahoma State on October 30, 2004, Peterson had an 80-yard touchdown run and rushed for 161 yards in the third quarter, finishing with a career-high 249 yards. Despite dislocating his left shoulder in the first half, he managed to run for 101 yards and a touchdown on 29 carries, his ninth straight 100-yard game, against Texas A&M. In the next game, he saw little action because of his shoulder injury and finished with 58 yards, which ended his streak of consecutive games with at least 100 yards rushing at 9. In a game versus Baylor, Peterson ran for 240 yards, including three second-half touchdowns, and set the NCAA record for most 100-yard games by a freshman with 11 against Colorado. Oklahoma, who were one of the poorest rushing teams the year before, became one of the nation’s best.
Despite his record-breaking season, he finished second to USC quarterback Matt Leinart in the Heisman Trophy voting. Among other honors, he was a finalist for the Doak Walker Award, and the first Oklahoma freshman recognized as a First-Team "Associated Press" All-American. Peterson contributed to a perfect regular season for the Oklahoma Sooners and participated in the 2005 BCS National Championship Game with a berth to the 2005 Orange Bowl against USC Trojans. USC retooled their defense to stop Peterson and limited him to just 82 yards, as the Trojans defeated the Sooners, 55–19. USC later vacated the win due to NCAA infractions. After the season, he had surgery on his left shoulder to strengthen the muscles around the joint.
Sophomore season.
In 2005, Peterson's playing time was limited by a broken foot. He injured his ankle in the first Big 12 Conference game of the season against Kansas State University. Despite missing time in four games, he rushed for 1,208 yards and 14 touchdowns on 220 carries, finishing second in Big 12 rushing yardage. His 2005 season was also notable for a career-long 84-yard touchdown run against Oklahoma State University. Oklahoma finished the season with an 8–4 record, the worst season since 1999. They finished third in the Big 12 behind the Texas Longhorns and the Texas Tech Red Raiders. The Sooners would represent the Big 12 in the Holiday Bowl where they defeated the sixth-ranked Oregon Ducks, 17–14. On July 11, 2007, the NCAA announced the Sooners would have to vacate all victories from the 2005 season, including the bowl game, due to NCAA violations; however, the decision was partially overturned in February 2008, and the NCAA reinstated the Sooners' 8–4 record from the season. Upon the conclusion of the season, he was named a member of the All-Big 12 Conference team.
Junior season.
Peterson's father, Nelson Peterson, was released from prison during the 2006 college football season and was able to watch his son as a spectator for the first time on October 14, 2006, when Oklahoma played Iowa State University. Oklahoma defeated Iowa State in that game, however, on the final drive for the Sooners, Peterson broke his collar bone when he attempted to dive into the end zone on a 53-yard touchdown run. During a press conference on October 18, Peterson said he was told by doctors to expect to be out for 4–6 weeks. At the time of the injury, Peterson needed only to gain 150 yards to pass Billy Sims as the University of Oklahoma's all-time leading rusher. He was unable to return for the rest of the Sooners' regular season and missed seven games. The Sooners would turn to Allen Patrick, a junior, and Chris Brown, a freshman to replace Peterson. The team went on a seven game winning streak including winning the Big 12 Championship game against the Nebraska Cornhuskers. He returned for their last game against Boise State in the 2007 Fiesta Bowl, where he rushed for 77 yards and a touchdown. He refused to discuss his plans beyond the end of this season with the press. He concluded his college football career with 1,112 rushing yards his final season, even after missing multiple games due to injury for a total of 4,245 rushing yards (only three seasons). He was 73 yards short of passing Billy Sims as Oklahoma's all-time leading rusher.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
On January 15, 2007, Peterson declared that he would forego his senior year of college and enter the 2007 NFL Draft. Coming into the league, he was known as a tall, upright runner possessing a rare combination of speed, strength, agility, size, and vision, along with a highly aggressive running style. His rare talent as both a great breakaway and power runner has often raised comparisons to past legends, including Eric Dickerson, Walter Payton, Gale Sayers, O. J. Simpson, Franco Harris and Jim Brown. Concerns about his injuries suffered during college were noted by the media and potential NFL teams. He started 22 out of 31 games in his college career and had a dislocated shoulder his first year (although he did not miss any games), a high ankle sprain his sophomore year, and a broken collarbone his final year at Oklahoma. His durability was a consideration for at least two teams in their draft analysis, which impacted selection position. Prior to the 2007 NFL Draft, Peterson was compared by professional football scouts to Eric Dickerson. ESPN NFL Draft analyst Mel Kiper, Jr. said of Peterson, "You can make the argument, is the best player in this draft, if not, certainly one of the top three."
Minnesota Vikings.
On April 28, 2007, Peterson was selected by the Minnesota Vikings with the seventh overall pick in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft. Peterson was the first running back selected during the year's draft. At a press conference during the draft, Peterson announced, "My collarbone, I would say it's 90% healed. A lot of teams know that, and I don't see it stopping me from being prepared for the season."
Peterson believed he was a player that a franchise could build around. In an interview with IGN following the NFL Draft, he said, "I'm a player who is coming in with the determination to turn a team around. I want to help my team get to the playoffs, win...and run wild. I want to bring people to the stands. I want people to come to the game to see what I can do next. Things like that can change the whole attitude of an organization. I want to win." He later told the "Star Tribune" in an interview, "I want to be the best player to ever play this game." Nearly three months after being drafted, he was signed by the Vikings on July 29, 2007. His contract was worth US$40.5 million over six years, with $17 million guaranteed.
2007: Rookie Year.
Peterson began his outstanding rookie season with high expectations for himself; he announced ambitious goals including being named Offensive Rookie of the Year and rushing for over 1,300 yards during the course of the year. The NFL's rushing record for a rookie was formerly held by Eric Dickerson at 1,808 yards. Just 11 weeks into his rookie season with the Vikings, Peterson was well on his way to Dickerson's record and considered one of the elite running backs in the NFL.
On August 10, Peterson made his professional debut in a preseason game against the St. Louis Rams. Peterson ran for 33 yards on 11 carries with 1 catch for 2 yards. On September 9, 2007, Peterson ran for 103 yards on 19 carries in his first NFL regular season game against the Atlanta Falcons. In addition to his rushing yardage, he scored his first professional football touchdown on a 60-yard pass reception. Over his first three regular season games, his 431 yards (271 rushing & 160 receiving) from scrimmage are a team record. For his performance during the three games, Peterson received the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Month award for both September and October 2007.
His breakout game as a professional came on October 14, 2007 against the Chicago Bears, highlighted by a three-touchdown performance and a then-franchise record of 224 yards rushing on 20 carries. Peterson established additional team records for a rookie during this game, which included the most 100-yard games rushing and the longest touchdown run from scrimmage. He also set an NFL rookie record with 361 all-purpose yards in a single game. His 607 rushing yards through the first five games of the season is second in NFL history to Eric Dickerson. Following Peterson's record performance, Deion Sanders, now an NFL Network analyst, said about him: "He has the vision of a Marshall Faulk, the power of an Earl Campbell, and the speed of an Eric Dickerson. Let's pray he has the endurance of an Emmitt Smith." He has also been compared to Walter Payton and Tony Dorsett by "Star Tribune" sports journalist Jim Souhan.
Three weeks later, on November 4, 2007, Peterson broke his own franchise record as well as the NFL single game rushing yard record (previously held by Jamal Lewis since 2003) when he rushed for 296 yards on 30 carries and 3 touchdowns against the San Diego Chargers in a home game in Minneapolis. That game was his second game of over 200 yards rushing, a feat no other rookie has ever accomplished in a season. In addition to the NFL rushing record in a single game, it took him past 1,000 yards rushing for the year after just eight games. His 1,036 rushing yards represents the best eight-game performance by a rookie in NFL history.
In honor of Peterson's record-breaking performance against the San Diego Chargers, the jersey he wore that day was sent to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. On November 11, 2007, just a week later, Peterson injured the lateral collateral ligament in his right knee in a game against the Green Bay Packers. The injury occurred in the third quarter of a 34–0 defeat at Lambeau Field on a low tackle by Packers cornerback Al Harris. Almost a month after the injury, Peterson returned to action on December 2, 2007 against the Detroit Lions scoring 2 touchdowns and rushing for 116 yards.
On December 17, Peterson played in his first Monday Night Football game, where he had 78 yards rushing, 17 yards receiving and 2 TDs. The next day he was named as the starting running back for the 2008 NFC Pro Bowl team. On January 2, he was named The Associated Press NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year.
On February 10, 2008, Peterson won the 2008 NFL Pro Bowl MVP award with 16 carries for 129 yards rushing along with 2 touchdowns. The 129 yards rushing was the 2nd most in Pro Bowl history. He was the first rookie since Marshall Faulk in 1994 to win the Pro Bowl MVP award. Peterson and Faulk are currently the only NFL players to win both the NFL Pro Bowl MVP and Rookie of the Year awards in the same year. Peterson finished in second place in rushing yards (1341) in the 2007 season behind LaDainian Tomlinson, who finished with 1474 rushing yards.
2008 season.
Peterson and the Vikings entered the 2008 season with high expectations and as he did during his rookie season, Peterson set high goals for himself including a 2,000-yard campaign and the NFL MVP award. Questions remained as to Peterson's durability and the ability of the Vikings offense to take the focus of opposing defenses off Peterson.
Peterson and the Vikings began the season with a 24–19 loss to the Green Bay Packers. He finished with 103 yards on 19 carries along with a touchdown. In the following loss to the Indianapolis Colts, Peterson rushed for a then season-high 160 yards on 29 carries, and also recorded 4 receptions for 20 yards. However, Peterson was held to 77 yards on 17 carries and no score in their 20–10 win against the Carolina Panthers, partly because of a hamstring injury suffered the previous week. In the next game, a loss to Tennessee, Peterson rushed 18 times for 80 yards and scored 2 touchdowns along with 4 receptions for 21 yards. In the 30–27 win over the New Orleans Saints, Peterson was held to 32 yards on 21 carries, a 1.5 average. Against the Detroit Lions in the following week, Peterson rushed 25 times for 111 yards, but lost 2 fumbles. However, Peterson bounced back from the fumbles the following week against the Bears, totaling 22 carries for 121 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Following a bye week, Peterson rushed 25 times for 139 yards and a touchdown in a victory over Houston. The contest marked the third straight 100-yard rushing game for Peterson and the Vikings. As of week 8, Peterson was second in the NFL in rushing yards with 823 yards, 172 yards behind Clinton Portis. In week 10, on Sunday, November 9, Peterson played in a victory against the Green Bay Packers 28–27. He had 30 carries for 192 yards. His longest run was 29 yards; the run was the game-winning touchdown. He averaged 6.4 yards per carry and also had 3 receptions. Peterson's stellar performance put him in the top spot for rushing yards this season, with 1015 yards.
Week 11 saw the Minnesota Vikings (5–4) at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (6–3). Tampa Bay was coming off a bye week and was a notoriously difficult team to run against. Peterson was limited to 85 yards on just 19 carries, as the Vikings struggled to produce offense. In Week 12 Peterson was benched the first two offensive series vs. the Jaguars for being late to a team meeting, although he did amass 80 rushing yards and a TD. At the end of Week 12, Peterson became the NFL league leader for rushing yards again with 1,311 yards. Following Week 16, Peterson had 1,657 yards which led the league, and it was announced on December 18, Peterson would be the starting running back for the NFC Pro Bowl team. In his final regular season game in 2008, Peterson ran for 103 yards 21 carries, including a 67 yard touchdown run.
Peterson finished the season leading the league in rushing with 1,760 yards, which marks the third-most yards in a sophomore season behind Eric Dickerson's 2,105 yard season, and Chris Johnson's 2,006-yard season one year later. In Peterson's first 30 games he had 3,101 yards, which marks the 3rd best start to a career for running backs behind Eric Dickerson with 3,600 yards and Jim Brown with 3,144 yards. He became the fourth running back to lead the league in yards per game in his first two seasons along with Jim Brown, Earl Campbell, and Eric Dickerson. On January 14, 2009, Peterson was named to his second AP All-Pro team in two years.
2009 season.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season, analysts of both the NFL Network and ESPN unanimously named Peterson the best running back in the NFL today. However, the arrival of Brett Favre, one of the greatest quarterbacks in NFL history, coming out of retirement brought both expectation and speculation about Peterson's new role in the offense. Head Coach Brad Childress, however, stated that he wanted to continue leaning on Peterson, giving him a large number of carries. Favre worked well into the offense through the first half of the season, re-establishing Peterson's ability with a passing attack. Peterson had 917 rushing yards through Week 10, while the Vikings had a record of 8–1.
Peterson opened the season by rushing for 180 yards on 25 carries and 3 touchdowns against the Cleveland Browns, setting a new Vikings franchise record for opening day rushing. He again broke the hundred-yard barrier in week 6 against the Baltimore Ravens, with 143 yards and 22 carries. His next 100-yard effort came against the Lions, with 133 yards on 18 carries, and he was named the FedEx Ground Player of the Week.
In the playoffs, Minnesota defeated the Dallas Cowboys 34–3, but then lost to the Saints in an overtime thriller 31–28. Peterson rushed for 122 yards and 3 touchdowns. Peterson finished the year fifth in rushing and lost Fed-Ex Ground player of the year to Chris Johnson who had over 2,000 yards rushing on the 2009 season. Peterson was voted to the Pro Bowl December 29 as the starting running back for the NFC team.
2010 season.
Peterson opened strongly in 2010, with 392 yards and 3 touchdowns through the first 3 weeks. In week 6, he went over the 5,000 yard career rushing mark against the Dallas Cowboys. At week 7, Peterson was second in the league with 684 yards, averaging 114 yards per game, but the Vikings had dropped to a disappointing mark of 2–4. By Week 16, Peterson had rushed for 1,267 yards with 12 touchdowns, as the Vikings improved to a 6–9 record. Peterson, who was infamous for fumbling the ball in previous seasons, had a dramatic change in the 2010 season with only one fumble during the regular season, a remarkable turnaround from his previous performances. While the Vikings missed the playoffs, Peterson represented his team in the Pro Bowl. Peterson thus far has been selected to the Pro Bowl every year he has played in the NFL. During the game, Peterson contributed 80 rushing yards and a touchdown in a 55–41 NFC win. After the season, Peterson was voted the #1 running back and #3 player overall on NFL Network's list of the Top 100 Players of 2011 as selected exclusively by NFL players.
2011 season.
According to NFL.com, Peterson was ranked as the third best player in the NFL for the 2011 season, behind Tom Brady and Peyton Manning.
On September 10, 2011 the Vikings signed Peterson for $96 million over the course of seven seasons, making him the highest paid running back in NFL history. Peterson reached the 6,000-yard milestone on September 18, 2011 in a loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. On October 9, Peterson scored three touchdowns in the first quarter against the Arizona Cardinals, setting a new franchise record. He would later earn NFC Offensive Player of the Week honors for his performance during the game.
In a week 10 contest against the Oakland Raiders, Peterson suffered a high ankle sprain late in the first quarter, he was then later ruled out for their week 11 matchup against the Atlanta Falcons.
On December 24, 2011, Peterson was injured by DeJon Gomes and needed help off the field in a 33–26 victory over the Washington Redskins. He was placed onto injured reserve due to a torn ACL and MCL on December 26, 2011.
For the first time in his career, Peterson failed to record a 1,000-yard season after playing only 12 games during the year.
2012: MVP Year.
Peterson started Week 1, although his status was listed as questionable. He rushed for 84 yards and two touchdowns in his first game in eight months after his ACL and MCL tear. He passed Robert Smith to become the number one Vikings rusher of all time. By Week 16, Peterson was leading the NFL in rushing with 1,898 yards and averaging 6.0 yards a carry. He also had 11 touchdowns, with a further 215 yards receiving.
Entering Week 17, he needed 208 yards to break the NFL single-season record for the most rushing yards (2,105), set in 1984 by Eric Dickerson. That week, the Vikings played the Green Bay Packers needing a win to clinch a playoff berth. The game was tied at 34 in the fourth quarter when Peterson ran 26 yards, setting the Vikings up for a game-winning field goal with three seconds left. The Vikings chose the field goal, which sent them to the playoffs, but also left Peterson nine yards short of breaking the record. Peterson became the second player (Earl Campbell, 1980) to rush for 150 or more yards in seven games during an NFL season and had 1,019 yards after contact. He finished 2012 with 2,097 rushing yards, the second-most ever for a running back in a single season. The Vikings improved from 3–13 in 2011 to 10–6, qualifying as the NFC's sixth seed in the playoffs. In the Wild Card round, with Vikings' starting quarterback Christian Ponder unable to start due to injury, the Vikings fell to the Green Bay Packers by a score of 24–10. The team's record, alongside Peterson's historic season, earned him the NFL Offensive Player of the Year and the NFL Most Valuable Player awards. His comeback from an ACL tear the season before also earned him second place in NFL Comeback Player of the Year award voting, coming in second to Peyton Manning. After the completion of the season, Peterson underwent surgery for a sports hernia. It became known that Peterson played through this injury starting in the last quarter of the season. Adrian credits his offensive line, and personal trainer Billy Streun for a large portion of his success.
2013 season.
Adrian Peterson opened his 2013 season by taking his first carry of the year 78 yards for a touchdown. Peterson struggled in the first 3 games of the season without all-pro fullback Jerome Felton, but upon his return in week 4, Peterson rushed for 140 yards against the Pittsburgh Steelers. On October 10, 2013, Peterson missed practice for a "personal reason" and it was later revealed that his son was in critical condition. Peterson's son later passed away due to injuries suffered from an assault, apparently by the mother's live-in boyfriend. The child was 2 years old. Despite the loss and time spent answering relentless media inquiries he played against Carolina Panthers. The Panthers defeated the Vikings 35–10.
Career statistics.
"Source: NFL.com"
Personal life.
Peterson has a half-brother named Jaylon Brown who currently plays football at Klein Oak High School in Texas as its running back. Another half-brother was murdered the night before Peterson participated in the NFL Combine. Additionally, when Peterson was a teenager, his father was sentenced to ten years in prison for laundering drug money.
In a 2009 episode of "" titled "All Day", ESPN reporter Rachel Nichols stated that Peterson then had two children, including a four year old daughter named Adeja. He currently resides in the Grogan's Point subdivision of The Woodlands, Texas, a suburb of Houston, Texas.
Peterson's two-year-old son died on October 11, 2013 at a Sioux Falls, South Dakota, hospital due to injuries sustained during an alleged assault by Joseph Robert Patterson, the boyfriend of the child's mother.
Peterson is a Christian. Peterson has spoken about his faith in his life saying, "Jesus Christ means the world to me. I've been through so many different situations through my childhood and now my adulthood...God just helped me get through them and made me stronger at a young age. (Through) all the adversity and hard times I've been through, God has always been present. I've always prayed to Him and asked Him to give me the strength to endure and to help others and to better understand whatever situation I deal with in my personal life. And He has always showed up! It brings hope and peace of mind knowing that God gave His only begotten Son for us." Peterson also spoke of his faith in relation to his injury of a torn ACL and MCL by saying "...‘This is a blessing in disguise. I’ll come back stronger and better than I was before.’ What flashed in my mind was, ‘I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me,’...".

</doc>
<doc id="19156218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156218" title="Star Wars Kid">
Star Wars Kid

Star Wars Kid is a viral video made in 2002 by Ghyslain Raza in which he wields a golf ball retriever in imitation of Darth Maul's lightsaber moves from the "Star Wars" films. At the time, Raza was a 15-year-old high school student from Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada. He had not intended for the video to become public, but its subsequent release led to ridicule during which Raza chose to distance himself from the video. Raza since has affirmed his identity and has used the video to help speak on the effects of bullying.
Video origins and publication.
On November 3, 2002, Raza made a video of himself swinging a golf ball retriever around as a weapon. The video was filmed at his high school studio, and the tape left in a basement. It was taped over a portion of a basketball game (as seen extremely briefly at the end of the clip). The video was discovered by a schoolmate, whose friend created an electronic file from the video tape. The video was distributed amongst his school's students. The fourth student uploaded it to the Internet under the title "Jackass_starwars_funny.wmv". The video eventually became a viral Internet meme through P2P services. According to court transcripts, the video first appeared on the Internet on the evening of April 14, 2003.
An edited version of the video was created with "Star Wars" music, texts, and lightsaber lights and sounds. The Viral Factory estimated that by November 27, 2006, the video had been viewed over 900 million times. 
Fan response.
The leaked video also attracted a number of fans. A petition was started by fans to include Raza in "". The petition reached over 140,000 signatures, but he was not offered a cameo appearance.
Other fans set up a fundraiser for Raza to show support and as a token of appreciation, garnering donations from over 400 people online.
Several fans related to Raza. "That's why his video become so popular: It was funny and awkward but ultimately we connected to him. That made us feel more comfortable with our own awkwardness and dreams of being a Jedi," said one group of "Star Wars" enthusiasts.
A fan named Elizabeth Murphy stated in a "USA Today" article, "Contrary to popular belief, I think it is not the Jedi kid's awkwardness that keeps him in people's hearts but his undeniable enthusiasm for what he is doing."
Negative reaction.
Raza states he was also a victim of cyberbullying, as his video also attracted negative attention and comments. Online commenters responded with critical or bullying messages. In a 2013 interview, Raza states, "What I saw was mean. It was violent. People were telling me to commit suicide." Among the comments online, "One commenter called him 'a pox on humanity.' Others suggested he commit suicide." He was bullied in person at his school, and he left the campus to pursue private tutoring. He also claimed to have lost friends because of the ordeal. He returned to high school for his senior year and went on to finish schooling as a law graduate.
Harassment lawsuit and settlement.
In July 2003, Raza's family filed a CA$250,000 lawsuit against the families of four of his schoolmates. The lawsuit stated in part that he "had to endure, and still endures today, harassment and derision from his high-school mates and the public at large" and "will be under psychiatric care for an indefinite amount of time." Legal proceedings against one family were quickly dropped. The lawsuit had been scheduled to begin trial on April 10, 2006, but on April 7, the boy and his parents reached an out-of-court settlement with the defendants.
Recognition.
In 2005, CNET listed the Star Wars Kid as #8 on its Top 10 Web Fads list. In 2007, the G4 TV show "Attack of the Show" rated it the number 1 viral video of all time. It was ranked #2 on VH1's "Top 40 Internet Celebrities", right behind Gary Brolsma (The Numa Numa Guy). The case raised privacy issues and was extensively reported in mainstream news media worldwide, including "The New York Times", CBS News, GMTV, and BBC News.
Public identity.
Until May 2013, Raza had taken steps to avoid connecting himself with the video, despite this identity being discovered through other means. Raza recounted to "Maclean's" that he had received numerous invitations from various late night and talk shows, but found out they only wanted "to turn me into a circus act". During the ten year period from the propagation of the meme, Raza had become the president of the Patrimoine Trois-Rivières heritage society. Raza decided to come forward to assert his identity as the Star Wars Kid to help bring to light the type of bullying and negative attention that children might receive in similar incidents with the rise of social media.
In popular culture.
The video and its subsequent popularity spawned many spoofs and references on various television programs, including episodes of "The Venture Bros."; the "American Dad!" episode "All About Steve"; multiple episodes of "Arrested Development", beginning with "The Immaculate Election"; "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide"; "Cory in the House"; "Teen Titans"; "South Park" and "Family Guy". 
In 2006, comedian Stephen Colbert initiated a contest, Green Screen Challenge. He presented a video of himself standing in front of a greenscreen, using a toy lightsaber to dramatically fight off imaginary foes in the fashion of the Star Wars Kid. It was then up to viewers to edit and enhance in their own way. Viewers would then send their own videos into the show, on which the best would be featured. The contest eventually culminated with "Star Wars" creator George Lucas making an appearance, presenting his elaborate version of the video, enhanced by Industrial Light and Magic.
In "Weird Al" Yankovic's White and Nerdy music video, there's a clip of him as Star Wars Kid and promptly failing in his lightsaber swinging.

</doc>
<doc id="19156226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156226" title="John Louis II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
John Louis II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

John Louis II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (Dornburg, 23 June 1688 – Zerbst, 5 November 1746), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dornburg. After 1742 he became ruler over the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst .
He was the eldest son of John Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Dornburg, by his wife Christine Eleonore of Zeutsch.
Life.
He succeeded his father as prince of Anhalt-Dornburg in 1704 and ruled jointly with his brothers John Augustus (died 1709), Christian Augustus, Christian Louis (died 1710) and John Frederick (died 1742), but he had the "Senoriat" over all of them as first-born.
In 1720 he was appointed "Oberlanddrostes" of Jever and remained there for the next twenty-two years; during this time, he ordered the building of the "Stadtkirche" in Jever (which was finally inaugurated in 1736). After the death in 1742 of his cousin Prince John Augustus of Anhalt-Zerbst without heirs, he and his only surviving brother, Christian Augustus, took over the rule of the entire principality of Anhalt-Zerbst. In order to administer the principality, he had to return to Zerbst.
John Louis never married and died after only four years of rule. On his death, he was succeeded by his brother and co-ruler.

</doc>
<doc id="19156243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156243" title="List of Powerpuff Girls Z episodes">
List of Powerpuff Girls Z episodes

This is a list of episodes for the anime series "Demashita! Powerpuff Girls Z". It ran for 52 episodes on TV Tokyo from July 1, 2006, to June 30, 2007. The English adaptation of the show has begun airing in English-speaking markets but has not made it to U.S. shores. All 52 episodes have been translated into English.

</doc>
<doc id="19156272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156272" title="Labor Day">
Labor Day

Labor Day in the United States is a holiday celebrated on the first Monday in September. It is a celebration of the American labor movement and is dedicated to the social and economic achievements of workers. It constitutes a yearly national tribute to the contributions workers have made to the strength, prosperity, and well-being of their country.
Labor Day was promoted by the Central Labor Union and the Knights of Labor, who organized the first parade in New York City. After the Haymarket Massacre, which occurred in Chicago on May 4, 1886, US President Grover Cleveland feared that commemorating Labor Day on May 1 could become an opportunity to commemorate the affair. Thus, in 1887, it was established as an official holiday in September to support the Labor Day that the Knights favored.
The equivalent holiday in Canada, Labour Day, is also celebrated on the first Monday of September. In many other countries (more than 80 worldwide), "Labour Day" is synonymous with, or linked with, International Workers' Day, which occurs on May 1.
History.
In 1882, Matthew Maguire, a machinist, first proposed the holiday while serving as secretary of the CLU (Central Labor Union) of New York. Others argue that it was first proposed by Peter J. McGuire of the American Federation of Labor in May 1882, after witnessing the annual labour festival held in Toronto, Canada. Oregon was the first state to make it a holiday on February 21, 1887. By the time it became a federal holiday in 1894, thirty states officially celebrated Labor Day.
Following the deaths of a number of workers at the hands of the U.S. military and U.S. Marshals during the Pullman Strike, the United States Congress unanimously voted to approve rush legislation that made Labor Day a national holiday; President Grover Cleveland signed it into law a mere six days after the end of the strike. The September date originally chosen by the CLU of New York and observed by many of the nation's trade unions for the past several years was selected rather than the more widespread International Workers' Day because Cleveland was concerned that observance of the latter would be associated with the nascent Communist, Syndicalist and Anarchist movements that, though distinct from one another, had rallied to commemorate the Haymarket Affair in International Workers' Day. All U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and the territories have made it a statutory holiday.
Pattern of celebration.
The form for the celebration of Labor Day was outlined in the first proposal of the holiday: A street parade to exhibit to the public "the strength and esprit de corps of the trade and labor organizations", followed by a festival for the workers and their families. This became the pattern for Labor Day celebrations. Speeches by prominent men and women were introduced later, as more emphasis was placed upon the civil significance of the holiday. Still later, by a resolution of the American Federation of Labor convention of 1909, the Sunday preceding Labor Day was adopted as Labor Sunday and dedicated to the spiritual and educational aspects of the Labor movement.
The holiday often marks the return to school, although school starting times now vary.
Retail Sale Day.
To take advantage of large numbers of potential customers free to shop, Labor Day has become an important sale weekend for many retailers in the United States. Some retailers claim it is one of the largest sale dates of the year, second only to the Christmas season's Black Friday.
Ironically, because of the importance of the sale weekend, some of those who are employed in the retail sector not only work on Labor Day, but work longer hours. More Americans work in the retail industry than any other, with retail employment making up 24% of all jobs in the United States. As of 2012, only 3% of those employed in the retail sector were members of a labor union.
End of summer.
Labor Day has come to be celebrated by most Americans as the symbolic end of the summer. In high society, Labor Day is (or was) considered the last day of the year when it is fashionable to wear white or seersucker.
In U.S. sports, Labor Day marks the beginning of the NFL and college football seasons. NCAA teams usually play their first games the weekend of Labor Day, with the NFL traditionally playing their first game the Thursday following Labor Day. The Southern 500 NASCAR auto race was held that day from 1950 to 1983 in Darlington, South Carolina. At Indianapolis Raceway Park, the National Hot Rod Association hold their finals to the U.S. Nationals drag race. Labor Day is the middle point between weeks 1 and 2 of the US Open Tennis Championships held in Flushing Meadows, NY.
In the U.S., most school districts that started summer vacation 1–2 weeks into June will resume school the day after this day (see First Day of School), while schools that had summer vacation begin on the Saturday before Memorial Day in late May will have already been in session since late August. However this tradition is changing as many school districts end 1–2 weeks into June and begin mid-August.

</doc>
<doc id="19156298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156298" title="Clarinda &amp; Page Apartments">
Clarinda &amp; Page Apartments

The Clarinda and Page Apartments are located at 3027 Farnam Street and 305-11 Turner Boulevard in the Midtown area of Omaha, Nebraska. Built in 1909 and 1914 respectively, they both reflect the Georgian Revival style of architecture. The buildings were designated an Omaha Landmark on April 21, 1981, and were added to the National Register of Historic Places, as well. According to the City of Omaha's Landmarks Heritage Preservation Commission, "the Clarinda and Page represent the type of luxury apartments which developed along the city’s picturesque parks and boulevard system after the turn-of-the-century."

</doc>
<doc id="19156304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156304" title="Shinmachi River">
Shinmachi River

The is a river found in the heart of Tokushima City in Tokushima Prefecture.
It has the Suketō River, Tamiya River, Sako River, and Sumiyoshijima River as its tributaries.
At current, the non-profit organization "Shinmachi Preservation Committee" is in charge of keeping the river clean and holding tours around the river via boat.
Overview.
History.
During the Edo period the Shinmachi River was a very busy area due to the travel of boats carrying Indigo Dyeing wares, one of the main trades supporting finance in the region at the time.
Geography.
The Shinmachi River runs through the middle of the capital city of Tokushima Prefecture - Tokushima City, and passes by many well known tourist spots within the city area.
Water.
Up until the early Shōwa period, the condition of the river was so good as to allow people to swim there during the summertime. However, in the coming years the river became increasingly polluted and thus unsuitable for swimming. Efforts in recent years to clean up the river have improved its overall condition greatly, but there still remains some sludge on the bottom of the river and it has yet to return to its former glory.
Main events along the waterway.
Events.
The Aibahama Park and Mizugiwai Park areas along the riverside are popular spots for events. The river itself is also used during an event each Christmas, in which people dressed in Santa suits distribute gifts to children along the riverside from atop boats. Over 3,000 presents are given out each year.
Tourist spots.
Tokushima City is home to many different historical sites due to its long history as the capital city in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19156336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156336" title="Tariq Imran">
Tariq Imran

Muhammad Tariq Imran (born 3 February 1977) is a Pakistani Olympian. He was born in Gojra district, Tobatek Singh Punjab, Pakistan. He is the son of hockey player Abdul Rehman Bhutta, and his brothers Liaqat Ali Bhutta and Asadullah Bhutta were also national level hockey players.

</doc>
<doc id="19156359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156359" title="Hicks Terrace">
Hicks Terrace

Hicks Terrace is located at 3005-3011 Pacific Streetand 1102 South 30th Avenue in South Omaha, Nebraska. Built in 1890, the structure represents the Queen Anne style of architecture. Designed by the early Omaha firm of Mendelssohn, Fisher and Lawrie, the building was constructed in 1890, and designated an Omaha Landmark on April 21, 1981. It was built as one of the multi-family residential structures in Omaha to be made of masonry. It was specifically designed to cater to the elaborate trolley networks that opened many new areas of the city to development.

</doc>
<doc id="19156385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156385" title="Capibaribe River">
Capibaribe River

The Capibaribe River is a river located in Pernambuco state, Brazil, with a length of 240 kilometers. The Capibaribe originates in the Serra do Jacarará, in the municipality of Poção, and flows to the Atlantic Ocean at Recife.
Etymology.
The word Capibaribe derives from the Tupi names "Caapiuar-y-be" or "Capibara-ybe", meaning Capybara River.
Sports.
Recife's sport team Clube Náutico Capibaribe is named after the Capibaribe River.
History.
The Capibaribe River was a significant geographic determinant factor in the history of Pernambuco State and the Northeast of Brazil. It was in the floodplains of the river that the first sugar cane mills were formed, its black clay soil being suitable for the cultivation of agricultural crops. The river also served as a starting point to reach the wilderness areas beyond. Access to the wilderness enabled the development of a livestock farming industry. Today, ongoing studies about the navigability of the river for urban transportation will assist in developing the region further.

</doc>
<doc id="19156396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156396" title="Angelica lineariloba">
Angelica lineariloba

Angelica lineariloba is a species of "Angelica" known as poison angelica or Sierra angelica. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and nearby slopes and flats in California and western Nevada from 6000 to 10,600ft in elevation. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing an erect, hollow stem up to about 1.5 meters tall. The large but feathery leaves are made up of many highly dissected leaflets which are linear to threadlike in shape. The inflorescence is a compound umbel with up to 40 rays holding clusters of small white to cream flowers. There are papery sheaths at the base of each petiole where it branches from the stem (see image at left). The plants overall are rather similar to the other large umbellifers cow parsnip and swamp whiteheads, but cow parsnips have huge lobed but undivided leaves, while swamp whiteheads have pinnate leaves and the individual flowerheads are dense, round balls.

</doc>
<doc id="19156399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156399" title="Antichrist">
Antichrist

The Antichrist is a Christian concept based on interpretation of passages in the New Testament, in which the term "antichrist" occurs five times in 1 John and 2 John, once in plural form and four times in the singular. 
In traditional Christian belief, Jesus the Messiah appears in his Second Coming to Earth, to face the emergence of the Antichrist figure. Just as Christ is the savior and the ideal model for humanity, his opponent in the End of Days will be a single figure of concentrated evil, according to Bernard McGinn.
Etymology.
The word "antichrist" is made up of two roots: αντί ("anti") + Χριστός ("Khristos"). "Αντί" can mean not only "against" and "opposite of", but also "in place of", "Χριστός", translated "Christ", is Greek for the Hebrew "Messiah". Both literally mean "Anointed One", and refer to Jesus of Nazareth within Christian, Islamic and Messianic Jewish theology.
Christian views.
New Testament.
Whether the New Testament contains an individual Antichrist or not is disputed. The five uses of the term "antichrist" or "antichrists" in the Epistles of John do not clearly present a single latter-day individual Antichrist. The articles "the deceiver" or "the antichrist" are usually seen as marking out a certain category of persons, rather than an individual.
Consequently attention for an individual Antichrist figure focuses on the second chapter of 2 Thessalonians. However, the term "antichrist" is never used in this passage:
Though the word "antichrist" (Greek "antikhristos") is used only on the Epistles of John, the similar word "Pseudochrist" (Greek "pseudokhristos") or "False Messiah" is used by Jesus in the gospels:
The Beast from the earth, according to the Book of Revelation and also referred to as the False Prophet, has often been equated with an individual Antichrist:
Medieval commentators, however, more readily identified the figure of the Beast from the sea as an individual Antichrist.
Early Church.
The only one of the late 1st/early 2nd Century Apostolic Fathers to use the term is Polycarp (ca. 69 – ca. 155) who warned the Philippians that everyone who preached false doctrine was an antichrist. His use of the term Antichrist follows that of the New Testament in not identifying a single personal Antichrist, but a class of people.
Irenaeus (2nd century AD – c. 202) wrote "Against Heresies" to refute the teachings of the Gnostics. In Book V of "Against Heresies" he addresses the figure of the Antichrist referring to him as the "recapitulation of apostasy and rebellion." He uses "666", the Number of the Beast from Revelation 13:18, to numerologically decode several possible names. Some names that he loosely proposed were "Evanthos", "Lateinos" ("Latin" or pertaining to the Roman Empire). In his exegesis of Daniel 7:21, he stated that the ten horns of the beast will be the Roman empire divided into ten kingdoms before the Antichrist's arrival. However, his readings of the Antichrist were more in broader theological terms rather than within a historical context.
The Ascension of Isaiah presents a detailed exposition of the Antichrist as Belial and Nero.
Tertullian (ca.160 – ca.220 AD) held that the Roman Empire was the restraining force written about by Paul in 2 Thessalonians 2:7-8. The fall of Rome and the disintegration of the ten provinces of the Roman Empire into ten kingdoms were to make way for the Antichrist.
Hippolytus of Rome (c. 170-c. 236) held that the Antichrist would come from the tribe of Dan and would rebuild the Jewish temple on the Temple Mount in order to reign from it. He identified the Antichrist with the Beast out of the Earth from the book of Revelation.
Origen (185–254) refuted Celsus's view of the Antichrist. Origen utilized Scriptural citations from Daniel, Paul, and the Gospels. He argued:
Post-Nicene Christianity.
Cyril of Jerusalem, in the mid-4th century, delivered his 15th Catechetical Lecture about the Second Coming of Jesus Christ, in which he also lectures about the Antichrist, who will reign as the ruler of the world for three and a half years, before he is killed by Jesus Christ right at the end of his three-and-a-half-year reign, shortly after which the Second Coming of Jesus Christ will happen.
Athanasius of Alexandria (c. 298 – 373), writes that Arius of Alexandria is to be associated with the Antichrist, saying, "And ever since Council of Nicaea has Arius's error been reckoned for a heresy more than ordinary, being known as Christ's foe, and harbinger of Antichrist."
John Chrysostom (c. 347–407) warned against speculations and old wives' tales about the Antichrist, saying, "Let us not therefore enquire into these things". He preached that by knowing Paul's description of the Antichrist in 2 Thessalonians Christians would avoid deception.
Jerome (c. 347-420) warned that those substituting false interpretations for the actual meaning of Scripture belonged to the "synagogue of the Antichrist". "He that is not of Christ is of Antichrist," he wrote to Pope Damasus I. He believed that "the mystery of lawlessness" written about by Paul in 2 Thessalonians 2:7 was already in action when "every one chatters about his views." To Jerome, the power restraining this mystery of lawlessness was the Roman Empire, but as it fell this restraining force was removed. He warned a noble woman of Gaul:
In his Commentary on Daniel, Jerome noted, "Let us not follow the opinion of some commentators and suppose him to be either the Devil or some demon, but rather, one of the human race, in whom Satan will wholly take up his residence in bodily form." Instead of rebuilding the Jewish Temple to reign from, Jerome thought the Antichrist sat in God’s Temple inasmuch as he made "himself out to be like God." He refuted Porphyry’s idea that the "little horn" mentioned in Daniel chapter 7 was Antiochus Epiphanes by noting that the "little horn" is defeated by an eternal, universal ruler, right before the final judgment. Instead, he advocated that the "little horn" was the Antichrist:
Circa 380, an apocalyptic pseudo-prophecy falsely attributed to the Tiburtine Sibyl describes Constantine as victorious over Gog and Magog. Later on, it predicts:
Augustine of Hippo (354 – 430) wrote "it is uncertain in what temple Antichrist shall sit, whether in that ruin of the temple which was built by Solomon, or in the Church."
Pope Gregory I wrote to Emperor Maurice A.D. 597, concerning the titles of bishops, "I say with confidence that whoever calls or desires to call himself ‘universal priest’ in self-exaltation of himself is a precursor of the Antichrist."
Western Church pre-Reformation.
Archbishop Arnulf of Rheims disagreed with the policies and morals of Pope John XV. He expressed his views while presiding over the Council of Reims in A.D. 991. Arnulf accused John XV of being the Antichrist while also using the 2 Thessalonians passage about the "man of lawlessness" (or "lawless one"), saying, "Surely, if he is empty of charity and filled with vain knowledge and lifted up, he is Antichrist sitting in God's temple and showing himself as God." This incident is history's earliest record of anyone identifying a pope with the Antichrist (See Antichrist (historicism)).
Pope Gregory VII (c. 1015 or 29 – 1085), struggled against, in his own words, "a robber of temples, a perjurer against the Holy Roman Church, notorious throughout the whole Roman world for the basest of crimes, namely, Wilbert, plunderer of the holy church of Ravenna, Antichrist, and archeritic."
Cardinal Benno, on the opposite side of the Investiture Controversy, wrote long descriptions of abuses committed by Gregory VII, including necromancy, torture of a former friend upon a bed of nails, commissioning an attempted assassination, executions without trials, unjust excommunication, doubting the Real Presence in the Eucharist, and even burning it. Benno held that Gregory VII was "either a member of Antichrist, or Antichrist himself."
Eberhard II von Truchsees, Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg in 1241 at the Council of Regensburg denounced Pope Gregory IX as "that man of perdition, whom they call Antichrist, who in his extravagant boasting says, I am God, I cannot err." He argued that the ten kingdoms that the Antichrist is involved with were the "Turks, Greeks, Egyptians, Africans, Spaniards, French, English, Germans, Sicilians, and Italians who now occupy the provinces of Rome." He held that the papacy was the "little horn" of Daniel 7:8:
Protestant reformers.
Many Protestant reformers, including Martin Luther, John Calvin, Thomas Cranmer, John Thomas, John Knox, and Cotton Mather, identified the Roman Papacy as the Antichrist. The Centuriators of Magdeburg, a group of Lutheran scholars in Magdeburg headed by Matthias Flacius, wrote the 12-volume "Magdeburg Centuries" to discredit the papacy and identify the pope as the Antichrist. The fifth round of talks in the Lutheran-Roman Catholic dialogue notes,
William Tyndale, an English Protestant reformer, held that while the Roman Catholic realms of that age were the empire of Antichrist, any religious organization that distorted the doctrine of the Old and New Testaments also showed the work of Antichrist. In his treatise "The Parable of the Wicked Mammon", he expressly rejected the established Church teaching that looked to the future for an Antichrist to rise up, and he taught that Antichrist is a present spiritual force that will be with us until the end of the age under different religious disguises from time to time. Tyndale's translation of 2 Thessalonians, chapter 2, concerning the "man of lawlessness" reflected his understanding, but was significantly amended by later revisers, including the King James Bible committee, which followed the Vulgate more closely.
Counter-Reformation.
The view of Futurism, a product of the Counter-Reformation, was advanced beginning in the 16th century in response to the identification of the Papacy as Antichrist. Francisco Ribera, a Jesuit priest, developed this theory in "In Sacrum Beati Ioannis Apostoli, & Evangelistiae Apocalypsin Commentarij", his 1585 treatise on the Apocalypse of John. Saint Robert Bellarmine codified this view, giving in full the Catholic theory set forth by the Greek and Latin Fathers, of a personal Antichrist to come just before the end of the world and to be accepted by the Jews and enthroned in the temple at Jerusalem — thus endeavoring to dispose of the exposition which saw Antichrist in the pope. Most premillennial dispensationalists now accept Bellarmine's interpretation in modified form. Widespread Protestant identification of the Papacy as the Antichrist persisted in the USA until the early 1900s when the Scofield Reference Bible was published by Cyrus Scofield. This commentary promoted Futurism, causing a decline in the Protestant identification of the Papacy as Antichrist.
Some US Futurists hold that sometime prior to the expected return of Jesus, there will be a period of "great tribulation" during which the Antichrist, indwelt and controlled by Satan, will attempt to win supporters with false peace, supernatural signs. He will silence all that defy him by refusing to "receive his mark" on their right hands or forehead. This "mark" will be required to legally partake in the end-time economic system. Some Futurists believe that the Antichrist will be assassinated half way through the Tribulation, being revived and indwelt by Satan. The Antichrist will continue on for three and a half years following this "deadly wound".
Old Believers.
After the reforms of Patriarch Nikon to the Russian Orthodox Church of 1652, a large number of Old Believers held that czar Peter the Great was the Antichrist because of his treatment of the Orthodox Church, namely subordinating the church to the state, requiring clergymen to conform to the standards of all Russian civilians (shaved beards, being fluent in French), and requiring them to pay state taxes.
Age of Enlightenment.
Bernard McGinn noted that complete denial of the Antichrist was rare until the Age of Enlightenment. Following frequent use of "Antichrist" laden rhetoric during religious controversies in the 17th century, the use of the concept declined in the 18th century. Subsequent eighteenth-century efforts to cleanse Christianity of "legendary" or "folk" accretions effectively removed the Antichrist from discussion in mainstream Western churches.
Mormonism.
In Mormonism, the "Antichrist" "is anyone or anything that counterfeits the true gospel or plan of salvation and that openly or secretly is set up in opposition to Christ. The great antichrist is Lucifer, but he has many assistants both as spirit beings and as mortals." Latter-day Saints use the New Testament scriptures, 1 John 2:18, 22; 1 John 4:3-6; 2 John 1:7 and the Book of Mormon, Jacob 7:1-23, Alma 1:2-16, Alma 30:6-60, in their exegesis of the Antichrist.
Other Christian interpretations.
As "Man of Lawlessness".
The Antichrist has been equated with the "man of lawlessnes" or "lawless one" of 2 Thessalonians 2, though commentaries on the identity of the "man of lawlessness" greatly vary. The "man of lawlessness" has been identified with Caligula, Nero, and the end times Antichrist. Some scholars believe that the passage contains no genuine prediction, but represents a speculation of the apostle's own, based on ; , and on contemporary ideas of the Antichrist.
As "being in league with other figures".
Several American evangelical and fundamentalist theologians, including Cyrus Scofield, have identified the Antichrist as being in league with (or the same as) several figures in the Book of Revelation including the Dragon (or Serpent), the Beast, the False Prophet, and the Whore of Babylon. Others, for example, Rob Bell, reject the identification of the Antichrist with any one person or group. They believe a loving Christ would not view anyone as an enemy.
As Satan.
Bernard McGinn described multiple traditions detailing the relationship between the Antichrist and Satan. In the dualist approach, Satan will become incarnate in the Antichrist, just as God became incarnate in Jesus. However, in Orthodox Christian thought, this view was problematic because it was too similar to Christ's incarnation. Instead, the "indwelling" view became more accepted. It stipulates that the Antichrist is a human figure inhabited by Satan, since the latter’s power is not to be seen as equivalent to God’s.
Non-Christian views.
Judaism.
There are warnings against false prophets in the Hebrew Bible, but no personal anti-Messiah figure.
Jewish antecedents.
The term "antikhristos" originates in 1 John. The similar term "pseudokhristos" ("False Messiah") is also first found in the New Testament, and, for example, never used by Josephus in his accounts of various false messiahs. The concept of an "antikhristos" is not found in Jewish writings in the period 500 BC–50 AD. However, Bernard McGinn conjectures that the concept may have been generated by the frustration of Jews subject to often-capricious Seleucid or Roman rule, who found the nebulous Jewish idea of a Satan who is more of an opposing angel of God in the heavenly court insufficiently humanised and personalised to be a satisfactory incarnation of evil and threat.
Medieval Judaism.
In the 7th century CE Sefer Zerubbabel, and 11th century CE Midrash Vayosha, an anti-Messiah type figure, influenced by Christian and Muslim interpretation, Armilus appears in some schools of Jewish eschatology. He is described as bald, partially maimed, and partially deaf.
Islam.
"Masih ad-Dajjal" (, literally "The Deceiving Messiah"), is an evil figure in Islamic eschatology. Although not mentioned anywhere in the Quran, some Muslims believe he is to appear pretending to be God at a time in the future, before Yawm al-Qiyamah (The Day of Resurrection, Judgement Day). He will travel around the globe entering every city except Mecca and Medina obliging people to believe in him as a God. Then Isa (Jesus) will descend from the sky to the White Minaret east of Damascus (as referred to in "hadith"), placing his hands on the backs of two angels, at the time of Fajr (dawn). This will happen at the time of the Dajjal and Isa (Jesus) will be the one to eventually defeat the Dajjal, killing him with his spear.
Ahmadiyya.
The Ahmadiyya teachings interpret the prophecies regarding the appearance of the "Dajjal" (Anti-Christ) and Gog and Magog in Islamic eschatology as foretelling the emergence of two branches or aspects of the same turmoil and trial that was to be faced by Islam in the latter days and that both emerged from Christianity or Christian nations. Its Dajjal aspect relates to deception and perversion of religious belief while its aspect to do with disturbance in the realm of politics and the shattering of world peace has been called Gog and Magog. Thus Ahmadis consider the widespread Christian missionary activity that was aggressively active in the 18th and 19th centuries as being part of the prophesied Dajjal (Antichrist) and Gog and Magog emerging in modern times. The emergence of the Soviet Union and the USA as superpowers and the conflict between the two nations (i.e., the rivalry between communism and capitalism) are seen as having occurred in accordance with certain prophecies regarding Gog and Magog. Ahmadis believe that prophecies and sayings about the Antichrist are not to be interpreted literally and hold deeper meanings. Masih ad-Dajjal is then a name to given to latter day Christianity and the West.
Use in popular culture.
The term "Antichrist" is widely used in popular culture, and most prominently in punk subculture. This trend was spurred by the Sex Pistols' song "Anarchy in the UK", in which lead singer Johnny Rotten proclaimed that he was an antichrist. After the release of the song, adherents of the punk culture began to use the word as a term to describe someone who is very vulgar, crude, or rebellious. However, after Johnny Rotten's denunciation of useless violence in his years with Public Image Ltd, this trend began to subside with those who had used it for the sheer sake of being "punk". It is now used in the fringe groups of anarcho-punks and is most commonly used to describe those who practice violent and sensational forms of anarchy. The term Antichrist also features heavily in the earlier work of Marilyn Manson with the 1996 album titled "Antichrist Superstar" being most famous.

</doc>
<doc id="19156456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156456" title="Angelica tomentosa">
Angelica tomentosa

Angelica tomentosa is a species of angelica known as woolly angelica. It is native to the coastal mountain ranges of California and southern Oregon, where it grows in wooded areas. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing an erect, hollow stem to heights generally between 1 and 2 meters. The leaves may be nearly a meter long but are actually made up of many leaflike leaflets, each up to 12 centimeters long and lance-shaped to oval and sometimes toothed. The inflorescence is a compound umbel of up to 60 long rays each bearing clusters of whitish or yellowish flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19156490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156490" title="Southern Indiana Career &amp; Technical Center">
Southern Indiana Career &amp; Technical Center

The Southern Indiana Career & Technical Center is a high school-level institution that provides advanced education to meet the demand in the areas of agriculture, business and marketing, family and consumer sciences, health careers, and trade and industry arts to the students in Indiana's Area Career & Technical District #46 (ACTD-46) consisting of nine school district and corporations in Gibson, Posey, Spencer, Vanderburgh and Warrick Counties in Southwestern Indiana. 90.7 FM WPSR, which used to broadcast from Central High School, now broadcasts from the center.
To provide easier access to these services to the Evansville Vanderburgh School Corporation along with the other eight districts the facility was constructed outside the city of Evansville. Prior to 2004 students interested in these courses had to go to North High School on Diamond Avenue which was constantly plagued with road construction and traffic tie-ups in addition to cramped and non-airconditioned spaces. In terms of enrollment, the EVSC has one of the largest CTE programs in the State of Indiana. Other than the EVSC the Southern Indiana Career and Technical Center draws Students from the following School Districts in Southwestern Indiana.
Gibson County
Posey County
Spencer County
Warrick County
The new facility is located on Lynch Road very near U.S. 41.

</doc>
<doc id="19156492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156492" title="Isabel González">
Isabel González

Isabel González (May 2, 1882 - June 11, 1971) was a Puerto Rican activist who helped pave the way for Puerto Ricans to be given United States citizenship. As a young unwed pregnant woman, Gonzalez had her plans to find and marry the father of her unborn child, derailed by the United States Treasury Department, when she was excluded as an alien "likely to become a public charge" upon her arrival to New York City. Gonzalez challenged the Government of the United States in the groundbreaking case "Gonzales v. Williams" (192 U.S. 1 (1904)). Officially the case was known as "Isabella Gonzales, Appellant, vs. William Williams, United States Commissioner of Immigration at the Port of New York" No. 225, argued December 4, 7, 1903, and decided January 4, 1904. Her case was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, filed February 27, 1903, after also having her Writ of Habeas Corpus (HC. 1-187) dismissed. Her Supreme Court case is the first time that the Court confronted the citizenship status of inhabitants of territories acquired by the United States. Gonzalez actively pursued the cause of U.S. citizenship for all Puerto Ricans by writing and publishing letters in the New York Times.
Early years.
A daughter of Severo González and Antonia Dávila, González was born and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico when the island was still a Spanish possession. She was a native inhabitant of Puerto Rico and a Spanish subject, though not of the Peninsula (Spain). She was residing in the island on April 11, 1899, the date of the proclamation of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 which ceded the island to the United States. One of the conditions of the treaty was to transfer by cession the allegiance of the islanders to the United States. González was a citizen of Puerto Rico, but not of the United States even though the island was governed by that nation.
González's fiancé left Puerto Rico for New York City in 1902, leaving her behind, pregnant and with another child from a previous marriage (she was a widow). He went with the intention of finding a job in a factory in Linoleumville, Staten Island, in the neighborhood where Isabel's brother Luis González worked. González was to join him there and they were to marry after he found a place to live.
Situation in Puerto Rico pre-1904.
Under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 which was ratified on December 10, 1898, Puerto Rico was annexed by the United States after the 1898 Spanish–American War. Spain had lost its last colony in the western hemisphere. The United States established a military government which acted as both head of the army of occupation and administrator of civil affairs. Almost immediately, the United States began the "Americanization" process of Puerto Rico. The U.S. occupation brought about a total change in Puerto Rico's economy and polity and did not apply democratic principles in their colony. Puerto Rico was classified as an "unincorporated territory" which meant that the protections of the United States Constitution — including the right of citizenship — did not automatically apply, because the island belonged to the U.S., but was not part of the U.S.
On January 15, 1899, the military government changed the name of Puerto Rico to Porto Rico (On May 17, 1932, U.S. Congress changed the name back to "Puerto Rico") and the island's currency was changed from the Puerto Rican peso to the American dollar, integrating the island's currency into the U.S. monetary system. The United States exerted its control over the economy of the island by prohibiting Puerto Rico from negotiating commercial treaties with other nations, from determining tariffs, and from shipping goods to the mainland on other than U.S. carriers.
Opposition to U.S. citizenship for Puerto Ricans.
There were various factors which contributed to the opposition of giving United States citizenship to Puerto Ricans by the Government of the United States. The U.S. Congress was reluctant to fully incorporate Puerto Rico because its population was deemed racially and socially inferior to that of the mainland. In 1899, U.S. Senator George Frisbie Hoar described Puerto Ricans as: "uneducated, simple-minded and harmless people who were only interested in wine, women, music and dancing."
Prior to 1898, the United States had organized new acquisitions from non-tribal governments into largely self-governing territories as a prelude to statehood and had generally extended broad constitutional protections and U.S. citizenship to free, non-tribal residents. After 1898, this process changed and in Puerto Rico, Congress established a centrally controlled administration and declined to recognize Puerto Ricans as U.S. citizens.
In the "Downes v. Bidwell" case of 1901, the U.S. Supreme Court acknowledged that the U.S. Constitution functioned differently in Puerto Rico from the way it did on the mainland. Justice Edward Douglass White introduced the concept of unincorporated territorial and reasoned that unlike prior territories, Puerto Rico had not been incorporated by Congress or by treaty into the U.S. union. It was thus "foreign to the United States in a domestic sense", that is, foreign for domestic law purposes, but also part of the United States under international law. The decision permitted the establishment of unequal, undemocratic polities in such territories, did not demand that those territories eventually be incorporated, and granted wide latitude to Congress and the executive in structuring those polities.
González travels to New York City.
In August 1902, González boarded the S.S. "Philadelphia", a steamship that departed from San Juan, Puerto Rico, with New York City as its destination. She sent a telegram to her family about her expected arrival, which normally would be at the docks of New York. But, while the "S.S. Philadelphia" was en route, the United States Treasury Department's Immigration Commissioner General F. P. Sargent issued new immigration guidelines that changed González's and her fellow countrymen's status to that of aliens. Gonzalez and the others arrived on August 24, 1902, and were transferred to Ellis Island.
The new commissioner of immigration at Ellis Island was William Williams, a former Wall Street lawyer. He was aggressively leveling the statutory bar on those aliens "likely to become a public charge," and he was strictly enforcing immigration laws. Williams directed inspectors to treat aliens as suspect if traveling with less than ten dollars. He also instructed his inspectors to attach the label of "public charge" to unmarried mothers and their children, even though most of them had jobs waiting for them. Ellis Island policy dictated that "unmarried pregnant women were always detained for further investigation" and that single women were released only if family members came to claim them.
González was detained by the Immigration Commissioner at that port as an "alien immigrant", in order that she might be returned to Puerto Rico if it appeared that she was likely to become a public charge. Gonzalez had eleven dollars in cash on her person and her family was to pick her up, however the immigration officials discovered her pregnancy during her early line inspection and a Board of Special Inquiry opened a file (note: her surname was later misspelled as "Gonzales" by immigration officials) on her.
Board Hearings.
A hearing was held the next day and González's uncle, Domingo Collazo, and her brother, Luis González, joined her (her fiancé was not permitted to miss his job). During the hearings, the family focused on the question of preserving González's honor and bringing her to New York. Inspectors weighed proof of legitimate family relations against presumptions that certain kinds of women were inadequate mothers and certain kinds of men were insufficient fathers and husbands. Williams said:
"It will be a very easy matter to fill up this country rapidly with immigrants upon whom responsibility for the proper bringing up of their offspring sits lightly, but it cannot be claimed that this will enure to the benefit of the American people."
Two days later, without help from the father of Isabel González's expected child, González's brother and Domingo Collazo's wife, Hermina Collazo (Hermina was Isabel's aunt, or the sister of Isabel's mother, Antonia Davila), tried to assure the court they could help González. The family insisted that Gonzalez would not be a burden to the State's Welfare system since they had the economic means to support her. These attempts failed, in part because González's fiancé failed to appear at the hearing. The immigration authorities placed emphasis on his absence in its decision to stop her from entering the US.
Collazo drew on his political and professional connections. In the 1890s, he had been active in a the Revolutionary Committee of Puerto Rico, a radical wing of the Cuban Revolutionary Party that sought an Antillean social revolution to improve the status of workers and people of African descent. He had attended meetings with the Antillean activists Arturo Alfonso Schomburg and Rosendo Rodríguez. Collazo swore a "habeas corpus" petition for González. A friend of González related the story to Orrel A. Parker, a lawyer. His partner Charles E. Le Barbier became interested in the case and filed Collazo's petition with the U.S. Circuit Court for the Southern District of New York. Seven weeks later, the court issued its opinion, ruling that the petitioner was an alien and upholding her exclusion.
United States Supreme Court: "Gonzales v. Williams".
On August 30, 1902, Federico Degetau, an expert in international law and the first Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico to the United States House of Representatives, unaware of the Gonzalez situation, wrote to the Secretary of State in protest of the new rules that made Puerto Ricans subject to immigration laws. His protest was forwarded to the Treasury Department. Degetau then contacted Le Barbier and Parker, who informed him that they planned to appeal Gonzalez's case to the Supreme Court.
Once González lost her administrative appeal, she switched tactics. She decided to appeal and to take her case to the United States Supreme Court, however this time instead of focusing on the "public charge" issue, she decided to take up the issue that all Puerto Ricans were citizens of the United States and as such should not be detained, treated as aliens and denied entry into the United States.
Degetau saw in the case of Isabel González the perfect "test case" because now it would not be about whether immigration inspectors, following guidelines suffused with concepts of race and gender, deemed Isabel González and her family desirable. The case now would be about settling the status of all the native islanders who were in existence at the time the Spanish possessions were annexed by the United States. By February 16, 1903, Frederic René Coudert, Jr., an international-law attorney from New York, who launched the "Downes v. Bidwell" case for clients protesting tariffs levied on goods shipped between Puerto Rico and the United States, joined Paul Fuller, Charles E. LeBarbier and Degetau in the Gonzalez case as a collaborator.
The case, which became known as "Gonzáles v. Williams", was argued in the U.S. Supreme Court on December 4 and 7, 1903, with Chief Justice Melville Weston Fuller presiding. The case sparked administrative, legal, and media discussions about the status of Puerto Ricans. It also questioned the issues of immigration and U.S. doctrines in the treatment of U.S. citizens, chiefly women and people of color (dark-skinned). González and her lawyers moved among the legal realms, aided by shared languages of race, gender, and morality, while the U.S. solicitor general Henry M. Hoyt, focused on what he considered were failed parents, rearing children outside moral, economically self-sufficient homes.
González, who was out on bond, secretly married her fiancé and thus became "a citizen of this country through marriage," and acquired the right to remain stateside. She could have ended her appeal, but instead she decided to press her claim that all Puerto Ricans were U.S. citizens.
On January 4, 1904, the Court determined that under the immigration laws, González was not an alien, and therefore could not be denied entry into New York. The court, however declined to declare that she was a U.S. citizen. The question of the citizenship status of the inhabitants of the new island territories, and their situation remained confusing, ambiguous, and contested. Puerto Ricans came to be known as something in between: "noncitizen nationals."
Aftermath.
Isabel González had five children. She married Juan Francisco Torres on November 17, 1915, and stayed in New York until the 1930s when they moved to New Jersey (1930 Cranford Township NJ Census). She actively pursued the cause of U.S. citizenship for all Puerto Ricans because she believed that if the people of Puerto Rico were deceived out of one honorable status—Spanish citizenship—the United States was obliged to extend Puerto Ricans a new honorable status—U.S. citizenship. She wrote and published letters in the New York Times that the decision and surrounding events of her case revealed that the United States failed to treat Puerto Ricans honorably, breaking promises to them and marking them as inferior to "full-fledged American citizens". González wrote the following:
"Gen. Miles (Nelson A. Miles) went to Porto Rico to save us, and proclaimed to the wide winds his 'liberating' speech." But instead of U.S. citizenship, Puerto Ricans got "the actual (current) incongruous status—'neither Americans nor foreigners,' as it was vouchsafed by the United States Supreme Court apropos of my detention at Ellis Island for the crime of being an 'alien.'" 
Federico Degetau traveled to Washington, D.C., as Puerto Rico’s first "Resident Commissioner," or nonvoting representative. He dedicated himself to the struggle to gain U.S. citizenship for all Puerto Ricans.
Frederic René Coudert, Jr. became a member of the State Senate from 1939 to 1946 and was elected as a Republican to the Eightieth and to the five succeeding United States Congresses (January 3, 1947 - January 3, 1959; was not a candidate for the 86th Congress).
Legacy.
Isabel's struggle was not in vain, in 1917, the United States Congress passed the Jones-Shafroth Act which conferred United States citizenship on all citizens of Puerto Rico and allowed conscription (military draft) to be extended to the island. The act, which was signed into law by President Woodrow Wilson on March 2, 1917, also revised the system of the government in Puerto Rico. Isabel González moved to Cranford Township, New Jersey around 1930 with her husband Juan Francisco Torres. Her descendents went on to live in New Jersey, Florida, California and Colorado. She died on June 11, 1971 and is buried with her husband in Holy Cross Cemetery, North Arlington, New Jersey. Her great granddaughter, Belinda Torres-Mary, now actively pursues and maintains information regarding Isabel's history and immigration struggle and is the keeper of the family documents.
Further reading.
González's groundbreaking immigration case was later published in the following books:

</doc>
<doc id="19156512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156512" title="Florence Meyerheim">
Florence Meyerheim

Florence Meyerheim (October 1873 – c.1936) was a British illustrator of children's books. She was born in Barton upon Irwell, the second daughter of Moritz and Mira Meyerheim. She was baptised on 30 Nov 1873 at St Paul, Southport, Lancashire. Her father, who was born in Germany, was a merchant. 
Life and works.
Meyerheim illustrated books by a group of contemporary authors who were associated with the Religious Tract Society, the Sunday School Union and publisher Andrew Melrose, one of the first being W.E. Cule's "Three Little Wise Men and the Star" (1896). She illustrated children’s books by Mrs S.G Arnold, Gertrude Doughty, Blanche Atkinson, Grace Carlton, Charles M. Sheldon, Ada J. Graves, Mrs. Henry Clarke, Charlotte Nye, Elsie J. Oxenham, Edith L. Elias and others. A reviewer of "The New Playfellow" by Gertrude E. M. Vaughan (1901), commented “The illustrations this time are so charming that their author must be named, Florence Meyerheim.” She also illustrated contemporary editions of Tom Brown's Schooldays and Oliver Twist.
In the 1911 Census, Florence Meyerheim, artist, was living at 44 Culmington Rd. Ealing, London, with her sister, Maude. In 1919, she, her sister and her brother Harold changed their surnames by deed poll to Maynham-Elmy. Between 1922 and 1936 she is shown in the London Electoral Registers as continuing to reside in Ealing.
External links.
World Cat. Identities: Florence Meyerheim [http://orlabs.oclc.org/identities/lccn-no2008-69147]

</doc>
<doc id="19156517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156517" title="Moron (psychology)">
Moron (psychology)

Moron is a term once used in psychology to denote mild intellectual disability. The term was closely tied with the American eugenics movement. Once the term became popularized, it fell out of use by the psychological community, as it was used more commonly as an insult than as a psychological term. 
Origin and uses.
"Moron" was coined in 1910 by psychologist Henry H. Goddard from the Ancient Greek word "" ("moros"), which meant "dull" (as opposed to "oxy", which meant "sharp" (see also: oxymoron)), and used to describe a person with a mental age in adulthood of between 8 and 12 on the Binet scale. It was once applied to people with an IQ of 51–70, being superior in one degree to "imbecile" (IQ of 26–50) and superior in two degrees to "idiot" (IQ of 0–25). The word "moron", along with others including, "idiotic", "imbecilic", "stupid", and "feeble-minded", was formerly considered a valid descriptor in the psychological community, but it is now deprecated in use by psychologists.
Following opposition to Goddard's attempts to popularize his ideas, Goddard recanted his earlier assertions about the moron: "It may still be objected that moron parents are likely to have imbecile or idiot children. There is not much evidence that this is the case. The danger is probably negligible."

</doc>
<doc id="19156521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156521" title="North Fork John Day River">
North Fork John Day River

The North Fork John Day River is a tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins in Grant County about northwest of Baker City near the crest of the Blue Mountains. It flows generally west to the community of Dale on U.S. Route 395, then southwest through the city of Monument to the unincorporated community of Kimberly, where it meets the main stem of the John Day River.
The upper reaches of the river flow through the North Fork John Day Wilderness in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest and the Umatilla National Forest. From its headwaters to its confluence with Camas Creek, the river is part of the National Wild and Scenic River system. The upper is classified wild, the next scenic, and the next recreational for a total of .
The North Fork John Day River is one of the most important in northeast Oregon for anadromous fish. Wildlife found near the river includes mule deer, elk, and black bears, Peregrine Falcons, and Bald Eagles. Recreational uses include hunting, fishing, horseback riding, hiking, snowmobiling, skiing, camping, and whitewater rafting.

</doc>
<doc id="19156538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156538" title="Dumb">
Dumb

Dumb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156542" title="TimeShift Trivia">
TimeShift Trivia

TimeShift Trivia was a Canadian game show which airs across the country on Saturday mornings on Global. It was hosted by Jason Agnew and Tina Teggart. Timeshift Trivia had four live episodes every Saturday morning from 1am-2am in each local time zone (exceptions were 1:30am–2:30am in Newfoundland and Labrador and 2am-3am in the Central time zone).
Call for Cash.
Timeshift Trivia was an interactive game show in which the viewers at home were the contestants. In order to participate, the at-home viewer either called their 1-900 number, which cost $1.99 per call; they could text into the show, which cost $2 per text; or the viewer could enter for free online on the TimeShift Trivia website. Every fifth person who entered qualified and had their phone number entered into a pool of numbers, and throughout the program the show's producers randomly called back one of the numbers that had been entered into the pool of numbers. The person who received a call back went on the air, and provided an answer in hopes of winning a cash prize.
The Game.
This quiz usually has 10 covered words on a board corresponding to the celebrity topic of the day. Throughout the program, the hosts gave clues to the answers which were on the board, and they encouraged the at-home viewers to call in and participate to win cash.
Trivia Game.
In the final segment of the show, the contestant is selected to play TimeShift Trivia live on the air via telephone, and they are given one minute to answer five questions. Each of the following categories features one question:
When a contestant answered a question wrong, the game ended, and no additional questions were revealed. The contestant received a dollar value associated with the correct questions they had answered.
If a contestant answered all five questions correctly, they qualified as a regional finalist (a region is defined as one of the following timezones: Atlantic, Eastern, Central/Mountain, Pacific). In the event that there were more than one regional qualifiers, they played down to a single qualifier during the thirteenth week of the program. The successful regional finalists then played for the "2008 National Championship". If there was only one person who answered all five questions correctly in a region, they were automatically the regional finalist. In the event that no one answered all five correctly in the region, the next best accumulative correctly answered questions then qualified contestants. A minimum of three correct answers is required to be considered for the competition.
Regional Semi-Finalist.
The semi-final playdown was conducted by telephone, and not featured on the television broadcast. All telephone conversations were recorded to validate the fair and even game play. Each semi-finalist was called independently, and was given one minute to answer five questions. Each semi-finalist was asked the same questions. The champion was determined by most correctly answered questions, and if there was tie, the winner was the person who answered the questions in the shortest amount of time.
TimeShift Trivia Championship.
All qualifiers per region will play down to one regional finalist. If a region does not have a finalist, that region will not have any representation in the championship.
The championship will be conducted by telephone, which will all be recorded to ensure fair game play. Each of the championship previously recorded telephone questions and answers will be featured on the television broadcast. Each regional semi-finalist will be asked five identical questions, as the champion will have the most correct answers. If there is a tie, the person who answered the most correct questions in the shortest amount of time will win the championship, and a prize of $5000.

</doc>
<doc id="19156543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156543" title="WIOU">
WIOU

WIOU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156567" title="Ron Weasley">
Ron Weasley

Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series. His first appearance was in the first book of the series, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" as the best friend of Harry Potter and Hermione Granger. He is a member of the Weasley family, a pure blood family, who reside in "The Burrow" outside Ottery St. Catchpole. Along with Harry and Hermione, he is a member of the Gryffindor house. Ron is present in most of the action throughout the series.
Character development.
According to Rowling, Ron was among the characters she created "the very first day". Ron is inspired by Rowling's best friend Sean Harris (to whom "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" is dedicated), but she has clearly stated that she "never set out to describe Sean in Ron, but Ron has a Sean-ish turn of phrase." Like Harris is to Rowling, Ron is "always there" when Harry needs him. The character of Ron fits many of the stereotypes expected of the sidekick; he is often used as comic relief, is loyal to the hero, and lacks much of the talent Harry possesses, at least in terms of magical power; however, he proves his bravery several times, such as playing 'real wizard's chess' in the first book, and entering into the Forbidden Forest with Harry during the second book despite his arachnophobia.
Some of Ron's qualities serve as foils to Harry. While Harry is an orphan with more gold than he needs, Ron comes from a loving but poor family; many of his possessions are hand-me-downs. Harry is famous but would prefer to avoid the spotlight; Ron, in comparison, is often perceived as a mere lackey and sometimes becomes jealous of the recognition Harry receives. Finally, Ron is the most mediocre of his siblings, being (as of the first book) neither an excellent Quidditch player, a noteworthy student, nor the daughter his mother always wanted. All these factors have combined to cause Ron serious insecurities; this inferiority complex, and his need to prove himself, is the main thrust of his character arc.
Appearances.
"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone".
Rowling first introduces Ron with his family in "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". Harry is lost at King's Cross railway station and the Weasleys guide him through the barrier of Platform 9¾ into the wizarding world. Ron and Harry share a compartment on the Hogwarts Express, and they begin their friendship: Ron fascinated with the famous Harry, and Harry fascinated with the ordinary Ron. It is here that they both meet Hermione Granger as well, whom they initially dislike but who later becomes their close friend after they save each other during a dangerous encounter with a mountain troll. Ron and Harry share the same classes throughout the series, and generally have similar academic successes and disappointments. Ron plays a vital part in the quest to save the Philosopher's Stone. His strategy at Wizard's Chess allows Hermione and Harry to proceed safely through a dangerous life-size, animated chess game. During the game, Ron allows his piece to be sacrificed and is subsequently knocked unconscious. At the Leaving Feast, the last dinner of the school year, Albus Dumbledore, Hogwarts' Headmaster, awards Ron fifty House points to Gryffindor for "the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years." These last-minute points help support Gryffindor's win of the House Cup.
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets".
The second instalment, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (1998), takes place the year following the events of the "Philosopher's Stone".
During the summer, Ron attempts to write to Harry several times. He receives no reply because Dobby the house elf is stopping Harry's wizard mail. Ron becomes so concerned that he and his brothers Fred and George fly their father's enchanted Ford Anglia car to Harry's home at his aunt and uncle's house. Harry spends the next month at the Weasleys' home, the Burrow. While attempting to depart from King's Cross station, Harry and Ron find themselves unable to enter the barrier to access Platform 9¾. With Harry, Ron conceives the idea of taking the flying Ford Anglia to Hogwarts. The plan is successful, but the Anglia loses power at the end of the journey and crashes into the Whomping Willow. Ron and Harry survive the impact, but the car drives itself off into the Forbidden Forest, a forest at the edge of the Hogwarts grounds in which student access is prohibited. Ron receives a Howler from his mother, berating him for taking the car.
Later in the novel, Ron and Harry transform themselves using Polyjuice Potion to resemble Draco Malfoy's close associates Crabbe and Goyle, so that they can spy on him, and find out what he knows about the Chamber of Secrets. During the hunt to find the Heir of Slytherin, Ron is responsible for providing the first clue to the identity of Tom Marvolo Riddle, recalling that he saw the name "T. M. Riddle" on a trophy inscribed "For Special Services to the School". Later Ron is forced to come face-to-face with his worst nightmare, spiders, in the Forbidden Forest, where the two have ventured at Hagrid's suggestion. Giant spiders nearly devour the two of them, but the Weasley Ford Anglia returns from the Forbidden Forest and rescues the pair. Ron and Harry then discover the entrance into the Chamber, and enter it in the hopes of saving Ginny Weasley, Ron's sister, who had been kidnapped and kept in the Chamber. Due to an accident with Ron's wand, the Chamber Entrance's ceiling collapses, trapping Ron on one side and Harry on the other. Harry goes on to rescue Ginny and save the day. Ron and Harry are given Special Awards for Services to the School for this, and he receives two hundred points, along with Harry for their success in the Chamber of Secrets.
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban".
In "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (1999), Ron's role is minor compared to that in "Chamber of Secrets", and Hermione's role, which was more sidelined in "Chamber of Secrets", is larger.
When Ron's rat, Scabbers, already seen in "Philosopher's Stone", goes missing, he blames Hermione's new cat Crookshanks, and the two have a falling out. They eventually make up when Hermione has a nervous breakdown brought by taking too many classes and distress at the fate of the hippogriff Buckbeak. The animal, owned by Hagrid, has been put on trial for injuring Draco Malfoy and risks execution. Ron offers to help with the preparation of Buckbeak's defence, but this fails to help. Harry, Ron and Hermione go to see Hagrid on the execution day where they discover Scabbers hiding out in Hagrid's hut. As they leave, Scabbers struggles free of Ron and runs away. He chases Scabbers to the Whomping Willow where he is grabbed by a large black dog and dragged into a tunnel hidden below the tree.
Harry and Hermione follow the tunnel, which leads to the Shrieking Shack. The dog is actually the animal form of Sirius Black (an Animagus), Harry's godfather and an escaped convict from the wizard prison Azkaban. The school's Defence Against the Dark Arts professor Remus Lupin arrives just after Harry and Hermione. Along with Black, Lupin casts a spell on Scabbers, who also turns out to be an Animagus by the name of Peter Pettigrew. Pettigrew was Black's, Lupin's, and James Potter's school friend, thought to have been murdered by Black. Pettigrew, who had lived as a rat ever since faking his death, denies everything, but Sirius and Lupin piece together that he has been a servant of Voldemort, and it was he who divulged the secret whereabouts of Harry's parents, leading to their murder. Initially, Ron does not believe Sirius and refuses to turn over Scabbers to him, but he is disgusted when he learns his rat's identity. Pettigrew escapes when the main characters lead him out of the Whomping Willow. Ron, knocked out by a spell from Pettigrew, is taken to the hospital wing, and is forced to remain there while Harry and Hermione travel back in time to save Sirius and Buckbeak. At the end of the novel, Sirius sends Ron an excitable little owl whom Ginny names Pigwidgeon, but whom Ron refers to as "Pig".
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".
In "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2000), the Weasleys invite Harry and Hermione to the Quidditch World Cup. Ron is in awe of his favourite Quidditch champion, Viktor Krum. Ron is even more excited when Krum, still a student at the Durmstrang wizarding school, comes to Hogwarts to take part in the Triwizard Tournament, a magical wizarding tournament opposing the top three magic schools in Europe. However, when Harry, underage, mysteriously becomes the fourth Tournament champion, Ron joins the dissenters who think Harry somehow cheated his way into the tournament and feels let down; according to Hermione, this stems from Ron's latent feelings of being left out of the spotlight shared by Harry or his brothers. The rift is serious enough that the friends fail to make up for nearly a month. They only reconcile shortly after Harry successfully gets by a fire-breathing dragon in the first task; Ron realises how dangerous the Tournament is and finally believes that Harry did not enter himself.
At Christmas time, as per Triwizard Tournament tradition, Hogwarts hosts a Yule Ball. Ron and Harry panic at the prospect of having to secure dates for the event, and Ron appalls Hermione with his immature approach, particularly for failing to extend her an invitation, apparently failing until the last minute to even realise she is a girl. At the last minute, Harry saves the day by getting Parvati Patil and her sister Padma to agree to come with the duo, although Padma seems less than pleased at Ron's surly attitude and shabby dress. Ron becomes overcome with jealousy when he sees Hermione with her date: his former idol Viktor Krum. When Hermione comes over to Ron and Harry for a friendly chat, Ron loses control and accuses her of "fraternising with the enemy" and giving away Harry's Triwizard secrets. At the evening's end, the two have a heated row, in which Hermione tells Ron he should have asked her before Krum, rather than simply hoping to secure her by default. Ron completely fails to get the hint and remains either in denial or oblivious to the pair's increasingly obvious feelings for each other. Ron's jealousy over Krum is mirrored by Hermione's dislike of Fleur Delacour (of the Beauxbatons Academy and a Triwizard competitor), on whom Ron has an obvious crush.
In the Second Task of the Tournament, Ron is the person selected for Harry to rescue from the depths of the Hogwarts Lake, as he is the one whom Harry would most miss. Harry successfully saves him and Ron mocks him gently for thinking that the hostages for the task were in actual danger.
"Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix".
In "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" (2003), Ron is appointed a Gryffindor prefect, much to the surprise of himself and everyone else, especially Hermione, the other new prefect. His brother, Percy, now distant and disconnected from the family, sends Ron an owl congratulating him and advising him to "sever ties" with Harry and side himself instead with Professor Umbridge, the abominable new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts; the letter angers Ron. Ron explicitly shows his support and loyalty for Harry when his classmates imply Harry is lying about the return of Voldemort, sometimes using his power as prefect to threaten them into silence. Though they spend their usual amount of time bickering, Ron and Hermione present a united front endorsing Harry. Ron supports Hermione's suggestion of Harry teaching students practical Defence Against the Dark Arts, which Umbridge, using the Ministry of Magic to slowly take over the Dumbledore-run school, has all but banned. He co-founds the secret students' group called Dumbledore's Army. He also joins the Gryffindor Quidditch team, but his nerves and confidence issues often get the better of him during practices and matches, causing the Slytherins to make up a song about how Ron will make sure Slytherin win the interhouse Quidditch Cup. However, during the last match, Ron plays better and wins the game and the Quidditch Cup for Gryffindor. At the climax of the novel, Ron battles the Death Eaters alongside Harry, Hermione, Ginny, Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood at the Department of Mysteries. He is injured in the fight, but makes a full recovery by the end of the novel.
"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince".
In "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" (2005) Ron, who has grown taller over the summer, attracts the attention of Lavender Brown. Harry, the new Quidditch Captain, picks Ron to continue as Keeper for the Gryffindor Quidditch team, over competing candidate Cormac McLaggen who is equally-skilled but has difficulty with teamwork and following orders. Upon learning Hermione most likely had kissed Viktor Krum, Ron performs increasingly badly at Quidditch, and thrown off by jealousy of his former idol, becomes unkind to Hermione. His low self-esteem is not helped much by his younger sister, Ginny Weasley, who after Ron reacts badly to finding her kissing her boyfriend, throws in the fact that of those in the group, Ron is the only one who has never had his first kiss. To bolster Ron's confidence, Harry pretends to give him Felix Felicis, a potion which makes the drinker lucky; believing he has actually taken it, Ron performs admirably and Gryffindor wins the match. However, this leads to a major row between Ron and Hermione: Hermione accuses Harry of helping Ron cheat, while Ron berates Hermione for having no faith in his abilities. At a post-game celebration, Ron kisses Lavender (though Ginny describes it as "eating her face"). Hermione, jealous and seeking retaliation, takes Cormac McLaggen as her date to new Potions professor Horace Slughorn's Christmas party, but he proves to be an egomaniac. After Christmas, Hermione continues to ignore Ron, stopping only to give him disdainful looks and occasional snide remarks. By now, Ron is visibly discontent with his relationship with Lavender.
On his birthday in March, Ron accidentally eats love-potion-infused Chocolate Cauldrons (actually meant for Harry). After being cured by Slughorn, he then consumes poisoned mead (which Draco Malfoy actually intended for Dumbledore). Harry saves his life by forcing a bezoar, a poison antidote, into his mouth, and Ron is transferred to the hospital wing. A panic-stricken Hermione arrives, forgetting her past anger. While sitting by his bed, Hermione, Harry, Ginny and the twins hear Ron mutter Hermione's name in his delirium, although they do not hear what he is saying and ignore it. Conversely, Ron feigns sleep when Lavender visits him. Upon recovering, Ron and Hermione reconcile, and a little while later, Ron and Lavender break up. Rowling in an interview said that she "really enjoyed writing the Ron/Lavender business, and the reason that was enjoyable was Ron up to this point has been quite immature compared to the other two, and he kind of needed to make himself worthy of Hermione...he had to grow up emotionally and now he's taken a big step up."
Initially, Ron does not support Harry's belief that Draco Malfoy is a Death Eater, a follower of Voldemort, but is later convinced. Before leaving Hogwarts with Dumbledore to recover a Horcrux Harry arranges for Ron, Hermione, and Ginny—together with any of Dumbledore's Army they can summon—to keep a close watch on Malfoy and Snape. Harry also provides them with the remains of his vial of Felix Felicis, to aid them in the effort. Despite the D.A.'s watch, Malfoy provides the Death Eaters entrance into Hogwarts, and a battle ensues. Thanks to Felix Felicis, Ron, Hermione and Ginny are unharmed by the Death Eater's hexes during the battle. Snape kills Dumbledore during the battle when Malfoy proves that he is unable to. During his funeral, Ron comforts a weeping Hermione. Ron and Hermione vow to help Harry find and destroy the Horcruxes and kill Voldemort, even if it means leaving Hogwarts.
Attention is drawn several times to Ron's deepening relationships to Harry and Hermione, with unresolved romantic tension with Hermione being one of the main subplots of the novel (and indeed, the entire series). Furthermore, Harry and Ron's friendship has strengthened to the point where Harry can tell Ron that his Quidditch performance is endangering his membership on the team without either character taking it personally.
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows".
Ron agrees to go with Harry and Hermione on the quest to destroy all of Voldemort's Horcruxes. Worried that the Ministry, now taken over by Voldemort, will learn he is with Potter on a quest, Ron dresses the family ghoul up in pyjamas and spreads the story he is ill with "spattergroit", a type of highly contagious magical illness. Ron disguises himself as Reginald Cattermole as the trio attempts to find the locket Horcrux in the possession of Dolores Umbridge.
Harry decides he wants someone to wear the Horcrux at all time, fearing it might be lost or stolen. This has a much more profound effect on Ron than it seems to have on Hermione or Harry. Ron ends up lashing out in frustration at the lack of comforts and a concrete plan, eventually leaving his friends behind. Distressed over his absence, Harry and Hermione do not even mention his name during the time that he is gone. However, when they finally mention his name, Ron, who had immediately regretted his decision to leave but was captured by Snatchers and then could not return due to Hermione's anti-Death Eater enchantments, was led to Harry's location by unknown magic within the Deluminator he inherited from Dumbledore. Ron dramatically returns by saving Harry from drowning when Harry is attempting to recover Godric Gryffindor's sword from an icy pool. Harry, a sudden believer in the fate created by his return, immediately forgives Ron and insists it must be Ron who uses the sword to destroy Slytherin's locket. However, the portion of Voldemort's soul inside it plays on Ron's insecurities by revealing that he thinks he is "least loved by a mother who craved a daughter", then by showing him a Harry who tells him that he was happier without him and a Hermione that does not return his affections and is involved instead with Harry. Ron summons his courage and finally breaks through the spell, destroying the locket, but is visibly shaken until Harry tells him that he thinks of Hermione as a sister and a friend, nothing more.
The trio are eventually captured by Snatchers, and Bellatrix Lestrange tortures Hermione with the Cruciatus Curse for information. This sends Ron into a panic, and he continually screams and fights with all his effort to save her, despite Harry's instruction that he calm down and think of a better plan. The trio and some other prisoners are rescued by Dobby, but the house-elf is killed by Bellatrix during the escape. Eventually, the trio returns to Hogwarts, hoping to find the last unknown Horcrux shown in Harry's vision. Having lost the Sword of Gryffindor to Griphook the goblin, Ron gets an idea to procure more Basilisk fangs and manages to speak enough Parseltongue to open the Chamber of Secrets, where Hermione destroys the Horcrux in Helga Hufflepuff's cup. He begins to worry about the fate of Hogwarts' elves. Upon hearing this, Hermione drops the basilisk fangs she was carrying and kisses him for the first time. He also takes part in the Battle of Hogwarts, witnessing the death of his brother Fred, and teams up with Neville to defeat Fenrir Greyback.
Epilogue.
Nineteen years after Voldemort's downfall, Ron is married to Hermione and they have two children: Rose Weasley, whom they are sending off to her first year at Hogwarts, and a younger son named Hugo Weasley. Ron has also passed his Muggle driving test, despite Hermione's apparent belief that he could not do so without Confunding the examiner. However, Ron secretly reveals to Harry he actually did Confund the examiner. He and Harry work for the Ministry of Magic as Aurors, and along with Hermione they have helped to revamp the Ministry; it is far different from the one that existed before. Before becoming an Auror, Ron joins George at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, which becomes a very lucrative business.
Film portrayal.
In the film series, Ron is portrayed by Rupert Grint and is one of few characters to appear in all eight consecutive instalments. Although the earlier films have Ron playing a similar role as he does in the books, the best friend of Harry Potter, the later films reduce the characters role in the story significantly. A prime example being the absence of his sub-plot of being goalie of the Gryffindor Quidditch team in the fifth film.
Characterisation.
Outward appearance.
Rowling introduces Ron as "tall, thin and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose." Ron has the trademark red hair of the Weasleys and is indeed one of Harry's tallest schoolmates, even outgrowing some of his older brothers. Rowling states in the novels that Ron has freckles, though Rupert Grint, the actor who plays Ron, has none. Rowling has also stated that Ron has blue eyes.
Personality.
Rowling in an interview described Ron as very funny but insensitive and immature, "There's a lot of immaturity about Ron, and that's where a lot of the humor comes from." As his first exercise with the actors who portray the central trio, Alfonso Cuarón, who directed the third film in the series, "Prizoner of Azkaban", assigned them to write an autobiographical essay about their character, written in the first person, spanning birth to the discovery of the magical world, and including the character's emotional experience. Of Rupert Grint's essay, Cuarón recalls, "Rupert didn't delivery the essay. When I questioned why he didn't do it, he said, 'I'm Ron; Ron wouldn't do it.' So I said, 'Okay, you do understand your character.'" Commenting on Ron's character development in the final book, Rowling explained that "Ron is the most immature of the three main characters, but in part seven he grows up. He was never strong footed, people see him mostly as Harry's friend; his mother had actually wanted a girl and in the last book he finally has to acknowledge his weaknesses. But it's exactly that which makes Ron a man."
Magical abilities and skills.
Ron is given Charlie Weasley's old, chipped wand, which is made out of ash and has a unicorn hair sticking out of the end. He holds the wand together with Spellotape after nearly breaking it in half at the start of "Chamber of Secrets", but it malfunctions dreadfully after this, backfiring spells, making strange noises, and emitting objects from the wrong end. Ron's new wand is fourteen inches, willow and unicorn hair, which he procures before the start of his third year at Hogwarts. He also shows signs of exceptional tactical ability, as evidenced by his skill at Wizard's Chess (which is played exactly like normal chess but with living pieces). Ron's talents are rarely shown, but he, like the other DA members, survives a violent encounter with adult Death Eaters in "Order of the Phoenix", and it is implied that during the Death Eater assault in "Half-Blood Prince" he held his own quite well because he was being helped by Felix Felicis, the good luck potion. In "Deathly Hallows", Ron loses his original wand, and takes Peter Pettigrew's wand for his own. Following this, Ron begins to demonstrate more aptitude and general knowledge, along with a sudden spurt in maturity after a terrible row with Harry. For a while, he effectively leads the trio in the hunt for the Horcruxes while Harry suffers a major depression.
Rowling has stated that Ron's Patronus Charm takes the form of a Jack Russell Terrier, "a really sentimental choice" as Rowling herself owns a Jack Russell.
Family.
Ron was born into the Weasley family on 1 March 1980, the sixth of their seven children, and the youngest son. His middle name, Bilius, is the same as that of a deceased uncle. Ron grew up in the family home, The Burrow, near the village of Ottery St Catchpole in Devon. Ron has six siblings; his five older brothers, Bill, Charlie, Percy, twins Fred and George, and a younger sister, Ginny, each with their own distinct personality trait. One recurring factor in Ron's siblings is that they often appear to be more confident, self-assured and, to varying degrees, more outwardly talented than he is.
The Weasley family is one of the few remaining pure-blood wizarding families, though they were considered "blood traitors" for associating with non-pure-bloods. Moreover, they are far from rich, and are looked down upon by snobbish "old families" such as the Malfoys. All of the Weasleys have been sorted into Gryffindor House at Hogwarts. All of the Weasley children, except Bill and Percy who both were Head Boy, are known to have played on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, with Charlie being the captain of the team for at least one of his school years. Charlie, Bill, Percy and Ron were also chosen as the prefect of their House. The Weasleys also all work for the Order of the Phoenix, and all are members except for Ron, Percy, and Ginny, who (as of the end of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows") are not known to officially have been inducted into the Order. Arthur is distantly related to Sirius Black and is part of the famed Black family, though he and the rest of his immediate family have been considered "blood traitors" and are disowned. Other distant relatives include Draco Malfoy, Nymphadora Tonks, and Bellatrix Lestrange.
Reception.
Ron was chosen by IGN as their third favourite "Harry Potter" character, who said that Ron's status as comic relief made him "instantly endearing" and that his frustration and flirtation with Hermione Granger was a "highlight".
In popular culture.
Ron has made several appearances in parodies of "Harry Potter". Seth Meyers appeared as Ron in "Saturday Night Live" in the sketch in which Lindsay Lohan portrays Hermione. On his "The Big Impression" show, Alistair McGowan did a sketch called "Louis Potter and the Philosopher's Scone". It featured impressions of Anne Robinson as Ron. In 2003, Comic Relief performed a spoof story called "Harry Potter and the Secret Chamberpot of Azerbaijan", in which Jennifer Saunders appeared as both Ron and J. K. Rowling. In "Harry Podder: Dude Where's My Wand?", a play by Desert Star Theater in Utah, written by sisters Laura J., Amy K. and Anna M. Lewis, Ron appears as "Ron Sneasley". In the "Harry Bladder" sketches in "All That", Ron appears as ReRon and is played by Bryan Hearne. Ron also is a regular character in "Potter Puppet Pals" sketches by Neil Cicierega. In one of the episodes, "The Mysterious Ticking Noise", Ron, along with Snape, Harry, Hermione and Dumbledore, is killed by a bomb placed by Voldemort; the episode being the seventeenth most viewed video of all time as of 2008 and the winner for "Best Comedy" of the year 2007 at YouTube. In the 2008 American comedy film "Yes Man", Carl (portrayed by Jim Carrey) attends a Harry Potter-themed party hosted by Norman (Rhys Darby), in which Norman disguises as Ron. In "A Very Potter Musical" (2009) and "A Very Potter Sequel" (2010), parody musicals by StarKid Productions, Ron was portrayed by Joey Richter.

</doc>
<doc id="19156588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156588" title="Big-eared flying fox">
Big-eared flying fox

The big-eared flying fox ("Pteropus macrotis") is a species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It is found in elevations less than , particularly in coastal mangroves.

</doc>
<doc id="19156606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156606" title="W32.Gammima.AG">
W32.Gammima.AG

W32.Gammima.AG is a computer worm that was detected by NASA on computers in space aboard the International Space Station (ISS)) in August 2007. The virus, a gaming virus made to steal login information for net-based computer games, did not pose any threat to the ISS.
The ISS has no direct net connection, and all data traffic travelling from the ground to the spacecraft is scanned before being transmitted. It is thought that the virus might have travelled via a flash or USB drive taken into space by an astronaut. 
The worm copies itself to all drives from C: through Z: as the following file:
LETTER:\ntdelect.com

</doc>
<doc id="19156609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156609" title="For Freedom and Truth">
For Freedom and Truth

For Freedom and Truth was the last proclamation of the Hungarian National Government written on 4 November 1956 in Budapest, Hungary, during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, by Minister of State Bibó István in the parliament building as the author, and the only person and representative of the government remaining in the parliament, awaited arrest by Soviet military forces.
History.
The Soviet army attacked the dawn of 4 November 1956 and Nagy Imre visited the Soviet embassy for negotiations but did not return. In the morning Tildy Zoltán together with Szabó István and Bibó István held a meeting in the parliament, but when the Soviet troops reached and surrounded the building Tildy Zoltán went to negotiate with them and reached an agreement: the Soviets could occupy the building after all civilians left safely and Tildy Zoltán would leave as well.
The proclamation's author, Bibó István, was the only cabinet minister who remained at his post in the parliament building and thus considered himself the only representative of the Hungarian government at the time.
The proclamation.
The proclamation claimed that the Hungarian government did not seek to pursue an anti-Soviet policy, and denounced accusations that the revolution was orchestrated by fascists. It proposed that the Hungarian government would have been able to limit mob rule and said that the intervention of a foreign army was the major cause of tensions.
Bibó István called the Hungarians to not recognise the Soviet military or the Soviet puppet government as legal authority, and to resist them with passive civil disobedience, but not a civil war. The author had been in the government for only one day and claimed that the reason he did not call for armed resistance was that he was not aware of the military situation.
The author called the world great powers and the United Nations to protect the freedom of the Hungarian nation in accordance with the United Nations Charter.
The proclamation declared Minister of State Kéthly Anna to be the only authorised representative of the Hungarian government abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19156623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156623" title="HD 34557">
HD 34557

HD 34557 is a double or multiple star in the Auriga constellation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19156628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156628" title="Kaze no Tegami">
Kaze no Tegami

"Kaze no Tegami" () is a Japanese-language song by Tibetan singer Alan, from her debut studio album "Voice of Earth" (2009). The single was released on September 10, 2008, and peaked at number thirty-four on the "Oricon" charts. "Kaze no Tegami" is Alan's third consecutive single in the theme of traditional elements; representing wind in the Japanese Godai and the Tibetan Bön.

</doc>
<doc id="19156629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156629" title="Anoda cristata">
Anoda cristata

Anoda cristata is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by many common names, including spurred anoda, crested anoda, and violettas. Its exact native range is unclear but it probably spans Mexico and part or all of Central America. It is known throughout the rest of the Americas as well as Australia as an introduced species and often a noxious weed. This is an annual herb reaching a maximum erect height between one half and one meter. The stem is ridged and branching. The plant is variable in morphology, especially in leaf shape, but leaves are usually somewhat triangular, and hairy. Solitary flowers grow in the leaf axils. The flower is 2 to 3 centimeters wide, with pointed green to reddish sepals and lavender petals. The fruit is a bristly, disc-shaped capsule with 9 to 20 segments. Each segment produces a seed. This is sometimes an agricultural weed, especially of soybeans. It is tolerated as a weed of crop fields in parts of Mexico, and even fostered, because it is eaten and used as a source of medicinal remedies.

</doc>
<doc id="19156632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156632" title="White Night Wedding">
White Night Wedding

White Night Wedding () is a 2008 Icelandic film directed by Baltasar Kormákur. The bittersweet comedy, about the never-ending search for love and happiness, takes place in Flatey, Breiðafjörður, western Iceland. The film is loosely based on the play "Ivanov" by Anton Chekhov.
Plot.
The film opens with a wedding rehearsal at a small church in an isolated, barren landscape. At the altar the groom-to-be (Jon, a middle-aged literature professor) is repeatedly interrupted by the ringing of his cell phone, much to the annoyance of the minister. The present narrative alternates with flashbacks, in which the disintegration of Jon's first marriage to Anna (a sensitive artist) is seen. Jon's second wife is a former student half his age, which triggers disapproval by some (including his future in-laws). As preparations for the wedding unfold during the "white night" (the shortest night of the year, when it is never fully dark), the reason for Jon's increasing reluctance to marry is revealed: he and Anna visited the same spot a year earlier, when she died in an accident after discovering Jon and Thora (his former student) making love. The marriage finally takes place, and Jon and Thora settle down to a life very much like the one he had with Anna.
Critical reception.
"White Night Wedding" was nominated for the 2008 Nordic Council Film Prize and the 2009 Academy Awards for Best Foreign Film. It received seven Edda Awards in 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19156642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156642" title="Diablo III">
Diablo III

Diablo III is an action role-playing video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment. It is the third installment in the "Diablo" franchise and was released in the Americas, Europe, South Korea, and Taiwan on May 15, 2012, and Russia on June 7, 2012, for Microsoft Windows and OS X. A console version was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on September 3, 2013. This is the first Blizzard Entertainment video games to be published by Square Enix in Japan.
In the game, players choose one of five character classes—Witch Doctor, Barbarian, Wizard, Monk, or Demon Hunter—and are tasked with defeating the Lord of Terror, Diablo.
"Diablo III" set a new record for fastest-selling PC game by selling over 3.5 million copies in the first 24 hours of its release, and was the best selling PC game of 2012, selling more than 12 million copies during the year. During its initial launch, players weren't able to log on for hours because of server issues that were partially due to the volume of players simultaneously online. Diablo III received generally positive reviews from critics, although its digital rights management that requires an internet connection at all times, in game auction house, and lack of end game content were criticized.
As a sequel to "Diablo II", new features included an online auction house, which allows players to trade virtual items with in-game gold or real life money, and artisans that can craft materials gathered by the player to create new items. The auction house functionality has proven controversial, with Blizzard expressing concern over its impact on the overall game experience. On September 17, 2013, Blizzard stated both the gold and real-money auction houses will be shut down on March 18, 2014.
Gameplay.
Much like in Diablo and Diablo II, equipment is randomized. In addition to base stats (such as damage and attack speed for weapon or armor points on armor), higher-quality items have additional properties, such as extra damage, attribute bonuses, bonuses to critical hit chance or sockets (which allow items to be upgraded and customized by adding gems for various stat bonuses). Magic-quality have 1 to 3 random properties, rare-quality items have 4 to 6 random properties and legendary-quality items typically have 6 to 8 properties with varying degrees of randomness (for example, the Mempo of Twilight, a legendary helm, always has a socket, bonuses to elemental resistance, attack speed and life, a bonus to either Intelligence, Dexterity or Strength, and one additional random proprety, however the magnitude of these bonuses varies from item to item), and set items are a subtype of legendary items which provide additional, cumulative bonuses if multiple items from the same set are simultaneously equipped. Higher level monsters tend to drop higher or level items, which tend to have higher base stats and bonuses.
Gameplay is similar to that of previous titles in the "Diablo" franchise. The game is classified as an action adventure game that is played primarily using the mouse to direct the character with supplementary commands provided through the keyboard.
The proprietary engine incorporates Blizzard's custom in-house physics, and features destructible environments with an in-game damage effect. The developers sought to make the game run on a wide range of systems without requiring DirectX 10. "Diablo III" uses a custom 3D game engine in order to present an overhead view to the player, in a somewhat similar way to the isometric view used in previous games in the series. Enemies utilize the 3D environment as well, in ways such as crawling up the side of a wall from below into the combat area.
As in "Diablo II", multiplayer games are possible using Blizzard's Battle.net service, with many of the new features developed for "" also available in "Diablo III". Players are also able to drop in and out of sessions of co-operative play with other players. Unlike its predecessor, "Diablo III" requires players to be connected to the internet constantly due to their DRM policy, even for single-player games.
An enhanced quest system, a random level generator, and a random encounter generator are used in order to ensure the game provides different experiences when replayed.
Unlike previous iterations, gold can be picked up merely by touching it, or coming within range, adjusted by gear, rather than having to manually pick it up. One of the new features intended to speed gameplay is that health orbs drop from enemies, replacing the need to have a potion bar, which itself is replaced by a skill bar that allows a player to assign quick bar buttons to skills and spells; previously, players could only assign two skills (one for each mouse button) and had to swap skills with the keyboard or mousewheel. Players can still assign specific attacks to mouse buttons.
Skill runes, another new feature, are skill modifiers that are unlocked as the player levels up. Unlike the socketable runes in "Diablo II", skill runes are not items but instead provide options for enhancing skills, often completely changing the gameplay of each skill. For example, one skill rune for the Wizard's meteor ability reduces its arcane power cost, while another turns the meteor to ice, causing cold damage rather than fire.
Hardcore mode.
As in "Diablo II", "Diablo III" gives players the choice to make hardcore characters. Players are required to first level up a regular character to level 10 before they have the option to create new Hardcore characters. Hardcore characters cannot be resurrected; instead they become permanently unplayable if they are killed. They also do not have access to the real-world money auction house. Hardcore characters are separately ranked, and they can only form teams with other hardcore characters. After dying, the ghost of a hardcore character can still chat, the name still shows up in rankings, but the character cannot return to the game.
Artisans.
Artisans are NPCs who sell and craft. Two types of artisans can be introduced by completing a quest for each: Haedrig Eamon the Blacksmith and Covetous Shen the Jeweler. The previously announced Mystic Artisan has been pulled, possibly to be released later on. Artisans create items using materials the player can gather by scrapping acquired items and reducing them to their component parts. These materials are used to create items which will have random bonuses. Unlike "Diablo II", rare and magic items can be enhanced, not just basic weaponry and armor. Crafting can also be used to train and improve the skills of the artisans rather than create new items. When artisans gain new levels, their shop reflects their higher skill level. The process of salvaging items into materials also makes inventory management easier. Blizzard stated that this crafting system was designed so that it would not slow down the pace of the game.
Followers.
Followers are NPC allies that can accompany the player throughout the game world. There are three followers in "Diablo III": Kormac the Templar, Lyndon the Scoundrel and Eirena the Enchantress, who each possess their own skills and background. As followers fight alongside the player, they gain new experience, skills, and equipment as they level up. Only one follower accompanies the player at a time, creating a gameplay strategy decision. Originally, followers were only going to appear in Normal mode, however Jay Wilson stated at BlizzCon 2011 that followers would continue to be usable in later difficulty levels. Followers do not appear in co-op games nor against Diablo, as he will trap them in a cage of metal bones.
Auction house.
On August 1, 2011, it was reported that "Diablo III" would feature two types of auction houses; one where players spend in-game gold and another where players can buy or sell virtual items for real-world money. The real-money auction house is not available in Hardcore mode.
Prior to release Blizzard stated that nearly everything that drops on the ground, including gold, can be traded with other players either directly or through the auction house system. Aside from certain bound on account items, such as the Staff of Herding needed to access the Whimsyshire easter egg, Blizzard stated there would be very few items that would be bound to a particular character and therefore un-tradable.
In order to get rated in South Korea, Blizzard had to remove the real-money auction house from the Korean release of the game as the auction house violated Korean anti-gambling laws.
In the gold-based auction house, a flat fee of 15 percent is taken from the final sale price of an auction. The real-money auction house fees are US$1, €1 or £1 (or equivalent) for equipment (weapons and armor) and 15 percent fee for commodity auctions, which include items like crafting materials, blacksmith and jewel crafting plans, and gold exchange. There is an additional 15 percent "cashing-out" fee from proceeds gained selling items in the real-money auction house.
While the gold-based auction house is available to any player regardless of which region they play in, the real-money auction is restricted to players on their home region. If they use the global play function to play in a different region, they will not be able to access the real-money auction house. The real money auction house was opened on June 12, 2012 (June 15 in the Americas).
In March 2013 former "Diablo III" game director Jay Wilson stated that he felt the existence of the auction houses "really hurt" the game. "I think we would turn it off if we could," Wilson said during his talk. But the problem is "not as easy as that."
On September 17, 2013, Blizzard stated both the gold and real-money auction houses will be shut down in March 18 2014.
PvP combat.
Player versus player combat (PvP) was added to "Diablo III" in a limited form with the 1.0.7 patch, in February 2013. The "Brawling" system provides a simple free for all area where between two and four characters can fight and defeat each other as long as they like, but without any scores or damage being tracked. Players can participate by choosing from their existing characters, with access to all of the gear and skill they have gathered from playing the game in single-player or cooperative mode.
PvP content for "Diablo III" had been discussed throughout the game's development, but on March 9, 2012, Blizzard announced that PvP had been delayed and would not be included with the game's release. Lead designer Jay Wilson said in a post on Battle.net that the PvP Arena system would arrive in a post-release patch; it would include multiple Arena maps with themed locations and layouts, PvP-centric achievements, and a quick and easy matchmaking system. "We'll also be adding a personal progression system that will reward you for successfully bashing in the other team's skulls", Wilson added.
On December 27, 2012, Blizzard announced that the previously mentioned "Team Deathmatch" or "Arena" mode was cancelled, because it did not have enough depth. Instead a simple PvP system would be added for the time being. That PvP mode was initially named "Dueling", and was renamed to "Brawling" before release. Although the PvP systems initially outlined were not released, Blizzard stated that they will add other full-featured PvP systems in a future free content patch. In a May 2013 interview, Diablo III developer Wyatt Cheng stated that the development team was looking to see how the Brawling PvP evolves, while they "continue to work on figuring out something more objective-based."
Character classes.
There are five available character classes. In the previous two games, each class had a fixed gender, but in "Diablo III" players may choose the gender they would like to play. 
The Archivist class was presented on April 1, 2009, following in Blizzard's April Fool's Day joke tradition. 
Plot.
The game takes place in Sanctuary, the dark fantasy world of the "Diablo" series, twenty years after the events of "Diablo II". Deckard Cain and his niece Leah are in Tristram Cathedral investigating ancient texts regarding an ominous prophecy. A mysterious star falling from the sky strikes the Cathedral, creating a deep crater into which Deckard Cain disappears.
The protagonist arrives in the town of New Tristram to investigate the falling star which struck the cathedral, which is now emanating risen dead; the same cathedral that was the setting of "Diablo". The protagonist accompanies Leah to the cathedral in order to rescue Cain from the crater into which he fell. After rescuing Cain, the protagonist learns that the only way to the fallen star is to defeat King Leoric, the former ruler of Tristram known now as the 'Skeleton King'. Cain informs the protagonist that Leoric's crown must be recovered to defeat him, and the protagonist searches for Leoric's crown with the aid of Haedrig Eamon, the blacksmith of New Tristram. After recovering the crown, the protagonist defeats Leoric and finds a stranger where the fallen star landed. The stranger's only memory is of a sword that shattered into three pieces as he fell.
The hero recovers the sword pieces from the Khazra Den and the Drowned Temple, opposed by the witch Maghda, leader of the local cult known as the Dark Coven. Maghda, however, recovers the third piece before the protagonist does and attempts to force Cain to repair the sword. Leah, however, kills the cultists with a surge of magical power, forcing Maghda to kill Cain and flee with the stranger. Cain, before dying, repairs the sword and tasks the protagonist with returning it to the stranger, revealing that the sword is angelic in nature. The protagonist pursues Maghda into the bowels of King Leoric's dilapidated torture chambers underneath his manor, rescuing the stranger and returning to him his sword after a violent fight with the Butcher, a powerful demon. The stranger's memories are recovered, and it is revealed that he is the Archangel Tyrael, the Aspect of Justice. Disgusted with his fellow angels' unwillingness to protect humanity from the forces of Hell, Tyrael cast aside his divinity to become a mortal and warn Sanctuary about the arrival of the demon lords Belial (Lord of Lies) and Azmodan (Lord of Sin).
The protagonist, Leah, and Tyrael travel to the city of Caldeum. The protagonist leaves to track down Maghda at Alcarnus as per orders from Asheara, commander of the Iron Wolves (returning from "Diablo II"), while Leah and Tyrael search for evidence of Belial in the city sewers. The protagonist heads to Khasim Outpost to try and pass the gate, but a suspicious man tells them to speak with Captain Davyd in the Command Post. When the hero walks in, Maghda thinks they were given as a sacrifice to Belial, but the hero cleverly states that the Lord of Lies sent her there as bait. Offended by the insult, Maghda orders the Imperial Guards (demons in disguise) to mince the hero. Thankfully, Davyd and the Iron Wolves reclaim Khasim Outpost from the serpent demons, and the hero is given access to Alcarnus. After freeing all of the prisoners at Alcarnus, the hero fights Maghda in her lair and destroys her, avenging Cain, then returns to Caldeum to rescue Leah from the grasp of the Imperial Guards. Asheara leads the hero and the follower to the palace to gain audience with the young Emperor of Caldeum, Hakan II, who blames them for the chaos in Alcarnus. Though the hero tells him that Belial's servants were the cause of the killings, the Emperor orders his guards to bring Leah in, then heads to the throne room - not before ordering the guards to take the hero down. With Asheara covering their escape, the hero, the follower and Leah sprint to the sewers, where Leah has learned that her mother, Adria (the witch of Tristram from the original game) is still alive. The protagonist aids Leah in rescuing Adria from the city's sewers.
Adria reveals that the key to stopping the forces of Hell is the Black Soulstone, which can trap the souls of the seven Lords of Hell and destroy them forever. The protagonist resurrects the soul of the traitor Horadrim, Zoltun Kulle, in order to recover the Black Soulstone, who reveals that it is hidden in his archives. After recovering Kulle's body and some of his blood, so that he can open his lair, the protagonist is forced to defeat him after he attempts to take the soulstone for himself. Upon returning to Caldeum, the protagonist finds the city under attack by Belial's forces. All of the citizens run for the sewers, and Adria and Leah fight their way to the palace with the aid of the protagonist, revealing Belial as having taken the form of Emperor Hakan to deceive them, and eventually defeat him. Leah traps his soul within the Black Soulstone, freeing Caldeum, after which she receives a vision of the demon lord Azmodan, who is invading Sanctuary from the crater of Mount Arreat (destroyed by Tyrael in "") in order to retrieve the Black Soulstone and empower himself, becoming the Prime Evil.
The protagonist travels to Bastion's Keep with Tyrael, the follower, Leah and Adria to find it under attack by Azmodan's army. Tyrael instructs the hero to light the signal fires on the keep's walls. Then after that, one of the keep's soldiers instructs the hero to have the catapults to be put to bear. With that done, after the hero enters the stronghold, Azmodan cleverly tells the hero that his forces have breached the depths of the keep and that Sanctuary will be burned when they retrieve the soulstone for him. After traversing the depths of the keep and defeating the demon Ghom, the Lord of Gluttony, in the larder, the hero is instructed to check the Armory by Lieutenant Lavail. When the hero walks in, a large fire nova knocks the guards out cold, and shadows appear. After the shades are repelled, Tyrael instructs the hero to reduce Azmodan's siege weapons to piles of rubble. With this done, the protagonist travels to crater of Mount Arreat to confront Azmodan. Tyrael assists the protagonist in reaching the demonic gate protecting the crater, and destroys it with his sword, "El'druin". After a gruesome battle with a huge Siegebreaker Assault Beast, The protagonist traverses the depths of Arreat's inner core to destroy the Sin Hearts, which empower Azmodan and his armies. Azmodan's consort Cydaea, the Maiden of Lust, attempts to protect the hearts, but is defeated by the hero. The protagonist then confronts and defeats Azmodan, and Leah seals his soul within the Black Soulstone. With all seven Lords of Hell trapped within the stone, Tyrael states that the Eternal Conflict between Heaven and Hell will be ended if the stone is destroyed. The protagonist returns to Bastion's Keep, but finds that Adria has betrayed them. Adria reveals she has been serving Diablo from the beginning, and that Leah's father is Leoric's son Aidan, the Dark Wanderer (the Warrior player character from the first game and Diablo's reincarnate body in "Diablo II"), who was possessed by Diablo. Adria sacrifices Leah and uses the Black Soulstone to resurrect Diablo. Now in possession of all the souls of the Lords of Hell, Diablo becomes the Prime Evil, and begins an assault on the High Heavens.
The protagonist arrives in the High Heavens to find it already under attack. Imperius, the Aspect of Valor, blames the protagonist and Tyrael for their downfall, causing Tyrael to give in to despair. After disposing of Iskatu, The protagonist meets Ithuriel, the Aspect of Fate, who instructs them to rescue Auriel, the Aspect of Hope, from Rakanoth, the Lord of Despair, in the Library of Fate, west of the Gardens of Hope. After rescuing Auriel and returning hope to the forces of Heaven, the hero is then instructed by Auriel to close the Hell Rifts. After this is done, the protagonist finds Tyrael, who has overcome his despair. Together, they attempt to stop Diablo from reaching the Crystal Arch, the source of power for the forces of Heaven, but not before a brawl with Izual, Tyrael's corrupted former lieutenant. After a long but fierce battle, Diablo is defeated and his physical manifestation destroyed. The Black Soulstone is shown falling from the High Heavens, . After the battle, Tyrael decides to rejoin the High Heavens as the new Aspect of Wisdom, but remains a mortal, dedicated to building a permanent alliance between angels and humans.
Development.
Development on "Diablo III" began in 2001 when Blizzard North was still in operation, and the game was first announced on June 28, 2008, at the Blizzard Worldwide Invitational in Paris, France. The original artistic design differed from that shown at Blizzard Worldwide Invitational 2008 demonstration, and had undergone three revisions before reaching the standards felt necessary by the team behind "Diablo III". The game would be simultaneously released on both Windows and Mac OS X platforms. It was also revealed that the game would require a constant internet connection to play, even for single-player mode.
The proprietary engine incorporates Blizzard's custom in-house physics, a change from the original usage of Havok's physics engine, and features destructible environments with an in-game damage effect.
"Diablo III"s lead designer is Jay Wilson, a former Relic Entertainment designer credited with work on ' and "Company of Heroes" as well as ' for Monolith Productions. Its lead world designer is Leonard Boyarsky, one of the six co-creators of "Fallout".
Bobby Kotick from Activision announced in February 2012 that "Diablo III" would not launch in the 1st quarter of 2012; a slide show presentation at Activision's quarterly financial report listed the game's launch sometime in Q2 of 2012, and the release date of May 15, 2012, was announced on March 15, 2012.
Release.
Beta.
On May 9, 2011 Blizzard announced that "Diablo III" was expected to be released for external beta testing in Q3 of 2011. On September 7, 2011 Blizzard community manager Bashiok confirmed the start of the closed public beta test of the game with limited external testing by employees and their families. Testers were not restricted by a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) i.e. every participant would be free to show, share, or talk about any portion of the beta content. On September 20, 2011 Blizzard announced through their "Diablo III" site that the closed beta test portion of the game through invites, promotions and giveaways had begun. On October 22, 2011 at BlizzCon, "Diablo III" game director Jay Wilson announced during an open Q&A that a new wave of beta invitations would be sent after an upcoming patch. Blizzard announced on April 19, 2012 that there would be an open beta weekend for the game, starting on April 20, 2012 and ending the morning of April 23. The closed beta ended on May 1, 2012.
The content available in the beta included the possibility to try all 5 character classes in the first act up to the Skeleton King encounter. The players were also able to try various in-game features such as crafting through the blacksmithing NPC, the auction house, hosting and joining public games as well as earning achievements.
The beta website made references that measures would be in place to prevent future cheating.
Post-launch improvements.
On June 11, 2012 it was announced at Apple's 2012 WWDC keynote that native Retina display support will be coming to "Diablo III". The following day, a Blizzard's representative confirmed via the official Battle.net forums Apple's statement, the ongoing work by the developer on the optimization of the game engine for its rendering on the Retina display (and technically on other similar future high-density monitors) and that this optimization will be mainly for aesthetic purposes.
Patch 1.0.4 introduced the paragon levelling system. After reaching the level cap of 60, characters continue to accumulate experience points, gaining paragon levels (up to a cap of 100), each of which provides a bonus to core stats (making characters more powerful and durable) and magic find and gold find (increasing the quantity and average quality of loot drops).
Patch 1.0.5 expanded the difficulty settings with the addition of the Monster Power system. In addition to the Normal / Nightmare / Hell / Inferno difficulty system, players can also set Monster Power at any level from 0 to 10, with each level of Monster Power increasing the damage, health points, experience point yield and loot drop rates beyond the base value for a given difficulty tier.
The first PvP addition to the game was in February 2013 as part of patch 1.0.7; a simple free-for-all system called "Brawling" and multiple item crafting options.
On February 25th, 2014, patch 2.0.1 was released, introducing extensive changes in preparation for the Reaper of Souls expansion, scheduled for release on March 25th.
Console development.
On January 10, 2012, Blizzard community manager Bashiok tweeted "Yup. Josh Mosqueira is lead designer for the Diablo console project" however a Blizzard spokesperson later clarified that Bashiok's tweet was only "intended as a confirmation that Blizzard is actively exploring the possibility of developing a console version of Diablo III," adding, "This is not a confirmation that Diablo III is coming to any console platform."
At Sony's Press Conference on February 20, 2013, Chris Metzen announced that "Diablo III" would release on both PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4. On June 6, 2013, Blizzard announced that both the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 port of the game, would be released on September 3, 2013.
, Blizzard has had no announcements about whether they will bring "Diablo III" to the Xbox One.
Expansion: "Reaper of Souls".
On August 21, 2013, it was announced at the German games fair Gamescom that "Diablo III: Reaper of Souls" will be the first expansion for "Diablo III". It features the fallen angel of wisdom Malthael as the expansion's main villain and is set in the city of Westmarch, which takes inspiration from many Gothic medieval locations. The expansion will also include a new hero called the Crusader, an increased level cap to level 70, major improvements to loot drops including the ability to change item stats using an enchanting system, the ability to change the look of an item using transmogrification, and also an improved Paragon leveling system which will be account wide and not have a level cap.
"Reaper of Souls" is being developed for the PC and Mac versions of "Diablo III", with a release date in 25 March 2014 for those platforms. Blizzard developers have stated that the expansion will also be ported to the PlayStation 4.
Music.
Russell Brower was the primary composer of the music for "Diablo III". Additional music was composed by Derek Duke, Glenn Stafford, Joseph Lawrence, Neal Acree, Laurence Juber & Edo Guidotti. When composing for the orchestra, Brower tried to respect the Wagnerian style from the expansion to the second game in the series, "". The Overture is considered the main theme of the game and it has been performed by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra, and was released on iTunes in 2009 as a single. A similar composition was used in the cinematic teaser trailer of the game. The Tristram theme from the first "Diablo", also used in the second game, is present in "Diablo III" with some changes.. Irish choral ensemble Anúna also feature on the soundtrack. Brower stated that "Working somewhat against conventional expectations, Hell is a beautiful and seductive sound, provided by Dublin’s uniquely astounding choral group ANÚNA".A full soundtrack was released on iTunes on May 15, 2012 (the same day the game was released), as well as part of the Collector's Edition of the game.
Marketing and release.
"Diablo III" was released on May 15, 2012. Players had the options to buy one of two retail boxed versions, a standard edition and collector's edition, or could also pre-order directly from Battle.net and download the installer in advance. On May 14, 2012 players who bought the downloadable version from Battle.net could install the rest of the game including patches. On May 15, 2012 the retail version could be bought from stores doing midnight launches such as GameStop. The "Diablo III" Battle.net servers went live at this time and people who downloaded the game could begin playing. Initially the launches were hindered by heavy server load with many users getting various errors, including the error 37 which reads; "The servers are busy at this time. Please try again later". These issues made the game unplayable for those affected, while some others experienced in-game bugs. Despite assurances from Blizzard that the problems leading to the connection errors during "Diablo III"s launch had been resolved, Eurogamer reported on May 31, 2012 that these errors were still ongoing, and had reappeared after patch 1.0.2 was released for the game. Many fans complained that the ongoing problems had caused them to lose their hardcore (permanent death) characters.
In South Korea, players waited up to 36 hours to purchase the collector's edition.
The release was also the source of a minor controversy in Australia when retailer Game went into voluntary administration the day before the release, and so was unable to honor pre-orders or offer refunds. In response to this, Blizzard Entertainment offered affected customers credit in purchasing the digital version of the game.
The game has yet to be released in China as it has not been approved by the Ministry of Culture however it continues to be sold under the name ""Big Pineapple"" (大菠萝 "Dɑ Boluo") which sounds similar to "Diablo" in Mandarin Chinese in order to dodge the sales ban.
"World of Warcraft" promotion.
Starting at BlizzCon in October 2011, Blizzard offered an "annual pass" for "World of Warcraft", where players who signed up for a 12 month subscription to that game received a free digital copy of "Diablo III" once released, as well as guaranteed beta access for the expansion to "World of Warcraft" and a special Diablo-inspired mount called Tyrael's Charger in "World of Warcraft".
Starter Edition.
A demo version of the game, called the "Starter Edition", was released simultaneously with the full release. It provides a limited introduction to the game where players can complete Act 1 up to the Skeleton King boss encounter with a level cap of 13.
For the first 30 days after "Diablo III"s release the "Starter Edition" was only available through a guest pass code, which was included with the boxed versions of the game. Players had the option to upgrade to the full game through their Battle.net accounts.
The "Starter Edition" was originally planned to become available to all users after 30 days (on June 14, 2012), however it was delayed until August 15, 2012.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Diablo III" has received generally positive reviews from critics, attaining scores of 87.64% and 88/100 on aggregate review websites GameRankings and Metacritic respectively.
GamesRadar was positive about the game's opening act and its nods to past "Diablo" games saying "we liked what we saw."
IGN was positive about the new skill system stating "Instead of gameplay like "Diablo II", where I often regretted how I allotted my ability points, "Diablo III" encourages experimentation and finding out exactly what works for your play-style. It's a vastly superior way to handle character abilities", and praised the overall gameplay, stating "the new systems really do make it a lot easier to enjoy "Diablo III"". IGN further praised the game's new gameplay design, in particular the rune and loot systems, the randomly generated levels and the game's enjoyable unpredictability. It stated the game's feel is quite intuitive and also praised the game's sound and voicing.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun gave mixed commentary during the game's beta period, praising the actual game itself by stating that it is much more direct than its predecessors and intuitive in its interface. However, it said the playing experience is spoiled due to lag in single-player mode caused by a lack of an offline single-player mode. Following the game's release, it reaffirmed its displeasure at the always-online DRM and offered a mixed opinion that the game was enjoyable but added "nothing new" to its genre.
Users have voiced criticism about the game's strong digital rights management which requires what is known as persistent online authentication, resulting in the lack of an offline single-player mode.
Erik Kain, a "Forbes" contributing writer, stated that the requirement to remain online is not necessary for single-player mode and that Blizzard is abusing its position as a "juggernaut" and is setting a worrying precedent for the gaming industry. In response to questions about the lack of offline single-player, "Diablo III" senior producer Alex Mayberry said, "Obviously "" did it, "World of Warcraft" authenticates also. It's kind of the way things are, these days. The world of gaming is not the same as it was when "Diablo II" came out."
"Gaming Blend" supported the game's fanbase (referring to the user ratings on Metacritic and Amazon) and rejected counter-criticisms of the community. It claims that the gaming industry at large is far too defensive of production companies' actions, to the point of accepting backward steps in game availability. William Usher, the article's author said, "Journalists should have been acknowledging consumer distaste rather than fueling it with pro-corporate pandering."
While "Gaming Blend" disliked the always-online DRM, it did give the game a positive review. It stated the game includes interesting opportunities for experimentation and has great appeal for replaying over and over. The review concluded the game is "smooth and entertaining." A GameArena critic questioned how Blizzard managed to "fail so spectacularly at creating reliable networking for Diablo 3" before going on to point out the lack of competitive multiplayer.
The Black Soulstone footage won the 'Outstanding Visual Effects in an Animated Commercial or Video Game Trailer' award from the Visual Effects Society.
Sales.
Before its release, "Diablo III" broke several presale records and became the most pre-ordered PC game to date on Amazon.com. Activision Blizzard reported that "Diablo III" had broken the one-day PC sales records, accumulating over 3.5 million sales in the first 24 hours after release and over 6.3 million sales in its first week, including the 1.2 million people who obtained "Diablo III" through the "World of Warcraft" annual pass. On its first day, the game amassed 4.7 million players worldwide, an estimate which includes those who obtained the game via the "World of Warcraft" annual pass. In its second quarterly report, "Diablo III" was reported to have pushed Activision Blizzard's expectations and as of July 2012, more than 10 million people had played the game. "Diablo III" remains the fastest selling PC game to date, and also one of the best-selling PC video games. As of the end of 2012, it had sold more than 12 million copies, and as of March 2013, Blizzard stated that "Diablo III" had around 1 million daily players, with 3 million unique players each month. As of May 2013 "Diablo III" had been played by 14.5 million unique players, according to Blizzard's released statistics. As of February 2014 the game has sold 15 million copies across all platforms.
Controversies.
South Korea.
On May 28, 2012, Blizzard Entertainment's offices in South Korea were raided by the Fair Trade Commission amid allegations that the company had breached consumer rights laws, including suspected violations of Korea's law on electronic commerce and commercial contracts. Players in Korea requested refunds from Blizzard based on their inability to play "Diablo III", but Blizzard cited the terms of sale and refused to grant these requests. Hundreds of gamers filed formal complaints with the FTC, and in June 2012 Blizzard started offering players full refunds.
France.
On June 15, 2012, French consumers group UFC Que Choisir announced that it had received 1,500 complaints in 4 days regarding connectivity issues with "Diablo III". As a result of this, the organization asked Blizzard Entertainment to provide a permanent solution within fifteen days of that time (June 30, 2012) and to "communicate completely and transparently about problems encountered in due time". They also requested that gamers be given reimbursement for any troubles they may have encountered. In addition, they asked the French government to take a closer look at games with online-only DRM. On June 28, Blizzard replied to the Que Choisir that the box for "Diablo III" clearly labelled that a high-speed internet connection was required and that most of the stability issues had been fixed.
Germany.
The German Federation of Consumer Organizations threatened legal action if Blizzard did not respond to complaints about "Diablo III"s lack of clear information on the German version of the box regarding the online requirement and lack of resale-ability.

</doc>
<doc id="19156651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156651" title="115312 Whither">
115312 Whither

115312 Whither (2003 SP215) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on September 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using the truncated combination of the first names for the two granddaughters Whitney Young and Heather Young of the discoverer, both daughters of the discoverer’s son Jeffrey Young.

</doc>
<doc id="19156655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156655" title="Mendelssohn, Fisher and Lawrie">
Mendelssohn, Fisher and Lawrie

Mendelssohn, Fisher and Lawrie was a significant architecture firm in early Omaha, Nebraska. Fisher & Lawrie continued. A number of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Louis Mendelssohn was born in Berlin, Germany in 1842, and studied in New York City, United States before forming the partnership of Dufrene and Mendelssohn in Omaha in 1881. The pair were responsible for designing the 1884 Christian Specht Building in Downtown Omaha. The following year Mendelssohn left Dufrene to partner with George Fisher, with whom he operated a firm until 1886. Fisher was born in Michigan in 1856, and graduated from the University of Michigan in 1880 with a degree in civil engineering. Eventually, Harry Lawrie, born in Glasgow, Scotland in "est" 1858, who had nine years of experience in Glasgow and Edinburgh before immigrating to Chicago in 1883, moved to Omaha and joined the firm in 1887. During Omaha's building boom in the 1880s and 90s the firm designed several significant buildings. Mendelssohn left in 1893, leaving Fisher and Lawrie to continue until 1913.
Fisher died in 1931, and Lawrie died in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19156657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156657" title="Harry Sahle">
Harry Sahle

Harry Frank Sahle (c. 1913 to c. 1954) was an American comic book artist who drew for such publishers as Archie Comics — helping create the defined look of Archie Comics' breakout character, Archie Andrews — Quality Comics and the Marvel Comics precursor company Timely Comics during the 1930s-1940s period historians and fans call the Golden Age of Comic Books. 
In 1940, with writer George Kapitan, Sahle co-created the Timely character the Black Widow, comics' first costumed, superpowered female protagonist. Sahle also created the long-running, early teen-humor character Candy, writing and drawing her comic misadventures for most of the character's 1944 to 1956 run in Quality Comics' "Police Comics" and in her own solo title, as well as in a newspaper comic strip.
Biography.
Early career.
Harry Sahle drew gag cartoons for "Boy's Life" magazine between 1938 and 1939, before entering the fledgling medium of comic books via the Harry "A" Chesler Studio and Funnies Inc., two Manhattan-based "packagers" that provided complete, outsourced comics for early publishers testing the medium. Among his earliest comics work is a cover for the only issue of Pelican Publications' "Green Giant Comics" (Jan. 1940).
His earliest known interior credit is inking the seven-page Fiery Mask superhero story "The Jelly of Doom", over George Kapitan's pencil art, in Timely Comics' "Daring Mystery Comics" #5 (June 1940). With Kapitan writing and himself penciling and inking, Sahle co-created the Black Widow in "Mystic Comics" #4 (Aug. 1940). Not to be confused with the superhero Black Widow introduced in the 1960s by Timely's descendant Marvel Comics, this character — comics' first costumed, superpowered female protagonist — was a supernatural antihero who gathered deserving souls for Satan.
Other early work includes co-creating the winged superhero the Air Man in Centaur Publications' "Keen Detective Funnies" #23 (Aug. 1940); and creating or co-creating the Timely superheroine the Silver Scorpion, in "Daring Mystery Comics" #7 (April 1941), for which he signed his art with the pen name Jewell, which comics historian Michael J. Vassallo believes marked a collaboration with another, unknown artist. Sahle also worked as an assistant to Carl Burgos, creator-artist of Timely star the Human Torch. Per fellow artist and Golden Age contemporary Gil Kane, Sahle was also occasionally a ghost artist on work credited to Burgos in issues of "Marvel Mystery Comics", "Captain America Comics", and the eponymous character's own title, "Human Torch".
MLJ Comics.
Artist Gil Kane recalled that after the writers and artists Charles Biro, Bob Wood, Bob Montana and several others left MLJ Comics to move to Lev Gleason Publications, it fell largely to Irv Novick to steer MLJs stable of superhero characters. Shortly afterward, Sahle joined the company, working on characters including The Black Hood, Steel Sterling, and the Shield between 1942 and 1943, and soon thereafter working on the character that was to become MLJ's breakout success: Archie Andrews.
With the departure of Montana, Archie's signature early developer, Sahle drew "what became the new Archie character... is work was based on Montana, but with adaptation and interpretation", Kane recalled. Sahle drew some of the earliest stories featuring what would become the company's namesake character, beginning by at least "Archie Comics" #3 (Summer 1943).
Thanks to his work, "Sahle became the center point MLJ/Archie, and Novick went into the Army", recalled Kane, who believes Sahle worked for MLJ for a year-and-a-half before joining the Army himself. At some point, Sahle was hired away from MLJ by "Busy" Arnold and his Quality Comics.
"Candy".
Sahle went on to create the Quality Comics teen-humor feature "Candy," starring typical small-town American girl Candace O'Connor of Hartwick, USA. Her supporting cast included her boyfriend, Ted Dawson; her rival, Cornelia Clyde; and gal-pals Tina and Trish. Debuting as a backup feature in "Police Comics" #37 (Dec. 1944), "Candy" appeared in the that comic until issue #102 (Oct. 1950), when the regular line-up of characters (including Candy, Will Eisner's The Spirit, etc.) were dropped and the title became a "regular crime comic." Candy continued to star in her own title, "Candy", which ran 64 issues (Fall 1947 - July 1956). Six months after the title ceased publication, Quality Comics as a whole closed its doors.
In addition to Candy's comic-book adventures, Sahle and writer Elmer Groggin produced a "Candy" newspaper comic strip syndicated by the "Chicago Times" Syndicate from October 2, 1944. Sometime during 1945, Sahle's strip was then taken over by Tom Dorr, who continued it for a further 25 years.
Much of Sahle's work was produced in the teen-humor genre, and during the 1940s he also drew another feature, "Ezra," for Quality's "Military Comics" and "Modern Comics" titles.
Sahle died circa 1954, per "Who's Who of American Comic Books 1928-1999". Kane, however, said he believed that after a failed lover affair, Sahle "died of a broken heart before the end of" World War II.
Mike Hammer.
Crime novelist Mickey Spillane, who worked for Lloyd Jacquet's Funnies Inc. packager during the 1930s and 1940s, teamed with Sahle on a number of occasions, including on the character "Mike Danger", which Spillane described as "the original concept of Mike Hammer", the archetypal hardboiled detective of mid-20th century paperback novels. After Spillane's novels were successful, some "Mike Danger" stories saw print in issues of "Crime Detector" in 1954, and new stories featuring the character were published by Big Entertainment four decades later.
Sahle and Spillance had earlier collaborated on the eponymous feature "Mike Lancer", starring a Mike Hammer prototype, published in Harvey Comics' "Green Hornet Comics" #10 (Dec. 1942).
Reprints.
Several issues of Sahle's "Candy" were reprinted, in the late 1950s/early 1960s by Israel Waldman's Super Comics imprint, but her adventures have otherwise remained out of print. In the late 1980s, Eclipse Comics reprinted Sahle's 1940s aviator feature "Bald Eagle" in "Air Fighters Classics" #1-2 (Nov. 1987 - Dec. 1988). Some Sahle work appears in the anthology "Marvel Mystery Comics" #1 (Dec. 1999). and the hardcover collections "Marvel Masterworks: Golden Age Sub-Mariner, Vol. 1" and "Marvel Masterworks: Golden Age Human Torch, Vol. 1" (both 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="19156663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156663" title="Marilyn Diptych">
Marilyn Diptych

The Marilyn Diptych (1962) is a silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol.
History and analysis.
The work was completed during the weeks after Marilyn Monroe's death in August 1962. It contains fifty images of the actress, which are all based on a single publicity photograph from the film "Niagara" (1953). 
The twenty-five pictures on the left side of the diptych are brightly colored, while the twenty-five on the right are in black and white. It has been suggested that the relation between the left side of the canvas and the right side of the canvas is evocative of the relation between the celebrity's life and death. 
The piece is currently owned by the Tate. In a December 2, 2004 article in "The Guardian", the painting was named the third most influential piece of modern art in a survey of 500 artists, critics, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19156667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156667" title="115477 Brantanica">
115477 Brantanica

115477 Brantanica (2003 UK8) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using the truncated combination of the first names for the three grandchildren Brandon, Brittany, and Monica of the discoverer, a son and two daughters of the discoverer’s daughter Jennifer.

</doc>
<doc id="19156670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156670" title="Aju">
Aju

Aju (or Achu) (1227–1287) was a general and chancellor of the Mongol Empire and the Yuan Dynasty. He was from the Jarchud clan of the Mongol Uriankhai. His grandfather was Subutai, the honored general and Noyan of Genghis Khan; his father was Uryankhadai.
In 1253 he followed his father and subdued western Chinese people and conquered the Kingdom of Dali. Uryankhadai and Aju led 3,000 Mongols and more than 10,000 troops from Dali tribes to northern Vietnam in 1255. The king of the Trần Dynasty agreed to send tribute after his defeat in open battle; this lasted until the reign of Kublai.
He and his father supported the Great Khan Möngke and Kublai's forces in 1258. Aju commanded a tumen, 10,000 men in his earlier career. They conquered 13 cities within 2 years and destroyed 40,000 troops of the Song Dynasty while his father was ill. After the occupation of Chingzhoua and Yovajiyu, Uryankhadai met prince Kublai at Echjou.
When Kublai succeeded the throne in 1260, Aju stayed in his palace. The following year, he was ordered to lead Yuan troops in Lianshui (涟水). He crushed Song armies and navies from 1261 to 1275. He captured Fancheng (樊城) by using Khotan artillery during the Battle of Xiangyang and its governor committed suicide.
In 1276, Aju was appointed to defend Beshbalik from Kaidu, a grandson of Ögedei. He died after the defeat of prince Sarban, who revolted against his master Kublai, in 1287. But some sources mention he died en route in 1286.

</doc>
<doc id="19156674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156674" title="List of fictional atheists and agnostics">
List of fictional atheists and agnostics

The following is a list of fictional atheists and agnostics limited to notable characters who have, either through self-admission within canon works or through admission of the character creator(s), been associated with a disbelief in a supreme deity or follow an agnostic approach toward religious matters.

</doc>
<doc id="19156676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156676" title="1st/19th Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment">
1st/19th Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment

The 1st/19th Battalion, The Royal New South Wales Regiment (1/19 RNSWR), is an infantry battalion of the Australian Army. It is one of four battalions of the Royal New South Wales Regiment and is currently a Reserve unit attached to the 5th Brigade, 2nd Division. In its present form 1/19 RNSWR was raised in 1971 with the amalgamation of the 1st Battalion and the 19th Battalion. These two units were previously linked between 1930 and 1939, although they can trace their lineage back to 1854 with the formation of a number of Volunteer Rifles units as part of the New South Wales colonial defence force. The battalion's headquarters is located in Romani Barracks, Orange, with four rifle companies spread across Wagga Wagga, Bathurst, Orange and Dubbo.
History.
The 1st/19th Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment was formed in 1971 as part of the Citizens Military Force (later known as the Australian Army Reserve) with the amalgamation of the 1st and 19th Battalions. The battalion had previously existed for a short time during the years between the First and Second World Wars, having been linked on 1 July 1930 when the decision was made to amalgamate a number of infantry battalions due to manpower shortages and financial constraints that resulted from the suspension of the compulsory training scheme and the Great Depression. During this time, the battalion was known as the 1st/19th Battalion (City of Sydney's Own Regiment). In 1939, with the prospect of war looming, the Australian government decided to expand the size of the Army, and as a consequence the 1st/19th was split once more and re-raised in their own right.
These two units had previously existed as separate entities with their own lineages that can be traced back to the earliest infantry units raised in New South Wales prior to Federation, which participated in a number of conflicts including the Mahdist War, the Boer War, and the First World War. By virtue of these predecessor units, the 1st/19th Battalion is the custodian of a number of battle honours from these conflicts. The battalion also maintains the battle honours of a number of units from the Second World War. Even though during the conflict the 1st Battalion was not deployed overseas on active service, the 19th Battalion was, being sent to New Guinea in 1944 and then later taking part in the New Britain campaign. The 1st/19th Battalion also maintains the battle honours of two Second Australian Imperial Force units, the 2/1st and 2/19th Battalions, which served in North Africa, Greece, New Guinea, Malaya and Borneo.
Following the end of the Second World War, these battalions were disbanded, and although the part-time military force, known as the Citizens Military Force, was re-raised in 1948, initially neither the 1st or the 19th Battalions were reformed at this time. In 1957, the 1st Battalion returned to the order of battle, when it was re-raised as the 1st Infantry Battalion (Commando), City of Sydney's Own Regiment. In 1960, following the introduction of the Pentropic divisional establishment into the Australian Army, this battalion was reduced to a company-sized unit in the newly-raised 1st Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment. The Pentropic establishment did not last long and in 1965, when the Army returned to the previous Tropical establishment, the City of Sydney's Company was re-raised as a battalion in its own right. In 1966, the 19th Battalion was also re-raised as a battalion of the Royal New South Wales Regiment, attached at divisional-level to the Headquarters 2nd Division and taking on the role of a special conditions, or "Bushman's Rifles", battalion of the Citizens Military Force, offering National Servicemen from remote areas flexible training options in order to allow them to complete their service obligations.
In 1971, the decision was made to amalgamate the two battalions once more, and as a consequence the 1st/19th Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment was formed, being officially established on 1 May 1971. In August 1971, the battalion was entrusted with the 1st Battalion's Colours and the following year, on 13 August 1972, 1/19 RNSWR received the Colours of the 19th Battalion, in a ceremony at Holsworthy Barracks, presided over by the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Roden Cutler.
Since formation, 1/19 RNSWR, as part of the 5th Brigade, has continued to cater for the training needs of Reservists in regional areas, although after 1995 the unit no longer officially functioned as a "special conditions" battalion as all Reserve units were required to offer their soldiers flexible conditions after that date. In 1996 the battalion was decentralised and moved from Ingleburn, to four regional depots at Orange, Wagga Wagga, Bathurst and Dubbo. During the 2000 Summer Olympics, 1/19 RNSWR provided personnel to undertake search tasks as part of the Australian Army's security operations. In 2006, as part of Operation Acolyte, the battalion performed a similar role in support of the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. Other recent activities undertaken by the battalion include a company-sized deployment to New Zealand to take part in exercises with other regional Reserve forces, various ceremonial duties and a continued commitment to contributing to Rifle Company Butterworth in Malaysia.
In May 2010, the battalion provided a platoon-sized element to Operation Anode Rotation 21 for service in the Solomon Islands as part of the Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands. This force returned to Australia in August 2010.
Battle honours.
1/19 RNSWR carries the following battle honours, which it inherited from its ancestral units:

</doc>
<doc id="19156678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156678" title="Frank Eugene">
Frank Eugene

Frank Eugene (19 September 1865 – 16 December 1936) was an American-born photographer who was a founding member of the Photo-Secession and one of the first university-level professors of photography in the world.
Life.
Eugene was born in New York City as Frank Eugene Smith. His father was Frederick Smith, a German baker who changed his last name from Schmid after moving to America in the late 1850s. His mother was Hermine Selinger Smith, a singer who performed in local German beer halls and theaters.
About 1880 Eugene began to photograph for amusement, possibly while he was attending the City College of New York. 
In 1886 he moved to Munich in order to attends the Bayrische Akademie der Bildenden Künste (Bavarian Academy of Fine Arts). He studied drawing and stage design. After he graduated he started a career as a theatrical portraitist, drawing portraits of actors and actresses. He continued his interest in photography, although little is known of his teachers or influences.
He returned to the United States, and in 1899 he exhibited photographs at the Camera Club in New York under name Frank Eugene. The critic Sadakichi Hartmann wrote a review of the show, saying “It is the first time that a truly artistic temperament, a painter of generally recognized accomplishments and ability asserts itself in American photography.”
A year later he was elected to The Linked Ring, and fourteen of his prints were shown that year in a major London exhibition. Already at this stage in his career he had developed a highly distinctive style that was influenced by his training as a painter. He assertively manipulated his negatives with both scratches and brush strokes, creating prints that had the appearance of a blend between painting and photography. When his prints were shown at the Camera Club in New York, one reviewer commented that his work was "unphotographic photography."
In the summer of 1900 an entire issue of "Camera Notes" was devoted to his art, an honor accorded only a few other photographers.
In early 1901 he traveled to Egypt. He returned a few months later and met with photographer F. Holland Day in Narragansett, R.I., during the summer.
In late 1902 Eugene becomes a Founder of the Photo-Secession and a member of its governing Council.
In 1904 one gravure published in Camera Work, No. 5 (January).
In 1906 Eugene moved permanently to Germany. He was recognized there both as a painter and a photographer, but initially he worked primarily with prominent painters such as Fritz von Uhde, Hendrik Heyligers, Willi Geiger, and Franz Roh. He photographed many of these and other artists at the same time. He also designed tapestries that he used as backgrounds in his photographs.
A year later he became a lecturer on pictorial photography at Munich’s Lehr-und Versuchs-anstalt fur Photo graphie und Reproduktions-technik (Teaching and Research Institute for Photography and the Reproductive Processes). At this point, photography rather than painting became his primary interest. He experimented with the new color process of Autochromes, and three of his color prints are exhibited at Alfred Stieglitz’s Photo-Secession Galleries in New York.
In 1909 two more of his gravures were published in Camera Work, No. 25 (January).
In 1910 twenty-seven of his photographs were exhibited at a major exhibition in Buffalo, New York. The catalog for this show described Eugene as the first photographer to make successful platinum prints on Japan tissue. Ten more of his gravures published in Camera Work, No.30 (April), and fourteen additional images appear in No.31 (July).
More than any other photographer of the early 20th century, Eugene was recognized as the master of the manipulated image. Photographic historian Weston Naef described his style this way:
In 1913 he was appointed Royal Professor of Pictorial Photography by the Royal Academy of the Graphic Arts of Leipzig. This professorship, created especially for Eugene, is the first chair for pictorial photography anywhere in the world.
Two years later Eugene gave up his American citizenship and became a citizen of Germany. He continued teaching for many years and was head of the photography department at the Royal Academy until it closed in 1927.
Eugene died of heart failure in Munich in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19156679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156679" title="Clovis East High School">
Clovis East High School

Clovis East High School is a four-year public high school of Clovis Unified School District located in Clovis, California. It is home to the Timberwolves. It was built in 2000. The inaugural principal was Jeff Eben. 
It was named a California Distinguished School in 2007, and was named a Blue Ribbon School in 2008.
Athletics.
The boys' Clovis East track and field team won the 2009 CIF State Championship.
Notable alumni.
Chris Colfer, class of 2008, American singer and actor, best known for playing Kurt Hummel on "Glee"
Accomplishments.
Winter Percussion Ensemble - WGI Scholastic Class A World Champions 2003

</doc>
<doc id="19156682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156682" title="On Nuclear Terrorism">
On Nuclear Terrorism

In his 2007 book On Nuclear Terrorism, author Michael A. Levi surveys the issue of nuclear terrorism and explores the decisions a terrorist leader might take in pursuing a nuclear plot. Levi points out the many obstacles that such a terrorist scheme may encounter, which in turn leads to a host of possible ways that any terrorist plan could be foiled. 
Michael Levi is a Senior Fellow for energy and environment at the Council on Foreign Relations, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19156683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156683" title="115891 Scottmichael">
115891 Scottmichael

115891 Scottmichael (2003 VW2) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 14, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using the combination of the first names for the two grandsons Scott Young and Michael Young of the discoverer, both sons of the discoverer’s son Jeffrey Young.

</doc>
<doc id="19156687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156687" title="120038 Franlainsher">
120038 Franlainsher

120038 Franlainsher (2003 BR1) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on January 26, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using the combination of the first name of the discoverer’s first wife Frances and the truncated form of her sister’s name Elaine Fisher.

</doc>
<doc id="19156689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156689" title="Gəraybəyli">
Gəraybəyli

Gəraybəyli or Geraybeyli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156698" title="120174 Jeffjenny">
120174 Jeffjenny

120174 Jeffjenny (2003 KM3) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on May 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using the combination of the common first names for the discoverer’s first children Jeffrey and Jennifer (with his first wife Frances).

</doc>
<doc id="19156709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156709" title="128297 Ashlevi">
128297 Ashlevi

128297 Ashlevi (2003 XD11) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on December 13, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using a variant combination of the first names of the discoverer’s grandchildren Ashlie Philpott and Levi Lemley, children of the discoverer’s daughter Eileen.

</doc>
<doc id="19156718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156718" title="133280 Bryleen">
133280 Bryleen

133280 Bryleen (2003 SM17) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on September 18, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named by using a variant combination of the first names of the discoverer’s children Bryan and Eileen, children with the discoverer’s second wife Karen.

</doc>
<doc id="19156720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156720" title="Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute">
Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute

Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute (SIPI) is a Bureau of Indian Affairs community college located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. SIPI is funded through the Bureau of Indian Education, an agency within the U. S. Department of the Interior. Today, more than 120 different Indian Tribes are represented in SIPI’s student body.
Vision & Mission.
SIPI's mission is:
Campus.
SIPI is located on approximately 164 acres in northwest Albuquerque, New Mexico. SIPI is located in the center of New Mexico’s agricultural and high-tech corridors (Los Alamos and Sandia National Laboratories, and Intel Corporation), major universities and the largest technical force within a 500-mile radius. SIPI's state-of the-art Science and Technology Center includes 12 research and teaching laboratories, 10 classrooms, two distance learning rooms, a 500-seat auditorium, faculty offices and conference rooms.
History.
The Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute was conceived by the All Indian Pueblo Council, who envisioned a post-secondary school that could serve the Native American Community. Collective efforts with tribal leaders, public officials, and interested citizens, resulted in the school's founding in 1971; dedication ceremonies were held on August 21, 1971, and September 16, 1971, was the first day of classes. It operated initially on an "open-entry, open-exit system" of individualized training.
In 1974, however, SIPI was awarded a citation for Excellence of Service, and by 1975, SIPI received accreditation status at the Certificate Level by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
SIPI is a 1994 land grant institution.
Partnerships.
SIPI has agreements with the University of New Mexico, New Mexico State University, and New Mexico Highlands University that ensure better recruitment, transfer, and retention rates for Native Americans. The College has also established articulation agreements with regional public institutions outside of New Mexico.
SIPI is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), which is a community of tribally and federally chartered institutions working to strengthen tribal nations and make a lasting difference in the lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives. SIPI was created in response to the higher education needs of American Indians. SIPI generally serves geographically isolated populations that have no other means accessing education beyond the high school level.
The Institute lost its accreditation from the Higher Learning Commission in July 2010. The Institute is currently in candidacy status with the Higher Learning Commission as of July 25, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19156730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156730" title="133527 Fredearly">
133527 Fredearly

133527 Fredearly (2003 TZ) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 5, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named for the variant combination of the names of the discoverer’s paternal grandparents Frederick and Pearl Young.

</doc>
<doc id="19156746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156746" title="Bishop Peak">
Bishop Peak

Bishop Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19156758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156758" title="142084 Jamesdaniel">
142084 Jamesdaniel

142084 Jamesdaniel (2002 QU47) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on August 29, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named for the combination of the two first names of James and Daniel, two sons of the discoverer’s friends Bob and Hazel Sealy of Seaside, Oregon. The Sealy family was partly instrumental in the discoverer’s early astronomical career. Bob Sealy founded the Seaside Amateur Astronomers Club and taught astronomy at Clatsop County College in Astoria, Oregon. James Sealy (1951–1978) was killed in a boating accident in 1978 on the ocean near Seaside, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="19156770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156770" title="144692 Katemary">
144692 Katemary

144692 Katemary (2004 GC) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on April 9, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named using a truncated version of the discoverer’s granddaughter’s name Katelyn Anne Marie Young, daughter of the discoverer’s son Bryan.

</doc>
<doc id="19156777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156777" title="147397 Bobhazel">
147397 Bobhazel

147397 Bobhazel (2003 FO7) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 30, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named for the combination of the two first names of Bob and Hazel, the discoverer’s friends Bob and Hazel Sealy of Seaside, Oregon. The Sealy family was partly instrumental in the discoverer’s early astronomical career. Bob Sealy founded the Seaside Amateur Astronomers Club and taught astronomy at Clatsop Community College in Astoria, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="19156782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156782" title="Nordic Council Film Prize">
Nordic Council Film Prize

The Nordic Council Film Prize is an annual film prize administered by the Nordic Council. The first award was handed out in 2002 to celebrate the Nordic Council's 50th anniversary. Since 2005 the prize has been annual. One winner is chosen from submissions from the five Nordic countries. In 2008, the prize money of the Nordic Council Film Prize was €47,000. According to the Nordic Council, the prize is given for "the creation of an artistically original film that is rooted in Nordic cultural circles".

</doc>
<doc id="19156793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156793" title="Charles Linder">
Charles Linder

Charles Linder (born 1967), aka cashcowboy, is an American artist. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and raised in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. He relocated to Los Angeles after high school where he attended Santa Monica College. He received a scholarship to finish his BFA at the San Francisco Art Institute in 1990. In 1997 he received his MFA from UC Berkeley in 1997.
After graduation, he opened Refusalon, an alternative art space in his home. Some of the artists shown included Gay Outlaw, David Nash and Bill Daniels, among many others. Refusalon closed in 1999.
In early 2000, he started LINCART, with business partner Alexandra Holly Fouladi. Lincart was featured on the KQED television show, SPARK, in 2004. Lincart has shown artists like Wally Hedrick, Yayoi Kusama, Graham Gillmore, and Tucker Nichols, among many others. Lincart relocated to 1 Otis Street in San Francisco as of August 2009. Lincart Closed in August 2010.
http://www.charleslinder.com

</doc>
<doc id="19156803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156803" title="PU Aurigae">
PU Aurigae

PU Aurigae is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19156810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156810" title="Suketō River">
Suketō River

The is a river in Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It starts on the western side of Hyōtan-jima where the Shinmachi River hits the Mitsuai Bridge and runs around to meet the river again to the east. The river passes through the Maegawa, Suketō, Fukushima, and Hyōtan-jima districts, as well as several others.
In midstream, the Suketō River branches out into the Ōokagawa and Sumiyoshi-jima Rivers, and is known by some people as the "Fukushima River" in the area where it passes by the district of the same name.
Furthermore, the Suketō River is crossed by the Mitsuai, Maegawa, Nishi no Maru, Suketō, New Suketō, Myōjin, Tokusumi, Fukushima, Sumiyoshi, New Fukushima, Nakazu and several other bridges.
According to research in the year 2006, the river has a COD of around 4–5ppm, making it slightly dirtied, but the water is clear to 50 cm in depth and still relatively clean.
In the year 2007, a stingray was found living in the waters of the river. While the exact details remain unknown, it is said to have made its way there from the Yoshino River Mouth.
At current, the Shinmachi Preservation Committee is working towards keeping the river and its waterways clean.
Fukushima River.
The Fukushima River is another name for the Suketō River, mostly supported by those living further downstream of the river than the Fukushima Bridge. While the name 'Fukushima' refers to one of the prefectures in Japan, it is also a suburb in Tokushima City.
Interestingly, while the river is recorded as the "Suketō River" on the Fukushima Bridge, it is recorded as "Fukushima River" on the New Fukushima Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19156823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156823" title="Taurus Model 85">
Taurus Model 85

The Taurus Model 85 is a small-frame revolver manufactured by the Brazilian firearm company Taurus International. 
Specifications.
The Model 85 is available in several configurations. These include blued steel, stainless steel, and "Ultralite" variants constructed of aluminum and titanium, with steel lockwork components. 
Much like their distant Smith and Wesson cousins, Model 85's can come equipped with exposed, 'bobbed', or shrouded hammers. There are numerous cosmetic options, including gold-plated hardware and grips of wood or pearl. The Model 85 is available with either 2" or 3" barrels, is capable of firing +P rated .38 Special rounds, and utilizes a transfer bar safety. 
Models manufactured after 1997 feature the "Taurus Security System", which consists of a keyed, quarter-turn style socket-head screw which can be set to prevent the hammer from pivoting back into the frame, thus rendering the weapon inoperative.
The Model 85 line has been enlarged to include the new Model 856. This model is similar to the Model 85, but adds an additional round in the cylinder to bring the Model 856's capacity to 6 rounds. 
Because Taurus has done this while keeping the Model 856's size virtually identical to the 5-shot Model 85, they have created a firearm comparable to the Colt Detective Special in terms of size, reliability, and shot capacity while still retaining the dimensions of a 5-shot snub.
Usage.
The Model 85 is the service sidearm of the Singapore Police Force's patrolling officers, while specialized divisions employ various automatic pistols instead. It has replaced the Smith & Wesson Model 36 which had been in service for decades.

</doc>
<doc id="19156836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156836" title="F61">
F61

F61 or F.61 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19156839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156839" title="List of Bengali films of 2007">
List of Bengali films of 2007

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 2007.
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="19156863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156863" title="Maureen Mwanawasa">
Maureen Mwanawasa

Maureen Mwanawasa is the widow of former Zambian president Levy Mwanawasa and former First Lady of Zambia.
Biography.
As early as 2006, Mwanawasa was seen as a potential candidate for president of the country, but following her husband's death, did not file as a potential candidate to represent her husband's party in the election. She, however, did suddenly clash against Michael Sata of the Patriotic Front when he came to pay respects to her at her husband's funeral, resulting in Sata being forced off the premises.
She is the immediate past president of the Organisation of African First Ladies Against HIV/AIDS, and founded the Maureen Mwanawasa Community Initiative (MMCI) in 2002. She was also the joint owner of Mwanawasa & Company, her husband's law firm, until he entered into politics and left his private practice.
Mwanawasa was a Jehovah's Witness, but in 2001 she was excommunicated for being actively involved in politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19156881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156881" title="Nokia 6650 fold">
Nokia 6650 fold

The Nokia 6650 fold (also known as the 6650d) is a Hex-band unit using GSM 850, 900, 1,800, and 1,900 MHz networks and UMTS 850 and 2,100 Mhznetworks (WCDMA/ HSDPA). Also noted as a quad-band clamshell 3G smartphone, it was announced March 2008 and released in June 2008. It was sold through AT&T Mobility in the U.S. It is AT&T's replacement for the S60-powered N75. It is manufactured in three colors, metallic silver, black, and red.
Description.
Software version of 3.09 and unit model type of RM-400. The core processor is an ARM 11 unit having a 369 MHz CPU, an is an indicator as to how rapid cell phone technology (smart phones) has advanced. The 6650d is having Nokia Maps and A-GPS (A=Assisted), built-in 'Voice Guided Navigation'. It will download maps and has extra services for maps,- data card space, cost and network permitting.
Standard Nokia (patented) navigation for to get around the unit, it has a radio, mobile TV, & media player (music, photos, video). Java capability galore, and many office feature capabilities. The platform is Symbian OS v9.3 the S60 3rd Edition, Feature Pack 2. Memory of a 8 GB SDHC card (micro) although a 1 GB micro card is usually factory supplied. The Nokia 6650 fold has three antennas: cellular antenna, Bluetooth antenna and GPS antenna.
The phone can be used as a broadband unit for internet access (HSDPA, 3.6 Mbit/s (2.2 Mbit/s true) / 7.2 Mbit/s (4.5 Mbit/s true), the Nokia cable CA-101 (usually supplied) which is having a USB connection at one end will connect the 6650 cell phone to a laptop or PC for direct data manipulation (busing in or out) or broadband use/ access. HSDPA is 3.5G and internet can be viewed on the telephone screen although it is obviously limited in practical viewability. The headset/ earbuds supplied for media use, and 2-way conversation use is the Nokia HS-47 model (2.5 mm). The newer HS-48 handsfree model is having the far more ubiquitous 3.5 mm jack connector for many of the new 'phones as they are music orientated units. The 6650 fold has the new smaller 2 mm power connector.
The specific absorption rate ("SAR") limit stated in the ICNIRP guidelines is 2.0 watts/kilogram (W/kg) averaged over 10 grams of tissue. This Nokia 6650 fold unit is 0.64 W/kg, which is very low for such a highly featured cell phone. Even the Nokia N96 is a 5-band telephone and with a marginally slower processor to this units 6-band capability, although the N-series has a fuller mobile-office capability and the new Nokia N97 has a 424 MHz processor. The Nokia 6650 is a great clamshell telephone and is more than just a pretty face with a 1500 milliamperes battery and just over 100 grammes in weight it feels 'proper'.
Unusually, this telephone was not available from Nokia in the UK or Europe as a stand-alone purchase, and it was unable to be purchased from any cell phone vendor. It is/was only available from T-mobile - a T-mobile exclusive handset - and it had to be obtained on a contract basis. Also unusually, it has a 2-year warranty as opposed to the "standard issue" 12-months. In North America, as indicated by the other poster, it appears to be available from other cell phone providers,- AT&T, and appears to be available in colours other than brushed steel.
Memory card, headset phones and power-charging port on the right side. USB port, 2 volume buttons, and the camera shutter button on the left side. The Nokia 6650 fold uses a BP-4L battery (1.5 Ah), physically larger than a standard cell battery. An extremely reliable & sturdy unit. A vanguard again, its earlier namesake of some 6-years ago, the old 6650 candybar telephone was the first 3G cell phone by Nokia.
AT&T Variant.
The AT&T Variant has been heavily modified from the unlocked and T-Mobile versions. It has model number 6650d-1bH with software version RM-324. The keypad has been modified, adding MediaNet (just a shortcut to the standard S60 web browser, based on Webkit), GPS, and camera keys, and moving the menu and clear keys below the send and end keys, respectively.
Also, the software has been modified to accommodate AT&T. Carrier branding is evident throughout the OS, and several applications have been changed. Nokia Maps has been replaced by AT&T Navigator, and FM Radio has been removed for XM Radio. There are also non-removable demos of Tetris, Mobile Banking, MobiTV, The Weather Channel, Midnight Pool 3D, and Diner Dash 2 have been added. The main menu also features links to Cellular Video, Yellowpages, Media Net, AT&T Mall, AT&T Music, and AT&T GPS.
The AT&T Variant is only available in silver and red.
Specifications.
Additional specifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19156899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156899" title="In Line">
In Line

In Line is the debut album by Bill Frisell which was released on the ECM label in 1983. It features four solo performances by Frisell and five duets with bassist Arild Andersen.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="19156909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156909" title="D.N. Nagar">
D.N. Nagar

D.N.Nagar is a part of Andheri - the largest of Mumbai's suburbs in the state of Maharashtra, India. It is named after Dadabhai Naoroji. It is located within the triangle of Lokhandwala Complex, Seven Bungalows and Juhu Vile Parle Development Scheme (JVPD).
Most of the people in D.N.Nagar are from Middle Income group and some from Higher Income Group. D. N. Nagar was expanded in early 1980s. Its educational establishments include Bhavan's College, Bhavan's A. H. Wadia High School, Bhavan's Sardar Patel College of Engineering, Bhavan's S. P. Jain Institute of Management, S C D Barfivala High School and Valia college. 

</doc>
<doc id="19156927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156927" title="Ankarsrum">
Ankarsrum

Ankarsrum is a locality situated in Västervik Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 1,254 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19156929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156929" title="Pamorn Martdee">
Pamorn Martdee

Pamorn Martdee (born 18 February 1988) also known as Pamorn Luuk Hill-Martdee is a former Australian muay Thai kickboxer, promoter of Origins Fight Promotions and the founder and director of Champions Gym in Perth. He is also the chairman of WBC Muaythai in Australia. Martdee was born in Subiaco, Western Australia. He was the WPMF (World Professional Muay Thai Federation) welterweight Australian champion at age 17 and was ranked the number one contender in Australia to win the (World Boxing Council) WBC Muay Thai national title in 2007.
Martdee is of Thai and New Zealand descent, with his father from Thailand and mother from New Zealand. He is the eldest of three children, having one younger sister and one younger brother. He is also fluent in two languages including English as his first language and Thai his second.
Training.
Martdee began training at 12 years old under six time world champion "Iron fist" Sanapar Noi along with father Phon Martdee after realising the need for self defence and benefits of physical fitness for other sports such as soccer and Australian rules football in which Martdee had been playing from a young age.
From 15 to 19, Martdee went on to train at Saengmorakot Gym in Bangkok, Thailand learning the advanced Thai fighting techniques under the guidance of muay Thai trainer and Lumpinee Stadium promoter Jar Tui Saengmorakot.
Martdee has been trained by notable Thai fighters Marwin Nakorntongparkview, Rhino Pichitchai, Oley Sakonpetch, Tananchai Robocop and Tip Saengmorakot during his fight career.
Australian born fighters Andy Petrovic and Wayne Martinovich have also played a role in Martdee's career as assistant trainers.
Fight career.
In 2002 Martdee fought against 16-year-old Steve Zankl for his debut. He won by unanimous decision. He also went on to win the 'Most Outstanding Fighter Award' for the event. Martdee and Zankl would fight again three times in the years to come.
Martdee's first 9 bouts were won by judges' decision staying undefeated, until facing Thailand's Kovid Thabtup in round one of the Thailand Competition Bangkok, 2004 where he lost by judges' decision. Thabtup would go on to win the Gold medal for the competition.
2005 World Championships.
At the Muay Thai World Championships in 2005, Martdee fought in the final against Russia's Mikel Kubaiyan, narrowly losing out to claim the silver medal on a judges' majority points decision in the junior division final.
Australian title.
In 2005, Martdee would face Steve Zankl for the fourth and final time for the WPMF Australian Welterweight championship title. The bout was fought over five rounds where Martdee was cut on the head from a Zankl knee in round three. Martdee fought back and won the judges' unanimous decision to claim the vacant Welterweight Australian Title.
Thailand.
In 2006, Pamorn went to live and train in Bangkok, Thailand. In April 2007 he fought on Saengmorakot Promotions at Bangkok's Lumpinee Stadium against England's Michael Harbone, a late replacement following the pulling out of his original Iranian opponent. Martdee would win by knockout in round four by punches after an accumulation of leg kicks and pressure earlier in the bout.
WBC Muaythai National Title.
In 2007, Martdee fought for the WBC Muay Thai National Title against Yusha Ozhan. In a fast paced bout the two exchanged blows with Martdee outclassing Ozhan for the majority of rounds one to five. It would be the last 20 seconds of the fifth round that Martdee's head hit the canvas following a heel trip from a caught kick. Regaining his footing but dazed and unsteady referee Dean Woodhams applied a standing eight count stopping the bout prematurely and awarding the WBC Muay Thai Welterweight National Title to Yusha Ozhan.
2009.
Martdee made a return to the ring in May 2009 against Belarusian Parviz Iskenderov in a 3 round exhibition match on the Perth based promotion "World Boxing Council Muay Thai Battle Collossal VI" celebrating Australian Muay Thai Promotions 20 years of Muay Thai in Australia, despite his lack of fitness leading up to the bout.
Representing Australia.
Martdee has represented Australia on seven separate occasions:
• 2004 AMAT Prince's Cup (National Stadium. Bangkok, Thailand)
• 2004 AMAT King's Cup (National Stadium. Bangkok, Thailand)
• 2005 WMF World Championships (National Stadium. Bangkok, Thailand)
• 2006 WMF World Championships (National Stadium. Bangkok, Thailand)
• 2007 WMF World Championships (National Stadium. Bangkok, Thailand)
• 2007 Seuk Saengmorakot (Lumpinee Stadium. Bangkok, Thailand)
• 2007 Thailand v The World (Bangla Stadium. Phuket, Thailand)
Promoter.
Martdee made his debut as a promoter in 2011 with his first promotion working in association with Australian Muay Thai Promotions staging Battle Collossal Origins, 29 May 2011 held at the WA Italian Club in Perth with the main event between Andy Regan vs. Jamie "The Dragon" Lunghitano for the WBC Muay Thai Super Middleweight Western Australia State Title.
Origins Fight Promotions.
Pamorn Martdee is the promoter of Origins Fight Promotions, a Perth based fight series that promotes Muay Thai competition from around Western Australia. Events are staged two to three times per year.
WBC Muay Thai.
In 2010 World Boxing Council Vice President and WBC Muay Thai president Police General Kovid Bhakdibhumi appointed Pamorn Martdee the WBC Muay Thai Australia/WBC Muaythai Asia Pacific Chairman to oversee competition and supervise activity within the country and region.
Champions Gym.
In 2011 Martdee founded Champions Gym, located in Highgate, Perth Western Australia. It was founded as a boutique martial arts centre designed for men and women of all ages and fitness levels to be able to train martial arts with courses in Boxing, Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Mixed Martial Arts and Ladies Kick Fitness for fitness, self-defence and competition. Martdee is a Boxing and Muay Thai coach alongside black belt champion William Dias (Nova União (mixed martial arts) / Goioerê BJJ) who coaches Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Whitney Tuna who coaches Ladies Kick Fitness and a number of other coaches.
References.
"WBC Muay Thai" 
"Fight Results" 
"Profile" 
"Previous Discussion" 
"Lumpinee Fight" 
"WMA World Professional Muay Thai Association (formerly World Professional Muay Thai Federation WPMF)" 
"WMF (world Muay Thai Federation)" 
"Reference" 
"Reference2" 
"Origins Fight Promotions Youtube Channel" 
"Champions Gym" 
"Goioerê BJJ" 

</doc>
<doc id="19156933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156933" title="Lourdes (given name)">
Lourdes (given name)

"Lourdes" and "María de Lourdes" are given names.
Notable people bearing these names include:

</doc>
<doc id="19156940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156940" title="Operation Acolyte">
Operation Acolyte

Operation Acolyte was the name given to the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to providing security, ceremonial and general support to the 2006 Commonwealth Games held in Melbourne, Australia.
The ADF contributed approximately 2600 personnel to Operation Acolyte from across the three defence services (Army, Navy, Air Force), and was commanded by Brigadier Andrew Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19156976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156976" title="Stridsvagn m/21-29">
Stridsvagn m/21-29

Stridsvagn m/21 (Strv m/21) was a Swedish development on the German World War I tank prototype LK II.
It was powered by a sleeve valve type engine located in the front, the driver and crew being in the rear. The suspension and running gear was protected by armored skirts. Ten of these tanks were built and were armed with a single 6.5 mm machine gun
The Strv m/21-29 was an upgraded version of the m/21. The modifications included a more powerful engine and heavier armor.
References.
Tanks of the World 1915-1945 by Peter Chamberlain and Chris Ellis 1972/2002 p 159.

</doc>
<doc id="19156980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156980" title="Rome Railroad">
Rome Railroad

This railroad was first chartered as the Memphis Branch Railroad and Steamboat Company of Georgia in 1839. This company built a 20 mile line between Rome, Georgia and Kingston where it connected with the Western and Atlantic Railroad. The name was changed to the Rome Railroad in 1850.
In spite of this, the railroad was often referred to as the Rome and Kingston Railroad in both the 1860 Census and during the Civil War. 
This railroad was acquired by the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway in 1896 who finally abandoned it in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19156983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156983" title="Crime in Kuwait">
Crime in Kuwait

There is a low rate of crime in Kuwait. Incidents of violent crime against foreign citizens are extremely uncommon. The country is a destination point for men and women who migrate legally from South and Southeast Asia for domestic or low-skilled labor, but are subjected to conditions of involuntary servitude by employers including physical and sexual abuse, non-payment of wages, confinement to the home, and withholding of passports to restrict their freedom of movement. People from South Asian countries like Bangladesh, India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka and Southeast Asian nation like the Philippines are trafficked into Kuwait. Kuwait along with Qatar, the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia is in Tier 4 rank which has greater wealth, but a worse human trafficking situation.
Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. In the early 70's the terrorism threat was mostly against government targets perpetrated by various Palestinian factions. During the Iran - Iraq conflict terrorism was mainly by Iranian agents and supporters, where several bombings took place in public places including a suicide car bomb attempt against the ruler which failed. Also during the military build up for Gulf War II there was a heightened terrorism threat by extreme Islamist elements with several attacks targeting foreigners. The government cracked down very hard against the budding extremist threat, and several high profile confrontations took place. That along with strong action by the Saudi Arabian regime, seemed to have eliminated or greatly reduced the threat and Kuwait has not had a terrorist incident since 2005. Several Kuwaiti men linked to extremist elements have been know to have gone to Iraq to fight coalition forces, but that seems to have abated as local Iraqi militants seemed eager to use them as "suicide bombers" without the persons knowledge or consent. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia reported there is a high threat of terrorist attack in Kuwait. DFAT claimed they received reports that terrorists are masterminding attacks against assets belonging to the Government of Kuwait, hotels, restaurants and Western interests. The United States Department of State reported terrorists in the past attacked hotel chains which they believed belonged to westerners. Western housing complexes were also targeted by terrorist organizations. Terrorism in Kuwait may include bombing, hijacking, hostage taking, kidnapping and assassination. Both military and civilians are the potential targets of terrorist groups. According to the US State Department, terrorists can target oil infrastructure, public transportation, schools, places of worship, clubs, shopping complexes, etc., due to increased security measures in official US facilities. Although these places are potential targets of terrorist organization, DFAT emphasized "that attacks could occur at anytime, anywhere in Kuwait".
In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2007, Kuwait was ranked 60th out of 179 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). On a scale of 0 to 10 with 0 the most corrupt and 10 the most transparent, Transparency International rated Kuwait 4.3.

</doc>
<doc id="19156989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19156989" title="Cancionero de Medinaceli">
Cancionero de Medinaceli

The Cancionero de Medinaceli or Cancionero Musical de Medinaceli (CMM) is a manuscript containing Spanish music of the Renaissance. It was copied during the second half of the 16th century and kept at the library of the Duke of Medinaceli's house, hence its name. Is it probably the most important compilation of Spanish secular polyphony of the Renaissance after the Cancionero de Palacio.

</doc>
<doc id="19157055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157055" title="Hottinger &amp; Cie">
Hottinger &amp; Cie

Banque Hottinger & Cie SA, founded in 1968 in Zurich, is one of the successors of the private banking firm established in Paris by Hans-Konrad Hottinger (under the name of Banque Hottinguer). Since its foundation in 1786 Banque Hottinguer has been very active in European economic life. For example, it took part in the creation of Compagnie Générale des Eaux, as well as that of the Insurance company Drouot (at the origin of the group AXA).
Banque Hottinguer in France was sold to Credit Suisse in 1997.
Today, Banque Hottinger & Cie SA in Switzerland continues its activities independently.
In 2013, the asset management company Hottinger & Partners SA is involved in an embezzlement scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="19157057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157057" title="Anhui Agricultural University">
Anhui Agricultural University

Anhui Agricultural University (AAU) () is a Chinese institution of higher learning located in the urban area of Hefei, the provincial capital of Anhui Province, China. As A Jointly-Funded University By Anhui Provincial People's Government And The Ministry of Agriculture of the PRC. It excels in agricultural, forestry and life science, and covers engineering, science, economics, business, literature, law and medicine.
The origin of the university dated back to 1928, when Anhui Provincial University was founded. In 1935, the school of agriculture was formed. In 1954, the agricultural branch was separated, and became an independent institution. The school adopted its current name, "Anhui Agricultural University", in 1995.
History.
In 1928 April, the provincial Anhui University established in Anqing, became the only one colleges and universities in Anhui. August, to set up the grammar school, started to enroll Undergraduate, College of science created in 1929, 1935 created agricultural college.
In 1946 January, Anhui University from provincial to national, by the Ministry of education of the national government.
In 1949 December, Anhui University will all books, instruments, equipment and appliances moved from Anqing to Wuhu, and the Anhui Provincial College merged into Anhui University.
In 1950 July, 1952 September and the summer of 1953, the Anhui University conducted three adjustment, part of the professional adjustment to other institutions of higher learning, and from other colleges and universities to accept some professional. After the adjustment, including Anhui University majoring in agriculture and forestry professional and specialty of normal school two.
In 1954 February, the State Council of the PRC decided to cancel the Anhui University, the Teachers College and agricultural College of Anhui University independently to Anhui normal college and Anhui agricultural college. April, according to the Anhui Provincial People's government decision, Anhui Agricultural College moved to Hefei. The next ten years, professional number from 3 to 10, the original development of teachers from 98 to 432 people, increased the number of students from 307 to 2109.
In November 25, 1968, the Revolutionary Committee of Anhui province made a decision, Anhui Agricultural College moved under the countryside school. In December 6, Anhui Agricultural College moved to rural education, and split into three campuses: Suxian Zilu lake purple campuse, Chuxian campuse and Fengyang campuse.
In 1970, Anhui Agricultural College recruited the first batch of the worker peasant soldier students. In addition to the 1971 not recruit students outside the peasants and soldiers, from 1970 to 1977, Anhui agricultural college, a total of 2731 peasants and soldiers students enrolled.
In June 26, 1978, was in China Vice Premier Deng Xiaoping approved deputy party secretary of Anhui Agricultural College Zhang Jingwu and so on seven CCP members and cadres of the letter, agreed to return the Anhui Agricultural College's buildings and land in Hefei. October, Anhui agricultural college move back to Hefei.
In 1982, Anhui Agricultural College obtain the tea and wood processing professional master's degree.
In 1995, Anhui agricultural college was renamed Anhui Agriculture University.
In 1998, Anhui Agriculture University was approved as a doctorate authorized unit.

</doc>
<doc id="19157062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157062" title="Dighal">
Dighal

Dighal is a village in the Jhajjar district of Haryana, India located about 70 kilemeters Northwest of New Delhi.
Population.
The village holds the distinction of having the highest number of defense officers from the state of Haryana.
The main industry is agriculture.
Politics and class.
The prominent gotra (clan) in Dighal is Ahlawat. The majority of Dighal's population is of Jat heritage..
Dighal is surrounded by lakes and wetlands and is on the route of many migratroy bird species which make Dighal an idea location for bird watching. Hundreds of species of birds migrating from Africa and Northern Asia stop over. The 11 March 2013 Indian Times reported that the Marbeled Teal, Long-Billed Dowitcher, and Baikal Teal were spotted in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19157064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157064" title="Trần Thị Thùy Dung">
Trần Thị Thùy Dung

Trần Thị Thùy Dung (born February 8, 1990 in Đà Nẵng, Việt Nam) was crowned as Miss Vietnam 2008 on August 31 in Hội An. Miss Vietnam 2008 Tran Thi Thuy Dung was the tallest contestant (1,78m - 2008) with body measurements 86 - 61,5- 91. However, Thuy Dung is not allowed to represent her country in Miss World 2008, in Johannesburg, South Africa, on December 13 due to her unlegalized highschool graduate certificate. 
The first runner-up is Phan Hoàng Minh Thư from Đà Lạt (Lâm Đồng Province) and the second runner-up is Nguyễn Thụy Vân from Hà Nội.
Awards.
The winner of the pageant receives VND150 million (US$9,041) in cash, an overseas trip and the right to compete in the Miss World pageant in South Africa later this year.
She will also serve as the country’s ambassador for the “social security for the poor” program initiated by the Vietnam Bank for Investment and Development (BIDV).
Miss Vietnam 2008.
Miss Vietnam 2008: Tran Thi Thuy Dung
First runner-up: Phan Hoang Minh Thu
Second runner-up: Nguyen Thuy Van
Top 5 others: Lam Thu Hang, Dau Thi Hong Phuc
Miss Photo: Thach Thi Hong Nhung
Miss Sea: Lam Thu Hang
Miss Friendly: Dau Thi Hong Phuc
Best in Ao dai: Le Thi May
The Audience’s Prize: Vu Hoang Diep
Best Answer: Nguyen Thuy Van
The top 10 beauties were chosen after 30 contestants performed in ao dai, swimwear and night gowns including: Tran Thi Thuy Dung, Phan Hoang Minh Thu, Nguyen Thuy Van, Lam Thu Hang, Dau thi Hong Phuc, Phan Thi Diem Chau, Trinh Thi Minh Hue, Nguyen Linh Chi, Vo Thi Le Thu and Nguyen Hong Nhung.

</doc>
<doc id="19157076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157076" title="Theoretically">
Theoretically

Theoretically is an album by Tim Berne and Bill Frisell which was released on the Empire label in 1984. It features four compositions by Berne, two by Frisell, and one joint composition.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Daniel Gioffre awarded the album 3 stars stating "The overall feel of this record puts it almost into ambient territory, as Frisell's volume swells and Berne's upper register squeals blend into a single fabric of weighty yet spacious sound. It is a place where melody emerges almost as a surprise from a strangely menacing backdrop of pure atmosphere... It all works, no doubt about it, but there is room to question the quality of the source material. Overall, this is a good, if not particularly great, album from two musicians at the top of their game.".

</doc>
<doc id="19157143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157143" title="Utpal Shanghvi School">
Utpal Shanghvi School

Utpal Shanghvi School is a private school in Mumbai, India, suburb of Juhu(Vile Parle, Mumbai). It is attended by the children of celebrities, business magnates, and politicians. The school follows the SSC state board syllabus and the Cambridge University certified IGCSE syllabus. It was the first school in India to receive the certificate. The former principal of the school Mrs. Abha Dharampal(now CEO) had won the Best Teacher award of India from the former president of India, A. P. J. Abdul Kalam. The school was established in 1982. The school accommodates an average of 35-40 students per classroom in the primary and secondary section. The school celebrated its silver jubilee in the year 2007.
Foundation.
The Juhu Vile Parle Development Co-operative Housing Association formed the Juhu Parle Education and established an English medium school, on Plot No. 7, A-12-3, East West Road No. 3 in JVPD Scheme, Vile Parle West, Mumbai 400 049.
Utpal Shanghvi School began on 8 June 1982, with pre-primary and primary divisions. In June 1983, the secondary section began. The school is non-denominational and co-educational.
Achievements.
The school has introduced AS and A level courses to its IGCSE students. 

</doc>
<doc id="19157155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157155" title="Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine">
Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine

Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine () is an institution of higher learning, located in Guangzhou, the capital of Guangdong Province, China. It was founded in 1956, and is one of four earliest established institutions in China specializing in Chinese traditional medicine. It was originally directly affiliated to Ministry of Health of the People's Republic of China and the State Administration of Traditional Medicine. In 2000, the university became a joint venture between the central government and provincial government, but mainly under the jurisdiction of Guangdong Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19157182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157182" title="Heater (disambiguation)">
Heater (disambiguation)

Heater is an object that emits heat.
Heater may also refer to:
In electronics:
In music:
In other fields:

</doc>
<doc id="19157194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157194" title="Limmared">
Limmared

Limmared is a locality situated in Tranemo Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 1,412 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19157202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157202" title="Gnomedex">
Gnomedex

Gnomedex is a single-track technology conference hosted by Chris Pirillo, the owner of Lockergnome, LLC and is produced by Chris Pirillo and his staff at Lockergnome. Pirillo was the co-host of the show Call For Help on the former cable television channel TechTV. Gnomedex started as an outgrowth of Pirillo's technology newsletters, IRC channel and web site. The conference name is a satirical portmanteau of Pirillo's Lockergnome and the now-defunct Comdex technology trade show, which was a massive and influential annual event at the time of the first Gnomedex conference.
Gnomedex has grown into a conference exploring new and emerging technologies with influencers, entrepreneurs and tech enthusiasts as the primary audience. It bills itself as the crossroads between producers and observers, between users and developers. The conference format is meant to serve the needs of the attendees, many of whom are prolific bloggers and podcasters.
The first Gnomedex took place in October 2001 in Des Moines, Iowa, while the tenth Gnomedex took place in August 2010 in Seattle, Washington. Gnomedex organizer Chris Pirillo announced that due to the difficulites in operating such events, that the tenth was likely to be the last Gnomedex unless additional backing and resources were brought forward to help spread the administrative and organizational overhead. A Gnomedex stage was included in the first Seattle Interactive Conference in November 2011 after Jake Ludington reportedly convinced Chris Pirillo to continue the event.
History.
2001.
The first Gnomedex was held Friday, October 12, 2001 through Sunday October 14, 2001 in Des Moines, Iowa. Originally scheduled for the weekend of 9/11, it was postponed for a month to allow people to adjust their travel plans. Despite the uncertainty, nearly 200 people attended from all over the United States, Canada and Europe. The keynote was delivered by Steve Gibson, president of Gibson Research Corp. Presentations included:
David Lawrence also made a live broadcast of his radio show Online Tonight from Gnomedex.
Sponsorship was by several companies, including SnapStream and Microsoft.
2002.
Gnomedex 2.0 occurred on August 23 through August 24, 2002 in Des Moines, Iowa at the Downtown Marriott. The keynote was delivered by Leo Laporte, formerly with TechTV. The speaker list included:
Microsoft was the banner sponsor.
2003.
Gnomedex 3.0 was held in Des Moines, Iowa on July 25 and 26 2003.
Jennifer Staack was crowned Ms. Gnomedex 2003.
Beth Goza and Kevin Unangst from Microsoft presented on Digital Media in Microsoft Windows.
Speakers included:
Microsoft and Google were the banner sponsors.
2004.
Gnomedex 4.0 (aka "Geeks Gone Wild") was held from September 30 to October 4, 2004 at Harrah's in Lake Tahoe, Nevada. Originally, Gnomedex 4.0 was going to be sponsored by Comedy Central and have an open bar. The theme (and sponsor) changed several times after it was announced. The keynote was by Steve Wozniak. Notable speakers and events included Nick Bradbury, Henry Copeland, Dan Gillmor, Ross Rader, Robert Scoble, Jason Shellen, Wil Wheaton and a live broadcast of the Gillmor Gang syndicated technology radio show. Sponsors included Microsoft, PayPal, Google, AMD, Yahoo! Search, DecisionCast, and ZDNet.
IT Conversations produced podcasts of the sessions, which are still available online. The podcast of Steve Wozniak's keynote address is one of the all-time most popular audio programs in IT Conversations history.
The published schedule was as follows:
2005.
Gnomedex 5.0 was the first of the series to be held in Seattle, Washington at the Bell Harbor Convention Center. The conference took place from June 23–25, 2005. Notable presentations and activities included:
Scheduled speakers and panels were:
A sold-out crowd of over 400 people attended.
2006.
Gnomedex 6.0 was held in Seattle, Washington at the Bell Harbor Convention Center from June 29 - July 1, 2006. Notable presentations were:
The published roster of discussion leaders was:
A sold-out crowd of over 400 people attended.
2007.
Gnomedex 7.0 was held in Seattle, Washington at the Bell Harbor Convention Center on August 9–11, 2007.
Roster of speakers:
Also, a selection of Ignite Seattle! [http://igniteseattle.com/] participants gave a series of 5-minute Pecha Kucha-style presentations.
A sold-out crowd of over 400 people attended.
2008.
Gnomedex 8.0 was held in Seattle, Washington at the Bell Harbor Convention Center on August 21–23, 2008. The theme for this year's Gnomedex was "Human Circuitry." Listed below are the speakers, along with videos of their presentation (hosted on YouTube):
The main hall was filled to capacity with almost 350 attendees.
Interesting or notable events included: Dancing with Matt Harding.
Sponsors included Blue Sky Factor, Chevrolet, CNN.com, Design Reactor, General Motors, HP, Mighty Leaf Tea, Pathable, Solarwinds, SnapStream, Sony, TechSmith, Ustream, Viewzi, WeatherBug, and Wetpaint.
Pirillo also announced he was interested in doing three to four smaller one-day events across the United States in 2009, but did not give further details.
2009.
Gnomedex 9.0 was held from Friday, August 21, 2009 to Saturday, August 22, 2009. Commercial sponsors included Amazon.Com, BlogWorld, C-K Graphics, Comcast, CNN.COM, Digital River, ESET, Griffin, Hawaiian Airlines, Hewlett-Packard, ICanHasCheezBurger, Ipswitch Software, Jinx, Leatherback Printing, Mashable, Microsoft, nPost, PC Pitstop, PCC Natural Markets, PhotoJoJo, Picnik, Ping.fm, ReadWriteWeb, RealNetworks, Seesmic, Shozu, Starbucks, ThrowBoy, Ustream.TV and WeatherBug. Organizational sponsors included BBJ, BrighterPlanet, the Greater Seattle Chamber of Commerce, Heifer International, Puget Sound Blood Center and Social Media Club Seattle.
Speakers:
2010.
Gnomedex 10 was held August 19 through August 21, 2010, in Seattle, Washington at the Bell Harbor Conference Center and shared registration with pii2010 as a part of the larger Seattle Geek Week event.
Commercial sponsors included American Public Media, Atlas Networks, Banyan Branch, the Bellevue Business Journal, BlogWorld, Deploy Day, EventBrite, GirlsInTech, GoDaddy, Griffin Technologies, Hotel Max, Hover, IAmEastSide, the Issaquah Press, Jones Soda Company, Mashable, Microsoft, the Modern Media Man Summit, Parallels Holdings, PCC Natural Markets, Pipeline Deals, Pooper Trooper, PopChips, Privacy Identity Innovation, the Public Insight Network, RaceVision, RealNetworks, ReveNews, Seagate, Seattle Net Tuesday, SeattleWineGal, SmartCup, Social Media Club Seattle, SuperAntiSpyware, Swedish Medical Center, UStream.TV, Washington Technology Industry Association, WeatherBug, Yelp and Zing Bars.
The tenth Gnomedex conference had a similar schedule to previous Gnomedexes held at the Bell Harbor Conference Center, starting with registration and then a social mixer for attendees to meet.
Speakers:
Organizers indicate that the 2010 Gnomedex will likely be the last.
2011.
Gnomedex 2011 was held on November 2, 2011 in Seattle, Washington at the Washington State Convention Center and held in conjunction with Seattle Interactive Conference 2011.
Speakers:
Chris Pirillo said he was thinking about holding another Gnomedex in 2012 as a standalone event.

</doc>
<doc id="19157207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157207" title="Religion and happiness">
Religion and happiness

Religion and happiness have been studied by a number of researchers, and religion features many elements addressing the components of happiness, as identified by positive psychology. Its association with happiness is facillitated in part by the social connections of organized religion, and by the neuropsychological benefits of prayer and belief.
Research.
There are a number of mechanisms through which religion may make a person happier, including social contact and support that result from religious pursuits, the mental activity that comes with optimism and volunteering, learned coping strategies that enhance one's ability to deal with stress, and psychological factors such as "reason for being." It may also be that religious people engage in behaviors related to good health, such as less substance abuse) since the use of psychotropic substances is sometimes considered abuse.
The "Handbook of Religion and Health" describes a survey by Feigelman (1992) who examined happiness in Americans who have given up religion, in which it was found that there was little relationship between religious disaffiliation and unhappiness.Feigelman et al. (1992) examined happiness in Americans who have given up religion. Using pooled data from the General Social Surveys conducted between 1972 and 1990, investigators identified more than 20,000 adults for their study. Subjects of particular interest were “disaffiliates”—those who were affiliated with a religion at age 16 but who were not affiliated at the time of the survey (disaffiliates comprised from 4.4% to 6.0% of respondents per year during the 18 years of surveys). “Actives” were defined as persons who reported a religious affiliation at age 16 and a religious affiliation at the time of the survey (these ranged from 84.7% to 79.5% of respondents per year between 1972 and 1990). Happiness was measured by a single question that assessed general happiness (very happy, pretty happy, not too happy). When disaffiliates (n = 1,420) were compared with actives (n = 21,052), 23.9% of disaffiliates indicated they were “very happy, ” as did 34.2% of actives. When the analysis was stratified by marital status, the likelihood of being very happy was about 25% lower (i.e., 10% difference) for married religious disaffiliates compared with married actives. Multiple regression analysis revealed that religious disaffiliation explained only 2% of the variance in overall happiness, after marital status and other covariates were controlled. Investigators concluded that there was little relationship between religious disaffiliation and unhappiness (quality rating 7)</ref> A survey by Kosmin & Lachman (1993), also cited in this handbook, indicates that people with no religious affiliation appear to be at greater risk for depressive symptoms than those affiliated with a religion.Currently, approximately 8% of the U.S. population claim no religious affiliation (Kosmin & Lachman, 1993). People with no affiliation appear to be at greater risk for depressive symptoms than those affiliated with a religion. In a sample of 850 medically ill men, Koenig, Cohen, Blazer, Pieper, et al. (1992) examined whether religious affiliation predicted depression after demographics, medical status, and a measure of religious coping were controlled. They found that, when relevant covariates were controlled, men who indicated that they had “no religious affiliation” had higher scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (an observer-administered rating scale) than did men who identified themselves as moderate Protestants, Catholics, or nontraditional Christians.</ref> A review of studies by 147 independent investigators found, "the correlation between religiousness and depressive symptoms was -.096, indicating that greater religiousness is mildly associated with fewer symptoms."
The Legatum Prosperity Index reflects the repeated finding of research on the science of happiness that there is a positive link between religious engagement and wellbeing: people who report that God is very important in their lives are on average more satisfied with their lives, after accounting for their income, age and other individual characteristics.
Surveys by Gallup, the National Opinion Research Center and the Pew Organization conclude that spiritually committed people are twice as likely to report being "very happy" than the least religiously committed people. An analysis of over 200 social studies contends that "high religiousness predicts a lower risk of depression and drug abuse and fewer suicide attempts, and more reports of satisfaction with sex life and a sense of well-being.
However, the links between religion and happiness are always very broad in nature, highly reliant on scripture and small sample number. To that extent there is a much larger connection between religion and suffering (Lincoln 1034)." And a review of 498 studies published in peer-reviewed journals concluded that a large majority of them showed a positive correlation between religious commitment and higher levels of perceived well-being and self-esteem and lower levels of hypertension, depression, and clinical delinquency. A meta-analysis of 34 recent studies published between 1990 and 2001 found that religiosity has a salutary relationship with psychological adjustment, being related to less psychological distress, more life satisfaction, and better self-actualization. Finally, a recent systematic review of 850 research papers on the topic concluded that "the majority of well-conducted studies found that higher levels of religious involvement are positively associated with indicators of psychological well-being (life satisfaction, happiness, positive affect, and higher morale) and with less depression, suicidal thoughts and behavior, drug/alcohol use/abuse."
Methodological considerations.
The studies cited above test only correlation, as opposed to causation; they do not distinguish between various possible explanations. These include the following:
Some researchers suggest there are happiness benefits to being in the majority when it comes to religious belief. Many studies finding correlations between happiness and religiosity come from measuring Religion in the United States - a predominantly Christian country (making the nonreligious a minority). According to a 2007 paper by Liesbeth Snoep, published in the Journal of Happiness Studies, there is no significant correlation between religiosity and individual happiness when researchers measure Religion in the Netherlands and Denmark. These countries have lower rates of religious affiliation than the United States, meaning the non-religious are not the vast minority - a fact that Snoep thinks might help explain the different correlations. This might suggest that religious people are happier because they are simply satisfying various other criteria for happiness. According to the Gallup World Poll survey conducted between 2005 and 2009 Denmark is the happiest country in the world, and the Netherlands rank fourth.
Terror management.
Terror management theory maintains that people suffer cognitive dissonance (anxiety) when they are reminded of their inevitable death. Through terror management, individuals are motivated to seek consonant elements – symbols which make sense of mortality and death in satisfactory ways (i.e. boosting self-esteem).
Research has found that strong belief in religious "or" secular meaning systems affords psychological security and hope. It is moderates (e.g. agnostics, slightly religious individuals) who likely suffer the most anxiety from their meaning systems. Religious meaning systems are especially adapted to manage death anxiety because they are unlikely to be disconfirmed (for various reasons), they are all encompassing, and they promise literal immortality.
Whether emotional effects are beneficial or adverse seems to vary with the nature of the belief. Belief in a benevolent God is associated with lower incidence of general anxiety, social anxiety, paranoia, obsession, and compulsion whereas belief in a punitive God is associated with greater symptoms. (An alternative explanation is that people seek out beliefs that fit their psychological and emotional states.)
Citizens of the world's poorest countries are the most likely to be religious, and researchers suggest this is because of religion's powerful coping abilities. Luke Galen also supports terror management theory as a partial explanation of the above findings. Galen describes evidence (including his own research) that the benefits of religion are due to strong convictions and membership in a social group.

</doc>
<doc id="19157211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157211" title="Elsay Lake">
Elsay Lake

Elsay Lake is a lake 15 km NE of North Vancouver, located near the Centre of Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver, British Columbia. Originally named Mystery Lake and still known to some as such.
It has subsequently been renamed Lake Elsay, after nearby Elsay Creek. This name is thought to derive from a Scottish settler, probably after a place name in Scotland.
Hiking Routes.
It is most easily accessed via the Elsay Lake Trail which takes one to the East of Mount Seymour and Mount Elsay. Although a rugged trail, it is fairly well marked, and can be accomplished by most reasonably fit and experienced people in 4–6 hours one way. Such is not the case for the two other, un-official trails, one to the west of Mt Seymour and Mt Elsay, which continues on as the Indian Arm Trail after the point where one can head down to Elsay Lake, the other midway up the slopes above Indian Arm from the Mt Seymour access road to Elsay Creek, thence following the creek up to a junction with the official trail. Many inadvertent overnight stays and/or rescues have occurred here due to hikers underestimating the difficulty and time required for even the official trail. There is a small emergency shelter at the lake. Do not attempt without full knowledge of the terrain and routes.

</doc>
<doc id="19157222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157222" title="Venaccio">
Venaccio

Venaccio (Jason Horvath, born 26 September 1985) is an American EDM DJ and producer from Colorado. Venaccio is known for his expansive musical style in the electronic dance music scene. With several genres under his belt, Venaccio has promoted himself through many various labels from all over the world.
Musical career.
Under the name Venaccio, Jason began his musical career at home in Boulder, CO mid-2008. Aiming for top spots, Venaccio made remixes of which Tiësto - Louder Than Boom (Venaccio remix) was quickly noticed and played by the man himself on the same internationally renowned radio show Club Life 133. Within the same week Our Anthem and Twilight were signed to In Trance We Trust (label) sub-label to Black Hole Recordings and set for a release date early 2010. Since then, Venaccio has been producing various genres of EDM: trance, progressive house, electro house, and pop. Each track has been supported by many artists around the world both live and on popular radio shows (A State Of Trance, Club Life, BBC Radio).
References.
http://lodomagazine.com/2010/11/19/out-of-nowhere-the-growing-popularity-of-venaccio/
Discography.
Releases:
2008: <br>
Forever Today<br>
Before You Leave Me<br>
Let It Happen<br>
Snatch
2009: <br>
Wippenberg - Chakalaka (Venaccio remix)<br>
Blake Jarrell - Boracay (Venaccio remix)
2010: <br>
Our Anthem<br>
<br>
Eddie Sender - Proxima Centauri (Venaccio remix)<br>
Twilight<br>
Out of Nowhere ft. Daigon<br>
Eyes Like Stars (Light/Dark Edit)
2011: <br>
Matt Bukovski - Lucid Dreams (Venaccio remix) (Arisa Audio)<br>
Avatar (Songbird)<br>
Ivan Novich & Richard Wilkins - College Fund (Venaccio remix) (Amibella Recordings)
2012:<br>
Torch (Manufactured Music)<br>
Doozy (Manufactured Music)<br>
Aura (Black Hole Recordings)<br>
Maverick (Black Hole Recordings)
2013:<br>
Mr Wolf (TRXX)<br>
Dirty Harry (TRXX)

</doc>
<doc id="19157223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157223" title="Rambler (Bill Frisell album)">
Rambler (Bill Frisell album)

Rambler is the second album by Bill Frisell to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Frisell, Kenny Wheeler, Bob Stewart, Jerome Harris and Paul Motian.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "This relatively early set from Bill Frisell is a fine showcase for the utterly unique guitarist. Frisell has the ability to play nearly any extroverted style of music and his humor (check out the date's "Music I Heard") is rarely far below the surface. This particular quintet (with trumpeter Kenny Wheeler, tuba player Bob Stewart, electric bassist Jerome Harris and drummer Paul Motian) is not exactly short of original personalities and their outing (featuring seven Frisell compositions) is one of the most lively of all the ones in the ECM catalog.".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Bill Frisell"

</doc>
<doc id="19157294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157294" title="Involution (medicine)">
Involution (medicine)

Involution refers to the shrinking or return of an organ to a former size. At a cellular level, involution is characterized by the process of proteolysis of the basement membrane (basal lamina), leading to epithelial regression and apoptosis, with accompanying stromal fibrosis. The consequent reduction in cell number and reorganization of stromal tissue leads to the reduction in the size of the organ.
Examples.
Thymus.
The thymus continues to grow between birth and puberty and then begins to atrophy, a process directed by the high levels of circulating sex hormones. Proportional to thymic size, thymic activity (T cell output) is most active before puberty. Upon atrophy, the size and activity are dramatically reduced, and the organ is primarily replaced with fat. The atrophy is due to the increased circulating level of sex hormones, and chemical or physical castration of an adult results in the thymus increasing in size and activity. 
Uterus.
Involution is the process by which the uterus is transformed from pregnant to non-pregnant state. It is a physiological process occurring after e.g. parturition; the hypertrophy of the uterus has to be undone since it does not need to house the fetus anymore. This process is primarily due the hormone oxytocin.
the duration was 10-13 days.
Mammary gland.
During pregnancy until after birth, mammary glands grow steadily to a size required for optimal milk production. At the end of breastfeeding, the number of cells in the mammary gland becomes reduced until approximately the same number is reached as before the start of pregnancy.

</doc>
<doc id="19157307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157307" title="Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer">
Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer

Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer (15 February 1764, Zurich – 12 September 1841, Castle Piple, Boissy-Saint-Léger) was a Swiss-born banker who later became a Baron of the French empire.
Biography.
Early life.
Since 1362, the Hottinger name has been intricately linked with the political, commercial, economic, cultural and religious life in Europe. In 1401, Hans, Heinrich and Rudolf Hottinger were appointed The Burghers of Zurich. Following his fathers footsteps in 1507, Rudolph Hottinger became a member of the Zurich grand council. In the decades that followed, the Hottinger family distinguished themselves as surgeons, academics, and theologians. In 1740, Hans-Rudolph introduced the Hottinger family to the world of business and trade, although family continued to occupy important public post. However, the Hottinger family now turned most of their energy to banking. 
Hans-Konrad was born in 1764, he later changed his name to Jean-Conrad. He studied finance in Geneva, where he took a particular interest in the emerging areas of commercial laws and international trade. He became a devoted student of public borrowing in both France and England.
Career.
In 1784, Hottinguer left the city of Zurich to go pursue a business career in Paris. Due to the work of Jean-Conrad, the name Hottinger appeared under the heading of “Bankers” in the "Almanach Royal de France" in 1784. During the turbulent years of the French Revolution, banking and trade associations were closed down to be reborn later on under the Directoire. Hottinguer left France during this troublesome period and traveled around Europe and America, he met his future wife Martha Redwood in London, the grand daughter of the founder of the Redwood Library and Athenaeum in Newport and married her on 24 August 1793. During this time, he made an array of contacts, and set up a useful business network around the world. This resulted in a number of fruitful commercial and business relationships, including the Bishop of Autun, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord. 
After many years of traveling, Hottinguer finally returned to France in 1796 to continue working as French banker. Business recommenced at Hottinger & Cie in Paris once the Revolution ended. The French economy was once again able to function properly when banking and trading had resumed. Hottinger & Cie became intimately involved in financial and trade industries in France, Switzerland and many other areas of the world thanks to the work of Hottinguer. 
In the late 18th century, Hottinguer was one of the French agents involved in the XYZ Affair, a much-publicized diplomatic scandal between France and the United States.
In the beginning 19th century, a family friend and associate, Henri Escher, established the first Hottinger representative office in America. His son, Alfred Escher, founded Credit Suisse, the École Polytechnique of Zurich, and Gotthard Rail Company before being made President of the national council. For his achievements, the city for Zürich recognizes him with a statue.
In 1803, Hottinguer was appointed as a founding member of The Board of Governors for The Banque de France. He then went on to become a member of the general Council of trade and then president of the Paris Chamber of Commerce and Industry. On 19 September 1810 he was made a Baron of the French empire. This hereditary title would pass to the oldest son of each generation. 
Hottinger later became interested in the insurance industry. In the first year that the insurance industry was open to bankers, he created the first Compagnie Royale D`Assurances. In 1818, he joined forces with Benjamin Delessert to create the Caisse d'Epargne et de Prévoyance de Paris, this was France’s first savings bank. Jean-Conrad died in 1841 and was later succeeded by his son Jean-Henri Hottinguer.
See also House of Hottinguer and Hottinger chronology.
References.
http://www.hottinger.com
http://www.groupe.caisse-epargne.com/asp/ci_modele2.aspx?np=1818_fondation_caisse_ci&ml=826
http://www.genea-bdf.org/BasesDonnees/genealogies/hottinger.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19157308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157308" title="Elpistostegalia">
Elpistostegalia

Elpistostegalia or Panderichthyida is the name of the order of prehistoric lobe-finned fishes which lived during the Late Devonian period (about 385 to 374 million years ago). They represent the advanced tetrapodomorph stock, the fishes more closely related to tetrapods than the osteolepiform fishes. The earliest elpistostegalians, combining fishlike and tetrapod-like characters, are sometimes called fishapods, a phrase coined for the advanced elpistostegalian "Tiktaalik".
Palaeobiology of the elpistostegalians.
A rise in global oxygen content allowed for the evolution of large, predatory fish that were able to exploit the shallow tidal areas and swamplands as top predators. Several groups evolved to fill these niches, the most successful were the elpistiostegalians. In such environments, they would have been challenged by periodic oxygen deficiency. In comparable modern aquatic environments like shallow eutrophic lakes and swampland, modern lungfish and some genera of catfish also rely on the more stable, atmospheric source of oxygen.
Being shallow-water fishes, the elpistostegalians evolved many of the basic adaptions that later allowed the tetrapods to become terrestrial animals. The most important ones were the shift of main propulsion apparatus from the tail fin to the pectoral and pelvic fins, and a shift to reliance on lungs rather than gills as the main means of obtaining oxygen. Both of these appear to be a direct result of moving to an inland freshwater mode of living.
The elpistostegalians gave rise to the tetrapods in the Eifelian (early middle Devonian) around 395 million years ago. While the early tetrapods flourished and diversified over the next 30 million years, the non-tetrapod elpistostegalians disappear from the fossil record fairly quickly in the early Frasnean around 380 million years ago, leaving the tetrapods the sole survivors of their line.
Traits.
Professor Per Ahlberg has identified the following traits as synapomorphic for Elpistostegalia (and thus Tetrapoda):
Phylogeny.
The name, originally coined around the genus "Elpistostege", has become a synonym for Panderichthyida. In most analyses, the group is an evolutionary grade, the last "fishes" of the tetrapod stem line, though Chang and Yu (1997) treat them as the sister clade to Tetrapoda.
Below is a cladogram from Swartz, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19157323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157323" title="Stridsvagn m/42">
Stridsvagn m/42

Stridsvagn m/42 (Strv m/42) was the first Swedish tank to have a 75 mm gun. It was known as Lago II-III-IV by AB Landsverk. It first entered service with the Swedish army in November 1941 and was designated the Stridsvagn m/42. It was a fully modern tank for its time. It was armed with a 75 mm L/34 gun. It was also well protected and mobile.
Design history.
The Strv m/42 had its origins on modifications in the Lago (the manufacturer designation) a 16 tons light tank armed with a 57 mm cannon and three machine guns produced for the Hungarian Army in late 1930s by the AB Landsverk, itself a development of the Stridsvagn L-60 light tank also made by the AB Landsverk. The Swedish Army specified for a bigger and better tank than the Lago resulting in the Strv m/42 (later known as Strv m/42 TM), a 22-ton tank armed with a 75mm L/34 gun, suited against armored and soft vehicles, it had similar performance as the German 7.5 cm StuK 37 L/24 gun. The gearbox of the m/42 TM wasn't working well and these tanks were built either as m/42 TH, or they got a new mechanical gearbox and became known m/42 TV.
Production history.
In November 1941 100 Strv m/42s were ordered. All the vehicles had an electromagnetic gearbox. (Strv m/42 TM, the T meaning two engines and the M meaning electromagnetic gearbox). In January 1942 another 60 Strv m/42s were ordered. This batch were built under license by Volvo, the first 55 vehicles were fitted with twin Scania-Vabis 603 engines and the remaining five were equipped with a new engine, the Volvo A 8B. All the vehicles had the first batch electromagnetic gearbox replaced by a new hydraulic gearbox, with all these modifications, the single-engine vehicles were now designated as Strv m/42 EH, (the E meaning one engine and the H meaning hydraulic gearbox), the dual-engines tanks but with the new transmission were designated as Strv m/42 TH.
In June 1942 another 80 were ordered from Landsverk, they were 70 m/42 TH and 10 m/42 EH.
Between April 1943 to January 1945, 282 Strv m/42s were delivered, of which 180 tanks were made in Landsverk, 102 at Volvo. Most of the vehicles, 225 pieces, was fitted with Scania engines. The other 57 tanks got Volvo engines.<ref name=Strv m/42/> All of the 225 Strv m/42 TH and m/42 TV produced (all strv m/42 with twin Scania-Vabis 603 engines), were rebuilt between 1957 and 1960 to Stridsvagn 74 tank and the EH vehicles (strv m/42 with single Volvo engine A 8B engines) to Infanterikanonvagn 73 infantry support vehicles. The turrets were reused as static gun pillboxes, along the major coastlines, but mostly defending harbours and more seldom airfields.<ref name=Strv m/42/>
Variants.
Strv m/42 was originally ordered in four versions in three configurations:<ref name=Strv m/42/>
Service.
The Strv m/42 was issued to the following armored regiments:<ref name=Strv m/42/>
The Strv m/42s were employed in the heavy tank companies of the armored brigades. They were phased out of active service in the 1950s and replaced by the Stridsvagn 81.

</doc>
<doc id="19157341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157341" title="Gangamma Temple, Dhenuvakonda">
Gangamma Temple, Dhenuvakonda

Goddess Gangamma Temple is in the outskirts of Dhenuva Konda, Garlapadu village in Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh, India. Sunday is preferable day to offer pooja in the temple. 
Goddess Gangamma is a powerful figure to the Yadava community. They celebrate Jatara for her on the full moon in April. During Jatara, the temple is decorated with a huge set of lighting. Devotees visit and pray to the goddess for the whole day and night of that full moon day.
Location.
Goddess Gangamma Temple is 1.5 km from Dhenuva Konda village and 1 km from Garlapadu village (new).
There is a temple for God Nagavendrudu, which is just beside this temple.
Goddess Kanaka Durga temple has been constructed on the middle of the hill. Devotees have to take a ghat road to the temple for about one kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="19157355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157355" title="Baron Jean–Henri Hottinguer">
Baron Jean–Henri Hottinguer

Baron Jean-Henri was born in Paris on the 25 January 1803, he was the first-born son of Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer, thus making him his successor. In 1818 he left Paris to develop his knowledge of the business world and to continue his education. His first destination was England, in London he worked for Lloyds and also worked at the English Stock Exchange. At the age of 23 he departed London to go to America, where he spent several years working. During this time he made very interesting contacts that would help him in future devours. He eventually comes back to France to help his father with the business as a French banker. 
In 1816 Hottinger & Cie takes an interest in the insurance business. They proceed to establish the Compagnie Royale d’Assurance maritime after the creation in 1789 of the first Compagnie Royal d’assurance. Some prestigious names appear on the founding document of this intuition: Jacques Laffitte, governor of the Bank of France, Hottinguer, Benjamin Delessert and twenty directors from the “Compagnie Royale d’Assurances Maritimes”. After this was done Benjamin Delessert and Hottinger & Cie found the Caisse d’Epargne the first savings bank for small investors.
In 1833 Jean-Henri is given control of Hottinger & Cie when his father retires at the age of 63.In 1858 Jean-Henri marries Caroline Delessert, the only daughter of Baron Delessert. One of his many achievements in life was completed in 1848, when He takes control of the Delessert Bank after the death of Benjamin Delessert. His wife Caroline was the last of her Dynasty. 
In 1852 Jean-Henri help to set up the Compagnie Générale des Eaux, it was at one time part of Vivendi and is currently known as VEOLIA, and the first French rail network. Subsequently In 1863 Jean-Henri participates along with other major banking families to create the Ottoman Bank in Istanbul, which then became the Australia and New Zealand bank.
Jean Henri only lived till the age of 63, he died of natural cause in 1866. he was succeed by his son Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer (1835-1920). Baron Rodolphe takes control of Hottinger & Cie after the death of his Father. He has a very interesting life full of accomplishments. 
See also House of Hottinguer and Hottinger chronology.

</doc>
<doc id="19157362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157362" title="Third Military Medical University">
Third Military Medical University

Third Military Medical University (中国人民解放军第三军医大学) is a Chinese military institution of higher learning, affiliated to the People's Liberation Army (PLA). It is located in Chongqing, and was founded in 1954, by the merger of former Sixth and Seventh Medical Universities. The predecessor of the Sixth Medical University was Military Medical School of 4th Field Army of PLA and Nanchang Medical College (former Zhongzheng Medical College). The Seventh Medical University originated from the Medical School of Taiyue Military Region (Later the Medical College of 2nd Field Army of PLA). After merging, the school was named "Seventh Military Medical University". It was relocated to Shanghai in 1969, but moved back to Chongqing in 1975, when the Central Military Commission of PLA renamed it "Third Military Medical University". 

</doc>
<doc id="19157371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157371" title="Trentino Tomorrow">
Trentino Tomorrow

Trentino Tomorrow () was a regionalist social-liberal Italian political party active in the province of Trentino, Italy.
It was composed of former members of the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Republican Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and Democratic Alliance. In the 1998 provincial election the list won 5.1% of the vote and got two provincial deputies elected, Marco Benedetti and Mauro Leveghi. For the 2003 provincial election, Trentino Tomorrow was transformed in Faithful to Trentino.

</doc>
<doc id="19157374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157374" title="Swamy Sahajanand Saraswati Extension Scientist/ Worker Award">
Swamy Sahajanand Saraswati Extension Scientist/ Worker Award

Swamy Sahajanand Saraswati Extension Scientist/ Worker Award is awarded by Indian Council of Agricultural Research which was instituted in honour of Swami Sahajanand Saraswati.
This award was instituted in 1995 and is given to the outstanding Extension Scientists/ Workers from the ICAR-SAU-NGO/State Government Research Extension Network for their innovative research in developing extension education programmes, adopting extension methodologies and creating impact of the program on the farming community, especially to the downtrodden. Four awards of Rs 25,000 along with a citation and a plaque are given away once in two years.
The Swami Sahajanand Saraswati extension scientist/worker award for the biennium 2003-2004 was conferred on Ravindra Kumar Sohane of Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Beguserai, Bihar; S C Pramanik of Krishi Vigyan Kendra, CARI, Port Blair; and P. Anitha Kumari for extension work in resource management. 
In 2007, Swami Sahajanand Saraswati Extension Scientist Worker Award was given to two scientists for crop production and one each for livestock production, resource management and home science.

</doc>
<doc id="19157380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157380" title="Väröbacka">
Väröbacka

Väröbacka is a locality situated in Varberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 630 inhabitants in 2010. Sunvära SK is a bandy club.

</doc>
<doc id="19157392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157392" title="Stefano Kunchev">
Stefano Kunchev

Stefano Krasimirov Kunchev (; born 20 April 1991 in Troyan) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Chernomorets Burgas.
His first club was FC Vekta. Kunchev made his debut in professional football as a 17 year old for Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
International career.
In January, 2010, the Bulgarian national under-21 coach Mihail Madanski called Kunchev in the Bulgaria national under-21 football team for the friendly tournament Albena Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19157463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157463" title="1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles">
1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles

Javier Sánchez defeated Guillermo Pérez-Roldán 6–2, 7–6 to win the 1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix singles competition. Perez-Roldan was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19157466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157466" title="Rodolphe Hottinguer">
Rodolphe Hottinguer

Rodolphe Hottinguer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19157467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157467" title="Southern Medical University">
Southern Medical University

Southern Medical University (), formerly known as First Military Medical University, affiliated to the People's Liberation Army of China, is a Chinese institution of higher learning, located in Guangzhou, the capital city of Guangdong Province, China. It was founded in 1951 and became one of national key universities in 1979. Approved by the State Council and the Central Military Commission of the PLA, the university came under the jurisdiction of Guangdong Province in August, 2004, thus renamed as Southern Medical University. Southern Medical University is located at the foothills of the picturesque Baiyun Mountain in Guangzhou. The main campus, together with its south campus in the southern suburb of Guangzhou, covers an area of nearly one million square meters. The university has been awarded the first-class garden-like university, for rows of green trees nourish and bouquets of flowers blossom on the campuses all throughout the year.
Rankings & Reputation.
Southern Medical University is ranked 2641 by 4icu world ranking and 1499 by Webometrics world ranking.
Courses offered.
This University offers courses in Clinical Medicine at the Bachelors and Masters level. Apart from Medical courses in both Western Medicine and Traditional Chinese Medicine, courses in Economics and Medical Related fields are also offered. Students are also taught English (for Chinese students) and Mandarin Chinese (for the International Students) at the basic level.
"Southern Medical University", is WHO (World Health Organization) recognised and also recognised by the MCI (Medical Council of India).
The University is a rich haven for research and development in the field of medicine.
Affiliated Hospitals.
Southern Medical University flourishes along with its handover from the military system to the civilian one. Its 7 affiliated hospitals are 
6 of which have been appraised as “First-Class Hospitals at Grade III”.

</doc>
<doc id="19157472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157472" title="Praveen Swami">
Praveen Swami

Praveen Swami (born 1969) is an Indian journalist, analyst and author specialising on international strategic and security issues. He was the Diplomatic Editor of "The Daily Telegraph" newspaper between September 2010 – October 2011 and is currently the Strategic Affairs Editor of "The Hindu" newspaper, and its Resident Editor in New Delhi.
Swami was the Associate Editor of the Indian newspaper "The Hindu" from 1993, for which he reported on topics such as the conflict in Kashmir, the Maoist insurgency in India, and Islamist groups. He reported on Kashmir, Punjab and security issues for much of the 1990s before becoming the Mumbai bureau chief in 1998. 
Swami also served as a producer for an independent television network, where he worked on projects related to terrorism in the Punjab. He regularly contributes to many reputable magazines and vernaculars such as "Frontline" and "Outlook". He was also briefly associated with Network 18 owned Indian news-channel CNN-IBN in 2013.
Praveen Swami is the author of two books on the India-Pakistan conflict in Kashmir. He is considered one of India's foremost experts of Islamist terrorism.
Awards.
Praveen Swami has won several awards for his work. He received the Sanskriti Samman Award in 1999 for a series of investigative stories on Indian military and intelligence failures preceding and during the Kargil conflict. His work on the Indian army's counter-terrorist operations won him the Prem Bhatia Memorial Award for Political Journalism in 2003. In 2006, he also won the Indian Express- Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism prize for "for his extensive and in-depth reports on terrorism in Jammu & Kashmir, and investigations into the merchants of terror." Swami was a Jennings Randolph Senior Fellow at the United States Institute of Peace in Washington in 2004–2005.
He has occasionally contributed for the New Delhi-based "South Asia Intelligence Review".

</doc>
<doc id="19157477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157477" title="1966–67 FA Cup">
1966–67 FA Cup

The 1966–67 FA Cup was the 86th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Tottenham Hotspur won the competition for the fifth time, beating Chelsea 2–1 in the first all-London final. The game was played at Wembley. 
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 26 November 1966. Ten were drawn and went to replays two, three or four days later. Of these, four required second replays, and two third replays.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 January 1967. Five matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. The Middlesbrough–York City match required a second game to settle the contest. This was the last time that the Second Round of the FA Cup was scheduled for January, rather than the typical December.
Third Round Proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 28 January 1967. Eleven matches were drawn and went to replays, one of which (Hull City–Portsmouth) required a second replay. 
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 18 February 1967. Six matches were drawn and went to replays. The replays were all played three or four days later, except for the Fulham–Sheffield United match which was settled on the 1 March.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 11 March 1967. Three games required replays three or four days later, and only one of these replays finished in a draw. The second replays took place on 20 March.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on 8 April 1969. The Tottenham–Birmingham City game was replayed four days later following a draw.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 29 April 1967 with no replays required. Spurs and Chelsea came through the semi final round to meet at Wembley.
Final.
The 1967 FA Cup Final was contested by Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea at Wembley on Saturday 20 May 1967. The match was the first ever all-London final and finished 2–1 to Spurs.

</doc>
<doc id="19157487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157487" title="Stridsvagn L-100 and 101">
Stridsvagn L-100 and 101

Landsverk L-100 (L-100) was a prototype design by Landsverk in 1933-34. It was designed as an ultra-light tank weighing just 4.5 tones. It was armed with a single machine gun, Its max speed was 55km/h. It never entered service with the Swedish army. The only known photo (see photo link) of the tank indicates also a 20mm gun version maybe installed later on to the prototype.
Landsverk L-101 which actually preceded the L-100 was an ultra-light weight tank destroyer armed with a 20mm Cannon. This design never got beyond the drawing board.
References.
1. Tanks of the World 1915-1945 by Peter Chamberlain and Chris Ellis 1972/2002 p 160. <br>
2. Swedish Armor http://mailer.fsu.edu/~akirk/tanks/swe/Swedish.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19157509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157509" title="Forgive Me (Leona Lewis song)">
Forgive Me (Leona Lewis song)

"Forgive Me" is a song by British singer Leona Lewis featured on the North American version and on the international deluxe edition of her debut album "Spirit" (2008). It was released as the fourth single of the album in the United Kingdom on 3 November 2008. The song was written by Aliaune "Akon" Thiam, Claude Kelly and Giorgio Tuinfort, and produced by Akon. Lyrically, "Forgive Me" is a R&B, dance-pop and soul written in A minor. Its lyrics reference about a girl who has found a new love and she is asking forgiveness to her old love. 
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, but some of them criticised Lewis's voice for being very similar those of Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey voice. It was promoted on the television shows, such "GMTV" and "The National Lottery Live" The music video was released on 16 September 2008. It is inspired by several Broadway musicals, including "Carousel" and "West Side Story". On it is also featured the JabbaWockeeZ dance crew. "Forgive Me" debuted at number five on the British and Irish charts, making it Lewis's fourth single to achieve the top ten in the UK. It peaked at number one in the Slovakia and reached the top ten in Italy and Sweden. In May 2010, the song was included in the setlist of her debut tour The Labyrinth.
Background and composition.
"Forgive Me" was written by Claude Kelly, Giorgio Tuinfort and Aliaune Thiam, and produced by the last. The single was pressed with one B-side, "Myself", written by Justin E. Boykin, Graham N. Marsh, Lewis and Alonzo Stevenson.
"Forgive Me" is an R&B, soul and dance-pop song written in A minor. It moves at 120 beats per minute and is set in common time. On it, Lewis performs her highest pitch (G5) in falsetto during the final chorus, and her lowest pitch (A3) during each verse. The song refers to a protagonist in a one-sided relationship who leaves her boyfriend and eventually finds someone to reciprocate her love. Though she has found love from someone else, she defends herself and asks her ex-boyfriend for forgiveness. In an interview with Digital Spy, Lewis explained why she decided in change the musical genre of her previous singles, from contemporary R&B to dance-pop. She said: "I wanted to do something a bit different and the chance to work with Akon came about. I'm really pleased with how it's turned out and it's great that it's different, rather than what I always do." There are two versions of the song, the "album version" (3:41) and the "single mix" (3:25), which was used in the music video. The album version repeats the bridge two times,
Release and promotion.
The single cover was released on 17 September 2008, whilst the song was released in the UK on 3 November 2008 as the fourth single. Originally, the song was featured only in the North American version of the album "Spirit", launched in 2008. Despite this, it was not released as a single in the region. Later, "Forgive Me" was added in the of the album, which was released internationally in the same year.
Lewis performed the song on the television programmes "The National Lottery Live" on 29 October 2008, and "GMTV" on 31 October 2008. Outside of the UK, she also performed the song on the Italian television show "Carramba Che Sorpresa" and on the Swedish talent show "Idol". In May 2010, the song was added to the setlist of her tour The Labyrinth, performed as the eighth song of the show. A live performance from The O2 Arena was included on the live album's DVD "The Labyrinth Tour Live from The O2". In 2013, Lewis added "Forgive Me" to the setlist of her Glassheart Tour.
Critical reception.
"Forgive Me" received generally positive reviews from music critics. The BBC review of the single called "Forgive Me" a "danceable funky pop song". Gavin Martin of "The Mirror" said, "song showcases her voice of fire and honey. No apologies necessary". Nick Levine, Digital Spy music critic, gave the song three out of five stars, comparing it with Whitney Houston's song "I'm Your Baby Tonight" saying that after her previous three ballad singles, "it's a nice change". However, he also said, "the adultery-themed lyrics are a poor match for the sweet, unassuming Hackney girl". Chad Grischow noted that with the song Lewis "will not go down as a glorified one-hit wonder". Stephen Thomas Erlewine described "Forgive Me", and another song ("Misses Glass") from the album as "just slightly glitzier than the rest of "Spirit"." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine called the single 'bouncy and youthful'. "The New York Times" criticised Lewis for being "a second-tier Mariah" on the song.
Chart performance.
"Forgive Me" debuted and peaked at number five in the United Kingdom on 15 November 2008, becoming Lewis's third single in debut within the top ten, after "A Moment Like This" and "Bleeding Love". In Ireland, before its official release as a single, it was the second highest debut of the week of the Irish Singles Chart, at number five. In the Slovak Airplay Chart, it debuted at number seventy-six and in its tenth week the song peaked at number one. Also, in the European Singles Chart the song reached the number 11. In Italy, "Forgive Me" debuted at number nine, but fell off the chart next week. Elsewhere in Europe, the song reached number seven in Sweden, twelve in Switzerland, and fifteen in both Austria and Germany. The song entered the Australian charts at number fifty on 19 October 2008, and next week peaked at forty-nine. Later, "Forgive Me" dropped out of the chart, but on 10 November 2009, it re-entered at number fifty. In the 2008 UK year-end chart, compiling the best-selling singles of the year, "Forgive Me" was eighty-fifth.
Music video.
The music video for the song was filmed in May 2008 and directed by Wayne Isham. It premiered on 16 September 2008. It starts out with Lewis receiving a text message from her boyfriend saying he is just a minute away from meeting up with her. The video then turns into a dream-like sequence with Lewis dancing in four set-ups inspired by the Hollywood musicals "West Side Story", "The Rocky Horror Show", "Singin' in the Rain" and "Carousel". The video ends with Lewis coming back to reality after a drop of rain lands on her hand and her boyfriend sent a message saying "Hurry! Looks like there could be rain". The JabbaWockeeZ dance crew also make an appearance in the "Rocky Horror" scene in the video, dancing behind Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="19157512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157512" title="Duan language">
Duan language

Duan, or Halang Doan, is a language spoken by more than four thousand people on either side of the Laotian–Vietnamese border. There are some 2,346 speakers in Attopu Province, Laos, and another couple of thousand in Kon Tum Province, Vietnam. It is too poorly known to classify completely and may be mutually intelligible with Takua, Kayong, Halang Daksut, and Rengao.

</doc>
<doc id="19157517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157517" title="Jephtas Gelübde">
Jephtas Gelübde

Jephtas Gelübde ("The vow of Jephtha") was the first opera composed by Giacomo Meyerbeer. The libretto, which is elaborated from the biblical story of Jephtha, was by Aloys Schreiber. The first performance was at the Hoftheater in Munich on 23 December 1812. Two manuscripts of the score survive, one in the British Library, London, the other in Brussels.
Composition history.
Meyerbeer wrote "Jephtas Gelübde" while he was studying with Abt Vogler, (and while he was still known as Jakob, rather than the first name Giacomo which he was to adopt after his studies in Italy). He completed the score in Würzburg in April 1812, writing the overture last of all. During his revision of the score in June and July, Meyerbeer had already begun writing his second opera, "Wirth und Gast". The score reflects Vogler's interest in colourful orchestration.
Rehearsals began for the opera in November 1812, with which Meyerbeer was not satisfied. 'Deliberate and accidental hindrances of every sort intruded, and even on 20 December I was not certain whether the opera would be given in the 23rd. Anxiety, annoyance and vexation of every sort bothered me in these six weeks'. In the event there were three performances, and the opera was fairly successful with many numbers applauded, although the composer though that Lanius, as Jephta, 'played very mediocrely'.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19157521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157521" title="Fourth Military Medical University">
Fourth Military Medical University

Fourth Military Medical University () is a military institution of higher learning, affiliated to the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China. It was formed by the merger of former Fourth Military Medical University (First Military Medical College) and Fifth Military Medical University (Third Military Medical College ). The predecessor of Fifth Military Medical University is the "Medicine School of National Central University", which was the best medicine school in China, founded in Nanjing in 1935. It was renamed the "Medicine School of Nanjing University" in 1949, and renamed "Eastern Military Medical College" and then "Third Military Medical College" and "Fifth Military Medical University" in 1952. The "People's Medical College of Northwestern Military Region", the predecessor of former Fourth Military Medical University was founded in 1941, relocated in Xi'an in 1948, and renamed "Northwestern Military Medical College" and then "First Military Medical College" and "Fourth Military Medical University" in 1952. The two medical universities were merged to form the new Fourth Military Medical University affiliated to PLA in 1954 in Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi Province, China. 

</doc>
<doc id="19157527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157527" title="Råö">
Råö

Råö is a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality, Halland, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19157538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157538" title="Aaron Farrugia">
Aaron Farrugia

Aaron Michael Farrugia (born 1 January 1980) is a Maltese Partit Laburista (Labour Party) politician. He is an elected member of the Administrative Council and National Executive Committee.
Education.
Farrugia started his studies in 1998 at the University of Malta`s Faculty of Economics, Management & Accountancy and graduated in November 2002 with an Honours Degree in Finance (thesis title: Foreign Direct Investment in Malta – A Review of Measures of Attraction and Problems in Implementation). He then continued his studies at the University of Malta`s Institute for European Studies and subsequently graduated with a Master of Arts in EU Studies in December 2005(Thesis title:Welfare Policy Reforms in Contemporary Europe: The Ideological Shift in the European Social Democrat Parties). In November 2010, Aaron Farrugia graduated in Law (L.L.B.) and obtained a Diploma Notary Public a year later from the University of Malta`s Faculty of Laws. Farrugia is at present finishing his doctoral dissertation.
Political biography.
Farrugia joined the Labour Party`s Ta` Xbiex Local Committee at the age of sixteen. He later on served as Vice President (2001) and later on as President of the Labour Youth Forum (Zghazagh Laburisti) between 2002–2004 and 2006–2008. He was elected Deputy Mayor of Ta` Xbiex Local Council between 2005 and 2008 to hold public office for the first time. In August 2008 he was elected in the Labour Party`s Central Administration as the party`s Education Secretary. Between 2009 and 2011 while still serving in the central administration of the Labour Party, Farrugia was appointed Chairman of Fondazzjoni IDEAT, Malta's progressive think-tank. On 12 January 2012, he was appointed by the Leader of the Labour Party, Dr. Joseph Muscat. as Secretary of the Labour Party`s election manifesto committee. He served and still serves in the Labour Party`s National Executive Committee since 2002.In February 2014, Prime Minister Muscat appointed Farrugia as Chairman of the Labour Party`s political foundation IDEAT
During his student days (1998 and 2002) Farrugia was a member and Secretary General of Pulse, a social democrat student organisation and Financial Secretary of the Maltese National Youth Council between 2004 and 2005.
Following the general election in 2003 he was nominated by the National Executive Committee to a working group on the Labour Party's foreign policy vis-a-vis the European Union. This working group produced the document Il-Partit Laburista u l-Unjoni Ewropeja: Għall-Ġid tal-Maltin u l-Għawdxin ('The Labour Party and the European Union for the benefit of the Maltese') which was adopted by the Labour Party Extraordinary General Conference in November of that year.
In 2008, Farrugia was appointed to a team of economic experts by the Young European Socialists (ECOSY) during the international financial crisis. He is a political commentator, political campaign consultant and writes various political articles on a regular basis for national newspapers and political magazines.
Professional career.
Aaron Farrugia is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Malta Freeport Authority, a premier port in the Mediterranean presently ranking third amongst the leading transshipment ports in this region and is one of the leading ports in the world container traffic league. Being strategically located on the main trade routes in the Mediterranean between Gibraltar and the Suez Canal with minimal diversion distances, it is increasingly becoming an important node for international business linking markets across continents. Indeed, the Freeport’s strategic location offers several advantages including all year favorable weather conditions, easily accessible port entrance, fewer mainline port calls, reduced voyage times through minimal diversions and shorter transit times by switching east-and-west-bound services over at the Freeport.
Farrugia also serves as a policy advisor to the Maltese Delegation in the Committee of the Regions, the political assembly that provides the regional and local levels with a voice in EU policy development and EU legislation. His role is to ensure that the Maltese COR members are briefed on all opinions and Communications from the COR, the European Parliament and the Commission. He liaises with Malta's Permanent Representation and technical attaches in Brussels and coordinates with the six COR commissions, political parties and national delegation coordinators of the other Member States. He attends all the plenary meetings, National Delegation Coordinators’ meetings and the COR commissions` meetings in Brussels. He previously managed the European Union Funds at the Ministry for Health and Social Policy and worked as a statistician at Malta` National Statistics Office (NSO) between 2002 and 2006
Aaron Farrugia is a Visiting Lecturer in the Public Policy Department, Faculty of Economics, Management and Accounting at the University of Malta. He teaches Politics, Policies and Governance.
Achievements.
On 11 June 2010, Aaron Farrugia was given "Ġieħ Ta` Xbiex", the local Order of Merit, an honour conferred to those who demonstrated "exceptional merit in the service of the town of Ta` Xbiex". Ġieħ Ta Xbiex is a public tribute to those who distinguish themselves and whose achievements enrich the well-being of the city.
In June 2011, Farrugia was nominated by Germany’s Ambassador to Malta, H.E. Mr. Bernd Braun to attend a transatlantic conference in Pristina Kosovo initiated by Atlantik-Bruecke and the German Foreign Office. Since then, he has become an Atlantic Forum Young Leader Alumnus.
Aaron Farrugia is a United States of America`s International Visitor Leadership Program`s alumnus (2012). The International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) is a professional exchange program funded by the U.S. Department of State Office of International Visitors in the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. Ambassadors rate the International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) as the most effective foreign policy tool of American diplomacy. Farrugia spent four weeks in the United States during the 2012 US Presidential election which saw Barack Obama re-elected for the second time. During his time in the United States, Aaron met a number of Senators, politicians, political experts and academics in Washington DC, New York, Sacramento California and Jacksonville Florida. Among the prestigious IVLP alumni are more than 1,500 cabinet ministers and 200 current and former heads of state. Alumni include: President Nicolas Sarkozy of France, President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan, Prime Minister Gordon Brown of The United Kingdom, President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia, President Mwai Kibaki of Kenya, President Anwar Sadat of Egypt, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi of India, Prime Minister Tony Blair of The United Kingdom, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, Zimbabwean premier Morgan Tsvangirai and President F.W. deKlerk of South Africa.
Farrugia is also a member and Treasurer of the Malta-United States Alumni Association (MUSAA)
Personal life.
Aaron Farrugia is married to Charmaine Farrugia (née Micallef), whom he wed in July 2010. They currently have one daughter, Petra, born in 2012. Farrugia is a Roman Catholic.
References.
http://www.new.facebook.com/profile.php?id=511557909&ref=ts/

</doc>
<doc id="19157541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157541" title="Massacre of the Acqui Division">
Massacre of the Acqui Division

The Massacre of the Acqui Division, also known as the Cephalonia Massacre, was the mass execution of the men of the Italian 33rd "Acqui" Infantry Division by the Germans on the island of Cephalonia, Greece, in September 1943, following the Italian armistice during the Second World War. About 5000 soldiers were massacred and others drowned or were otherwise murdered. The massacre provided the historical background to the novel "Captain Corelli’s Mandolin", which later became a Hollywood film. It was one of the largest prisoner of war massacres of the war, along with the Katyn massacre of 22,000 Poles by (then) German ally Soviets, and one of the largest-scale German atrocities to be committed by Wehrmacht troops (specifically, the 1. "Gebirgs-Division").
History.
Background.
Since the fall of Greece in April–May 1941, the country had been divided in occupation zones, with the Italians getting the bulk of the mainland and most islands. The "Acqui" Division had been the Italian garrison of Cephalonia since May 1943, and consisted of 11,500 soldiers and 525 officers. It was composed of two infantry regiments (the 17th and the 317th), the 33rd artillery regiment, the 27th Blackshirt Legion, the 19th Blackshirt Battalion and support units. Furthermore, its 18th Regiment was detached to garrison duties in Corfu. "Acqui" also had naval coastal batteries, torpedo boats and two aircraft. Since 18 June 1943, it was commanded by the 52-year-old General Antonio Gandin, a decorated veteran of the Russian Front where he earned the German Iron Cross.
On the other hand the Germans decided to reinforce their presence throughout the Balkans, following Allied successes and the possibility that Italy might seek an accommodation with the Allies. On 5–6 July Lt Colonel Johannes Barge arrived with 2,000 men of the 966th Fortress Grenadier Regiment, including Fortress-Battalions 810 and 909 and a battery of self-propelled guns and nine tanks.
After Italy's armistice with the Allies in September 1943, General Gandin found himself in a dilemma: one option was surrendering to the Germans – who were already prepared for the eventuality and had begun disarming Italian garrisons elsewhere – or trying to resist. Initially, Gandin requested instructions from his superiors and began negotiations with Barge.
On 8 September 1943, the day the armistice was made public, General Carlo Vecchiarelli, commander of the 170,000-strong Italian army occupying Greece, telegrammed Gandin his order, essentially a copy of General Ambrosio's "promemoria 2" from Headquarters. Vecchiarelli's order instructed that if the Germans did not attack the Italians, the Italians should not attack the Germans. Ambrosio's order stated that the Italians should not "make common cause" with the Greek partisans or even the Allies, should they arrive in Cephalonia.
In the case of a German attack, Vecchiarelli's order was not very specific because it was based on Badoglio's directive which stated that the Italians should respond with "maximum decision" to any threat from any side. The order implied that the Italians should attack back but did not explicitly state so. At 22:30 hours of the same day Gandin received an order directly from General Ambrosio to send most of his naval and merchant vessels to Brindisi immediately, as demanded by the terms of the armistice. Gandin complied, thus losing a possible means of escape.
To make matters even more complicated Badoglio had agreed, after the overthrow of Mussolini, to the unification of the two armies under German command, in order to appease the Germans. Therefore, technically, both Vecchiarelli and Gandin were under German command, even though Italy had implemented an armistice agreement with the Allies. That gave the Germans the justification to treat any Italians disobeying their orders as mutineers or "franc-tireurs".
At 9:00 hours on 9 September, Barge met with Gandin and misled him by stating that he had received no orders from the German command. The two men liked each other and they had things in common as Gandin was pro-German and liked Goethe. Indeed, Gandin's pro-German attitude was the reason he had been sent by General Ambrosio to command the "Acqui" Division: fearing he might side with the Germans against the evolving plot to depose Mussolini, Ambrosio wanted Gandin out of Italy. Both men ended their meeting on good terms, agreeing to wait for orders and also that the situation should be resolved peacefully.
On 11 September, the Italian High Command sent two explicit instructions to Gandin, to the effect that "German troops have to be viewed as hostile" and that "disarmament attempts by German forces must be resisted with weapons". That same day Barge handed Gandin an ultimatum, demanding a decision given the following three options:
Gandin brought Barge's ultimatum to his senior officers and the seven chaplains of the Acqui for discussion. Six of the chaplains and all of his senior officers advised him to comply with the German demands while one of the chaplains suggested immediate surrender. However Gandin could not agree to join the Germans because that would be against the King's orders as relayed by Badoglio. He also did not want to fight them because, as he said, "they had fought with us and for us, side by side". On the other hand surrendering the weapons would violate the spirit of the armistice. Despite the orders from the Italian GHQ, Gandin chose to continue negotiating with Barge.
Gandin finally agreed to withdraw his soldiers from their strategic location on Mount Kardakata, the island's "nerve centre", in return for a German promise not to bring reinforcements from the Greek mainland and on 12 September, he informed Barge that he was prepared to surrender the "Acqui"'s weapons, as Lt Colonel Barge reported to his superiors in the XXII Mountain Corps.
However, Gandin was under pressure not to come to an agreement with the Germans from his junior officers who were threatening mutiny. The "Acqui"'s detached regiment on Corfu, not commanded by Gandin, also informed him at around midnight 12–13 September, by radio communication, that they had rejected an agreement with the Germans. Gandin also heard from credible sources that soldiers who had surrendered were being deported and not repatriated.
On 13 September, a German convoy of five ships approached the island's capital, Argostoli. Italian artillery officers, on their own initiative, ordered the remaining batteries to open fire, sinking two German landing craft and killing five Germans.
Under these circumstances, that same night, Gandin presented his troops with a poll, essentially containing the three options presented to him by Barge:
The response from the Italian troops was in favour of the third option by a large majority but there is no available information as to the exact size of the majority, and therefore on 14 September Gandin reneged on the agreement, refusing to surrender anything but the division's heavy artillery and telling the Germans to leave the island, demanding a reply by 9:00 the next day. He also discarded his Iron Cross ribbon, one of his most prized possessions.
Battle with the Germans.
As the negotiations stalled, the Germans prepared to resolve the issue by force, and presented the Italians with an ultimatum which expired at 14:00 hours on 15 September. On the morning of 15 September, the German Luftwaffe began bombarding the Italian positions with Stuka dive-bombers. On the ground, the Italians initially enjoyed superiority, and took about 400 Germans prisoner. On 17 September however, the Germans landed the "Battle Group Hirschfeld", composed of the III./98 and the 54th "Gebirgsjäger" Battalions of the German Army's elite 1st "Gebirgs" (Mountain) Division, together with I./724 Battalion of the 104th Jäger Division, under the command of Major Harald von Hirschfeld. The 98th "Gebirgsjäger" Regiment, in particular, had been involved in several atrocities against civilians in Epirus in the months preceding the Acqui massacre.
At the same time the Germans started dropping propaganda leaflets calling upon the Italians to surrender. The leaflets stated: "Camerati Italiani, ufficiali e soldati, why fight against the Germans? You have been betrayed by your leaders!... LAY DOWN YOUR ARMS!! THE ROAD HOME TO YOUR "PATRIA" WILL BE OPENED UP FOR YOU BY YOUR GERMAN "CAMERATI"".
Gandin repeatedly requested help from the Ministry of War in Brindisi but did not get a reply. He even went so far as sending a Red Cross emissary to the Ministry but the mission broke down off the coast of Puglia and when it arrived three days later at the Italian High Command in Brindisi, it was already too late. In addition 300 planes loyal to Badoglio were located at Lecce, near the southernmost point of Italy and well within range of Cephalonia, and were ready to intervene. But the Allies would not let them go because they feared they could have defected to the German side. Furthermore two Italian torpedo boats, already on their way to Cephalonia, were ordered back to port by the Allies for the same reasons.
Despite help for the Italians from the local population, including the island's small ELAS partisan detachments, the Germans enjoyed complete air superiority and their troops had extensive combat experience, in contrast with the conscripts of Acqui, who were no match for the Germans. In addition, Gandin had withdrawn the Acqui from the elevated position on Mount Kardakata and that gave the Germans an additional strategic advantage. After several days of combat, at 11:00 hours on 22 September, following Gandin's orders, the last Italians surrendered, having run out of ammunition and lost 1,315 dead. According to German sources the losses were 300 Germans and 1,200 Italians.
Massacre.
The massacre started on 21 September, and lasted for one week. After the Italian surrender, Hitler had issued an order allowing the Germans to summarily execute any Italian officer who resisted "for treason", and on 18 September, the German High Command issued an order stating that "because of the perfidious and treacherous behaviour the Italians on Cephalonia, no prisoners are to be taken." The "Gebirgsjäger" soldiers began executing their Italian prisoners in groups of four to ten. The Germans first killed the surrendering Italians, where they stood, using machine-guns. When a group of Bavarian soldiers objected to this practice they were threatened with summary execution themselves. After this stage was over, the Germans marched the remaining soldiers to the San Teodoro town hall and had the prisoners executed by eight member detachments.
General Gandin and 137 of his senior officers were summarily court-martialled on 24 September and executed, their bodies discarded at sea. Before the execution a sergeant informed each officer that he was being executed for treason, which, given Badoglio's decision to permit unification of the German and Italian armies in Greece under German command, was technically true. General Gandin was shot first but just before his execution he threw his Iron Cross into the dirt.
Romualdo Formato, one of "Acqui"'s seven chaplains and one of the few survivors, wrote that during the massacre, the Italian officers started to cry, pray and sing. Many were shouting the names of their mothers, wives and children. According to Formato's account, three officers hugged and stated that they were comrades while alive and now in death they would go together to paradise, while others were digging through the grass as if trying to escape. In one place, Formato recalled, "the Germans went around loudly offering medical help to those wounded. When about 20 men crawled forward, a machine-gun salvo finished them off." Officers gave Formato their personal belongings to take with him and give to their families back in Italy. The Germans, however, confiscated the items and Formato could no longer account for the exact number of the officers killed.
The executions of the Italian officers were continuing when a German officer came and reprieved Italians who could prove they were from Trieste and Trento since these two regions had been annexed by Hitler as German provinces after 8 September. Seeing an opportunity father Formato, crying, begged the officer to stop the killings and save the few officers remaining. The German officer responded and told Formato that he would consult with his commanding officer. During the German officer's absence Formato started praying and reciting Ave Maria. When the officer returned, after half an hour, he informed Formato that the killings of the officers would stop. The number of Italian surviving officers, including Formato, totalled 37. After the reprieve the Germans congratulated the remaining Italians and offered them cigarettes. The situation remained unstable, however, because, following the reprieve, the Germans forced twenty Italian sailors to load the bodies of the dead officers on rafts and take them out to sea. The Germans then blew up the rafts with the Italian sailors on them.
Alfred Richter, an Austrian, and one of the participants in the massacre recounted how a soldier who sang arias for the Germans in the local taverns was forced to sing while his comrades were being executed. The singing soldier's fate remains unknown. Richter added that he and his regiment comrades felt "a delirium of omnipotence" during the events. Most of the soldiers of the German regiment were Austrians. According to Richter the Italian soldiers were killed after surrendering to the soldiers of the 98th Regiment. He described that the fallen Italians were then thrown into heaps of bodies, all shot in the head. Soldiers of the 98th Regiment started removing the boots from the bodies of the fallen Italians for their own use. Richter also mentioned that groups of Italians were taken into quarries and walled gardens near the village of Frangata and executed by machine gun fire. The killing lasted for two hours, during which time the sound of the machine guns and machine pistols and the screams of the victims could be heard inside the homes of the village.
The bodies of the ca. 5,000 men who were executed were disposed of in a variety of ways. Bodies were cremated in massive wood pyres, which made the air of the island thick with the smell of burning flesh, or moved to ships where they were buried at sea. Others, according to Amos Pampaloni, one of the survivors, were executed in full sight of the Greek population in Argostoli harbour on 23 September 1943 and their bodies were left to rot where they fell, while in smaller streets corpses were decomposing and the stench was insufferable to the point that he could not remain there long enough to take a picture of the carnage. Bodies were also thrown into the sea, with rocks tied around them. In addition, the Germans had refused to allow the Acqui soldiers to bury their dead. A chaplain undertook to find bodies, discovering bones scattered all over.
The few soldiers who were saved were assisted by the locals and the ELAS organisation. One of the survivors was taken heavily wounded to a Cephalonian lady's home by a taxi driver and survived the war to live in Lake Como. An additional three thousand of the survivors in German custody drowned, when the ships Sinfra and "Ardena", transporting them to POW camps, sank after striking a mine in the Adriatic. These losses and similar ones from the Italian Dodecanese garrisons were also the result of German policy, as Hitler had instructed the local German commanders to forgo "all safety precautions" during the transport of prisoners, "regardless of losses".
Aftermath.
The events in Cephalonia were repeated, to a lesser extent, elsewhere. In Corfu, the 8,000-strong Italian garrison comprised elements of three divisions, including the "Acqui's" 18th Regiment. On 24 September, the Germans landed a force on the island (characteristically codenamed "Operation Treason"), and by the next day they were able to induce the Italians to capitulation. All 280 Italian officers on the island were executed during the next two days on the orders of General Lanz, in accordance with Hitler's directives. The bodies were loaded onto a ship and disposed of in the sea. Similar executions of officers also occurred in the aftermath of the Battle of Kos, when the Italian commander and 90 of his officers were shot.
In October 1943, after Mussolini had been freed and established his new Fascist Republic in Northern Italy, the Germans gave the remaining Italian prisoners three choices:
Most Italians opted for the second choice.
In January 1944, a chaplain’s account reached Benito Mussolini after Aurelio Garobbio, a Swiss Fascist from the Italian-speaking Canton of Ticino informed him about the events. Mussolini became incensed that the Germans would do such a thing, although he considered the "Acqui" division's officers, more so than its soldiers, as traitors. Nevertheless in one of his exchanges with Garobbio, after Garobbio complained that the Germans showed no mercy, he said: "But our men defended themselves, you know. They hit several German landing craft sinking them. They fought how Italians know how to fight".
Prosecution.
Major Harald von Hirschfeld was never tried for his role in the massacre: in December 1944, he became the Wehrmacht's youngest general officer, and was killed while fighting at the Dukla Pass in Poland in 1945. Only Hirschfeld’s superior commander, General Hubert Lanz, was sentenced to 12 years imprisonment at the so-called "Southeast Case" of the Nuremberg Trials for the Cephalonia massacre, as well as the participation of his men in other atrocities in Greece like the massacre of Kommeno on 16 August 1943. He was released in 1951 and died in 1982. Lt Colonel Barge was not on the island when the massacre was taking place. He was subsequently decorated with the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his service in Crete. He died in 2000.
The reason for Lanz’s light sentence was that the court at Nuremberg was deceived by false evidence and did not believe that the massacre took place, despite a book about the massacre by "padre" Formato published in 1946, a year before the trial. Because there was doubt as to who issued what order, Lanz was only charged with the deaths of Gandin and the officers. Lanz also lied to the court by stating that he refused to obey Hitler’s orders to shoot the prisoners because he was revolted by them. He claimed that the report to Army Group E, claiming that 5,000 soldiers were shot, was a ruse employed to deceive the army command in order to hide the fact that he had disobeyed the Führer’s orders. He added that fewer than a dozen officers were shot and the rest of the Acqui Division was transported to Piraeus through Patras.
In his testimony, Lanz was assisted by affidavits from other highly respectable Germans who led exemplary post-war lives, such as General von Butlar from Hitler's personal staff who was involved in the Ardeatine massacre. These Germans were with Lanz in September 1943 and swore that the massacre had never taken place. In addition, for reasons unknown, the Italian side never presented any evidence for the massacre at the Nuremberg trials. It is speculated that the Italians, reeling from armistice terms highly unfavourable for their country, refused to cooperate with the trial process. Given the circumstances the court accepted Lanz's position that he prevented the massacre and that the event never happened. Consequently Lanz received a lighter sentence than General Rendulic.
Lanz’s defence emphasised the fact that the prosecution had not presented any Italian evidence for the massacre and claimed that there was also no evidence that the Italian headquarters in Brindisi had ever instructed Gandin and his Division to fight. Therefore, according to the logic of the defence, Gandin and his men were either mutineers or "franc-tireurs" and did not qualify for POW status under the Geneva conventions.
The Germans also justified their behaviour by claiming that the Italians were negotiating the surrender of the island to the British. The German claim was not entirely unfounded: in the Greek mainland, an entire division went over to the Greek guerrillas, and in the Dodecanese, the Italians had joined forces with the British, resulting in a two-month German campaign to evict them.
An attempt to revisit the case by the Dortmund state prosecutor Johannes Obluda in 1964 came to naught, as the political climate in Germany at the time was in favour of "putting the war behind".
In 2002 Dortmund prosecutor Ultrich Maaos reopened a case against the people responsible for the massacre. In his office, along with a map of the world, Maaos displayed a map of Cephalonia with the dates and locations of the executions as well as the names of the victims. No indictments or arrests have occurred from Maaos' investigation at present.
Ten ex-members of the 1st Gebirgs Division have been investigated and may be charged, out of 300 still alive. Currently, the youngest member of the Gebirgs regiment is in his 80s.
Commemoration.
In the 1950s, the remains of about 3,000 soldiers, including 189 officers, were exhumed and transported back to Italy for burial in the Italian War Cemetery in Bari. The remains of General Gandin were never identified.
The subject of the massacre was largely ignored in Italy by the press and the educational system until 1980, when the Italian President Sandro Pertini, a former partisan, unveiled the memorial in Cephalonia. Despite the recognition of the event by Pertini, it was not until March 2001 that another Italian President, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, visited the memorial again, and even then he was most likely influenced by the publicity generated by the impending release of the Hollywood film "Captain Corelli's Mandolin". During the ceremony Ciampi, referring to the men of the Acqui Division, declared that their "conscious decision was the first act of resistance by an Italy freed from fascism" and that "they preferred to fight and die for their fatherland". The massacre of the "Acqui" Division is emerging as a subject of ongoing research, and is regarded as a leading example of the Italian Resistance during World War II.
In 2002 the Italian post issued the commemorative stamp "Eccidio della Divisione Aqui"
The Presidents of Greece and Italy periodically commemorate the event during ceremonies taking place in Cephalonia at the monument of the "Acqui" Division. An academic conference about the massacre was held on 2–3 March 2007 in Parma, Italy.
Cefalonia's Greco-Italian society also maintains an exhibition called "The Mediterraneo Exhibition", next to the Catholic church in Argostoli, where pictures, newspaper articles and documents showcasing the story of the massacre are displayed.

</doc>
<doc id="19157550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157550" title="Johan Scheffer">
Johan Scheffer

Johan Emiel Scheffer (born 7 February 1948, in Jakarta) is an Australian politician, and a sitting member of the Victorian Legislative Council for the Australian Labor Party.
He was originally elected to the Legislative Council in 2002 for Monash Province, becoming only the second Labor member to represent that electorate since its creation in 1937. When Monash Province was abolished in 2006, he was successful in winning one of the five seats in the newly created Eastern Victoria Region of the Legislative Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="19157572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157572" title="2009 Major League Baseball season">
2009 Major League Baseball season

The 2009 Major League Baseball season began on Sunday, April 5, 2009 with the Atlanta Braves defeating the 2008 World Series champion Philadelphia Phillies 4–1. The regular season ended on October 6, extended two days for a one-game playoff between the Detroit Tigers and the Minnesota Twins to decide the American League Central Division champion. The postseason began the next day with the Division Series. The 2009 World Series began on October 28, and ended on November 4, with the New York Yankees defeating the Philadelphia Phillies in six games; and for the ninth year in a row, the defending World Series champion (the Phillies) failed to repeat the previous year's run. This was the second time the season was completed in November. The only other occasion was the 2001 World Series, that because of the delaying of the end of that season because of the September 11 attacks as November baseball would be guaranteed when Game 4 was played on Sunday, November 1. The American League champion had home field advantage for the World Series by virtue of winning the All-Star Game on July 14 at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri, 4–3. In addition, the annual Civil Rights Game became a regular season game, and was played June 20 at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio when the host Cincinnati Reds lost to the Chicago White Sox in an interleague game, 10–8. Both teams wore replicas of their 1965 uniforms in the contest.
Standings.
American League.
The New York Yankees, with 103 wins, clinched Major League Baseball's best record in the 2009 season, and the #1 seed in the American League by winning the AL East. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim won the second seed with a 97–65 record, while a 95–67 mark was enough to win the wild card spot for the Boston Red Sox. In the AL Central, the Minnesota Twins defeated the Detroit Tigers in a one-game playoff for the division championship and the #3 seed.
National League.
The Los Angeles Dodgers had the National League's best record (95–67), clinching the top seed in the Senior Circuit. The NL East champion Philadelphia Phillies, who were defending their 2008 title, was the #2 seed with a 93–69 record. The St. Louis Cardinals, from the NL Central, notched a 91–71 record, and the wild card went to the Colorado Rockies from the NL West.
Postseason.
Bracket.
Note: Major League Baseball's playoff format automatically seeds the Wild Card team 4th. Normally, the No. 1 seed plays the No. 4 seed in the Division Series. However, MLB does not allow the No. 1 seed to play the 4th seed/Wild Card winner in the Division Series if they are from the same division, instead having the No. 1 seed play the next lowest seed, the No. 3 seed.
Managing changes.
General managers.
The Seattle Mariners named Milwaukee Brewers scouting director Jack Zduriencik its new general manager on October 22, replacing interim GM Lee Pelekoudas.
Washington Nationals GM Jim Bowden resigned on March 1 amid allegations that he was skimming bonus money from Latin American players. Team president Stan Kasten first took over the bulk of his duties before transferring them to assistant GM Mike Rizzo, who had served as acting GM, and was named as the full-time general manager on August 20.
During the last days of the regular season, two teams fired their general managers, effective at the end of the season. On October 3, the Toronto Blue Jays fired J. P. Ricciardi after eight seasons. The following day, the San Diego Padres axed Kevin Towers, who had been the longest-tenured GM in Major League Baseball at 14 seasons.
Field managers.
Off-season changes.
Two teams announced new managers in the offseason:
Cito Gaston and Jerry Manuel both entered their first full season as managers of the Toronto Blue Jays and New York Mets, respectively, after taking over for managers dismissed in the middle of the 2008 season. Gaston had previously been the Blue Jays' manager from 1989 until 1997.
Rule changes.
On January 15, the owners of the 30 Major League Baseball clubs approved two rule changes governing the playing of postseason and one-game playoff games.
New stadiums.
The 2009 season marked the opening of two new stadiums, both in New York City; Citi Field for the Mets and the new Yankee Stadium for the Yankees. They respectively replaced Shea Stadium (which was dismantled during the 2008–09 offseason) and the original Yankee Stadium (which will become a public park after it is demolished). Because of the smaller seating capacities in these new parks, Dodger Stadium is now the largest capacity park in use with 56,000 seats, and is also the third oldest ballpark in Major League Baseball behind Fenway Park and Wrigley Field. Citi Field opened with a night game on April 13 as the Mets hosted the San Diego Padres losing 6–5. In that game, Jody Gerut of the Padres became the first player in major league history to open a new ballpark with a leadoff homer. Three days later, the Cleveland Indians inaugurated New Yankee Stadium against the Bronx Bombers. The Indians won 10–2. On Jackie Robinson Day (April 15), a rotunda at Citi Field was named in honor of Jackie Robinson and was dedicated prior to the Mets–Padres game that day.
The 2009 season also marked the final season of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome as the home for the Minnesota Twins, where they had played since 1982. In 2010, the team moved to Target Field, their new baseball-only stadium located a short distance across town. Previously, since moving from in 1961, the franchise has shared, first Metropolitan Stadium, and then the Metrodome with the NFL's Minnesota Vikings; they also shared tenant rights at the Metrodome with the University of Minnesota's football team. The Golden Gophers started to play on-campus at TCF Bank Stadium in 2009. The Metrodome's last scheduled regular season game was to be played on Sunday, October 4, 2009, but the Twins tied the Detroit Tigers necessitating a one-game playoff between the two teams on October 6.
While not a new stadium, Kansas City's Kauffman Stadium completed a two-year renovation. The first year saw a new video board dubbed "Crown Vision" and refitting of several sections. Improvements for 2009 include a new glass and brick facade to the exterior of the ballpark, newly expanded team Hall of Fame, a new sports bar/restaurant, improved sightlines, new luxury suites and refurbished press and radio/TV facilities to name a few.
In late March, the Florida Marlins had their funding for a new stadium at the former site of the Miami Orange Bowl approved by Miami-Dade County commissioners. Groundbreaking ceremonies were held on July 18, with an opening by 2012, at which time the team will be renamed the Miami Marlins.
Broadcasting.
Television.
This would have marked the first full season in the USA for baseball games to be telecast as the transition from analog to digital television that was to have been made on February 17. However, the transition took place June 12.
A new entrant in the baseball television rights marketplace debuted on January 1 when the MLB Network, owned by Major League Baseball, joined Fox, ESPN and TBS not only televising games, but also other baseball-related programming from their studio in Secaucus, New Jersey, formerly the studios of MSNBC. MLB was the last of the four major team sports to start its own television channel. The national telecast breakdown, along with the maximum number of appearances per team, is:
In Canada, Toronto Blue Jays games will be televised on Rogers Sportsnet and TSN. RSN also holds the Canadian rights to air the Fox and ESPN/ESPN2 games if they do not conflict with Blue Jays games, as well as the All-Star Game and the entire postseason.
In Australia free to air channel One HD shows up to 5 games live per week, and European channel ESPN America broadcasts games as well.
Radio.
ESPN Radio will once again serve as MLB's national radio network, broadcasting "Sunday Night Baseball" as well as selected Saturday and holiday games during the regular season, the Home Run Derby and All-Star Game, and all postseason series.
Uniforms, patches, and caps.
Patches.
As stated earlier, the Mets and Yankees wore patches commemorating the inaugural seasons of their new parks, the Twins wore patches commemorating their final season at the Metrodome, and the Cardinals, hosting the All-Star Game, wore a patch to celebrate that event.
Other teams' memorials and accomplishments on their sleeves:
Uniforms.
Turn Back The Clock.
The Pittsburgh Pirates, Detroit Tigers, Oakland Athletics and Chicago White Sox led the Majors in wearing throwback uniforms. On May 2 at Safeco Field, the Athletics and Seattle Mariners honored 1939 by wearing special uniforms. The Mariners honored the Seattle Rainiers and the Oakland Athletics honored the Oakland Oaks from that season. Both teams played in the Pacific Coast League that season. The A's then wore a 1980's styled uniform in St. Petersburg on July 11 against the Tampa Bay Rays, who wore uniforms from their inaugural season of 1998 when they were known as the "Devil Rays". Finally, On August 16, the Athletics and White Sox used vintage throwbacks. The A's wore uniforms from their Philadelphia period, with blue caps and a large A on the front of their jerseys. The White Sox wore their jerseys with a large S with a lowercase O in the top loop and a lowercase X in the bottom loop.
On June 14, the Tigers and Pirates wore throwback uniforms to commemorate the 100th anniversary of both Forbes Field and the 1909 World Series between the two teams. That game also featured a throwback atmosphere: no music or flashy graphics, no mascots (meaning no Jolly Roger or Pirate Parrot), and a hand-operated scoreboard. One modern item occurred in the pre-game: The Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins made a surprise visit and brought the trophy with them. The Pirates and the Kansas City Royals also honored the Negro Leagues on June 26 and 27 with the Pirates wearing the Homestead Grays uniforms and the Royals donning Kansas City Monarchs replicas. The Pirates and the Cincinnati Reds recreated their 1979 National League Championship Series uniforms on August 21 as part of the Buccos' 30th anniversary celebration of their World Series championship. The Bucs wore their gold pillbox hat with a gold jersey and black pants, a faux pas from the uniforms that season as a black cap was worn that year with the gold jersey.
In addition to the afforementioned Civil Rights Game and game in Oakland, the White Sox, originators of the genre of replica throwback uniforms, commemorated the fiftieth anniversary of their 1959 American League Championship on June 25 against the team that they played in that World Series, the Los Angeles Dodgers, who opted to wear their regular uniforms instead, as manager Joe Torre did not want to create hype of a World Series that was 50 years ago.
The Tigers and the Cleveland Indians played in Negro League replicas twice, with the Tigers in Detroit Stars uniforms, and the Indians outfitted in Cleveland Buckeyes replicas. In a "home-and-home" style series, the Tigers hosting the Tribe July 11 at Comerica Park, with the Tigers in 1920 Stars uniforms and the Indians in the 1948 Buckeyes road grays, while the Indians played host August 1 at Progressive Field seeing Cleveland wearing Buckeyes home whites and the Tigers in the gray Stars uniform.

</doc>
<doc id="19157588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157588" title="Shin Hong-Gi">
Shin Hong-Gi

Shin Hong-Gi (born May 4, 1968; ) is a South Korean former football player who was play at defender for mainly Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i and Suwon Samsung Bluewings in South Korea.
His main position was left full back.

</doc>
<doc id="19157590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157590" title="NMHC Nijmegen">
NMHC Nijmegen

NMHC Nijmegen (full name Nijmeegse Mixed Hockey Club "Nijmegen" ) is a Dutch field hockey club, which was founded on September 15, 1906 in Nijmegen. It has a total number of 1.650 members. 
The first women's team competes on the highest level of the Dutch field hockey league, which is called "Hoofdklasse". The men's team competes in the "eerste klasse", the third level.

</doc>
<doc id="19157591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157591" title="Lac de Gers">
Lac de Gers

Lac de Gers is a lake above Samoëns in Haute-Savoie, France. The lake's water level varies seasonally up by 2 m. Its maximum surface area is 6.5 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="19157629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157629" title="Carno wind farm">
Carno wind farm

Carno is a wind farm of 68 turbines which started operation in October 1996. It covers an area of over 600 hectares on Trannon Moor, a plateau to the west of the village of Carno in Powys, Mid Wales, above sea level.
Carno currently has the largest production capacity in Wales. 
Originally consisting of 56 wind turbines each of 600 kilowatts (kW) maximum output, the combined maximum power of 33.6 megawatts (MW) made Carno the largest Wind Farm in Europe at the time of its construction. The total project cost was approximately £26 million.
Information:
Public footpaths cross the site and are waymarked on Ordnance Survey maps.
In 2008, an extension designated "Carno 2" was completed, bringing the total number of turbines to 68, comprising 12 new Siemens 1.3MW wind turbines with a hub height of , blade length of and rotor diameter of giving a tip height of .

</doc>
<doc id="19157709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157709" title="Jean Baptiste Baudreau II">
Jean Baptiste Baudreau II

Jean Baptiste Baudreau Dit Graveline II (1715–1757) was a colonist in French Louisiana, and is one of the few persons to ever be executed in the Americas by the breaking wheel.
Early life.
Jean Baptiste Baudreau Dit Graveline II was born in the 1710s (presumably 1715) on the French Louisiana settlement of Massacre Island (modern day Dauphin Island, Alabama). He was the son of Sieur Jean Baptiste Baudreau Dit Graveline, the captain of the Pascagoula militia (and the first settler of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and one of the original settlers of the old Mobile), and an Indian woman named Suzanne. Having originally been born as an illegitimate child, his father married the Indian woman in 1727 in an attempt to legitimize him. In 1734, Baudreau married Marie Catherine Viconneau, a protestant, with whom he would have all of his legitimate children.
There is reason to believe that the Baudreau Dit Graveline family was protestant. His grandfather, Urbain Baudereau dit Graveline used the pseudonym Graveline in all records, a common trait of protestants wanting to establish themselves in the RC new world. Urbain and his sons were heavily involved in commerce, another trait of protestants. Lastly, Jean-Baptiste II married Marie-Catherine Vinconneau, a protestant. This raises an important question, namely could his faith have been one of, if not the, cause of his execution?
Illegitimate Children.
In the 1740s, he began having an affair with a girl named Marie Henriette Huet, whose family owned a plantation in the area around modern day Portersville Bay. He had two illegitimate children with her, the majority of whom would use the surname of Baptiste (in modern day Mobile, this has evolved into Battiste). One of these children is regarded by modern historians to be the founder of Coq'd'Inde (Coden, Alabama
Conflicts with the French Authorities and Execution in New Orleans.
During the course of his life, he had problems with French authorities and was subject to imprisonment several times. Despite his warm relations with Bienville, he was regarded with suspicion by some French authorities, because of his unique relationship with the local Native American population, due in no large part because of his half Indian heritage. At the same time however, he was a vital part of the French colonial operation, as he was often the one who was sent on trading excursions into Creek territory. In the 1740s, he had been imprisoned by French authorities on kidnapping charges related to an excursion he took to Havana, Cuba. He broke out of prison and took refuge in Native American villages north of Mobile. The native Americans refused to engage in any further trade with the French until he was pardoned. Governor Vandrieul petitioned for King Louis XV to drop the charges, which he did.
In the 1750s, Baudreau was imprisoned at the French prison on modern day Cat Island, Mississippi for charges of illegal salvaging wrecked ships. In 1757, soldiers stationed at the prison, staged a mutiny and killed the commanding officer. They took Graveline hostage and forced him to be their guide as they went into the hinterlands away from the colony. They provided him with a signed certificate saying he had not been a party to the mutiny. Goveror Kerlerec had him court martialed and he was sentenced to death. He was executed by breaking wheel in front of the St. Louis Cathedral in New Orleans, Louisiana on June 7, 1757. The French authorities subsequently mutilated what were left of his remains and deposited them in the Mississippi River. A movement is currently ongoing by some of his descendants to get the City of New Orleans to erect a marker in Jackson Square commemorating his life and brutal execution at that site.
Relations with his father.
In 1747, while he was on the run from French authorities following his prison escape, the mother of his illegitimate children, Marie Henriette Huet, filed a claim with the French authorities for support of her children. The senior Graveline, the grandfather of the children, agreed to help provide for their support.
In 1763, when his father died, he disowned his son in his will, stating that he had married his mother only to legitimize him, and then proceeded to list a number of reasons justifying the disinheritance.
Impact on Gulf Coast culture and life.
Graveline Bay, which borders southern Mississippi and southern Alabama, is named for his father.
Urbain Baudreau Dit Graveline Park in Montreal, Quebec was named for his grandfather, who was an important figure in the history of Quebec.
Baudreau was the 6th great-grandfather of singer/songwriter Jimmy Buffett, the 6th great-grandfather of actress Diane Ladd, 7th great-grandfather of actress Laura Dern, and the 5th great-grandfather of Mobile, Alabama cook, socialite and television personality Connie Bea Hope.
His 3rd great-grandson, Charles Clements, was one of the Confederate soldiers executed by Union authorities at Ship Island, Mississippi.
Baudreau's affair with Marie Henriette Huet served as the basis for the book "The Passion of the Princes" by author Eloise Genest.
A movement is currently underway to get the city of New Orleans to erect a historical marker in Jackson Square commemorating his life and grizzly death. Advocates of the march held a rally in New Orleans in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19157786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157786" title="Colorado Lightning">
Colorado Lightning

The Colorado Lightning was an American Arena indoor soccer team, founded in 2008.
The team was a charter member of the Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL-Pro), the first division of arena (indoor) soccer in North America.
They played their home matches at the Budweiser Events Center in Loveland, Colorado. After a 4-12 season, the team disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19157809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157809" title="Opaka, Poland">
Opaka, Poland

Opaka (, "Opaka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Lubaczów and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 509.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19157906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157906" title="Frank Welsh">
Frank Welsh

Frank Welsh is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19157942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157942" title="North Dakota State Board of Pharmacy v. Snyder's Drug Stores, Inc.">
North Dakota State Board of Pharmacy v. Snyder's Drug Stores, Inc.

In North Dakota State Board of Pharmacy v. Snyder's Drug Stores, Inc., 414 U.S. 156 (1973), the North Dakota Supreme Court, relying on the 1928 decision in "Liggett Co. v. Baldridge",(278 U.S. 105), held unconstitutional a state statute, under which Snyder's had been denied a pharmacy operating permit because it wasn't majority owned by pharmacists. 
The questions which were raised by the case were: (1) Does the U.S. Supreme Court have jurisdiction to decide the case, e.g. is it final; (2) was the statute in question constitutional. The Supreme Court answered both questions in the affirmative.
With respect to point (1), the State Board of Pharmacy, being a state agency, is bound by the decisions of the State Supreme Court. Absent an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, it has to abide by what its State's Supreme Court says regarding the constitutionality of a state law. While the State Supreme Court had remanded the case back to the Pharmacy Board for further proceedings, this did not mean the case was nonappealable. State law allows any party aggrieved by the decision to appeal it in court. Problem is, the board itself is not a party to the decision, but is the tribunal making the decision. Thus, under the law of its state, the Board's only options to be able to raise the constitutional question are either to defy its own state's Supreme Court and refuse to grant the license, thus causing Respondent Snyder's to go back into court again, or for the Board to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. Thus, since the Board really had nowhere to go to get relief, the U.S. Supreme Court "does" have standing to hear the case.
With respect to point (2), the case in Liggett regarded a state law that required 100% ownership by pharmacists. The law in this case required a licensee wanting to operate a pharmacy be either a pharmacist or a corporation where the majority of the stockholders were pharmacists. The owner of Snyder's Drug Stores was Red Owl, a supermarket chain, and it was not shown if the majority of the stockholders of Red Owl were pharmacists. It was a decision regarding substantive due process. However, the court's reasoning on substantive due process was not completely clear and not all of the justices agreed on how to decide the cases. As the point in requiring a pharmacy to be majority owned by pharmacists was to provide a higher degree of care and concern over the operation of a pharmacy, the court found the statute to be a constitutional use of legislative power which "bears a real and substantial relation to the public health, safety, morals, or some other phase of the general welfare,"

</doc>
<doc id="19157944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157944" title="Baabar">
Baabar

Baabar (shortened name) (, birth name Bat-Erdeniin Batbayar, ; born in Tsetserleg, Arkhangai in 1954) is a Mongolian retired politician, political analyst and writer.
Career.
Baabar worked at the Microbiological Research and Production Center as a Researcher in 1981-1991 until he became the Leader of the Mongolian Social Democratic Party. He resigned as the Leader of the Mongolian Social Democratic Party in 1994. 
Baabar was elected to the State Great Hural of Mongolia in 1996. In 1998, he was Minister for Finance.
After being defeated at the 2004 parliamentary election, he worked as Foreign Policy Advisor to Prime Minister in 2004-2005. 
Since 2006, he has been running Nepko Publishing Company.
In 2009, he was awarded with the State Awards of Mongolia for "History of Mongolia".

</doc>
<doc id="19157991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19157991" title="Cho Jin-Ho (footballer)">
Cho Jin-Ho (footballer)

Cho Jin-Ho (born August 2, 1973) is a South Korean former football player who played at midfielder or shadow striker position in the South Korea national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19158024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158024" title="United States National Criterium Championships">
United States National Criterium Championships

The United States National Criterium Championships are held annually and run by the national governing body, USA Cycling.
The event has formerly been held at venues including Denver, Colorado, Downers Grove, Illinois, and Glencoe, Illinois. The 2012 edition of the race will be hosted by the city of Grand Rapids, Michigan. Formerly, the event allowed an international field, so the first rider from the United States who crossed the finish line was crowned the "United States National Criterium Champion" gaining the right to wear the national champion's jersey in subsequent criteriums for the following year. As domestic participation has grown in more recent years, the event has been limited to United States citizens so that the winner of the race will also be crowned the national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19158028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158028" title="1993 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1993 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Carlos Costa defeated Alberto Berasategui 3–6, 6–1, 6–4 to win the 1993 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Juan Gisbert Jr. was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="19158030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158030" title="Bart Carlier">
Bart Carlier

Bart Carlier (born 23 June 1929) is a former Dutch football player who scored 2 goals in 5 games for the Dutch national side.

</doc>
<doc id="19158065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158065" title="Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)">
Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)

"Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)" (; stylized as ～longing future～) is a Japanese-language song by Tibetan singer Alan, from her debut studio album "Voice of Earth" (2009). The song was produced by Sakamoto Ryuichi, composed by Kikuchi Kazuhito, and its instrumental features Alan playing the erhu. "Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)" was released as a single on July 2, 2008, peaking at number nineteen on the "Oricon" charts. The song is the first in Alan's five consecutive monthly singles representing five traditional elements, in which "Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)" represents earth in the Japanese Godai and the Tibetan Bön. 
"Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)" was used as the theme song for the NHK eco project, "Save the Future", which was aired for three days around World Environment Day. The special was aired on all NHK channels and on the web to raise awareness of environmental issues, prior to the 34th G8 Summit hosted by Japan. It was also used as the theme song for "Boku no Shima/Kanojo no Sango" (), a TV movie featured in the special.
A choir version of "Natsukashii Mirai (Longing Future)" was sung by the Suginami Children's Choir and included on the single as "Gasshou Mirai (Longing Future)" ().

</doc>
<doc id="19158076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158076" title="HackShield">
HackShield

HackShield is a set of anti-cheating root toolkits developed for MMOs. It is being used in games such as "Ragnarok Online", "Combat Arms", "Dragonica", "MapleStory", "Mabinogi", "War Rock", "Kal Online", "Shot Online" and "Ace Online". Hackshield is developed by AhnLab Inc, a Korean security solutions company. It has been available to Korean game developers since 2001 and American game developers since 2005.
Purpose.
HackShield is used a as security solution for online games. This can help game companies stop players from using hacks that can break game play. It also helps to identify players that have technical problems with the game or violate the companies' service or game rules, by sending unique system information to the game operator. 
Features.
AhnLab HackShield For Online Game has security features like Executable File Encryption, a memory heuristic engine (which searches the memory for variants of unknown hacking tools), a signature engine and a core security module. HackShield installs its hidden device driver when the game utilizing HackShield is started. On later operating systems such as Windows 7, it blocks the use of compatibility mode and other features as part of anti-cheat detection.

</doc>
<doc id="19158092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158092" title="Lo frate 'nnamorato">
Lo frate 'nnamorato

"Lo frate 'nnamorato" (Neapolitan: "The Brother in Love") is a three act "commedia musicale" (a form of "opera buffa") by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi, to a libretto by Gennarantonio Federico, first performed in 1732.
Composition history.
The opera, written when the composer was only 22, is his first attempt at comic opera. (It was followed in 1733 by his better-known short opera, "La serva padrona"). The first performance was on 27 September 1732, at the Teatro Fiorentini, Naples. A successful run was halted by a severe earthquake, which closed the theatres in Naples until the autumn of 1733. It was re-presented during the 1734 carnival season.
Synopsis.
The opera is set in the house of Marcaniello in the Capodimonte region of Naples. Ascanio, the brother of Nina and Nena, was stolen by brigands in childhood and presumed lost; he was however found and adopted by Marcaniello. Now Nina and Nena are the wards of their uncle, the
Roman Don Carlo. Don Carlo wishes to marry Luggrezia, the daughter of Marcaniello, who himself wishes to marry Nina and to take Nena as wife for his son, the foppish Don Pietro. Nina and Nena meanwhile have fallen in love with Ascanio, not realising their relationship. The two maids Vanella (servant of Carlo) and Cardella (servant of Marcaniello) comment on and take part in the various intrigues which ensue. Finally, in a duel with Carlo, the latter recognises Ascanio as his lost nephew by a birthmark on his arm. Ascanio and Luggrezia are now free to marry.
Recordings.
Teatro alla Scala production, conducted by Riccardo Muti (1989) (Opus Arte DVD)

</doc>
<doc id="19158117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158117" title="Talaat Moustafa Group">
Talaat Moustafa Group

The Talaat Moustafa Group (TMG), one of the largest conglomerates in Egypt, was founded by the former Talaat Moustafa and is headed by his son, Tarek Talaat Moustafa.
The Talaat Moustafa family owns 51% of the group's total stock; the rest is owned by Egyptian and Arab investors. Comprising 23 companies, the group is estimated to be worth 11.6 billion Egyptian pounds and employs more than 3,000 people along with 60,000 additional workers at its various project sites. In November 2007, the company's shares were made public.
TMG owns the largest urban development project in Egypt, El Rehab and other major projects in resort cities such as Sharm el-Sheikh. It has built the San Stefano Grand Plaza in Alexandria. The group has opened three Four Seasons Hotels in Egypt and is working on a major resort in Marsa Alam. In July 2006, The Talaat Moustafa Group started the Madinaty project, which literally means 'My City' in Arabic, is expected to occupy 8,000 feddans and become the largest all inclusive city in the Middle East when it is completed in 2010.
The construction branch is managed by Moustafa's eldest son, Tarek Talaat Moustafa, who is also the head of the Egyptian Lower Parliament's housing committee. The agricultural branch is managed by his second eldest son, Hani Talaat Moustafa. The real estate branch was managed by his youngest son and former member of the Egyptian Shura Council, Hisham Talaat Moustafa. Tarek took over Hisham's duties after he was arrested in September 2008 for the murder of Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim. On May 21, 2009, Hisham was sentenced to death for the murder.

</doc>
<doc id="19158123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158123" title="Överum">
Överum

Överum is a locality situated in Västervik Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 1,203 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19158148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158148" title="Shishir Parkhie">
Shishir Parkhie

Shishir Parkhie born on 7 November 1967 at Nagpur in the state of Mahashtra, India is a singer, music composer and a live show performer.Shishir has been performing live Ghazal concerts at various places worldwide. Shishir uses various forms of music ranging from Ghazals, Bhajans, Sugam Sangeet, Hindi Film Songs to regional music. Several audio cassettes / ACD's / VCDs in various categories have been released by reputed music companies. He has voiced over and composed music for several jingles as well as for various television serials. He is specialised in total conceptualization and production of musical theme shows, commercial jingles, audio and video albums.
Ghazal albums.
1. Ahteraam- Tribute to the legendary poets on T-Series (2008)
2. Once More Ghazals on T-Series (2009)
3. Roomaniyat- Ghazals of love & longing on Mystica Music (2011)
4. Khulus- Ghazals of dreams, desires & destiny on T-Series (Oct 2012)
5. Aatish tha, aftaab tha- A Jagjit Singh tribute single (Oct 2012)
6. Siyahat- A journey through emotions on Saregama India Ltd. (June 2013)
Devotional & Spiritual albums.
12.Shree Gajanan Maharaj Amritvaani, Venus
Audio CDs.
3. Annayog- Bhojan Mantras,Times Music
4. Geet Geeta Mp3 CD's, Times Music
5. Devi Mata, Bihaan Music
References.
www.shishirparkhie.com
www.facebook.com/shishirghazals
www.facebook.com/shishirdevotional
https://itunes.apple.com/in/artist/shishir-parkhie/id377053064
http://www.cdbaby.com/Artist/ShishirParkhie
http://www.rhythmhouse.in/Search.aspx?query=Shishir+Parkhie&fmt=0&srchCat=0&v=0&l=1&p=0&s=0

</doc>
<doc id="19158161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19158161" title="Bull Wall">
Bull Wall

The Bull Wall, or North Bull Wall, at the Port of Dublin, extending from the estuary of the River Tolka and the district of Clontarf out nearly 3 km into Dublin Bay, is one of the two defining sea walls of the port, and faces the earlier-constructed Great South Wall. It has one of a trio of port lighthouses at the end of its extension breakwater, and a famous statue of "Realt na Mara" ("Mary, Queen of the Sea") partway along, and was responsible for the formation of North Bull Island with its nearly 5 km of beach.
History.
Background.
Dublin Bay had a long-running problem with silting, notably at the mouth of the River Liffey, and held major sand banks, notably the North Bull and South Bull, to either side of the Liffey mouth, along with the Kish Bank over 11 km out to sea. Between the North and South Bulls, a sand bar existed, rising over time, limiting access to the city quays.
After years of primitive dredging, an attempt to maintain a clear main channel to Dublin more effectively was begun when, in 1715, the first piles were driven of what was to become the Great South Wall, completed in 1730 to 1731. This barrier was breached by storm action some years later, and in 1761, a stone pier was commenced, working from the Poolbeg Lighthouse, 1768, back to shore, the construction, of massive granite blocks, being completed in 1795. It was during this period that the building of a North Wall was also proposed, and when it was seen that the South Wall did not solve the silting problem, the authorities responsible for Dublin Port commissioned studies on the matter. Captain William Bligh, of "Mutiny on the Bounty" fame, surveyed Dublin Bay for the Ballast Board in 1801, highlighting the potential of the North Bull sand bank.
Bull Bridge, North Bull Wall and the beginning of Bull Island.
A wooden bridge, the first "Bull Bridge", was erected in 1819 to facilitate the construction of the actual stone wall, based on a design by Ballast Board engineer, George Halpin. 
Started in 1820, the wall was completed in 1825, at a cost of 95,000 pounds. The total length of the wall is , and there are no parapets. The majority of the wall stands clear of even flood tides, and has a paved surface, but the last stage is in the form of a breakwater, submerged at high tide; the upper surface of this part is not smoothed.
At the end of the wall is a masonry base with a lighthouse structure, formerly painted red and now painted green.
Over the succeeding 48 years, the natural tidal effects created by the two sea walls deepened the entry to the Liffey from 1.8 m to 4.8 m. Much of the silt now scoured from the river course was deposited on the North Bull, and a true island, North Bull Island, began to emerge, with Dubliners venturing out to the growing beach. The volume of visitors was increased by the commencement of horse tram services to Clontarf in 1873, and further by the laying of a tram line to Howth, and a Coast Guard station was built at the landward end of the North Bull Wall.
Realt na Mara.
While the basic structure of the wall has remained unchanged since the late 19th century, a significant addition was that of a statue of "Realt na Mara" ("Our Lady, Star of the Sea"), erected from subscriptions from dockers, others working around Dublin Port, and a range of companies. The idea for the statue was suggested in 1950, the foundation stone was blessed on 19 June 1961, and the statue was unveiled and blessed on 24 September 1972. The structure comprises a trio of concrete pillars meeting in a globe, on which the crowned statue of Mary stands; sculpted by Cecil King. The monument is floodlit at night and visible across Dublin Bay. A site dedicated to the statue can be found here The ideal position from which to observe the statue would be to stand along the tidal strand just where Stephen Dedalus was standing in "Portrait of the Artist" when he had his famous epiphany at the sight of a more worldly but equally beautiful young woman. The placing of the Realt na Mara statue here was undoubtedly a tongue-in-cheek rejoinder to Joycean paganism.
Amenities.
The wall features multiple public bathing shelters (each designated male or female), with steps down to the water - the water is close by only at mid- to high-tide. There are a number of car parking places, and a public toilet and information signs near the largest of these.
Status.
The Bull Bridge and Bull Wall are technically not public property, nor the property of the local authority, but are owned by the State company which owns and manages Dublin Port. To emphasise this, and perhaps to reduce the possibility of claims of a public right of way, they are closed for a day each year.

</doc>
