<doc id="19192118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192118" title="Luke Montz">
Luke Montz

Luke Montz (born July 7, 1983) is an American professional baseball catcher in the Oakland Athletics organization. He has played in MLB for the Washington Nationals and Athletics.
Career.
Montz was drafted by the then-Montreal Expos in the 17th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut on September 4, , against the Atlanta Braves. In that game, he had three at-bats, going 0-3.
Montz signed to a minor league contract with the New York Mets for the 2010 season and with the Florida Marlins for the 2011 season. He re-signed with the Marlins for the 2012 season. In 2012, he played for Triple-A New Orleans, splitting his time between catching and playing first base. On the year, he hit .222/.310/.495 with 29 HR and 74 RBI
He signed a minor league contract with the Oakland Athletics in November, 2012. He was designated for assignment on September 1, 2013. He was released on September 3, 2013. He re-signed in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19192121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192121" title="Barbara Frietchie (film)">
Barbara Frietchie (film)

Barbara Frietchie is a 1924 silent film about an old woman who helps out soldiers during the American Civil War. It is based on the play that had starred Julia Marlowe at the turn of the century which in turn was taken from the real life story of Barbara Fritchie. There were two silent film versions, a 1915 version and 1924 version. The 1915 version, directed by Herbert Blaché, starred Mary Miles Minter and Anna Q. Nilsson. The 1924 version, directed by Lambert Hillyer, starred Florence Vidor and Edmund Lowe.
Lydia Knott, mother of director Hillyer and a well known character actress in her own right, appears quite prominently in this film as a member of the Frietchie family but for some reason she is uncredited.

</doc>
<doc id="19192126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192126" title="Peter Sullivan (actor)">
Peter Sullivan (actor)

Peter Sullivan (born 26 July at Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire) is an English theatre, film and television actor known mainly for new work with theatre companies and writers from both Europe and the United States.
Biography.
In 1982 he joined the National Youth Theatre, where he played Edmond in "King Lear", and then joined the Old Vic Youth Theatre playing the title role in "Macbeth". He studied at Central School of Speech and Drama from 1983 to 1986 and then in New York under Uta Hagen at HB Studio.
In 1988 he joined the Catalan performance group La Fura Dels Baus and toured the world with them in their trilogy of spectacles "Accions", "Suz/O/Suz" and "Tier Mon". In 1990 he was asked by Deborah Warner to join the National Theatre in London to tour "King Lear" and "Richard III", directed by Richard Eyre, staying on to play in "Napoli Millionaria" as part of the Lyttelton Theatre company. He also worked extensively at the National Theatre Studio with Simon Usher and there formed The Actors' Group. He left the National to work with David Freeman, playing Pentheus in Opera Factory's "Bacchae" at the Queen Elizabeth Hall, before moving into television to play the lead in Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais' sit-com "Over The Rainbow".
He was nominated for the "Evening Standard" Best Newcomer award for his portrayal of Ray in Simon Bennet's "Drummers" directed by Max Stafford-Clark at the New Ambassadors in London's West End. He also played SS Colonel Karl Schoengarth in the multi-award winning B.B.C./H.B.O film Conspiracy written by Loring Mandel and directed by Frank Pierson. He then played Jack the Ripper in Jonathan Kent's revival of Wedekind's "Lulu" in a new version by Nicolas Wright that started at the Almeida Theatre before transferring to the Kennedy Centre in Washington D.C.
He has worked extensively for Peter Gill, appearing in both "Way of the World" and "Certain Young Men" at the Almeida Theatre, as well as in a number of plays at the Royal Court Theatre, contributing to their recent book "Inside Out". At the Court he played The Husband in Debbie Tucker Green's "Stoning Mary" directed by Marianne Elliott, originated the role of Ferdinand in Tom Stoppard's "Rock n Roll" directed by Trevor Nunn, which transferred to the West End and Broadway, as well as playing Cash in Dominic Cooke's first play as artistic director, "The Pain and The Itch" by the American writer Bruce Norris. He played Mortensgaard in Antony Page's acclaimed revival of Ibsen's "Rosmersholm" in a new version by Mike Poulson, once again at the Almeida. He has played JPW for Garry Hynes in Tom Murphy's The Gigli Concert at Druid in Galway and has returned to the National to do two plays with Angus Jackson; David Hare's financial crash piece The Power of Yes and a revival of Clifford Odets Rocket to the Moon. Most recently he has played Sir Robert Morton in Lindsey Posner's acclaimed revival of The Winslow Boy at The Old Vic
He plays Cardinal Sforza in "The Borgias" and was Commander Laurence Stern in Abi Morgan's award-winning "The Hour" for the BBC. He also had a small role in the acclaimed TV series "State of Play", playing the lawyer of David Morrissey's character.
He has appeared in numerous television shows, both as regular and guest characters and in a number of films, both studio pictures as well as lower budget films in the U.K. and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19192128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192128" title="Archery at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of eight events.
Medal table.
13 other countries also competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19192147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192147" title="Beta Chamaeleontis">
Beta Chamaeleontis

Beta Chamaeleontis (Beta Cha, β Chamaeleontis, β Cha) is a B-type main sequence star and is the third brightest star in the constellation of Chamaeleon. It has an apparent visual magnitude which varies between 4.24 and 4.30.

</doc>
<doc id="19192151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192151" title="Wycliffe and the Scapegoat">
Wycliffe and the Scapegoat

Wycliffe and the Scapegoat (1978) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
Every Halloween in Cornwall, the life size effigy of a man rolls down the cliffs and into the sea inside a flaming wheel; the morbid commemoration of an age old Pagan ritual whereby the dummy would in fact be a human sacrifice. This year, however, "every" gruesome detail of the legend is re-enacted when respected builder and undertaker Jonathan Riddle finds himself signed up as the so-called 'scapegoat', strapped within the blazing ferris wheel and pushed towards a fiery grave.
Wycliffe's investigation, meanwhile, proves almost as bizarre as the crime itself, with baffling new evidence arriving by the bucket load, and the eventual discovery of a solution stranger than anything he's ever encountered before...

</doc>
<doc id="19192158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192158" title="Crime in Bahrain">
Crime in Bahrain

There is a low rate of crime in Bahrain. Incidents of petty crime such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are reported especially in the old market areas (souks). Incidents of violent crime is uncommon, but increasing. Much of the crime in the nation is committed by the large South Asian population of guest workers. Though small in size, there is a growing underground drug market in the country. According to Emile Nakhleh, approximately 65% of violent crime and theft are committed by foreign citizens residing in Bahrain.
Charisse Tia Maria Coston and Freda Adler in their book "Victimizing Vulnerable Groups" analyzed the reasons behind the low crime rate in Bahrain. The society of Bahrain follows the teachings of the Qur'an; the Qur'an influences political, economic and social environment. Islam, which is most important in the structure of Bahraini society, teaches wrongdoings will result in downfall of societies and try to uproot crime by exerting influence upon human conscience. This internalization of the religion of Islam is analyzed as a cause behind law-abiding behavior among Bahraini people where violation of law is considered violation of the principles of God.
Bahrain is a destination country for men and women trafficked for the purposes of involuntary servitude and commercial sexual exploitation. Men and women from Africa, South Asia and Southeast Asia migrate voluntarily to Bahrain to work as laborers or domestic servants where some face conditions of involuntary servitude such as unlawful withholding of passports, restrictions on movements, non-payment of wages, threats and physical or sexual abuse. Women from Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Southeast Asian country like Thailand and North African nation like Morocco are trafficked to Bahrain for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation.
Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia advised travelers "to exercise a high degree of caution in Bahrain" due to high threat of terrorism. According to the DFAT, terrorists can target shopping areas, supermarkets, embassies, hotels, restaurants, clubs, cinemas and theaters, schools, places of worship, outdoor recreation events and tourist areas.
In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2007, Bahrain was ranked 46th out of 179 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). On a scale of 0 to 10 with 0 the most corrupt and 10 the most transparent, Transparency International rated Bahrain 5.0.

</doc>
<doc id="19192190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192190" title="Umudlu">
Umudlu

Umudlu or Umutly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19192196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192196" title="USS Grainger (AK-184)">
USS Grainger (AK-184)

USS "Grainger" (AK-184) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that served the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. In 1947 she was placed back in service and served in the Korean War, earning two battle stars
Built in Superior, Wisconsin.
"Grainger", ex-M.C. Hull 2115, was launched under U.S. Maritime Commission contract 7 May 1944 by the Walter Butler Shipbuilding Co., Inc., Superior, Wisconsin; sponsored by Mrs. Carl Bong; and commissioned 26 January 1945, Lt. Henry J. Johnson in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown training out of Westwego, Louisiana, and Galveston, Texas, "Grainger" was assigned to the Naval Training Center, Miami, Florida, for duty as a school ship. She trained personnel in cargo handling and ship operation and maintenance until 14 September when she departed New Orleans and proceeded by way of the Panama Canal Zone to arrive at San Pedro, California, 12 October. 
Departing San Francisco 31 October "Grainger" sailed for Saipan, Tinian, Guam, and Seeadler Harbor, Manus Island. Having discharged all her cargo she left Manus Island 17 February 1946 and after touching at Pearl Harbor reached San Francisco 13 May. Ten days later "Grainger" proceeded to Seattle, Washington, and arrived there 26 May and began her inactivation overhaul. She was decommissioned there 25 July 1946 and returned to the Maritime Commission the next day. Her name was stricken from the Navy List 15 August 1946.
Post-war reactivation.
"Grainger" was taken into the Navy again 9 May 1947 and commissioned 12 June 1947 at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, Bremerton, Washington; Lt. Comdr. Ralph E. Deckwa, USN, in command, and her name reinstated on the Navy List 23 June. Departing Bremerton she reached San Diego, California, 18 July then sailed for Port Hueneme, California.
Departing Port Hueneme 21 August 1947 "Grainger" touched at Pearl Harbor before she arrived at Guam 19 October to take up duty there. "Grainger" supplied the Mariana Islands and the Eastern Caroline Islands, with occasional trips to the Palau Islands until 9 April 1949 when she arrived Pearl Harbor. 
After overhaul "Grainger" cleared Pearl Harbor 13 July and touched at San Francisco before reaching Seattle 16 August. Departing Seattle 28 August she carried out cargo operations at Kodiak and Adak, Alaska, before returning to Seattle 2 October 1949.
"Grainger" cleared Seattle a week later to take up her duty at Guam again, arriving there 20 December. She carried out her operations for the next 6 months supplying the Marshall Islands and the Mariana Islands.
Korean War support.
With the outbreak of hostilities in Korea and shortage of ammunition ships in the Far East "Grainger" loaded with aircraft ammunition and cleared Guam 14 July 1950. She was to rendezvous with Admiral Arthur Dewey Struble's Task Force 77 on the 23d and rearm the carrier "Valley Forge", but due to weather conditions had to complete her mission in Sasebo, Japan, the next day. 
Here "Grainger" was assigned to the Logistics Support Group (Captain B. L. Austin) for the U.S. 7th Fleet as a replenishing ammunition ship. She continued this important job until 15 September when she got underway for the objective area in support of the landings at Inchon, one of the most successful amphibious operations in history. "Grainger" participated in the landings 16 September and after landing her cargo remained in Inchon Harbor until 7 October, when she retired to Sasebo.
Departing Sasebo 21 October 1950 "Grainger" returned to Guam on the 28th and resumed her task of logistic support to the Marianas and the Carolines. Departing "Kwajalein" 2 March 1951 "Grainger" sailed for Pearl Harbor arriving 13 March. Here she took up duty contributing logistic support to Midway Island and Kwajalein atoll until 18 June 1953. 
The ship then cleared Pearl Harbor to take up duty in Sasebo, where she arrived 12 July. With the exception of a voyage to Inchon, Korea, with refrigerated and dry stores for occupation troops (6-13 October) "Grainger" steamed between Sasebo and Yokosuka until 19 March 1954, returning to Pearl Harbor 2 April to take up her familiar runs to Kwajalein and Midway Island. 5 March 1955 found "Grainger" again rotating to Sasebo where she arrived 29 March. Her visits included Buckner Bay, Okinawa; Subic Bay, Philippine Islands; Kaohsiung, Formosa; and Hong Kong.
Final decommissioning.
"Grainger" departed Yokosuka 11 September and going by way of Pearl Harbor reached Long Beach, California, 20 October 1955; 2 days later she shifted to San Diego, California, to undergo inactivation overhaul. "Grainger" decommissioned there 7 February 1956 and was turned over to the San Diego Group, Pacific Reserve Fleet. "Grainger" remained out of commission in reserve there until she was disposed of and her name stricken from the Navy List "1 April" 1960.
Her subsequent fate is not known.
Honors and awards.
"Grainger" received two battle stars for Korean service.

</doc>
<doc id="19192200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192200" title="Neukom Elfe">
Neukom Elfe

The Neukom Elfe is family of Swiss single-seat high-performance sailplane designs. 
The aircraft is a shoulder-wing cantilever monoplane with a wing made from a balsa and plywood sandwich covered in fiberglass and a fuselage built from plywood.
Design and development.
Elfe and Elfe 2.
The first Elfe was a 9 metre wingspan glider that was designed by Swiss designer W. Pfenninger before World War II.
A new design was introduced by Pfenninger in 1947 and was named the Elfe 2. This was probably the first sailplane to feature a laminar flow airfoil. It crashed due to rudder flutter 
PM-3.
The Elfe series was then taken over, improved and strengthened by the Swiss engineer Markwalder into a third prototype, called the Elfe PM-3.
The sole PM-3's construction was started in one factory, but finished in another. It was first flown in 1955 and then went into storage for three years. The aircraft is built from Swiss pine and birch plywood and has a 52.5 foot wingspan. The PM-3 has dive brakes and full-span flaps with aileron interconnects to the flaps. It originally had fixed landing gear, but has been retrofitted with retractable mainwheel. 
It was retrieved from storage and flown in Europe by Rene Compte who brought it to compete in the U.S. Nationals at El Mirage, Arizona held in 1962. After the US Nationals the aircraft was not returned to Europe, but was sold, remained in the USA and registered as N6351U in the Experimental - Exhibition/Racing category. In 1999 the PM-3 was sold again and moved to the United Kingdom.
Compte originally reported the glider as being very pleasant to fly, but it did not do well in weak soaring conditions. It performed well only in conditions of strong lift. The PM-3 has a glide ratio of 40:1.
Elfe M and S series.
Albert Neukom then took over the design and developed the Elfe M, Elfe MN and the AN66.
The next in the line was the V-tailed Standard Elfe S-1, which first flew in 1964.
The second prototype, the S-2, was similar to the S-1, but had a conventional tail. The S-3 was the production version of the S-2 and was first flown in 1966 and entered production that same year. It had a cruciform tail, trailing edge airbrakes and a retractable main wheel.
In competition, a Standard Elfe that was flown by Markus Ritzi of Switzerland, placed second in the 1965 World Gliding Championships held at South Cerney, United Kingdom. United States pilot A.J. Smith finished first in the Standard Class at the 1968 World Gliding Championships held at Leszno, Poland in an S-3.

</doc>
<doc id="19192214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192214" title="South Congregational Church">
South Congregational Church

South Congregational Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19192240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192240" title="Ray Semproch">
Ray Semproch

Roman Anthony Semproch (born January 7, 1931 in Cleveland, Ohio), also known as Baby and Ray, was a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1958 to 1961 for the Philadelphia Phillies, Detroit Tigers and Los Angeles Angels. 
He was signed by the Phillies as an amateur free agent in 1951, but he did not make his big league debut until many years later - on April 15, 1958, against the Cincinnati Reds. The year prior, he'd gone 12–4 with a 2.64 ERA for the Triple-A Miami Marlins. In his first major league game, he gave up a hit and a walk, struck out two, and earned the win in a three inning relief appearance. Overall, he went 13–11 with a 3.92 ERA in 36 big league games (30 starts) that season. Although he was leading the league in wins at mid-season, his success tapered off and he finished with a winning percentage slightly higher than .500. 
Asthmatic, Semproch never lived up to his rookie season's success. In 1959, he went only 3–10 with a 5.40 ERA in 30 games (18 starts). He was traded to the Tigers on December 5, 1959 with Chico Fernandez for Ken Walters, Ted Lepcio, and minor leaguer Alex Cosmidis. In 17 relief appearances for the Tigers in 1960, he had an ERA of 4.00 and a record of 3–0. Despite that moderate success, he was traded on June 15, 1960 to the Los Angeles Dodgers with cash for Clem Labine. He would never play in a Dodgers uniform. 
On November 28, 1960, he was drafted by the Washington Senators in the Rule 5 draft (he and John Gabler were the first two player acquired by the "new" Washington Senators of 1961. On April 7, 1961, the Angels purchased him from the Senators. He'd appear in only two games for the Angels, posting a 9.00 ERA. He played his final major league game on May 2, 1961. 
Overall, Semproch went 19–21 with a 4.42 ERA in 85 games (48 starts). In 344 innings, he walked 136 batters and struck out 156. He hit .116 at the plate and had a .965 fielding percentage. 
Following his big league career, he worked as a bar manager at his brother's Italian restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="19192244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192244" title="Kawasaki KB100 RTZ">
Kawasaki KB100 RTZ

The KB100 was Bajaj Auto's response to the opening up of the Indian markets to Japanese collaboration. It was this machine that propelled Bajaj into the motorcycle production league. A two stroke 100 CC single. It spawned quite a few variants in the 10 odd years that it stayed in production.
History.
In the early 1980s Escorts and TVS partnered with Yamaha and Suzuki respectively. Escorts launched the Rajdoot 350 (Yamaha RD350B) in 1983 and TVS launched the Ind-Suzuki AX100 in 1984-85. Bajaj Auto, which had a lead in the manufacture of scooters with Vepa-150 partnered with Kawasaki of the Fatest Bike in the World Kawasaki "Ninja group" to bring in the KB100.originally a 125cc model reduced to 100cc capacity(97.6cc due to Engine import restriction in India during that Era)bearing the same chessis.
Production began in 1986-87 and went on till 1996 when the KB125Aluminium Engine(Block/Piston) as compared to Cast iron Block on earlier models was launched.
Features.
Next came the SX Enduro, which was an offroad scrambler bike with the same engine, but tweaked for lower end torque.
The final variant was the KB100 RTZ "Delta Super Tuned". This version was given a resonator box and the gearbox casing near the gear shift lever had the words "Delta Super Tuned". Presumably this version was a last-ditch attempt to rally sales in a market that was dominated by RX100 sales.The ergononic Grips, FrontBreak + ClutchLever & the Switch gears were directly imported from Japan at first until "Minda" started manufacturing Original Equipments including the 'Ignition Key' cum Either-side Steering Lockwhich had a uniqe feature of "City-light" position after locking the steering, we can put on the Parking lights keeping all other Electricals off, till date no Indian Bike has this feature!Other important features like 1.Right Side Engine Killing Switch,2.Speedo/Techo cum fuel gauge Assembly, 3.Choke-lever intigrated with Left hand side switch Assembly, 4. Carburator housed inside Engine Cashing to prevent from Tempering, 5. Rotary Disc intake Valve, 6.Long Wheel base 1260mm, 7.Long-travel Telescopic Front Shock Absorber, 8.Wider Tires made tus feel "The Whole Road is mine" type of feeling 9. 12v Electrical System a Powerful Magnaeto which culd drive away Darkness by its 35+35W "Stanley Sealbeamed Headlanpmodels came up with user replaceable bulb assembly with 12v 5Amp/hr Battery which could easily power 21W+21W turn Signal indicators with other tale-tell lights with 21W Stop light! The Above Mentioned features will Always keep this Particular Motor cycle "Stand Alone" from the Rest of the Motor cycles in Indian Motocycle History!
In March / April 1996 the KB125 was launched. A machine, it looked exactly like th KB100, except that the side panels said "KB125". A few months on, the paintwork was changed, which gave the bike a more contemporary look. The bike didn't sell too much even though it had more power that the comparable Yamaha RXG (11.8 bhp). Bajaj Engineers also experimented with a 5 speed version of the bike, called the KB125 Prowler, but none seem to have been sold.
Legacy.
A reliable, (relatively) fuel efficient machine, the KB100 has quite a few patrons, especially in Pune and Bangalore. Though it does not enjoy the same cult status or reputation of the Yamaha RXs or the Suzuki Shoguns 110cc 14 bhp, it still is an important milestone in the history of Indian Motorcycling. In fact, the KB125 was produced until 2000. When emission regulations were made more stringent by Indian government, Bajaj was forced to halt its production. The handsome looks and a big bike feel and superior engine noise is noteworthy. The RTZ have a tachometer and fuel gauge from its first production. Actually it was far superior to the over said Yamaha RX100: The Bajaj KB series bike is an important milestone in the post British era Indian motor cycle history.

</doc>
<doc id="19192249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192249" title="Spyridon Samaras">
Spyridon Samaras

Spyridon-Filiskos Samaras (also Spyros, Spiro Samara; ) (29 November 1861 – 7 April 1917) was a Greek composer particularly admired for his operas who was part of the generation of composers that heralded the works of Giacomo Puccini. His compositions were praised worldwide during his lifetime and he is arguably the most internationally appreciated Greek composer before Dimitri Mitropoulos.
Biography.
Samaras was born in Corfu, where, as a young man, he studied with Spyridon Xyndas (Σπυρίδων Ξύνδας). From 1875 to 1882 he studied at the Athens Conservatory with Federico Bolognini, and Enrico Stancampiano. His first opera "Torpillae" (now lost) was premiered in Athens in 1879. He went to Paris in 1882 to study at the Paris Conservatoire and became a favorite of Jules Massenet. His other instructors included Léo Delibes, Théodore Dubois, and Charles Gounod. He worked successfully as a composer in Paris for three years and then migrated to Italy in 1885. 
Samaras quickly became an important figure in the opera scene in Italy. His opera "Flora mirabilis" première in Milan in 1886 and in 1888 "Medgé" was successfully staged at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome with French opera star Emma Calvé in the title role. Samaras became closely associated with Edoardo Sonzogno, a Milanese publisher. Sonzogno founded the Teatro Lirico Internazionale and chose Samaras' "La martire" for the theater's opening on 22 September 1894. The opera had premiered previously that year in Naples and is based on a libretto by Luigi Illica with many naturalistic elements, which gave space to Samaras musical personality for an equal treatment. 
Samaras' works enjoyed wide distribution; his operas were staged in Paris, Monte Carlo, Cologne, Berlin, Vienna, Malta, Bucharest, Constantinople, Smyrna, Alexandria, Cairo, and of course Greece and Italy . He wrote fifteen stage works, the last three on texts by Paul Milliet; "Storia d'amore o La biondinetta" (1903), "Mademoiselle de Belle-Isle" (1905) and "Rhea" (1908). He returned to Greece in 1911, thinking that he would be appointed director of the Athens Conservatoire . However he was not, partly because of the 'National School' controversy. He supported himself by composing operettas aiming at satisfying a variety of audiences, rather than continuing in his usual creative vein. His last opera, "Tigra", although started about this time and containing some of his best music, was never finished.
Samaras is known for composing the Olympic Anthem, on lyrics by Kostis Palamas. The Anthem was first performed during the opening ceremony of the 1896 Summer Olympics, the first modern Olympic Games. It was declared the official anthem of the Olympic movement by the International Olympic Committee in 1958 and has been used at every opening ceremony since the 1960 Winter Olympics.
Samaras died, aged 55, in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19192258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192258" title="North Coast Hip Hop">
North Coast Hip Hop

North Coast Hip Hop like its counterparts (East Coast Hip Hop, West Coast Hip Hop, Southern Hip Hop and Midwest Hip Hop) is the rap/urban scene originating from Canada and arguably the Northeastern, United States (Pennsylvania, Vermont, Maine). It is not necessarily seen as a "true" urban movement or scene due to the lack of the urban industry and/or market in the nation. In this case, it is usually just said to be Canadian Hip Hop.
Development
Due to the lukewarm urban music scene in Canada, North Coast Hip Hop is still in progress. Many Canadians and those who love hip hop around the world do not refer to Canadian Hip Hop as "North Coast Hip Hop", but is said indirectly and subtly. Many Canadian rappers will shout it out evey now and then in a song, just plainly saying Northside, UpNorth, Naughty or Nasty North, Canada or Toronto (T-Dot,T.O) which is the primary port for most music or any industry coming out of Canada. Toronto arguably has the biggest Hip hop scene in the nation, second being Montreal, Vancouver and Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="19192268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192268" title="Aforementioned Productions">
Aforementioned Productions

Aforementioned Productions is an American independent production company and small press, founded in early 2005 by poet Randolph Pfaff and writer Carissa Halston.
Their literary journal, "apt", was published online through 2010, but moved to a hybrid print/online format in 2011. Current staff of "apt" includes Randolph Pfaff (editor), Carissa Halston (editor), J.F. Lynch (visual arts editor), and Robin E. Mork (associate editor). In 2010, they began producing Literary Firsts, a quarterly reading series in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19192290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192290" title="Galena Police Department">
Galena Police Department

The Galena Police Department is the municipal police department of the City of Galena in Alaska, located in the interior region of the state on the north banks of the Yukon River. Galena is located roughly midway between Nome and Fairbanks.
Overview.
The department is allocated a full-time sworn Chief of Police and a full-time, sworn officer. The department has an officer either on-duty or on-call 24 hours a day, every day of the year. If no officer is available, Alaska Troopers handle emergency calls until one returns. The department is also allocated one paid, seasonal reserve officer and one paid, seasonal civilian administrative assistant. The Chief is also authorized to appoint a number of non-salaried, volunteer auxiliary police officers. The agency provides police protection to all of the City of Galena and the road system in and around the City, which is located off the state's continuous road and ferry system. The city is accessible only by air year-round and by tugboat & cargo barge on the Yukon River in ice-free months (May-Sept.). The department also provides police protection to the Louden Tribal Community and to the Galena Interior Learning Academy (GILA), a public boarding high school located on the site of the former Galena Air Force Base. The City has 670 permanent residents, close to 130 GILA high school students during the school year (mid-Aug. to mid-May), along with close to 15 seasonal school employees. The GILA students who come from all over Alaska are not included in the student population of approximately 90 city school students who reside in Galena year-round and attend the Sidney C. Huntington K-12 Public School. The US Bureau of Land management also has close to 30 seasonal summer employees during the summer fire season (mid-May to early Sept.). The State of Alaska also operates a summer vocational training camp at the GILA Campus each summer; two 2-week sessions for approximately 10-15 adult students. The Galena Air Force Base was activated as an Army Air Corps Base in World War 2, where lend-lease aircraft were staged while en route to Russia. The Base became an Air Force Base in 1947 and played a prominent Cold War role defending the Alaskan frontier as the US Air Force fighter intercept base closest to Russia. The base was deactivated in 1993 and completely closed as of Oct. 1st, 2008, by the Base Realignment Committee (BRAC). Galena Police are assisted by an Alaska State Trooper post also located on the base site, which is manned by two law enforcement "blue shirt" troopers and one wildlife "brown shirt" trooper-pilot. Galena Police can also receive assisted in emergencies from the two federal law enforcement officers of the US Fish and Wildlife Service who are assigned to the Galena Office; a split-duty law enforcement officer who also manages the Galena Office and a full time law enforcement officer-pilot, who is also dual-commissioned as a Special Alaska State Trooper and can thus enforce state laws while serving the surrounding US Wildlife Preserve lands. The former Galena Air Base air field is now the Edward Pitka Airport and is one of the more heavily used interior Alaskan "bush" airports. The police department, which has a holding cell for temporary prisoner housing, is manned by civilian jail guards when needed. The police station is located at the City Hall complex on Antoski Road in Galena and has been operational for over a decade. The department utilizes the old Air Force weapons firing range for weapons training and has a satellite office at the GILA Campus. Persons arrested by Galena Police are arraigned and tried at the Galena courthouse. Adult prisoners who are remanded are transported by either commercial air or Alaska Trooper aircraft to the Alaska Department of Correction facility, Fairbanks Correctional Center (FCC), while juveniles are transported to the Fairbanks Youth Facility (FYF), both located in Fairbanks. The department has two 4-wheel drive patrol vehicles and maintains communications by phone-link radios, both hand-held and vehicle-mounted. Officers receive dispatch support from the Alaska State Troopers "D" Detachment in Fairbanks. State Troopers also can provide tactical support if needed, with a regional SWAT Team from "D" Detachment and investigative support is available from the Trooper's investigative arm, the Alaska Bureau of Investigation (ABI). The department currently has an internal hostage negotiator and its own training officer. Galena police officers are issued Glock Model 22 .40 caliber pistols and .12 gauge shotguns. Officers are cross-trained as Alaskan Emergency Trauma Technicians (ETT) or Alaska Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT) and they routinely assist the Galena volunteer Emergency Medical Service (EMS). The department has a distinctive and colorful uniform shoulder patch depicting the Yukon River, Alaskan wildlife and the midnight sun of the northern summers. The badge is also a distinctive 7-point star with a grizzly bear in the center. Galena police officers are trained at the Alaska Public Safety Academy in Sitka or at the University of Alaska-Fairbanks Police Academy. Police Chief Michael Ervin assumed the post in OCT of 2009 and resigned in the summer of 2010, after succeeding chief is John Millan, a retired North Carolina chief who succeeded Chief Lowell Carlton, a retired California law enforcement officer, who retired in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19192298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192298" title="Ben Henderson (politician)">
Ben Henderson (politician)

Ben Henderson (born November 13, 1957 in New York City, New York) is a member of the Edmonton City Council, currently representing Ward 8.
He was a candidate in the 2001 municipal election and 2004 municipal election and gained his seat on City Council in the 2007 municipal election, following Michael Phair's retirement.
He is married to Edmonton-Centre Liberal MLA, Laurie Blakeman.

</doc>
<doc id="19192303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192303" title="NK Jadran">
NK Jadran

NK Jadran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19192308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192308" title="Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Lebrecht of Anhalt-Köthen (Plötzkau, 8 April 1622 – Köthen, 7 November 1669), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Plötzkau. From 1665, he was ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the second son of Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Plötzkau, by his wife Sibylle, daughter of John George I, Count of Solms-Laubach.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1653, Lebrecht inherited Plötzkau jointly with his older brother Ernest Gottlieb and his younger brother Emmanuel. With their principality, they also received the regency over Anhalt-Köthen on behalf of the infant Prince William Louis. While Lebrecht and Emmanuel held the regency, Ernest Gottlieb served as sole ruler over Plötzkau, but only for seven months until his death, unmarried and childless.
Lebrecht continued as regent over Köthen until 1659, when William Louis was proclaimed of age and began to govern his principality. Lebrecht then returned to Plötzkau, where he ruled jointly with Emmanuel.
The death of William Louis in 1665 without heirs changed the distribution of the existing Anhalt principalities: Lebrecht and his brother received Anhalt-Köthen, and Plötzkau was returned to Anhalt-Bernburg, from which it was originally extracted.
In Plötzkau on 18 January 1655 Lebrecht married Sophie Ursula Eleonore (b. Ortenberg, 2 October 1628 - d. Köthen, 13 September 1675), daughter of Henry Volrad, Count of Stolberg-Ortenberg. The union was childless.
After four years of rule in Köthen, Lebrecht died without heirs and was succeeded by his younger brother and co-ruler Emmanuel.

</doc>
<doc id="19192312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192312" title="Eugene Emond">
Eugene Emond

Eugene Patrick Emond (January 11, 1921 – January 28, 1989) was an Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. During World War II, he was one of the youngest Lieutenants (pilot) of the B-17 Flying Fortress "Man O War II, Horsepower Ltd." (see nose art below). 
Biography.
Early life and education.
Eugene Patrick Emond was born to Eugene Edward Emond and Mary McTague in New York City. He was raised in the working-class neighborhood of Washington Heights and attended DeWitt Clinton High School.
Military career.
Emond enlisted in the Army during World War II, where he was trained as a B-17 Flying Fortress pilot. After training he was shipped to England to fly in the 91st Bomb Group at RAF Bassingbourn.
During Emond's first combat mission he flew as a tail gunner in the lead group. He flew as the co-pilot of the next few missions and then as pilot (the left seat) for the rest of his tour. Emond finished his tour around the middle of 1944 and was rotated back home to a base in Florida. When the war ended he elected to stay in the service and was in the Philippines in June 1946. After his allotment of missions, Emond was later offered to become a lead air trainer in Florida. After a short stint training pilots, he decided to return to his job as a "runner" at the New York Federal Reserve.
Emond completed over 34 missions while leading Man O War II. He received the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal with 3 Oak Leaf Clusters and logged 1306 hours at the controls. He is considered one of the youngest Lieutenants to pilot a Fortress.
Picture of Emond (third from left standing)
http://www.91stbombgroup.com/crewphotos/man_o_war_2_crew.html
Career.
Emond's career at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York spanned 47 years. The first half of his career was spent as a Bank Examiner traveling throughout New York State. His post Bank Examination positions included being the first Officer in Charge of Operations and Technology, Officer in Charge of the Discount Window, Lead Trainer for Bank Examiners and Senior Officer in Charge of Special Projects. One of the special projects included assisting in the refinancing of the troubled Lockheed Company with investment banks (1970s). Emond was influential in establishing a more formal relationship between the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England. He was also called upon to manage several special projects for the New York board.
One of the projects included assisting in the refinancing of the troubled Lockheed Air with investment banks.
Marriage, children and grandchildren.
Emond married the former Alice Virginia Whalen. The couple had five children together: Eugene Edward, Randall George, Elizabeth Jane, Gary Micheal and Douglas William. After his wife's death in 1972, he raised their two youngest sons on his own. Grand children of Eugene and Alice are Edward Heinrich, Stacy Heinrich, Julia Heinrich Sanders, Alice Heinrich, Allyson Emond Kiss, Christopher Emond, Gregory Emond, Catherine Emond and Patrick Emond.
Death and afterward.
Eugene Emond died on January 28, 1989 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
References.
Information regarding the verification re: Eugene Emond comes from:

</doc>
<doc id="19192315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192315" title="David Bergeron">
David Bergeron

David Bergeron (born December 4, 1981) is an NFL linebacker who played with the Carolina Panthers.
Education.
David Bergeron attended Lakeridge High School, after graduating high school he went to college at Stanford University. He finished his career there with two sacks, 176 tackles (16.5 for losses), two forced fumbles, a fumble recovery, an interception, three pass deflections, and a blocked kick.
NFL career.
Drafted in 2005, Bergeron was taken by the Philadelphia Eagles in the 7th round (38th pick). After that, David Bergeron was a linebacker on the Carolina Panthers. Bergeron is no longer in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19192340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192340" title="Beta Circini">
Beta Circini

Beta Circini (Beta Cir, β Circini, β Cir) is an A-type main sequence star and is the second brightest star in the constellation of Circinus. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 4.069.

</doc>
<doc id="19192345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192345" title="Amarjeet Sohi">
Amarjeet Sohi

Amarjeet Sohi (born March 8, 1964 in Banbhaura, Punjab, India) is a Canadian politician, currently a member of the Edmonton City Council representing Ward 12.
Sohi gained his seat in the 2007 city of Edmonton election, after being active in the Mill Woods community for a number of years.
Background.
Sohi was born in India, and immigrated to Edmonton in 1981. He has lived in southeast Edmonton since then, and is married with one daughter. Prior to his election to City Council, Sohi worked for Edmonton Transit.
Sohi has been active in the Mill Woods community for years, volunteering in many roles. His work has included serving on the Southwood Community League Executive and the TD Baker Parents Advisory Council. Sohi was also a founding member of the Mill Woods Crime Council, a volunteer organization that works with police and community members to reduce crime and promote the awareness of community resources. The Mill Woods Crime Council has been recognized as a highly successful initiative, and the model has been emulated across Edmonton.
On Council.
Amarjeet Sohi represents City Council on the Edmonton Police Commission, and is Council's leading voice on community safety and multiculturalism. He represented Council on the Mayor's Task Force on Community Safety, which developed a comprehensive 10-Year Plan to address root causes of crime in Edmonton. He is also Council's representative on Racism Free Edmonton, a multi-sector body dedicated to combatting racism and discrimination in Edmonton. Racism Free Edmonton is part of a national coalition, the Coalition of Municipalities Against Racism and Discrimination.
Some of the highlights of Sohi's work on Council include:
- Successfully pushing to expedite planning for an extension of the LRT rapid transit system to southeast Edmonton;
- Launching the Good Neighbour Awards to celebrate community-level crime prevention work across the city;
- Working with other players to develop a comprehensive Action Plan to combat racism and discrimination in Edmonton;
- Working with the Mayor's Task Force on Community Safety to develop a long-term strategy for crime prevention;
- Hosting a Week of Awareness to Prevent Sexual Exploitation;
- Advocating for a new Sustainable and Ethical Procurement Policy for the City of Edmonton;
- Successfully pushing for improved transit service to southeast Edmonton, particularly to newer communities.
Sohi has been a passionate champion for diversity, community safety, public transit, and environmental sustainability.
References.
Amarjeet Sohi Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="19192354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192354" title="Jacques Cariou">
Jacques Cariou

Jacques Cariou (September 23, 1870 – October 7, 1951) was a French show jumping champion.
Olympic Record.
Cariou participated at the 1912 Summer Olympics held in Stockholm, where he won a gold medal in Individual Jumping. He obtained a silver medal in Team Jumping with the French team. He received a bronze medal in individual Three-day Eventing with the horse "Cocotte".

</doc>
<doc id="19192369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192369" title="Brenhinoedd y Saeson">
Brenhinoedd y Saeson

Brenhinoedd y Saeson (English: "The Kings of the English") is the medieval title of three Middle Welsh annalistic chronicles known from three 14th-century manuscripts (referred to as "P", "R", and "S") recording events from 682 to the English conquest of Wales in 1282 (P was subsequently continued to 1332, S ultimately to 1461). The title "Brenhinoedd y Saeson" is found only in the rubric to the earlier of the two surviving manuscripts of version S: the other two texts are commonly known as "Brut y Tywysogion", but this title is found only in manuscripts of the late 16th century and cannot be considered authentic. 
The three versions of "Brenhinoedd y Saeson" are closely related to and are probably translations from a text or texts evidenced by those Cambro-Latin annalistic chronicles now known as "Annales Cambriae".
Sources.
P survives in a single medieval manuscript: <br>Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS. Peniarth 20, written c.1330, probably at the Cistercian abbey of Valle Crucis (Llanegwestl). The scribe of this manuscript also wrote the earlier of the two manuscripts containing S.
R survives in four medieval manuscripts:
These all date from about 1350 to about 1400.
S survives in two medieval manuscripts:
Dating.
P is datable 1286 – c.1330; R is datable 1307 – 1350; S is datable c. 1200 (probably 1282 or 1286) – 1300. The order of composition of the three versions remains to be determined.

</doc>
<doc id="19192385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192385" title="Peter van Walsum">
Peter van Walsum

A. Peter van Walsum (born 25 June 1934 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch diplomat who served as United Nations Secretary-General's Personal Envoy for Western Sahara. He was appointed to the position by United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan in July 2005 and left the position in September 2008 when his mandate expired.
Van Walsum earned a degree in law from the University of Utrecht in 1959, going on to serve in the Dutch Military from 1960 to 1962 before joining the Civil Emergency Planning section of the Ministry of General Affairs from 1962 to 1963.
He went on to serve in the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs for almost forty years. His posts included the Permanent Mission to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in Paris, the embassies in Bucharest, New Delhi and London, and the Permanent Mission to the European Commission in Brussels.
After joining his country's Permanent Mission to the United Nations in New York, he became the Dutch representative on the Security Council in 1999 and Chairman of the Iraq Sanctions Committee in 2000.
Peter van Walsum is married with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19192392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192392" title="Freedom (Solange Knowles song)">
Freedom (Solange Knowles song)

"Freedom" was a song released by Solange from the Johnson Family Vacation Soundtrack in 2004.
History.
Solange and her producers at Music World Music, the record label of Beyoncé Knowles and Destiny's Child, selected a track by Houston jazz funk band Drop Trio for a new song by rising star Solange Knowles. Solange, who released her first album Solo Star in 2003, saw Drop Trio performing at a local club in Houston and suggested co-writing a song. The result is "Freedom," with lyrics and melody by Solange and instrumental tracks composed, produced and recorded by Drop Trio.
The song was used on the soundtrack for the 2004 released feature film, Johnson Family Vacation, which opened on April 7, 2004 and starred Solange, Cedric the Entertainer, Vanessa Williams, Steve Harvey, and Bow Wow, among others. The soundtrack also features songs by Ashanti, Patti Labelle, and Barry White.

</doc>
<doc id="19192396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192396" title="Dave Thiele">
Dave Thiele

Dave Thiele (born circa 1952) is a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Edmonton City Council, representing Ward 6 alongside Amarjeet Sohi.
Thiele was first elected in 1998, prior to which he worked with the City of Edmonton in the Water Systems department (now Epcor Water).

</doc>
<doc id="19192397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192397" title="Henry Kandrup">
Henry Kandrup

Henry Emil Kandrup (July 24, 1955 – October 18, 2003) was an American astrophysicist and professor at the University of Florida, Gainesville. His major contributions were in the areas of galaxy dynamics and plasma physics.
Early life and education.
Kandrup was born in Manhasset, New York and spent most of his childhood in Great Neck. His parents, Jytte and Fred, were immigrants from Denmark where his father had worked as a silver smith. He graduated from the Brooks Preparatory School in Andover, Massachusetts at the age of 16, then enrolled at Cornell, transferring to Princeton the following year. He received his PhD in 1980 from the University of Chicago where his thesis advisor was James Ipser. He taught at Oakland University and Syracuse University before coming to the University of Florida in 1990.
Already as a child, Kandrup was an accomplished musician, playing the organ, piano and French horn. He was also a passionate devotee of opera and ballet.
Scientific contributions.
Kandrup's work led to greater understanding in the fields of stellar dynamics, chaos, and plasma physics. Much of Kandrup's research was directed toward developing a more refined mathematical description of dynamical relaxation in stellar systems. In a series of papers from the early 1990s, Henry developed the idea of chaotic phase mixing, the process by which an ensemble of points evolves toward a uniform coarse-grained population of phase space.
Among his other contributions were a demonstration of the equivalence of Landau damping and phase mixing; a proof (with J. F. Sygnet) of the linear stability of a broad class of stellar systems; and a generalization of Jeans's theorem to non-integrable systems. At the time of his death, he was investigating the chaotic dynamics of charged particle beams, and the influence of binary supermassive black holes on the motion of stars in galaxies.
Kandrup organized more than a dozen workshops on nonlinear dynamics at the University of Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19192410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192410" title="List of English football transfers 2002–03">
List of English football transfers 2002–03

List of English football transfers 2002–03 include:

</doc>
<doc id="19192419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192419" title="Mangup (song)">
Mangup (song)

Mangup (English translation: "Rascal") was the Yugoslav entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, composed by Rajko Dujmić and Stevo Cvikić and sung by Srebrna Krila in Croatian.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 21st (last), following Portugal's Dora with "Voltarei". At the close of the voting it had received 87 points, placing 6th.
It was succeeded as Yugoslav representative at the 1989 contest by Riva with "Rock Me".

</doc>
<doc id="19192431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192431" title="Whitney Duncan">
Whitney Duncan

Whitney Duncan (born August 3, 1984) is an American country music artist. She finished as the fifth place finalist on the fifth season of "Nashville Star." She has released one studio album and has charted on the U.S. country singles charts with "When I Said I Would" and "Skinny Dippin'," as well as a Christmas single and guest appearance on a Kenny Rogers single which was released before her "Nashville Star" appearance. Duncan competed in the CBS reality series "" in late 2011.
Early life.
Whitney Duncan was born on August 3, 1984 in Scotts Hill, Tennessee, a town consisting of only 900 people. Her father is a state environmentalist and her mother is a schoolteacher. Her grandfather introduced her to music.
Duncan began singing at her church, later performing in local talent shows, fairs, and festivals. She would also travel to the neighboring states of Kentucky and Missouri to perform at events. In her early teens, she began to travel to Nashville, Tennessee to perform at local clubs, including Tootsie's Lounge.
In her senior year of high school, Duncan signed a recording contract with a label, cutting a few sides she had written. One of these sides was "My World Is Over", which became a duet with Kenny Rogers, and appeared on his "42 Ultimate Hits" album in 2004. A single was made of their duet, and charted for one week on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in July 2004. Afterwards Duncan parted ways with the label.
In 2006, she opened for the CMA Music festival, performing the National Anthem and singing the next day as well.
2007-present.
In 2007, Duncan participated on the USA network show "Nashville Star" and self-released her debut album. After coming in fifth place, she signed to Warner Bros. Records Nashville. Her first solo single, "When I Said I Would" was released from the label in August 2008, peaking at No. 48 on the U.S. country charts. The second single, "The Bed You Made," followed in December 2008 and failed to chart. The third single, "Skinny Dippin" was released in July 2009, and debuted at No. 60 and reached No. 48 as well. A Christmas digital single, a cover version of the Mariah Carey hit "All I Want for Christmas Is You", was issued in November 2008. A digital EP titled "Selections From Right Road Now" was released in December 2008.
Duncan's debut album, "Right Road Now", was originally slated for a May 2009 release, but was pushed back due to the lackluster success of the singles. The album was released digitally and through Amazon.com on compact disc on April 20, 2010.
Whitney's song "So Sorry Mama" is featured in the Footloose movie and on the soundtrack. She sang and co-wrote "So Sorry Mama" with John Shanks and Gordie Sampson. "So Sorry Mama" was also on her "Right Road Now" cd released on Warner Brothers in 2010. Whitney released a new single called "That's How You Make Love" on July 31, 2012.
"Survivor: South Pacific".
Beginning September 2011, Duncan appeared as a contestant on the CBS reality television series, "", as part of the Savaii tribe. Duncan formed a very close, romantic bond with Keith Tollefson, and the two teamed up with Jim Rice and another romantic pair, Ozzy Lusth and Elyse Umemoto, early on within the tribe. At the urging of Rice, Duncan cooperated in the elimination of Umemoto to limit Lusth's power.
At the merge, Duncan and the rest of the old Savaii tribe were betrayed by former tribemate John Cochran, leading to the voting out of the entire former Savaii tribe; Duncan herself was voted out on Day 27. She and Dawn Meehan lost the Redemption Island duel the next day against former tribemate Lusth. Duncan placed 9th and was part of the Jury.
Personal life.
Duncan is a first cousin to Holly Bobo, the Parsons, Tennessee kidnapping victim. 
Duncan married musician Donny Fallgatter on August 1, 2010 in Gatlinburg, Tennessee after two months of dating. The couple's divorce was granted in November 2011. She became engaged to Keith Tollefson on February 14, 2013. The two had begun a relationship on their season of "".

</doc>
<doc id="19192450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192450" title="Henley Park">
Henley Park

Henley Park is a country house and landscape garden in Bix and Assendon civil parish in the Chiltern Hills of South Oxfordshire, England. The house is about north of Henley-on-Thames. The park adjoins the county boundary with Buckinghamshire.
The park was created in the 13th century as the medieval deer park of the Fawley Court Estate. In 1300 it became part of the manor of Henley.
Henley Park house is in a small park north of the Fair Mile that leads north-north-west from Henley. It was the dower house to Fawley Court. In the Georgian era the park was converted into a landscape garden with ""beautiful inclosures descending in natural waving slopes from the house.""
George III was a friend of Mrs. Freeman, widow of Sambrooke Freeman, and visited her here. The visit was somewhat embarrassing for Mrs. Freeman who was unwell at the time and so had to let the royal party explore the house on their own as described in the diary of Mrs. Philip Lybbe Powys.

</doc>
<doc id="19192463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192463" title="FilmFair">
FilmFair

FilmFair was a British production company and animation studio that produced stop motion children's television series and animated cartoons from the late 1960s until the mid-1990s. The company's stop-motion repertoire included puppets, clay animation, and cutout animation.
Graham Clutterbuck started FilmFair in the late 1960s, working first in Paris and later in London.
In the United Kingdom, FilmFair's productions first aired on BBC1, and later on ITV. Eventually they reached people in several nations through other television networks abroad. Among FilmFair's many series were "The Herbs", "The Wombles", "Paddington", "The Adventures of Portland Bill" and "The Dreamstone".
Central Independent Television bought a controlling share of FilmFair during the early 1980s. In 1988, Graham Clutterbuck died of cancer, and filmmaker David Yates headed the company. One of the later produced series "Bangers and Mash" was decidated to Clutterbuck's memory. In 1991, Central sold FilmFair to Storm Group (aka the Caspian Group). (In prior years, the Storm Group had licensed some FilmFair productions for video distribution.) In 1996, the Caspian Group sold the FilmFair catalogue and production amenities to the Canadian company CINAR, and Kath Yelland succeeded David Yates. CINAR'S purchase included all associated distribution, publication, licensing, and merchandising rights. In 2000, CINAR executives were implicated in a financial scandal, and again in 2001. In 2004, the company rebranded to the Cookie Jar Group. In 2012, a Canadian media conglomerate called DHX Media bought Cookie Jar Group, thus acquiring the rights to the FilmFair properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19192482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192482" title="Bernard Meyer">
Bernard Meyer

Bernard Meyer was a French show jumping champion.
Olympic record.
Meyer participated at the 1912 Summer Olympics held in Stockholm, where he obtained a silver medal in Team Jumping with the French team.

</doc>
<doc id="19192512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192512" title="Athletics at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of 210 events, 155 for men and 55 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19192514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192514" title="1695 in poetry">
1695 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="19192520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192520" title="Bedder 6">
Bedder 6

Bedder 6 was a British company, responsible for exploiting the "Top Gear" brand. It was founded by presenter Jeremy Clarkson and executive producer Andy Wilman in October 2006. In November 2007, BBC Worldwide purchased 5001 shares giving them a stake of just over 50% of the business. They are believed to have paid £100 for the shares, but also transferred merchandising and some foreign sales rights to the company. The remaining 5000 shares are split 60/40 between Clarkson and Wilman respectively.
The company posted a £1.8m post-tax profit in September 2008, giving its shareholders £700,000 in dividends.
Bedder 6 own 50% of Sub-Zero Events Limited, a joint-venture set up by BBC Worldwide and Brand Events in February 2008 to run the "Top Gear Live" shows. Both Bedder 6 and Sub-Zero Events' registered addresses are at BBC White City, the building where "Top Gear"'s offices are located.
Media Monkey, a columnist in "The Guardian" newspaper, speculated that the name "Bedder 6" is a pun on 'Better sex', or it could be a reference to the names of the dormitories at Repton School which was attended by both Jeremy Clarkson and Andy Wilman.
In 2012 BBC Worldwide took on the whole of the rights to the Top Gear brand to ensure that the BBC gets all the money from the show and its spinoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19192531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192531" title="Yedynomu">
Yedynomu

Yedynomu (, — literally "To the Only One") - is the third studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded in Ukraine. The album was released in 2003 in Ukraine and Russia with 16 tracks with consequent worldwide release. This album appeared after a pause in Rotaru's career caused by the death of her husband Anatoliy Evdokimenko and is a tribute to his memory.
The album includes major super hits of the 1970s to 1990s period of the joint life and working partnership of Sofia Rotaru and Anatoliy Evdokimenko. Anatoliy was a long-time working partner, helping to direct and produce many of her songs. The album was released exactly on the anniversary of death of her husband As of January 2004, more than 2,000,000 copies were sold.
Languages of performance.
Songs are performed in Ukrainian and Romanian (Moldovan) languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19192562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192562" title="Krauss-Maffei ML 4000 C'C'">
Krauss-Maffei ML 4000 C'C'

The Krauss-Maffei ML 4000 C′C′ is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive, built between 1961 and 1969 by German manufacturer Krauss-Maffei in Munich, Germany. It generated from two Maybach V16 engines. 37 examples were built for two North American railroads and one South American railroad.
History.
In 1959, General Motors’ Electro-Motive Division (EMD) rebuilt nine of its GP9 locomotives for the Union Pacific Railroad with pre-production examples of a new turbo-supercharging system that would raise the locomotives’ horsepower to 2000. This soon evolved into the GP20. 
The Southern Pacific Railroad (who served much of the same territory as UP, a rival) took this into account, as business for SP was growing rapidly. Freight trains were getting longer and heavier, and SP had to use up to nearly 10 locomotives to power long-distance freight trains. SP's main workhorses at the time were EMD F7s and GP9s. Although SP had a small fleet of H-24-66 "Train Master" locomotives manufactured by Fairbanks-Morse, SP found that they were found not suitable for freight service and were relegated to the San Francisco Bay Area's Peninsula Commutes.
After much research, SP decided to experiment with diesel-hydraulic locomotives and stunned the railroading industry by purchasing three ML-4000 type locomotives from German manufacturer Krauss-Maffei. Delivered by ship and unloaded at the Port of Houston, Texas on October 31, 1961, they featured two Maybach V16 diesel engines and Voith transmissions. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad also ordered three units, but found them unsuitable in mountain service, and they were sold to the SP in early 1964. Upon arrival, a special track was set up at the locomotive shops in Roseville, California just for servicing the ML-4000s.
The first order of ML-4000s are referred to as “cab units,” given that they have a fully enclosed car body, similar to that of the F-unit. Following extensive testing SP returned to Krauss-Maffei for an additional fifteen units. Delivered in 1964, they featured the same engines and transmissions but looked very different on the outside. These are referred to as “hood units” because of their hood type bodies.
SP found ML-4000s unsatisfactory in service over the Sierra Nevada mountain range, so they were relegated to service in flat territory throughout California, often paired with F7s or GP9s. The locomotives were fairly reliable, with only one recorded failure. Upon ordering the second batch of ML-4000s, SP also purchased three DH643 diesel-hydraulic locomotives from Alco.
Disposition.
American locomotive technology began to catch up in the late 1960s, and the operation of diesel-hydraulic locomotives, while useful, was no longer justifiable. SP and other railroads had made their horsepower needs known and American builders responded by increasing horsepower on single-engine locomotives. In 1966, SP first ordered the EMD SD40 and SD45 locomotives from EMD. These new EMD locomotives, along with the U30C and U33Cs from General Electric, quickly became the new high horsepower units of choice. In 1967, a deadline of ML-4000 cab units appeared at the Sacramento Locomotive Works. Hood units soon appeared in the deadline, and the first ML-4000s were retired in September of that year. The Pacific Locomotive Association (the organization that operates the Niles Canyon Railway) came to SP with a request of a diesel-hydraulic powered railfan passenger excursion, preferably with a ML-4000 cab unit. However, the cab units were no longer operational, so hood unit number 9120, along with a pair of EMD FP7s powered a series of railfan passenger excursions in the spring of 1967, the only time an ML-4000 was used in passenger service. On February 13, 1968, SP announced the end of its diesel-hydraulic locomotive program. By the end of the year, all ML-4000s had been retired. The trio of ALCO diesel-hydraulics fared slightly better, and were not retired until 1973.
The camera car.
Before the end of 1968, all but one of the ML 4000s were scrapped at Sacramento. The survivor, number 9113 (originally numbered 9010) was converted into a "camera car" between 1968 and 1969 at the Sacramento Locomotive Works. It emerged as SPMW #1, but was later renumbered SPMW 1166 due to SP's traffic computer requiring 4 digits. In June 1969, it was finally renumbered to SP 8799. Its purpose was to record films for a computerized locomotive simulator for engineer training. The most drastic change in appearance was the locomotive's short hood (or "nose"). It was completely rebuilt to house camera equipment and heavy, thick steel was used for collision protection. The front transmission was removed to house a generator to power the camera equipment. The generator drew fuel from the locomotive's original fuel tank. The two engines and rear transmission, though disabled, remained in the engine for weight. All of the controls remained in the cab so that it could control a locomotive pushing behind it, much like a cab car is used on a commuter train. The camera car could be put on the lead of any train, but it mostly made special trips with just one locomotive behind it for power. SP 8799 was based out of SP's West Colton Yard in Southern California until it was retired in 1984.
The Brazilian ML-4000s.
Estrada de Ferro Vitória a Minas of Brazil ordered 16 meter gauge units between 1966 and 1969. They were the most powerful locomotives for use in metric gauge at that time. Although they had problems with traction (they would sometimes slip on the rails, practically burning them), they stayed in service until the 1980s with the arrival of the EMD DDM45.
Preservation.
SP camera car 8799 was donated to the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento in 1986. Initially, the museum removed its nose for the purpose of having a new nose built to replicate the nose that it had while it was a locomotive as part of its plan for restoration. However, that restoration never came. It sat in outdoor storage in a very forlorn state at the Sacramento Locomotive Works until it was sold to the Pacific Locomotive Association (PLA), along with several pieces of rolling stock. They were moved by the Union Pacific Railroad in the summer of 2008 from Sacramento to their interchange with Niles Canyon Railway at Hearst in Sunol, California. The Niles Canyon Railway then transferred it to its Brightside Yard. Its restoration is now underway by volunteers of the PLA. Initial plans call for cosmetic restoration, including building a replica of the locomotive's original nose, and returning the locomotive to its original number, 9010. It will retain its cab controls so that it can be pushed by a locomotive providing power from behind. In the future, one of its two Maybach engines may be made operational.

</doc>
<doc id="19192569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192569" title="Comparison of online backup services">
Comparison of online backup services

This is a comparison of online backup services.
Online backup is a particular kind of file hosting service; however, various products that are designed for file storage may not have features or characteristics that others designed for backup have.
Comparison.
Versioning.
Any changes can be undone, and files can be undeleted.

</doc>
<doc id="19192571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192571" title="Guy Morgan (rugby player)">
Guy Morgan (rugby player)

Guy Morgan (26 December 1907 – 29 July 1973) was a Welsh rugby union player who captained Wales in 1929. He also played cricket for Glamorgan County Cricket Club.
Rugby career.
Morgan was born in Garnant and gained his first international cap playing for Wales Secondary Schools, in a team that contained future Wales full internationals Harry Bowcott and J.D. Bartlett. While at Cambridge University he played for the University rugby team in a Varsity match. Between 1926 and 1929, Morgan won four Blues, and gained his first cap while still at Cambridge, in a game against France at St Helens. It was an incredible debut for Morgan, scoring a try and being prominent in the scoring of four others. By the time he played his third international game in 1929 he was playing for Swansea, and on 2 February that year, at the age of 22, he was captain of his country. He would play just another four games, three more as captain.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19192582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192582" title="Inflatable icons">
Inflatable icons


</doc>
<doc id="19192590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192590" title="1949 college football season">
1949 college football season

The 1949 NCAA football season finished with four teams that were unbeaten and untied-- Notre Dame, Oklahoma, California, and Army had won all their games at season’s end. Notre Dame, however, was the overwhelming choice for national champion in the AP Poll, with 172 of 208 first place votes. The Fighting Irish did not participate in the New Year’s Day bowl games, which were played on January 2, 1950. 
September.
The Associated Press did not poll the writers until the third week of the season. Among the five teams that had been ranked highest in 1948, California opened play on September 17 with a 21-7 win over Santa Clara.
By September 24, most teams were in action. Defending champion Michigan beat visiting Michigan State, 7-3. Notre Dame beat Indiana 49-6. North Carolina beat N.C. State 26-6. California beat St. Mary’s 29-7. The night before, Oklahoma had won at Boston College, 46-0.
October.
On October 1 in Seattle, Notre Dame beat Washington 27-7. Oklahoma beat Texas A&M 33-13, North Carolina beat Georgia 21-14, and Michigan won at Stanford, 27-7. 
When the first poll was issued, Michigan had 34 of the 80 votes cast, followed by Notre Dame and Oklahoma. Tulane University, which had beaten Alabama 28-14 and Georgia Tech 18-0, placed fourth. Minnesota, which had victories over Washington (48-20) and at Nebraska (28-6) was fifth. North Carolina, which had been in the final top five in 1948, was at sixth place.
October 8 #1 Michigan was beaten at home by #7 Army. #2 Notre Dame won at Purdue 35-12. #3 Oklahoma beat Texas in Dallas, 20-14. #4 Tulane beat Southeastern Louisiana 40-0. #5 Minnesota beat Northwestern 21-7.
October 15 In South Bend, #1 Notre Dame beat #4 Tulane 46-7.
October 22 #1 Notre Dame was idle. #2 Army beat Columbia 63-6. #3 Minnesota lost at Michigan, 14-7.
October 29 
In Baltimore, #1 Notre Dame defeated Navy, 40-0. #2 Army (the United States Military Academy) defeated the VMI (the Virginia Military Institute) 40-14. #3 Oklahoma beat Iowa State 34-7. In Los Angeles, #4 California beat UCLA 35-21. #5 Rice beat Texas Tech 28-0 to extend its record to 5-1-0. #6 Michigan, which won at Illinois 13-0, returned to the Top Five with a 4-2-0 record.
November.
November 5
November 12 At Yankee Stadium, #1 Notre Dame beat North Carolina, 42-6. #2 Army had a scare in Philadelphia, edging Penn 14-13. 
November 19 #1 Notre Dame defeated Iowa 28-7. #2 Oklahoma beat Santa Clara 28-21. #3 California defeated Stanford 33-14 to finish its season unbeaten. #4 Army was idle as it prepared for the Army–Navy Game. #5 Michigan was tied by #7 Ohio State, 7-7.
November 26 #1 Notre Dame defeated visiting USC, 32-0.
The final poll was released on November 28, although some colleges had not completed their schedules. On December 3, the national champs, #1 Notre Dame closed a perfect season in Dallas with a 27-20 win over Southern Methodist University (SMU).
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19192608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192608" title="List of English football transfers 2003–04">
List of English football transfers 2003–04

List of English football transfers 2003–04 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19192660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192660" title="Fola Adeola">
Fola Adeola

Tajudeen Afolabi Adeola was born in January 1954 to the Adeola household as the 5th of 17 children. His father worked as a bank clerk to cater for their large family. His mother used to send him and his brothers to the streets to hawk wares to supplement the family income. Despite their very humble backgrounds, they made the time to instil the values of hardwork and integrity into the lives of their children.
Education.
Fola started his education at St Paul's school BreadFruit, Lagos and then completed his secondary school education at Methodist Boys High School, Lagos. He obtained a Diploma in Accounting from Yaba College of Technology in 1975 and became a Chartered Accountant in 1980 following his training with Deloitte, Haskins and Sells and D.O. Dafinone & Company (both Chartered Accountants). Over the years he has received professional development training at notable institutions worldwide including Harvard Business School, INSEAD, and the International Institute for Management Development in Switzerland.
In 1999, Fola completed a one-year sabbatical at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies in Kuru, Jos, Nigeria, where he carried out research on economic development and job creation policies.
Leadership in the Private Sector.
Fola is widely recognized as a maverick in the Nigerian private sector. In 1990, he (together with Tayo Aderinokun) established Guaranty Trust Bank, which he managed as Managing Director/CEO from its inception in 1990 to July 2002, during which he firmly established the institution as a strong and credible bank. Guaranty Trust Bank has grown to become one of Nigeria's largest and most profitable companies. The bank has also expanded beyond Nigeria to other neighbouring African countries (The Gambia, Sierra Leone, Ghana and Liberia) and in United Kingdom. The bank became listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange in 1996. 
In 2002, Fola voluntarily retired from Guaranty Trust Bank, after twelve years, successfully handing over to his deputy, Tayo Aderinokun. Since this time period, Fola has served as the chairman of a range of institutions including UTC, ARM, Lotus Capital, Eterna Oil, CardinalStone Partners Limited, Tafsan Breweries (board member), and Credit Registry Services
Tajudeen Fola Adeola is also the chairman of Main One Cable Company Limited which completed the construction of an open access submarine cable system that spanned 14,000 kilometres and provides international and internet connectivity to countries on the Atlantic Coast from Portugal to Lagos, Nigeria connecting these countries with each other and with the rest of the world which completed in 2010.
Leadership in the Public Sector.
Fola served as Chairman of the National Pension Commission, following the promulgation into law of the Pension Bill (principally authored by him), by the National Assembly of Nigeria. He chaired the Lagos State Disaster Relief Committee which was set up following the January 27, 2002 bomb blast tragedy in Lagos, Nigeria. He was the Vice Presidential candidate of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) serving as running mate to former Economic and Financial Crimes Commission chairman (EFCC) Nuhu Ribadu in the 2011 presidential elections.
Fola was also a member of the National Honours and Awards Committee and was appointed a member of the Governing Council of Lagos State University in November 2004. He served as a member of the Solid Minerals Committee (constituted by the Federal Government) and was the Chairman of Ogun State Development Trust Fund Committee. He was a council member of Lagos State University and until January 17, 2011 served as a council member Olabisi Onabanjo University.
Civil Society Engagement.
Given Fola's commitment to empowering Nigerian youth to create jobs for themselves and others, he established the FATE Foundation in 2000.FATE is a non-governmental organization which is dedicated to encouraging the creation of wealth through entrepreneurship, using an innovative mix of training, mentoring, loan support and consulting to support young Nigerians. To date it has served over 30,000 young Nigerian entrepreneurs, of which over 65% are fully employed by their businesses and are employing on average about four staff.
Through the vision of Fola Adeola, FATE is expanding its offerings to start an innovation centre in Abeokuta. The Institute for Venture Design in close collaboration with the Centre for Design Research at Stanford University is starting a new kind of entrepreneurship program focused on engineering, technology, and innovation with a goal to boost development of industry in Nigeria.
Fola has also engaged in many forms of philanthropy and has donated generously to many not for profits causes and religious organizations. Internationally, Fola served as a member of the Global Advisory Committee on Philanthropy of the World Economic Forum for 4 years. In 2001, Fola was invited to join twenty-four other business leaders for the Aspen Institute ISIB Annual Business Leaders Dialogue in Aspen, Colorado. In May 2004, Fola was appointed Commissioner on the Commission for Africa by the British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Fola was a Council member, and is Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria; Fellow of the Institute of Directors of Nigeria.
Honours and Awards.
He was nationally decorated as Officer of the Order of the Federal Republic (OFR) in December 2002 by President Olusegun Obasanjo. He has an honorary doctorate from Nkumba University, Ntebbe, Uganda. Banker of the Decade in 2009 by the Vanguard Newspaper group. Distinguished Famous Alumni award by Yaba Tech.
Zik Leadership in 2003. This Day Awards 2011 - Change Makers in Social Entrepreneurship
Family Life.
Fola is married to Hajara, and has six children.

</doc>
<doc id="19192661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192661" title="Church of St. Mary and All Saints, Bingham">
Church of St. Mary and All Saints, Bingham

The Church of St. Mary and All Saints, Bingham, is a parish church in the Church of England in Bingham, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval. It was restored by George Gilbert Scott in 1845 and 1846 with further work by W. D. Caroe in 1912.
Features.
The lychgate of 1881 was designed by George Francis Miles, son of Revd Robert Miles, Rector.
Bells.
There are eight bells in the tower. The largest is 15.5 cwt.
Organ.
An organ was installed in 1859 built by Bryceson and Son of London. It was opened on Thursday 15 September 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="19192667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192667" title="Love, Blactually">
Love, Blactually

"Love, Blactually" is the first episode of the seventh season of the animated comedy series "Family Guy". It originally aired on Fox in the United States on September 28, 2008. The episode features anthropomorphic dog Brian (voiced by the shows creator, Seth MacFarlane), after he meets a fellow atheist named Carolyn (Kat Foster) at a book store, and the two begin dating. Heeding advice from Stewie (also voiced by MacFarlane), Brian decides not to have sex with her. Carolyn is led to believe that Brian does not want a substantive relationship, so begins to date Cleveland (Mike Henry).
The episode was written by Henry, and directed by Cyndi Tang. It received mixed reviews from critics for its storyline. According to Nielsen ratings, it was watched by 9.2 million viewers in its original airing. The episode featured guest performances by Foster and Meredith Baxter, along with several recurring voice actors from the series. "Love, Blactually" was released on DVD along with eight other episodes from the season on June 16, 2009.
Plot.
During a costume party, Lois suggests that Brian find a girlfriend. After going to the bookstore to buy "The God Delusion", Brian meets an atheist named Carolyn, who happens to be looking for the same book. Brian becomes interested in Carolyn, and the two begin to date. When she invites him to her house, Stewie apprehends Brian and tells him that his relationships fail because he has sex with his girlfriends immediately when they meet. Brian realizes that Stewie is right and decides to listen to his advice. However, he finds out that Carolyn has began to date Cleveland, since Brian did not want to have sex for the three weeks they have dated. A heartbroken Brian tries to deal with his loss, but keeps running into Cleveland and Carolyn having sex in various locations. Blaming Stewie for his advice that cost him a relationship with Carolyn, Brian is about ready to give up on love. Apologizing for his actions, Stewie suggests that he can convince Cleveland's ex-wife, Loretta, to reconcile with him.
The two visit Loretta in her own room and find out that she feels guilty for cheating on him with Quagmire. Brian feels uncertain that he should carry out this plan, but Cleveland announces plans to elope with Carolyn in Hawaii, which makes their friendship tense. Realizing that Loretta my be his only hope to get Carolyn back, Brian asks for her help and she agrees to help him. She invites Cleveland to meet her at her hotel room, asking him to let her explain herself and he can forgive her for her adulterous affair. Thinking Brian is up to no good, Peter recruits Quagmire to have sex with Loretta just to keep Cleveland and Carolyn together. Quagmire meets her at the hotel, but this time, Loretta resisted his advances and tells him to leave. When Cleveland shows up to her hotel room, Loretta apologizes for her actions and tells her former husband that she wants to start a new life with him. Cleveland forgives her, but insists that the both of them move on. Loretta finally agrees to move on without him. When Cleveland visits Carolyn, he finds her and Quagmire having sex. Since both Brian and Cleveland have been cheated on by the same woman, Cleveland apologizes to him for stealing Carolyn and they make amends.
Production.
"Love, Blactually" is the season premiere of the seventh season of "Family Guy". It was written by one of the show's main voice actors Mike Henry, in his first episode of the season. The episode dealt a lot with the character of Cleveland Brown, which is one of the characters that Henry provides the voice for. The episode was directed by Cyndi Tang, who has been with the show since its fifth season. Series regulars Peter Shin and James Purdum served as supervising directors for the episode. The episode is one of the last to concentrate on the character of Cleveland, since he would be moved to "The Cleveland Show" (which Henry co-created).
"Love, Blactually", along with the first eight episodes of the seventh season were released on DVD by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in the United States and Canada on June 16, 2009, one month after it had completed broadcast on television. The "Volume 7" DVD release features bonus material including deleted scenes, animatics, and commentaries for every episode.
In addition to the regular cast, actress Kat Foster portrayed the voice of Carolyn, and actress Meredith Baxter portrayed herself. Recurring voice actors Ralph Garman, writer Danny Smith, writer Alec Sulkin, and writer John Viener also made minor appearances. Then-series writer and regular voice actress Alex Borstein portrayed the voice of Loretta Brown.
Cultural references.
The episode begins with a costume party, where Brian and Stewie are both dressed as Snoopy from "Peanuts", Quagmire dresses up as Napoleon Dynamite, Peter as Laura Bush, Lois as Michael Dutton Douglas, Joe as Mark Spitz (although people believe he is a crippled Thomas Magnum), and Cleveland as Charlie Chaplin. Woodstock, another character from "Peanuts" also makes a cameo appearance. The popular conversation between Stewie and Brian which draws attention to a hard "h" consonant sound is directly sourced from dialogue within the film "Hot Rod". Stewie finds a book entitled "Horton Hears Domestic Violence in the Next Apartment and Doesn't Call 911!", a parody of "Horton Hears a Who!" Cleveland's deadpan exclamation of "...and boom goes the dynamite" is a reference to the popular catchphrase which became an Internet sensation. Cleveland and Carolyn meet at a Starbucks. Peter doesn't remember the name of Cleveland's ex-wife (Loretta) and he guesses that it's Jennifer Hudson. When Brian lies and says that he thinks Loretta is beautiful and that her personality is only slightly abrasive his nose grows, which is a reference to a scene in the film "Airplane!", which in turn is a reference to Pinocchio. When the family is mediating with Cleveland on whether or not to get back with Loretta, Peter accuses Brian of pushing Cleveland back with Loretta just so he himself could have Carolyn, and Peter says, "You know, Brian, sometimes I don't believe I know you," in a low and harsh tone; this is a quote from "The Sound of Music", where Captain Von Trapp utters the same thing to Max Detweiler in response to his indifference to the Nazi invasion of Austria.
The title is a reference to the British romantic comedy film "Love Actually".
Reception.
The episode was watched by 9.2 million viewers, compared to 9.3 million that tuned in to "The Simpsons" and 7 million that watched "King of the Hill" for their season openers on Fox. The episode received positive reviews. Ahsan Haque of IGN praised "Love, Blactually", writing that it had "many memorable scenes, quote-worthy dialogue, politically incorrect references, and great storyline". He graded the episode 8.9 out of 10. Steve Heisler of The A.V. Club wrote that the episode was "pretty funny overall" with "some great meta-commentary", and graded it B+. In contrast Robin Pierson of The TV Critic also gave the episode a negative review, saying that "Family Guy" has become like the shows it mocked in its earlier seasons and he ended his review by stating that it has become "predictable, stale and irritating to watch" and he gave it a 29 out of a possible 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19192676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192676" title="Jean-Pierre Willem">
Jean-Pierre Willem

Jean-Pierre Willem, born 24 May 1938 at Sedan, France, is a physician and founder of Médecins Aux Pieds Nus. He led numerous humanitarian missions to help victims of catastrophes and conflicts. Willem also was a doctor of medicine and president of Organic Union International.
Biography.
In 1959, Jean-Pierre Willem coorganised the departure of 93 medical students to help local population during the Algerian War.
In 1964, Dr Jean-Pierre Willem was missioned six months with Doctor Albert Schweitzer in Lambaréné (Gabon) and then in Rwanda.
In 1977, he worked with Bernard Kouchner for Médecins Sans Frontières and went to Laos during 7 months. 
In 1986, he created the "Faculté Libre de Médecine Naturelle et d'Ethnomédecine" (nicknamed FLMNE), a free faculty of natural medicine at La Sorbonne.
In 1987, he founded a non-profit organisation called "Médecins Aux Pieds Nus", translatable as "Barefoot doctors". 
Willem met several humanitarian people during his life, such as Che Guevara, Abbé Pierre, Sœur Emmanuelle, Jean-Paul Belmondo and Mother Teresa.
Willem co-founded the phyto-hormones selling company Aromalia. He collaborated with André Gernez as President of Organic Union International in 2007.
Experiments.
Experiments on rats or rabbits shows :
Bibliography.
Here is a non-exhaustive list of the books published by Doctor Jean-Pierre Willem:

</doc>
<doc id="19192709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192709" title="Sarov, Azerbaijan">
Sarov, Azerbaijan

Sarov, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19192722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192722" title="Bronco Lane">
Bronco Lane

Major Michael Patrick 'Bronco' Lane, MM, BEM (born 1945) is a former British Army officer and author, known for his climbing expeditions which led to his summiting Mount Everest in 1976.
Background.
Born in 1945 in Manchester, Lane attended the Ullswater Outward Bound School in 1960 and joined Junior Leaders Royal Artillery in 1961. He volunteered for service in the 7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery in 1964 and was selected for the Special Air Service in 1967. He fought in the Aden Emergency, Oman and in Northern Ireland where he was awarded the Military Medal.
Mountaineering.
Bronco joined the Army Mountaineering Association (AMA) in 1968 and took part in AMA expeditions to the Canadian Arctic in 1972, Indian Himalayas in 1973, Nuptse, Nepal in 1975. 1976 saw him joining a joint British-Nepalese Army expedition to Everest under the command of Lt. Col Tony Streather. The expedition succeeded in putting Lane and fellow SAS colleague Brummie Stokes on the summit on May 16. After summiting Lane and Stokes were caught by bad weather and were forced to abandon their descent. The pair bivouacked in a snow hole near the South Summit for the night. Stokes tried and failed to attach an oxygen bottle to his face-mask. Lane had to remove his glove to attach the bottle but after an hour his hand was frozen. After the night in the open both men's feet were badly frostbitten. Back home in England doctors attempted to save the men's toes but the condition of their feet deteriorated in the summer heat. Eventually he felt a tingling sensation in his foot and after removing his dressing found maggots in one of his toes which he removed with a cocktail stick. Lane lost his toes as well as the thumb and top halves of his fingers on his right hand.
He continued mountaineering, climbing in the Canadian Rockies in 1978-9 and Mount Kenya in 1983. In 1984 he led an expedition to Everest Tibet and was deputy leader of the Joint Services Everest Nepal 1992. He has also been involved with several Antarctica expeditions.
Bronco's digits.
Lane had his five fingers and 10 toes preserved in formaldehyde and kept them behind the regimental mess. When the National Army Museum approached him seeking items to commemorate his climb in 1976 Lane presented them with his severed digits together with an ice axe he used during his climb. Lane stated at the time that "I don't think it was quite what they were expecting...but I haven't got any use for them any more and I thought it would be nice to see them exhibited." The toes were not in good enough condition to be exhibited but the fingers were placed on display on a wooden plinth.

</doc>
<doc id="19192734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192734" title="List of shipwrecks of Isle Royale">
List of shipwrecks of Isle Royale

The List of shipwrecks of Isle Royale includes more than 25 ships that have been sunk near Isle Royale in Lake Superior (North America). Isle Royale has been an obstacle to shipping on Lake Superior since the earliest days.
Upon its reefs, more than 25 major wrecks have occurred. Some were refloated, but most never left.
Early wrecks.
Still to be found beneath the waves of Lake Superior are the wooden sidewheeler, "Cumberland" (1877); bulk freighter, "Chester Congdon" (1918); and the first Canadian wheat packet, "Emperor" (1947). Earlier, the "Kamloops" which "went missing" in 1927 was found on the northern shore of the island in 1977.
The earliest recorded wrecks were the "Madeline" (1839) and the "Siskiwit" (1840) of the American Fur Company. Many smaller French "ships" were reported upon Lake Superior in the 18th century, which were gone before the English arrival in 1763. Along the north shore of the lake, the most celebrated wreck is that of the "America" which served as a connection between Isle Royale and the mainland and was a highway from Duluth, Minnesota to Port Arthur, Ontario.
The 3 C's of Isle Royale.
To the west and south of Isle Royale is the Rock of Ages Lighthouse. Built in 1908, the light has provided the ships of Lake Superior with assurances that the Rock of Ages reef would be found by the captain, before the reef found the ship. But that was too late or too little for the three residents lying atop the reef. 
The Passenger Steamer "Cumberland" had spent 21–23 July 1877 aground on a bar near Nipigon, Ontario, just prior to heading out into the clear lake from Thunder Bay. She was headed to Duluth, running in clear weather with a light breeze out of the south, when she ran hard upon the reef. A salvage crew tried to float the ship off the reef, but gave up when the weather turned sour in early August. The 'elements' of the lake have left only scattered sections of her hull, sidewheel and anchor from deep on the Rock of Ages Reef. 
Nearby to the southwest lies the "Henry Chisholm". Sunday, October 1898 she was headed east towards the Soo when her tow separated in a storm north of Copper Harbor, Michigan. On the morning of the 20th, while preparing to begin a search of the Isle Royale harbors for the tow "Martin", the "Chisholm" ran hard atop the reef. So badly damaged was the hull that the salvage crew estimated that it would take 8–10 pumps to lower the water in the hold. With bad weather expected at anytime, it was abandoned to the lake. Today, she rests amongst the remains of the "Cumberland", the steam engine being the identifiable remains. 
To the east lies the "George M. Cox". It was on the night of May 28, 1933 that the "Cox" struck the reef in a heavy fog. The "Cox" had been headed for Fort William and was making a good 10 statute miles per hour (16 km/h) in a calm lake when she struck. The impact was so great that the boilers ripped loose. The craft then settled onto the reef with a 90-degree tilt. Many pictures have been seen of the "Cox", with its bow standing high out of the water, and the stern lapped by the waves. Again, the damage exceeded the ability of salvagers to remove her from the grave. 
Each of these ships can still be visited by divers who brave the temperatures.
The "America".
"STEAMER IS SUNK WHEN IT STRIKES ISLE ROYALE REEF" 
"All aboard are Rescued; Few Details of Accident are Given. Duluth, Minn. June 7 (AP) An old passenger steamer, the AMERICA, is lying on the bottom of Lake Superior tonight under 17 fathoms m, of water. Its crew and passengers, about 45 in all, were taken off Isle Royale tonight, where they went when the ship sank this morning."   --"Houghton Mining Gazette" (June 8, 1928)
The "America" was built in Detroit by a Michigan City, Indiana and Detroit, Michigan partnership for excursion trips between Michigan City and Chicago, Illinois. Only three years later, in 1901, the "America" was operating on Lake Erie, when Alfred Booth of A. Booth Co. of Chicago began to negotiate for ownership of this modern and fast ship () for the North Shore route out of Duluth, Minnesota. On April 26, 1902, the "America" left her berth on the lower lakes for a final home on Lake Superior. 
Capt. "Fog King" Hector became her first captain on Superior. Capt. Hector began his days on Lake Superior at 17 in 1863 operating a small fishing operation. The "Fog King" was completely familiar with the north shore. He was seldom late on his run, regardless of the weather. Most of the "America's" problems in those years came from its need to enter civilization. In 1902, it collided with the Duluth Ship Canal; in 1904, the anchor from a bulk freighter ripped through the upper staterooms while berthed next to a grain terminal in Duluth, and in 1910, another ship was struck by the "America" rendering major damage to both. It was this collision, which allowed the "America" to be repaired and enlarged from its original 486 tons to 937 tons. 
The only major incident during Capt. Hector's tenure took place off the Susie Islands. On June 10, 1907, the "America" had just stopped to drop off supplies at either Grand Portage or the old Parkerville dock in the Susie Islands. As the crew was putting the final packages into place, a new 2nd Porter, Harvey Holler (16 years old), stepped backwards and out the open gangway. The crewmembers never saw him again, despite their attempts to search the waters.
The year 1911 saw the newly lengthened "America" traveling up the North Shore with a new captain. Capt. Edward C. "Indian" Smith was to be the final captain of the ship. Capt. Smith had worked the other Booth boat, "Hiram R. Dixon", and the under Hector on the "America". It was said that on the foggiest days, you would hear the ship's whistle and know to head to the rendezvous point. Standing in your small skiff, unable to see more than 15 or 20 feet, you would wait for the "America". Then from the fog would come the bow, and the "America" would come to rest alongside your skiff with barely a ripple. And no sooner had it come to rest, than the engines would pound and the "America" would slip back into the fog, headed for the next meeting along the shore.
Capt. Smith only once in the first 14 years brought the "America" to a problem. In 1914, she ran aground on Fisherman's Point in Two Harbors. This time, the damage was minor, compared to the rock Capt. Hector found in Burlington Harbor (Two Harbors) in 1909. The last few years found the "America" stuck upon a reef or bar each year. On May 28, 1925, she went aground on Scott's Point in Colville. The following year, she went aground in the Kaministiquia River at Fort William, Ontario. And on July 21, 1927, she rammed into a tug at Port Arthur. Each time, the damage was greater and the repairs more expensive.
On June 6, 1928, the "America" steamed through the Duluth Ship Canal. Later that day, she landed in Grand Marais after making the routine stops along the coast. After clearing cargo and passengers, the "America" rounded the breakwall heading for Isle Royale. Apparently, the routine was to continue north along the shore and return through Isle Royale, stopping at the fish houses before returning to Duluth.
But on this night, the "America" was carrying several passengers bound for Washington Island. At 3 a.m. on June 7, she nosed out of the Singer Hotel Dock on Washington Island. Heading for North Gap and open water, the Captain retired and let First Mate Wicks and a helmsman take the watch. Within minutes, the ship bumped over a reef, puncturing holes in the single bottom. Returning to the bridge, where the mate was signaling the alarm to the crew and passenger, Capt. Smith ordered the helmsman, Fred Nelson, to head towards a gravel beach before the ship floundered and lost headway. 
Thirty yards off the beach, the "America" hit another reef and came to an abrupt halt. Meanwhile the crew in the engine room greased the engine to prevent rust and improve salvage and the topside crew began to move the passengers to the lifeboats. Within an hour and a half of leaving Washington Island, the crew and passengers were on their way back in lifeboats. They met a small fleet of fishing boats coming to the sound of the whistle.
The "America" came to rest with the bow standing out of the water and the stern and midships reaching into the depths. A. Booth and Sons elected not to salvage the "America", probably due to the completion of Minnesota Trunk Route I (US 61). The new road cut the cost of transportation along the shore making it unprofitable to operate a ship. The next year in September, 1929, Capt. Cornelius Flynn of the Duluth Salvage Company bought the rights to the "America". The winter of '28–29 had done minor damage to the upper cabins. But before he could get a crew to the site, winter set in and kept them at home. The following spring, the ice had sheared off the cabins at the waterline. The decrease in weight and the upward pressure of the ice floated the wreck and it settled beneath the surface. Today, it can be seen below the water.
"Frank Rockefeller".
On the night of November 3, 1905, the "Frank Rockefeller" ran aground in Rainbow Cove during a blizzard. The very next day, a salvage crew was on the way to float her free. She continued in service hauling many bulk products until 1969. At that time, she was retired by her owners who called her the , a whaleback designed ship now on display in Superior, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="19192740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192740" title="Katherine Vaz">
Katherine Vaz

Katherine Vaz (born August 26, 1955) is an American writer. A Briggs-Copeland Fellow in Fiction at Harvard University (2003-9), a 2006-7 Fellow of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, and the Fall, 2012 Harman Fellow at Baruch College in New York, she is the author of the critically acclaimed novel Saudade (St. Martin’s Press, 1994), the first contemporary novel about Portuguese-Americans from a major New York publisher. It was optioned by Marlee Matlin/Solo One Productions and selected in the Barnes & Nobles Discover Great New Writers series. 
Her second novel, "Mariana," (HarperCollins, 1997), was selected by the Library of Congress as one of the Top 30 International Books of 1998 and has been translated into six languages. 
Vaz's first short story collection "Fado & Other Stories" received the 1997 Drue Heinz Literature Prize and her second collection, "Our Lady of the Artichokes", won the 2007 Prairie Schooner Book Prize.
Vaz is a recipient of a Literature Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts (1993) and the Davis Humanities Institute Fellowship (1999). She has been named by the "Luso-Americano" as one of the Top 50 Luso-Americanos of the twentieth century and is the first Portuguese-American to have her work recorded for the Library of Congress, housed in the Hispanic Division. The Portuguese-American Women’s Association (PAWA) named her 2003 Woman of the Year. She was appointed to the six-person U.S. Presidential Delegation to open the American Pavilion at the World’s Fair/Expo 98 in Lisbon. She lives in New York City and the Springs area of East Hampton with Christopher Cerf.
References.
1. http://www.radcliffe.edu/print/fellowships/fellows_2007kvaz.htm
2. http://www.barnesandnoble.com/awards/index.asp?pid=17967
3. http://www.upress.pitt.edu/renderhtmlpage.aspx?srchtml=htmlsourcefiles/drueheinz.htm#1
4. http://prairieschooner.unl.edu/?q=our-lady-artichokes-and-other-portuguese-american-stories
5. http://www.nea.gov/pub/nea_lit.pdf
6. http://www.portstudies.umassd.edu/activities/events/events2009/0911032.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19192745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192745" title="Tadeusz Kruszelnicki">
Tadeusz Kruszelnicki

Tadeusz Kruszelnicki (born August 19, 1955 in Gliwice) is a professional wheelchair tennis player from Poland. Currently residing in Ziębice, Kruszelnicki has been ranked as high as World Number 3 in singles on April 10, 2006, and World Number 5 on June 23, 2003 in the wheelchair rankings. He has represented his country at every Summer Paralympics since 1996, and has competed in both singles and doubles at all of those Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19192751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192751" title="Beatlesongs">
Beatlesongs

Beatlesongs was the name of a 1982 compilation album released by Rhino Records, containing novelty songs and parodies of the music of The Beatles. The original cover caused a controversy because the cover featured a caricature of Mark David Chapman, the man who murdered group member John Lennon, less than two years earlier. Chapman is pictured on the far left of the cover holding the end of the banner.

</doc>
<doc id="19192755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192755" title="Beta Coronae Australis">
Beta Coronae Australis

Beta Coronae Australis (Beta CrA, β Coronae Australis, β CrA) is a K-type bright giant star in the constellation of Corona Australis. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 4.117.

</doc>
<doc id="19192758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192758" title="Emmanuel, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Emmanuel, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Emmanuel of Anhalt-Köthen (Plötzkau, 6 October 1631 – Köthen, 8 November 1670), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Plötzkau. From 1665, he was ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the third and youngest son of Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Plötzkau, by his wife Sibylle, daughter of John George I, Count of Solms-Laubach.
Life.
In 1653, after the death of his father, Emmanuel inherited Plötzkau jointly with his older brothers Ernest Gottlieb and Lebrecht. They also had the responsibility of acting as regents over Anhalt-Köthen on behalf of the infant Prince William Louis. In practice, it was Emmanuel and Lebrecht who exercised the regency while Ernest Gottlieb remained as sole ruler of Plötzkau for only seven months until his own death, after which Emmanuel and Lebrecht served as co-rulers. Their regency over Köthen lasted until 1659, when William Louis was proclaimed of age and began his own government over the principality.
The death of William Louis in 1665 without heirs changed the distribution of the existing Anhalt principalities: Emmanuel and Lebrecht received Köthen, and their former principality of Plötzkau was returned to Anhalt-Bernburg, from which it was originally extracted.
The death of Lebrecht without heirs in 1669 left Emmanuel as sole ruler of Anhalt-Köthen until his death, almost exactly one year later.
Marriage and issue.
In Ilsenburg on 23 March 1670 Emmanuel married Anna Eleonore (b. Ilsenburg, 26 March 1651 - d. Köthen, 27 January 1690), daughter of Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg-Wernigerode and niece of Sophie Ursula, the widow of his brother Lebrecht.
On Emmanuel's death, his wife was three months pregnant. She was declared regent over Köthen until the birth of the child; if she had a boy, he could succeed his father, but, in case was a girl, the other principalities would divide the Köthen lands.
On 20 May 1671, six months after the death of her husband, the Dowager Princess Anna Eleonore gave birth to a son, named Emmanuel Lebrecht, who immediately became the new ruler of Anhalt-Köthen under the regency of his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="19192760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192760" title="Let's Make Music">
Let's Make Music

"Let's Make Music" is a 1941 musical starring Bob Crosby and written by Nathanael West. The songs in "Let's Make Music" include the classic "Big Noise from Winnetka".
Development.
In April 1940 Nathanael West, then a contract writer at RKO Pictures, was asked to work on a script, tentatively named "Malvina Swings It", which writer Charles Roberts failed to complete satisfactorily. After working on the screenplay for almost ten nonconsecutive weeks, West had turned it into "Let's Make Music", which hoped to benefit from Bob Crosby's popularity. The rewriting was so significant West received solo screenwriting credit.
Plot.
Newton High music teacher Malvina Adams (Risdon) is asked to retire since attendance in her classes keeps dropping each year. Trying to prove she's still got it, Adams composes a school fight song which finds its way into the hands of bandleader Bob Crosby (playing himself) who turns it into an overnight hit. Though her niece Abby (Rogers) protests, Malvina travels to New York to perform her song with Bob's band, while her niece falls for the bandleader. The newness of the song fades quickly though, and Malvina tries to write one more hit song before finally giving up and returning to Newton. 
Reception.
The reviewer from "The New York Times" commented that, "no doubt worse movies have been made," but was at a loss to name any. The "Film Daily" critic called it, "a picture for all situations, ages, and types, although it is conceivable that some inflexible devotees of classical music may be holdouts, and term it esthetically 'gross.' But it's plenty gross for the box offices."

</doc>
<doc id="19192784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192784" title="Edwin Harrison">
Edwin Harrison

Edwin Charles Harrison (born November 18, 1984 in Houston, Texas) is a gridiron football guard for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Colorado.
Personal.
Harrison is the grandson of former Outland Trophy winner and CFL offensive lineman Cal Jones, who was one of five players from the 1956 East-West All-Star Game killed when their Vancouver to Calgary plane, Trans-Canada Air Lines Flight 810, crashed into Slesse Mountain, killing all 62 people aboard. Harrison's search to learn more about the life and death of his grandfather and his family history is at the centre of the 2012 documentary "The Crash of Flight 810", part of TSN's "Engraved on a Nation" series of eight documentaries celebrating the 100th Grey Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19192791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192791" title="Ulrich Kirchhoff">
Ulrich Kirchhoff

Ulrich Kirchhoff (born 9 August 1967 in Lohne) is a German show jumping champion, Olympic champion from 1996.
Olympic Record.
Kirchhoff participated at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where he won a gold medal in Individual Jumping. At the same Olympics he also received a gold medal in Team jumping, together with Franke Sloothaak, Lars Nieberg and Ludger Beerbaum.

</doc>
<doc id="19192797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192797" title="Derek Lokey">
Derek Lokey

Derek Ray Lokey (born November 25, 1985 in Nacogdoches, Texas) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19192802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192802" title="Christopher Yavelow">
Christopher Yavelow

Christopher Yavelow (born 14 June 1950, Cambridge, Massachusetts), the son of a film professor and visual artist, is a composer and proponent of computer assisted composition.
He studied composition and theory at Boston University (BM 1972, MM 1974), Harvard University (MFA 1977), the Franz Liszt Academy in Hungary (1977–78), the Darmstadt Ferienkurse in Germany, the Conservatoire Darius Milhaud in Aix-en-Provence, and L'ecole Normale de Musique in Paris where he also studied with Nadia Boulanger (1978–1979).
Yavelow has taught music composition and theory at Harvard (teaching fellow, 1975–77), the Paris-American Academy (1978–79), the University of Texas (at Dallas, 1983–84), and Claremont Graduate University (1988-93). He was Chairman of the Department of Music at Schiller International University from 1979 to 1980. Currently, he teaches at the University of Maryland University College (from 2008).
Major works include his grand opera, "The Passion of Vincent van Gogh" commissioned by the National Endowment for the Arts in 1981 and performed by the University of Texas in 1984. The National Institute of Music Theater sponsored his chamber opera, "Countdown" (1987), as part of their “Opera in the Eighties and Beyond” program on behalf of the Boston Lyric Opera. "Countdown" is the first computer-assisted opera, the first opera performance accompanied by a virtual orchestra (February 12, 1987, by the Boston Lyric Opera), and the first opera in cyberspace (1994).
Throughout the 1980s, Yavelow published many articles on computer music for Byte Magazine, Computer Music Journal, Electronic Musician, Macromedia Journal, Macworld, and New Media Magazine. His "Macworld Music and Sound Bible" was IDG's first "Bible" book (1992), and also won the Computer Press Association Award (1992). The book and its Japanese translation were well received by music educators and the entertainment industry. Yavelow went on to author or co-author nearly a dozen books, mainly on music and multimedia. From 1995 through 1999, he was the editor of A-R Editions' "Computer Music and Digital Audio" book series.

</doc>
<doc id="19192816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192816" title="Gansi caecilian">
Gansi caecilian

Uraeotyphlus gansi is a rare species of caecilian, endemic to the Western Ghats of India. It was discovered in the Kaakkaachi-Naalumukku area of the Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve. "U. gansi" was named after Carl Gans, a renowned herpetologist from Texas.
According to Albert Rajendran, Research Department of Zoology, St. John’s College, Palayamkottai, spotted the species, along with his collaborator David J. Gower of the Natural History Museum, London, and two other experts in caecilians. He came across these limbless amphibians in the Kaakkaachi-Naalumukku areas with precise locality during his study of the burrowing uropeltid (shield-tailed) snakes of the Western Ghats.

</doc>
<doc id="19192848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192848" title="St. Peter and Paul Church, Luxembourg">
St. Peter and Paul Church, Luxembourg

Church of the Saints Peter and Paul is the first Russian Orthodox Church in Luxembourg. It is under the jurisdiction of the Western European Diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia.
History.
In 1975, with the permission of the local authorities has been obtained a plot of land. In 1979 Archbishop laid the first stone of the church.
The temple was consecrated on July 12, 1982 in honor of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul. The first and still active priest is Sergey Pukh.

</doc>
<doc id="19192859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192859" title="The Evil Jeanius">
The Evil Jeanius

The Evil Jeanius is an album by Blue Sky Black Death and Jean Grae. It was released on 30 September 2008.
The album is produced entirely by Blue Sky Black Death, with vocals provided by Jean Grae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19192876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192876" title="Organized (album)">
Organized (album)

Organized is the only solo album by Morgan Nicholls, released in 2000. "Miss Parker", "Soul Searching", "Flying High" and "Sitting in the Sun" were also released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19192890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192890" title="Dorothy Gaiter and John Brecher">
Dorothy Gaiter and John Brecher

Dorothy J. Gaiter and John Brecher are American journalists, authors and wine critics, wife and husband who jointly wrote a wine column in "The Wall Street Journal" titled "Tastings" between 1998-2009. They rated wines on a scale that ranges from ""Yech"", ""OK"", ""Good"", ""Very Good"", ""Delicious"" to ""Delicious!"". Their careers began simultaneously and have remained connected since their first meeting in the newsroom of "The Miami Herald" in 1973.
Final "Tastings" column.
Gaiter and Brecher announced at the end of their December 26, 2009 "Tastings" column in "The Wall Street Journal" that it would be their last. No reason was given, and no hint was provided as to what the couple would do in the future. The writers who later succeeded them as "The Wall Street Journal" wine columnists were Jay McInerney, Lettie Teague and Will Lyons.
In 2011, in an interview with the Jacksonville Wine Guide, Gaiter and Brecher said that they "took the year off" in 2010—their first significant break from work in 36 years—and were undecided as to their next project.
Open That Bottle Night.
In the late 1990s, Gaiter and Brecher invented the annual "Open That Bottle Night" (OTBN), encouraging their readers to open a symbolically significant bottle, and then share their stories. Since its inauguration in 2000, the event is always scheduled for the last Saturday in February, so the date may range from February 22 to 29.
Books.
Among their published books are "Love by the Glass: Tasting Notes from a Marriage" (2003), "Wine for Every Day and Every Occasion" (2004) and several editions of "The Wall Street Journal Guide to Wine".

</doc>
<doc id="19192893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192893" title="Wycliffe and the Redhead">
Wycliffe and the Redhead

Wycliffe and the Redhead (1997) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
Simon Meagor, a lonely bookseller and divorcee, ends up falling for pretty redhead Morwenna, whose father killed himself as a result of Simon's testimony in a murder trial several years ago. Initially horrified by the young woman's application for a job in his shop, he reluctantly accepts and, mesmerised by her charms, remains oblivious as she steadily manipulates her way into every corner of his life, before mysteriously disappearing.
Her body eventually shows up in a flooded quarry and police suspect suicide, especially after the discovery that she was suffering from a fatal illness, but soon all the evidence begins pointing towards foul play and Simon becomes prime suspect. Furthermore, Wycliffe finds himself immersed in a sea of dark and murky secrets from the past...

</doc>
<doc id="19192901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192901" title="Southern Oregon Raiders football, 1927–31">
Southern Oregon Raiders football, 1927–31

Southern Oregon University fielded its first football team in 1927. That season, playing as the Southern Oregon Normal School, was the first of only two undefeated and untied seasons in school history.
1927.
</table>
1928.
</table>
1929.
</table>
1930.
</table>
1931.
</table>
† Homecoming

</doc>
<doc id="19192911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192911" title="To the Edge of the Earth">
To the Edge of the Earth

To the Edge of the Earth is a Wal-Mart exclusive EP by Thirty Seconds to Mars, published in 2008, which includes a CD/DVD combo made with only environmentally friendly material.
It should not be confused with the single "Edge of the Earth" from the band's debut album "30 Seconds to Mars".
Music video.
According to EMI Japan, the video for "A Beautiful Lie" was going to be shot in both Alaska and the North Pole. Jared Leto then moved the video to Greenland and the band has started shooting since August 29, 2007. Jared has said that the video will be environmentally safe and for every download of the video, a donation will go to an environmental charity. Jared Leto has said on an over-the-phone interview with 99X in Atlanta that the video will be like a short film and a documentary.
On January 28 it was aired through Myspace and is soon to be aired on MTV. The video is showing the importance of global warming. The video was directed by Leto, under the alias of Angakok Panipaq. It features hidden messages and a support website abeautifullie.org.
The music video has recently been shown through Rock Sound Magazines website and MySpaceTV.
The Rock Sound article can be found online.
The video is a montage of images of the Greenland environment interwoven with scenes of the band playing on the edge of an iceberg, and has the slight feel of a documentary. Only the three remaining members of the band feature in the video, touring bassist Tim Kelleher does not make an appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="19192913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192913" title="Mihaela Stănuleţ">
Mihaela Stănuleţ

Mihaela Stănuleţ (b. July 5, 1966 in Sibiu, Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast, who competed in international events between 1979 and 1984. She is an Olympic gold medalist and a world silver medalist with the team. Individually, she is a European bronze medalist on beam. She also placed fourth on the uneven bars final at the 1984 Olympic Games. After retiring from gymnastics she became a coach at CSS Sibiu Gym. She coached several generations of young gymnasts among which junior Steliana Nistor.

</doc>
<doc id="19192934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192934" title="Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway">
Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway

The Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway (GNP&BR), also known as the Piccadilly tube, was a railway company established in 1902 that constructed a deep-level underground "tube" railway in London. The GNP&BR was formed through a merger of two older companies, the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway (B&PCR) and the Great Northern and Strand Railway (GN&SR). It also incorporated part of a tube route planned by a third company, the Metropolitan District Railway (MDR). The combined company was a subsidiary of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL).
The B&PCR and the GN&SR were established in 1896 and 1898 respectively, but construction of both railways was delayed while funding was sought. In 1902 the UERL, which already controlled the MDR, took control of both companies and quickly raised the funds, mainly from foreign investors. A number of different routes were planned, but most were rejected by Parliament.
When it opened in 1906, the GNP&BR's line served 22 stations and ran for between its western terminus at Hammersmith and its northern terminus at Finsbury Park. A short branch connected Holborn to the Strand. Most of the route was in a pair of tunnels, with at the western end constructed above ground. Within the first year of opening it became apparent to the management and investors that the estimated passenger numbers for the GNP&BR and the other UERL lines were over-optimistic. Despite improved integration and cooperation with the other tube railways, the GNP&BR struggled financially. In 1933 it and the rest of the UERL were taken into public ownership. Today, the GNP&BR's tunnels and stations form the core central section of the London Underground's Piccadilly line.
Establishment.
Origins.
Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway, 1896.
In November 1896 notice was published that a private bill was to be presented to Parliament for the construction of the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway (B&PCR). The line was planned to run entirely underground between Air Street near Piccadilly Circus and the south end of Exhibition Road, South Kensington. The route was to run beneath Piccadilly, Knightsbridge, Brompton Road and Thurloe Place, with intermediate stations at Dover Street, Down Street, Hyde Park Corner, Knightsbridge and Brompton Road. A short branch to the east of the South Kensington terminus was planned to a depot south of Brompton Road at the end of Yeoman Row. Electricity to operate the trains was to be provided from a generating station to be built about a mile south of the South Kensington terminus on the north bank of the River Thames at Lots Road, West Brompton. Following parliamentary approval, the bill received Royal Assent as the "Brompton & Piccadilly Circus Railway Act, 1897" on 6 August 1897.
Metropolitan District Railway deep-level tube, 1896.
Also announced in November 1896 was a bill to be presented by the Metropolitan District Railway (MDR) for a tube railway to be constructed beneath its existing sub-surface line between Gloucester Road and Mansion House stations. The MDR operated a steam railway, running in cut and cover tunnels, and planned to ease congestion along its heavily used route by constructing an express line with just a single intermediate station at Charing Cross (now Embankment). The express line was to surface west of Gloucester Road and connect to the MDR's existing line at Earl's Court. Since, like the B&PCR, the MDR's deep tube line would be operated with electric trains, the MDR planned to build a generating station adjacent to its Walham Green station (now Fulham Broadway). The bill received assent on 6 August 1897 as the "Metropolitan District Railway Act, 1897".
Great Northern and Strand Railway, 1898.
In November 1898 the Great Northern and Strand Railway (GN&SR) was announced as a tube railway, to run from Wood Green to Stanhope Street, north of the Strand. The GN&SR was backed by the Great Northern Railway (GNR), the main line railway operating from King's Cross station. The GNR saw the new company as a means of relieving congestion on its route. The GN&SR was to run beneath the GNR's main line from Wood Green station (now Alexandra Palace) to Finsbury Park station. It was then planned to run south-west through Holloway to King's Cross, and then south to Bloomsbury and Holborn. Intermediate stations were planned at the GNR's Hornsey, Harringay and Finsbury Park stations, and at Holloway, York Road, King's Cross, Russell Square and Holborn. A power station was planned next to the GNR's tracks at Gillespie Road. When the London County Council planned the construction of Kingsway and Aldwych, Stanhope Street was scheduled for demolition so the southern terminus was relocated to the junction of the two new roads. The bill was enacted on 1 August 1899 as the "Great Northern and Strand Railway Act, 1899".
Search for finance, 1896–1903.
Although the three companies had permission to construct their railways, they still had to raise the capital for the construction works in a competitive market.
By 1899, there were five other tube railway companies with permission to construct railways that were raising funds – the Baker Street & Waterloo Railway (BS&WR), the Charing Cross, Euston & Hampstead Railway (CCE&HR), the Great Northern & City Railway (GN&CR), the Central London Railway (CLR) and the City & Brixton Railway. The already operating City & South London Railway (C&SLR) was also looking for money for extensions to its existing route and numerous other proposed, but unapproved underground railway companies were also seeking investors.
Foreign investors came to the rescue of the MDR, B&PCR and GN&SR: American financier Charles Yerkes, who had been lucratively involved in the development of Chicago's tramway system in the 1880s and 1890s, saw the opportunity to make similar investments in London. In March 1901 he and his backers purchased a majority of the shares of the MDR and, in September 1901, took over the B&PCR and the GN&SR. With the companies under his control, Yerkes established the UERL to raise funds to build the tube railways and to electrify the MDR. The UERL was capitalised at £5 million with the majority of shares sold to overseas investors. Further share issues followed, which raised a total of £18 million by 1903 (equivalent to approximately £ today) for use across all of the UERL's projects.
Planning the route, 1898–1905.
B&PCR bill, 1899.
During the progress of their 1896 bills through parliament, the MDR and the B&PCR established a relationship through a successful joint campaign of opposition to a competing proposal from the City & West End Railway. This was for a tube railway running from Hammersmith to Cannon Street, which would have duplicated parts of the MDR's and the B&PCR's approved routes. In late 1898, this common interest led to the purchase of the B&PCR by the MDR. In November 1898 a bill for the B&PCR was announced, which sought permission for short extensions at each end of its route: at its eastern end, from Piccadilly Circus to Cranbourn Street and, at the western end, connections between the B&PCR's tunnels and those of the MDR's deep tube line. Parliament rejected the eastern extension, but permitted the connection between the two lines and approved a capital injection from the MDR into the B&PCR. The bill received Royal Assent on 9 August 1899 as the "Brompton & Piccadilly Circus Railway (Extensions) Act, 1899".
MDR and B&PCR bills, 1900.
In November 1899 the MDR published a notice of a bill for the 1900 parliamentary session. The company was still unable to proceed with the construction of its proposed deep line, and the new bill included provisions for extensions of time for this line and for those of the B&PCR. The bill included construction and operation of the power station at the Lots Road site previously chosen by the B&PCR. The B&PCR also published notice for a bill requesting an extension of time, but this was later withdrawn and the extension request in the MDR bill was used. The time extensions were granted in the "Metropolitan District Railway Act, 1900", which received assent on 6 August 1900.
B&PCR bill, 1901.
In November 1900 the B&PCR published a notice of a bill for the 1901 session, in which it sought permission for two extensions. The first, eastward, took a more northerly route than the rejected 1899 extension to Cranbourn Street: it was to run via Shaftesbury Avenue, Hart Street (now Bloomsbury Way), Bloomsbury Square, Theobalds Road and Rosebery Avenue, to Angel, Islington where it terminated under Islington High Street. Where the line crossed other tube routes, stations were planned: at Cambridge Circus to interchange with the planned CCE&HR, and at Museum Street near to the CLR's recently opened British Museum station. The second extension took the line south-west from South Kensington, via Fulham Road, to connect to the MDR's line south of Walham Green station (now Fulham Broadway). The bill also included provisions for the B&PCR to take over responsibility for construction of the section of the MDR's deep-level line from South Kensington to Earl's Court, and for a further extension of time.
The opening of the CLR on 30 July 1900 had stimulated interest in underground railways, and the B&PCR's bill was submitted to Parliament at the same time as a large number of other bills for tube lines in the capital. To review these bills, Parliament established a joint committee under Lord Windsor. Only the part of B&PCR's first extension as far as Museum Street was considered by the committee. The section to The Angel was held back, pending the findings of a separate committee which was investigating problems of vibration experienced on the CLR. The extension to Fulham was not discussed. By the time the committee had produced its report, the parliamentary session was almost over so the promoters of the bills were asked to resubmit them for the following 1902 session.
B&PCR, GN&SR and MDR bills, 1902.
In November 1901 the B&PCR published details of its bill for the 1902 session. The extension to The Angel was dropped, and a different route eastwards from Piccadilly Circus was planned. Once again this ran to Cranbourn Street, but it continued under Long Acre and Great Queen Street to meet and connect to the GN&SR's tunnels at Little Queen Street (now the northern part of Kingsway) just south of the GN&SR's planned Holborn station. The B&PCR planned stations at Wardour Street, Cranbourn Street and Covent Garden.
At Wardour Street station a branch was to leave the main route and head south-east, to connect to the MDR's deep-level line east of its station at Charing Cross. Wardour Street station was planned to have platforms on both branches. The south-west extension to Walham Green was retained with minor alterations. The new route was to branch from the original route east of Brompton Road station, which was to have platforms on both routes. Stations were planned along Fulham Road at its junctions with College Street (now Elystan Street), Neville Street, Drayton Gardens, Redcliffe Gardens, Stamford Bridge and Maxwell Road. The route would interchange with the MDR at Walham Green before coming to the surface and running parallel with the MDR as far as Parsons Green, beyond which the line was to connect to the MDR. The requests for an extension of time and for the powers to build the MDR deep-level line from South Kensington to Earl's Court were re-presented. As the B&PCR and the GN&SR were now in common ownership, the bill also sought powers to enable the companies to merge and for the B&PCR to change its name.
At the same time, the GN&SR published details of its bill for the 1902 session. The GN&SR sought powers for a short extension of about from its southern terminus, to Temple station on the MDR's existing sub-surface line where an interchange was planned. The GN&SR also sought permission to abandon the section of its route north of Finsbury Park, and to transfer its powers and obligations to the B&PCR as part of the merger. The MDR also announced a bill for 1902 which included provisions to transfer responsibility for part or all of its deep-level line to the B&PCR.
The B&PCR bill was again examined by a joint committee under Lord Windsor. The GN&SR bill was examined by a separate committee under Lord Ribblesdale. The B&PCR's eastward extension to Holborn to connect to the GN&SR was permitted, but the extension to Parsons Green was rejected following objections from hospitals in the Fulham Road, which were concerned that vibrations from trains might affect their patients. The B&PCR link from Piccadilly Circus to Charing Cross was rejected on the grounds that it involved sharp turns and steep gradients to avoid public buildings in the area. The merger with the GN&SR and name change were permitted. The GN&SR's extension to Temple was rejected following objections from the Duke of Norfolk who owned the land under which it would have run. The abandonment of the route north of Finsbury Park was permitted.
The bills received Royal Assent as the "Great Northern and Strand Railway Act, 1902" and the "Metropolitan District Railway Act, 1902" on 8 August 1902, and as the "Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Act, 1902" on 18 November 1902.
GNP&BR and MDR bills, 1903.
In November 1902 the newly merged company announced two bills for the 1903 parliamentary session under the GNP&BR name. The first bill requested minor powers which included the purchase of additional land for stations, and sought minor amendments to previous Acts.
The second bill sought permission for extensions east and west from the approved route. The eastern extension was to diverge from the main route immediately west of Piccadilly Circus station, which was to be expanded to have east and westbound platforms on both lines. The extension was then to pass under Leicester Square to a station at Charing Cross. Continuing eastwards under Strand, the tunnels were to cross under the branch from Holborn, with an interchange at Strand station. The line was then to continue under Fleet Street to Ludgate Circus, where a station was to be constructed to interchange with the London, Chatham and Dover Railway's Ludgate Hill station (since demolished). It would then proceed south under New Bridge Street, and east under Queen Victoria Street, to connect to the MDR's proposed deep-level line west of Mansion House station. The western extension was to diverge from the approved route at Albert Gate, east of Knightsbridge station. This station was to have additional platforms on the new branch line which would head west under Knightsbridge, Kensington Road and Kensington High Street, with stations at the Royal Albert Hall, the MDR's High Street Kensington station and Addison Road. The tunnels were then to follow Hammersmith Road to the MDR's Hammersmith station. There they would turn north under Hammersmith Grove and east under Goldhawk Road, to terminate on the south side of Shepherd's Bush Green near to the CLR's Shepherd's Bush terminus.
The MDR also publicised two further bills for the 1903 session. The first included provisions to formalise the agreement for the GNP&BR to build the section of the deep-level line between South Kensington and West Kensington, including the deep-level platforms at Earl's Court. The second bill sought permission to extend the deep-level line from its eastern end at Mansion House by following beneath the existing sub-surface tracks to Whitechapel, where the line would connect to the existing sub-surface lines to Mile End.
Neither extension bill was debated. In February 1903, Parliament had established a Royal Commission on London Traffic to assess the manner in which transport in London should be developed. While the Commission deliberated, any review of bills for new lines and extensions was postponed. Both bills were later withdrawn by their promoters. The powers bills were approved as the "Metropolitan District Railway Act, 1903" on 21 July 1903 and the "Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway (Various Powers) Act, 1903" on 11 August 1903.
GNP&BR bills, 1905.
The Royal Commission investigations continued from 1903 to early 1905, concluding with the issue of a report in June 1905. No bills were submitted for the 1904 parliamentary session, but in November 1904 the GNP&BR announced two bills for the 1905 session.
The first dealt with the Strand branch: it confirmed the layout of the junction between the branch and the main route at Holborn, and sought powers to extend the branch south under the River Thames to the London and South Western Railway's (L&SWR's) terminus at Waterloo station. The extension included moving Strand station to the corner of Surrey Street, and constructing a single tunnel from there to the BS&WR's Waterloo station which would be provided with additional lifts to serve the GNP&BR's platforms. The branch was to be operated as a shuttle with trains passing at Strand station. The junction layout and short extension to re-site Strand station were permitted, but not the extension to Waterloo. The bill received Royal Assent on 4 August 1905 as the "Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway (Various Powers) Act, 1905".
The second bill again proposed extensions to the east and west, modifying the 1903 plans. In the east, the route was the same as the previous proposal as far as Ludgate Circus. Then, instead of heading south under New Bridge Street and east into Queen Victoria Street to connect to the MDR deep level route, the 1905 proposal followed under Carter Lane and Cannon Street to a station at the junction of Queen Street and Watling Street, a short distance north-east of the MDR's Mansion House station. The route then followed Queen Victoria Street to Lombard Street where an interchange was to be provided with the C&SLR and the CLR at Bank station. The route continued under Cornhill and Leadenhall Street to end at Aldgate High Street, adjacent to the MDR's Aldgate station.
To the west, the 1903 proposed extension from Knightsbridge to Hammersmith via Kensington High Street remained, but it was to continue beyond Hammersmith under King Street, the final station being at the junction of King Street, Goldhawk Road and Chiswick High Road. The tunnels were to continue beyond the final station for a further under Chiswick High Road, to end at the junction with Homefield Road. The loop north from Hammersmith to Shepherd's Bush was dropped; instead a more direct route to Shepherd's Bush was proposed as a branch from the Hammersmith extension at Addison Road. It was to run under Holland Road to Shepherd's Bush Green, with a station being constructed opposite the CLR station there. It would then continue west under Uxbridge Road to Acton Vale, where a depot was to be built on the surface between Agnes Road and Davis Road. To cover the cost of the proposed extensions, powers to raise further capital of £4.2 million were sought. The review of the bill in Parliament was delayed as the Royal Commission was still sitting during the first half of 1905; the bill was withdrawn by the GNP&BR in July 1905, as insufficient time then remained for completion the parliamentary process before the end of the session.
Construction, 1902–1906.
With the funds available from the UERL, construction began in July 1902 at Knightsbridge, before the formal approval of the merger of the B&PCR and GN&SR. Work proceeded quickly, enabling the UERL to record in its annual report in October 1904 that 80 per cent of the tunnels had been completed and that track laying was about to begin. Stations were provided with surface buildings designed by architect Leslie Green in the UERL house-style. This consisted of two-storey steel-framed buildings faced with red glazed terracotta blocks, with wide semi-circular windows on the upper floor. Except for Finsbury Park, where the platforms were close enough to the surface to be accessed by stairs, and Gillespie Road where a long ramp was used, each of the stations with platforms in tube tunnels was provided with between two and four lifts and an emergency spiral staircase in a separate shaft.
Works on the main route were largely complete by the Autumn of 1906, and after a period of test running the railway was ready to open in December 1906. As a result of the electrification and resignalling of the MDR's surface and sub-surface tracks in 1905, the capacity of the existing route was sufficiently increased that the construction of deep-level tunnels east of South Kensington was unnecessary, and the powers were allowed to lapse.
Opening.
The official opening of the GNP&BR by David Lloyd George, President of the Board of Trade, took place on 15 December 1906. Progress on the Strand branch was delayed, and it opened in November 1907. From its opening, the GNP&BR was generally known by the abbreviated names "Piccadilly Tube" or "Piccadilly Railway", and the names appeared on the station buildings and on contemporary maps of the tube lines.
The railway had stations at:
The service was provided by a fleet of carriages manufactured for the UERL in France and Hungary. These carriages were built to the same design used for the BS&WR and the CCE&HR, and operated as electric multiple unit trains without the need for separate locomotives. Passengers boarded and left the trains through folding lattice gates at each end of cars; these gates were operated by Gate-men who rode on an outside platform and announced station names as trains arrived. The design became known on the Underground as the 1906 stock or Gate stock. Trains for the line were stabled at the Lillie Bridge depot in West Kensington.
Co-operation and consolidation, 1906–1913.
Despite the UERL's success in financing and constructing the railway in only seven years, its opening did not bring the financial success that had been expected. In the Piccadilly Tube's first twelve months of operation it carried 26 million passengers, less than half of the 60 million that had been predicted during the planning of the line. The UERL's pre-opening predictions of passenger numbers for its other new lines proved to be similarly over-optimistic, as did the projected figures for the newly electrified MDR – in each case, numbers achieved only around fifty per cent of their targets.
The lower than expected passenger numbers were partly due to competition between the tube and sub-surface railway companies, but the introduction of electric trams and motor buses, replacing slower, horse-drawn road transport, took a large number of passengers away from the trains. The problem was not limited to the UERL; all of London's seven tube lines and the sub-surface MDR and Metropolitan Railway were affected to some degree. The reduced revenues generated from the lower passenger numbers made it difficult for the UERL and the other railways to pay back the capital borrowed, or to pay dividends to shareholders.
From 1907, in an effort to improve their finances, the UERL, the C&SLR, the CLR and the GN&CR began to introduce fare agreements. From 1908, they began to present themselves through common branding as the "Underground". The W&CR was the only tube railway that did not participate in the arrangement as it was owned by the mainline L&SWR.
The UERL's three tube railway companies were still legally separate entities, with their own management, shareholder and dividend structures. There was duplicated administration between the three companies and, to streamline the management and reduce expenditure, the UERL announced a bill in November 1909 that would merge the Piccadilly, the Hampstead and the Bakerloo Tubes into a single entity, the London Electric Railway (LER), although the lines retained their own individual branding. The bill received Royal Assent on 26 July 1910 as the "London Electric Railway Amalgamation Act, 1910". This took effect on 1 July that year.
In October 1911, the Piccadilly tube platforms at Earl's Court station became the first on the Underground network to be served by escalators when a link between the District and Piccadilly platforms was created.
In November 1912, a bill was publicised under the LER name that included a plan to extend the Piccadilly tube tracks westwards from Hammersmith to connect to the L&SWR's Richmond branch tracks. The District line already ran trains over this route, and the Piccadilly tube service would provide additional connections. The bill received assent as the "London Electric Railway Act, 1913" on 15 August 1913. The advent of World War I prevented work on the extension starting. Post-war, a shortage of funds and other priorities meant that the extension was postponed until the early 1930s.
Move to public ownership, 1923–1933.
Despite improvements made to other parts of the network, the Underground railways continued to struggle financially. The UERL's ownership of the highly profitable London General Omnibus Company (LGOC) since 1912 had enabled the UERL group, through the pooling of revenues, to use profits from the bus company to subsidise the less profitable railways. However, competition from numerous small bus companies during the early 1920s eroded the profitability of the LGOC and had a negative impact on the profitability of the whole UERL group.
In an effort to protect the UERL group's income, its chairman Lord Ashfield lobbied the government for regulation of transport services in the London area. Starting in 1923, a series of legislative initiatives were made in this direction, with Ashfield and Labour London County Councillor (later MP and Minister of Transport) Herbert Morrison, at the forefront of debates as to the level of regulation and public control under which transport services should be brought. Ashfield aimed for regulation that would give the UERL group protection from competition and allow it to take substantive control of the LCC's tram system; Morrison preferred full public ownership. After seven years of false starts, a bill was announced at the end of 1930 for the formation of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB), a public corporation that would take control of the UERL, the Metropolitan Railway and all bus and tram operators within an area designated as the London Passenger Transport Area. The Board was a compromise – public ownership but not full nationalisation – and came into existence on 1 July 1933. On this date, the LER and the other Underground companies were liquidated.
Legacy.
The original GNP&BR route was extended at both ends in the early 1930s. In the north, a new route was constructed to Wood Green, Southgate and Cockfosters. In the west, the extension from Hammersmith approved in 1913 was finally carried out. The extension paralleled the District line's route to Acton and Hounslow, and took over the District line's route to Uxbridge. In 1977, the Hounslow branch was extended to Heathrow Airport. The Strand branch was closed in 1994. Today, the GNP&BR's tunnels form the core of the Piccadilly line's route.
York Road, Down Street and Brompton Road stations were closed in the early 1930s due to low usage, but in the lead-up to World War II the underground passageways at Down Street and Brompton Road were considered useful as protected deep shelters for critical government and military operations. Down Street was fitted out for use by the Railway Executive Committee and the War Cabinet. Brompton Road was used as a control centre for anti-aircraft operations, and after the war was used by the Territorial Army. Between September 1940 and July 1946, the Strand branch was temporarily closed, its tunnels used to store exhibits from the British Museum as well as serving as an air-raid shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="19192939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192939" title="Jatapus">
Jatapus

The Jatapus are a designated Scheduled Tribe in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha. They speak Telugu and have in many ways adopted the culture of the surrounding people. There were over one million Jatapus in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19192960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192960" title="The Private Patient">
The Private Patient

The Private Patient (2008) is a crime novel by English author P. D. James, the fourteenth in her popular Adam Dalgliesh series.
Synopsis.
In deepest Dorset, the once magnificent Cheverell Manor has been renovated and transformed into a plastic surgery clinic, run by the famous cosmetic practitioner George Chandler-Powell. Two days after Rhoda Gradwyn, an investigative journalist, arrives in the hope of having her lifelong facial scar removed, she's savagely murdered and Powell finds his surgery under scrutiny from Dalgliesh and his team, who are soon caught in a race against time when another body shows up...

</doc>
<doc id="19192967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192967" title="Cavendish Bridge">
Cavendish Bridge

Cavendish Bridge is the name of a bridge over the River Trent, connecting the counties of Leicestershire and Derbyshire; it is also the name of a hamlet on the Leicestershire side of the river within the Castle Donington parish. This bridge once carried the main London-Manchester turnpike, though the modern A6/A50 dual carriageway has now been built to the south bypassing the crossing.
Wilden Ferry and Medieval Bridges.
The crossing point and hamlet was originally known as Wilden Ferry and was latterly located upstream of the existing bridge. An earlier point for the ferry was also used and although the exact site is unknown, it was thought to be in the reach of the river between the bridge and Derwent Mouth.
In 1310 the ferry replaced the last of a series of medieval bridges that crossed the Trent within this reach. Archaeological investigations in the Hemington Fields quarry, revealed that three wooden bridges were destroyed by floods between 1140 and 1309. During this period the unstable gravel bed of the Trent was affected by a succession of large floods which meant that the river shifted its course significantly during this time, demolishing the bridges and a Norman mill weir as well.
Wilden Ferry was mentioned in many of the early Acts of Parliament regarding navigation both on the River Trent and the Trent & Mersey Canal. The Wilden crossing point was used in these Acts, as Shardlow only later grew into an inland port and village on the Derbyshire side of the river.
18th Century Cavendish Bridge.
The delays and inconvenience of using the ferry on what had become a busy turnpike route, led to calls for changes to be made, and the first meeting to discuss the bridge was held at the nearby Old Crown Inn in 1758.
The five arch masonry bridge that was subsequently built was designed by James Paine, using sandstone transported down river from the quarry at Weston-on-Trent. It was opened in 1760 and took its name from the patron of the scheme, William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire. The toll for crossing the bridge was the same as that for the ferry, and these were collected until 1888 when the turnpike trusts were wound up. The crossing remained in use until the major flood of March 1947, when one of the piers was washed away and the centre of the bridge collapsed into the river.
Modern Bridge.
Following the loss of the bridge, the Army installed a temporary Bailey Bridge using the existing foundations, which continued in use until 1957, when the current concrete span was erected on a new alignment to the east of the original London Road. Presently, traffic lights only allow vehicular traffic over the bridge in one direction at one particular time.
The toll house which survived the collapse of the bridge, was subsequently removed when the remains of the old crossing was demolished in 1960, although the slate plaque inscribed with the toll charges was retained and relocated on the approach to the new bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19192982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19192982" title="Lars Nieberg">
Lars Nieberg

Lars Nieberg (born 24 July 1963 in Wittingen, Lower Saxony) is a German equestrian. He participated in the 1996 and 2000 Olympics in show jumping competition.
Olympic record.
Nigberg participated at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where he won a gold medal in Team Jumping, together with Franke Sloothaak, Ulrich Kirchhoff and Ludger Beerbaum. 
Nieberg again won a gold medal in Team Jumping at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, together with Marcus Ehning, Otto Becker and Ludger Beerbaum.

</doc>
<doc id="19193002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193002" title="Electro Jugni/She's Mine">
Electro Jugni/She's Mine

"Electro Jugni/She's Mine" is the third single from Swami's 2007 album, "Equalize", written by Diamond Duggal and S-Endz.
It was released as a digital EP on 9 March 2009.
The song features vocals by bandmembers Sups, Liana and S-Endz and was produced by DJ Swami.
The original club version of the song featuring Romesh Chohan and S-Endz was first licensed to Universal Records for a Shaanti compilation CD entitled "Mighty Asian Beats". A live version recorded at the 2007 Wychwood Festival was released via Swami's MySpace page in mid-2007.
Alternate Versions.
The Asian release of Equalize through EMI/Virgin features an alternate version of the song with additional vocals from Swedish Latina pop singer DeDe Lopez.
The single version of "Electro Jugni" was recorded with additional Hindi vocals by Liana, a new addition to Swami's line-up. There is a video planned for this version of the song, as well as another video for "She's Mine", an entirely English language version of the song for the international market.
Music videos.
The music video for "Electro Jugni" was premiered on the DesiHits website on 23 October 2008. It is set in space and was directed by X1X Film & Design. The video for "She's Mine" is also expected to premiere soon.

</doc>
<doc id="19193019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193019" title="Worthy Down Barracks">
Worthy Down Barracks

Worthy Down Barracks is a British Army barracks near Winchester, Hampshire. It is the headquarters and depot of the Adjutant General's Corps and is part of the Winchester Garrison. The site is located between the villages of South Wonston and Kings Worthy.
History.
The site was first used as a military establishment when the Royal Naval Air Service opened an airfield on the site of the Winchester Racecourse in October 1917 as the base of the Wireless and Observers School. With the founding of the Royal Air Force in April 1918 the site was handed over. The runways were grass and sited to the North-West of the current barracks area.
The site was recommissioned by the Royal Navy in 1939 as HMS Kestrel and used as a flying station by the Fleet Air Arm until 1942 when flying ceased due to the orientation of the runway. It was placed in a state of care and maintenance until 1952 when it was re-established as HMS Ariel and used as an engineering training school.
The site was then handed over the Royal Army Pay Corps in 1960 and became home to the Electronic Accounting Development Unit who housed their computer centre there, as a home for an IBM 705 system. The computer was used to process the 1961 UK census electronically for the first time.
With the merger of the RAPC into the AGC in 1992 the barracks became the headquarters of the AGC and training depot for members of the Staff and Personnel Support, Education and Training Services and Army Legal Service branches. In 2012 the RAF School of Administration moved to Worthy Down from Southwick Park, near Portsmouth, resulting in all three schools of the Defence School of Personnel Administration being co-located on one site.
The barracks was used by the Service Personnel and Veterans Agency to house the Joint Personnel Administration project team from 2002 until 2009. This building is now used by the Defence Food Services School (DFSS)
The camp was served by Worthy Down railway station to the East, on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway opened in 1918 and closing finally in 1960. The route of the railway is combined into a running circuit around the camp.
The airfield area is now used as farmland.
The Future.
An update was given at Deepcut on 6 December 2010 on the future planned move of HQ RLC & Defence Logistics School from Deepcut to Worthy Down (Project KESTREL) the date of 2013 was announced for early moves, with new buildings being built from April 2013 with 'ring-fenced' cash not affected by the 'Strategic Defence Review'.
By 2015 the training of Royal Navy Logs(Pers) personnel (Writers) will move to Worthy Down.
RAF Units.
Royal Air Force School of Administration - May 2012 - present.
Catering Training Squadron Royal Air Force - Jan 2011 - present

</doc>
<doc id="19193037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193037" title="Regular skew polyhedron">
Regular skew polyhedron

In geometry, the regular skew polyhedra are generalizations to the set of regular polyhedron which include the possibility of nonplanar faces or vertex figures.
These polyhedra have two forms: infinite polyhedra that span 3-space, and finite polyhedra that close into 4-space.
History.
According to Coxeter, in 1926 John Flinders Petrie generalized the concept of regular skew polygons (nonplanar polygons) to "regular skew polyhedra".
Coxeter offered a modified Schläfli symbol {l,m|n} for these figures, with {l,m} implying the vertex figure, "m" l-gons around a vertex, and "n"-gonal holes. Their vertex figures are skew polygons, zig-zagging between two planes.
The regular skew polyhedra, represented by {l,m|n}, follow this equation:
Infinite regular skew polyhedra.
There are 3 regular skew polyhedra, the first two being duals. John Conway named them mucube, muoctahedron, and mutetrahedron for multiple cube, octahedron, and tetrahedron.
Also solutions to the equation above are the Euclidean regular tilings {3,6}, {6,3}, {4,4}, represented as {3,6|6}, {6,3|6}, and {4,4|∞}.
Coxeter gives these regular skew polyhedra {2q,2r|p} with extended chiral symmetry [[(p,q,p,r)]+] which he says is isomorphic to his abstract group (2q,2r|2,p). The related honeycomb has the extended symmetry [[(p,q,p,r)]].
Here are some partial representations, vertical projected views of their skew vertex figures, and partial corresponding uniform honeycombs.
Finite regular skew polyhedra of 4-space.
Coxeter also enumerated the a larger set of finite regular polyhedra in his paper "regular skew polyhedra in three and four dimensions, and their topological analogues".
Just like the infinite skew polyhedra represent manifold surfaces between the cells of the convex uniform honeycombs, the finite forms all represent manifold surfaces within the cells of the uniform polychora.
A first form, {l, m | n}, repeats the five convex Platonic solids, and one nonconvex Kepler-Poinsot solid:
The remaining solutions of the first form, {l, m | n} exist in 4-space. Polyhedra of the form {l, m | n} have a cyclic Coxeter group symmetry of [(l/2,n,m/2,n)], which reduces to the linear when m is 4, and [n,m,/2,n when l=4. {4,4|n} produces a double n-prism, or n-n duoprism, and specifically {4,4|4} fits inside of a {4}x{4} tesseract. {a,4|b} is represented by the {a} faces of the bitruncated {b,a/2,b} uniform polychoron, and {4,a|b} is represented by square faces of the runcinated {b,a/2,b}.
A final set is based on Coxeter's "further extended form" {q1,m|q2,q3...} or with q2 unspecified: {l, m |, q}.

</doc>
<doc id="19193047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193047" title="Edward Carteret">
Edward Carteret

Edward Carteret (1671–1739) was an English politician and served as Postmaster General from 1721 until his death.
Life.
Edward Carteret was the third son of Philip Carteret FRS and younger brother of George Carteret, 1st Baron Carteret. He was educated at Brentwood School and Trinity College, Cambridge. He served as Member of Parliament for several constituencies between 1698 and 1720 when he was made a Postmaster General.

</doc>
<doc id="19193059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193059" title="Rendall Munroe">
Rendall Munroe

Rendall Munroe (born 1 June 1980 in Leicester, England) is an English super bantamweight boxer. Munroe currently resides in Leicester and is the WBA International Super Bantamweight champion. He is also a former holder of the EBU and Commonwealth Super Bantamweight titles. His dayjob as a binman is well publicised as his nickname is 'The Boxing Binman'. He and his corner men also come out wearing fluorescent yellow binman jackets. Munroe attended English Martyrs Catholic School.
Amateur career.
Munroe had an amateur record of 30–10.
Early professional career.
Munroe had his first professional fight in September 2003, when he stopped journeyman Joel Viney in the third round at the Harvey Hadden Leisure Center in Nottingham. After 10 wins he challenged Andy Morris for the British featherweight title and lost a 12 round decision in Edinburgh. Munroe's first title win came three fights later when he beat Marc Callaghan for the vacant English super bantamweight title. In an interview for Boxing News, Munroe said that he faced the toughest man to date so far during his career in this period, the Kenyan David Kiilu. Munroe said "He taught me a boxing lesson but I came through with grit and determination"
European and Commonwealth champion.
Munroe shot to fame when he upset the form book and defeated touted Spaniard Kiko Martinez, again at the Harvey Hadden. The win was all the more surprising as in his previous fight Martinez had knocked out Bernard Dunne in one round. Since the win, Munroe has defended three times against Frenchman Salem Bouaita, Armenian Arsen Martirosian, and Italian Fabrizio Trotta.
On 27 February 2009, Munroe faced Kiko Martinez for the second time after the Spaniard had been installed as the mandatory challenger. The early and middle rounds were fairly close with little to choose between the two fighters but late on Munroe took control and won a unanimous decision.
On 2 May 2009, Munroe captured the Commonwealth title with a points victory over Isaac Nettty. On 23 April 2010, Munroe stopped world number three-rated Mexican Victor Terrazas in the ninth round of an eliminator to challenge WBC super bantamweight world champion Toshiaki Nishioka for his title, which he lost by unanimous decision on 24 October 2010 at the Sumo Hall in Tokyo, Japan, with all three judges scoring the fight 119–109.
To fight Nishioka, Munroe was forced to relinquish both his European and Commonwealth titles.
On 17 January 2011, Munroe received an Honoured Citizen Award in his home city of Leicester,
from Lord Mayor Colin Hall, in recognition of his work in promoting the city. Munroe, who had previously been promoted by Frank Maloney, signed an 18-month deal in March 2011 with Hatton Promotions for forthcoming fights, the first being at the MEN Arena where Munroe captured the vacant WBA international super bantamweight title with a unanimous decision over Belarus' Andrei Isaeu on 16 April 2011.
Munroe fought against Scott Quigg for the interim WBA super bantamweight title at the Manchester Velodrome on 16 June 2012. However, the fight was ruled a technical draw in the third round after Munroe suffered a cut over his right eye from an accidental head butt. They both want a rematch.
On 13 December 2012, Munroe announced his retirement from the sport at a press conference at the King Power Stadium. But he made a return to the ring on 12 May 2013. He was weighed at 133 pounds in this fight. After a first-round stoppage of Hungary's Laszlo Fekete, he is still aiming to become a world champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19193061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193061" title="Thoti">
Thoti

The Thoti are one of the Scheduled tribes of India. In 1991 there were 3,654 Thoti reported by the census of India. In 2001 the census figure for Thoti was 2,074.
The Thoti live in Andhra Pradesh primarily in Adilabad district, Warangal district, Nizamabad district and Karimnagar district.
The Thoti speak a dialect of the Gondi language.

</doc>
<doc id="19193065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193065" title="History of Nagpur">
History of Nagpur

Hislop college is the first college of Nagpur.ALL Saints is the first anglican Church. Bishop Cotton was the first school which was established by Anglicans in Nagpur.References are to be found in The History Of All Saints Cathedral by Shobha Mane -Phansikar.
The history of Nagpur, in central India, spans over 5,000 years, including the Kingdom of Nagpur in the 18th and 19th century. Human existence around present-day Nagpur city (in Maharashtra, India) can be traced back 3,000 years to the 8th century BC. "Menhir" burial sites at Drugdhamna (near Mhada colony) indicate megalithic culture existed around Nagpur and is still followed in present times.
Overview.
The first reference to the name "Nagpur" is found in a 10th-century copper-plate inscription discovered at Devali in the neighbouring Wardha district. The inscription is a record of grant of a village situated in the visaya (district) of Nagpura-Nandivardhana during time of Rastrakuta king Krsna III in the Saka year 862 (940 CE). Inscription found at Ramtek show that during the 12th century AD Nagpur and its surrounding regions formed the part of the thickly wooded country called "Jhadimandala" under Yadavas of Devagiri. However, tradition ascribes the founding of Nagpur to Bakht Buland, a prince of the Gond kingdom of Deogarh in the Chhindwara district.
In 1743, the Maratha leader Raghoji Bhonsale of Vidarbha established himself at Nagpur, after conquering the territories of Deogarh, Chanda and Chhattisgarh by 1751. After Raghoji's death in 1755, his son and successor Janoji was forced to acknowledge the effective supremacy of the Maratha Peshwa of Pune in 1769. Regardless, the Nagpur state continued to grow. Janoji's successor Mudhoji I Bhonsale (d. 1788) came to power in 1785 and bought Mandla and the upper Narmada valley from the Peshwa between 1796 and 1798, after which Raghoji II Bhonsale (d. 1816) acquired Hoshangabad, the larger part of Saugor and Damoh. Under Raghoji II, Nagpur covered what is now the east of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, and parts of Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand.
In 1803 Raghoji II joined the Peshwas against the British in the Second Anglo-Maratha War. The British prevailed, and Raghoji was forced to cede Cuttack, Sambalpur, and part of Berar. After Raghoji II's death in 1816, his son Parsaji was deposed and murdered by Mudhoji II Bhonsale. Despite the fact that he had entered into a treaty with the British in the same year, Mudhoji joined the Peshwa in the Third Anglo-Maratha War in 1817 against the British, but was forced to cede the rest of Berar to the Nizam of Hyderabad, and parts of Saugor and Damoh, Mandla, Betul, Seoni and the Narmada valley to the British after suffering a defeat at Sitabuldi in modern-day Nagpur city. The Sitabuldi fort was the site of a fierce battle between the British and the Bhonsale of Nagpur in 1817. The battle was a turning point as it laid the foundations of the downfall of the Bhonsales and paved the way for the British acquisition of Nagpur city. Mudhoji was deposed after a temporary restoration to the throne, after which the British placed Raghoji III Bhonsale the grandchild of Raghoji II, on the throne. During the rule of Raghoji III (which lasted till 1853), the region was administered by a British resident. In 1854 the British annexed Nagpur, after Raghoji III had died some months before without leaving an heir.
In 1861, the Nagpur Province (which consisted of the present Nagpur region, Chhindwara, and Chhatisgarh and existed from 1854 to 1861) became part of the Central Provinces and came under the administration of a commissioner under the British central government, with Nagpur as its capital. Tata Group started the country's first textile mill at Nagpur, formally known as Central India Spinning and Weaving Company Ltd. The company was popularly known as "Empress Mills" as it was inaugurated on 1 January 1877, the day Queen Victoria was proclaimed Empress of India.
In June 1885, the first college in Nagpur was established, as Morris College, Nagpur. Berar was added in 1903. Political activity in Nagpur during India's freedom struggle included hosting of two annual sessions of the Indian National Congress. The Non-cooperation movement was launched in the Nagpur session of 1920. In August 1923, the University of Nagpur was established by the education department of Central Province Government. In 1925, K. B. Hedgewar founded RSS, a Hindu nationalist organization in Nagpur with an idea of creating a "Hindu nation".
After Indian Independence in 1947, Central Provinces and Berar became a province of India, and in 1950 became the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, again with Nagpur as its capital. However when the Indian states were reorganized along linguistic lines in 1956, the Nagpur region and Berar were transferred to Bombay state, which in 1960 was split between the states of Maharashtra and Gujarat. At a formal public ceremony on 14 October 1956 in Nagpur B. R. Ambedkar along with his supporters converted to Buddhism starting Dalit Buddhist movement which is still active.
In 1994, the city witnessed its most violent day in modern times due to the Gowari stampede deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="19193070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193070" title="Bokkeum">
Bokkeum

Bokkeum is a generic term to refer to a Korean dish made by stir-frying ingredients in a sauce. According to Korean dictionaries, the verb form of "bokkeum", "bokkda" (볶다) means "cooking dried ingredients over heat." However, "bokkeum" not only refers to dishes made by stir-frying ingredients to a dry state, but also indicates dishes with a thick sauce after cooking. The former is called "geonyeol bokkeum" (건열볶음 dry stir-fried dishes) and the latter is called "seupyeol bokkeum" (습열볶음, watery stir-fried dishes) by the literal meaning in Korean.

</doc>
<doc id="19193088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193088" title="Shraga Weinberg">
Shraga Weinberg

Shraga Weinberg (born March 25, 1966) is an Israeli wheelchair tennis player.
Weinberg was born in 1966, paralyzed in his upper body. He also suffers from bone density abnormalities, which caused him to go through many surgeries in his younger years. For his recreation and rehabilitation, he began practicing disabled sports at the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled. In 2008 he was ranked 8th in the world in wheelchair tennis.
In wheelchair tennis, Weinberg was ranked 1st in 2001 for singles' tournaments and in 2003 for couples' tournaments. In the five years prior to the 2004 Summer Paralympics, he was also ranked at the top of the Israeli chart. At the Paralympic Games he competed in singles and lost at the quarter final.
Weinberg works as an accountant, making it difficult for him to develop his tennis game. In 2007 he took part only in three international tournaments, however he continued to be ranked among the top 10 players, enabling him to qualify for the 2008 Summer Paralympics. At those games, he took silver in the mixed doubles event with Boaz Kremer. He also competed in singles, but lost in the quarterfinals to eventual bronze medalist David Wagner of the United States. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Weinberg and his partner, Noam Gershony, won the bronze medal in the quad doubles, beating Shota Kawano and Mitsuteru Moroishi of Japan 6–3, 6–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19193089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193089" title="Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue">
Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue

Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue (1987) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
Following the death of artist Edwin Garland from a heart attack, his family and friends gather for the funeral, and are duly shocked by the apparently motiveless shooting of the dead man's son. When Wycliffe yields no clues after the reading of the old man's mischievously contrived will, the only leads he's left with are the mysterious artist's pigment known as Winsor Blue, and the death of Gifford Tate, a fellow painter and friend of Edwin's, several years before...

</doc>
<doc id="19193101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193101" title="Baker Street and Waterloo Railway">
Baker Street and Waterloo Railway

The Baker Street and Waterloo Railway (BS&WR), also known as the Bakerloo tube, was a railway company established in 1893 that built a deep-level underground "tube" railway in London. The company struggled to fund the work, and construction did not begin until 1898. In 1900, work was hit by the financial collapse of its parent company, the London & Globe Finance Corporation, through the fraud of Whitaker Wright, its main shareholder. In 1902, the BS&WR became a subsidiary of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL) controlled by American financier Charles Yerkes. The UERL quickly raised the funds, mainly from foreign investors.
When opened in 1906, the BS&WR's line served nine stations and ran completely underground in a pair of tunnels for between its northern terminus at Baker Street and its southern terminus at Elephant and Castle with a depot on a short spur nearby at London Road. Extensions between 1907 and 1913 took the northern end of the line to the terminus of the Great Western Railway (GWR) at Paddington. Between 1915 and 1917, it was further extended to Queen's Park, where it came to the surface and connected with the London and North Western Railway (LNWR), and to Watford; a total distance of .
Within the first year of opening it became apparent to the management and investors that the estimated passenger numbers for the BS&WR and the other UERL lines were over-optimistic. Despite improved integration and cooperation with the other tube railways and the later extensions, the BS&WR struggled financially. In 1933, the BS&WR was taken into public ownership along with the UERL. Today, the BS&WR's tunnels and stations operate as the London Underground's Bakerloo line.
Establishment.
Origin, 1891–93.
The idea of building an underground railway along the approximate route of the BS&WR had been put forward well before it came to fruition at the turn of the century. As early as 1865, a proposal was put forward for a Waterloo & Whitehall Railway, powered by pneumatic propulsion. Carriages would have been sucked or blown a distance of three-quarters of a mile (about 1 km) from Great Scotland Yard to Waterloo Station, travelling through wrought-iron tubes laid in a trench at the bottom of the Thames. The scheme was abandoned three years later after a financial panic caused its collapse. Carl Wilhelm Siemens of the eponymous German engineering company served as electrical engineer for a later abortive scheme, the Charing Cross & Waterloo Railway. It was incorporated by an Act of Parliament in 1882 and got as far as constructing a stretch of tunnel under the Victoria Embankment before running out of money.
According to a pamphlet published by the BS&WR in 1906, the idea of constructing the line "originally arose from the desire of a few business men in Westminster to get to and from Lord's Cricket Ground as quickly as possible," to enable them to see the last hour's play without having to leave their offices too early. They realised that an underground railway line connecting the north and south of central London would provide "a long-felt want of transport facilities" and "would therefore prove a great financial success." They were inspired by the recent success of the City and South London Railway (C&SLR), the world's first deep-tube railway, which proved the feasibility of such an endeavour. This opened in November 1890 and carried large numbers of passengers in its first year of operation.
In November 1891, notice was given of a private bill that would be presented to Parliament for the construction of the BS&WR. The railway was planned to run entirely underground from the junction of New Street (now Melcombe Street) and Dorset Square west of Baker Street to James Street (now Spur Road) on the south side of Waterloo station. From Baker Street, the route was to run eastwards beneath Marylebone Road, then curve to the south under Park Crescent and follow Portland Place, Langham Place and Regent Street to Piccadilly Circus. It was then to run under Haymarket, Trafalgar Square and Northumberland Avenue before passing under the River Thames to Waterloo station. A decision had not been made between the use of cable haulage or electric traction as the means of pulling the trains.
Bills for three similarly inspired new underground railways were also submitted to Parliament for the 1892 parliamentary session, and, to ensure a consistent approach, a Joint Select Committee was established to review the proposals. The committee took evidence on various matters regarding the construction and operation of deep-tube railways, and made recommendations on the diameter of tube tunnels, method of traction, and the granting of wayleaves. After rejecting the construction of stations on land owned by the Crown Estate and the Duke of Portland between Oxford Circus and Baker Street, the Committee allowed the BS&WR bill to proceed for normal parliamentary consideration.
The route was approved and the bill received Royal Assent on 28 March 1893 as the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1893". Stations were permitted at Baker Street, Oxford Circus, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, Embankment and Waterloo. The depot would have been at the south end of the line at James Street and Lower Marsh.
Search for finance, 1893–1903.
Although the company had permission to construct the railway, it still had to raise the capital for the construction works. The BS&WR was not alone; four other new tube railway companies were looking for investors – the Waterloo and City Railway (W&CR), the Charing Cross, Euston and Hampstead Railway (CCE&HR) and the Great Northern and City Railway (GN&CR) (the three other companies that were put forward in bills in 1892) and the Central London Railway (CLR, which received Royal Assent in 1891). The original tube railway, the C&SLR, was also raising funds to construct extensions to its existing line. Only the W&CR, which was the shortest line and was backed by the London and South Western Railway with a guaranteed dividend, was able to raise its funds without difficulty. For the BS&WR and the rest, and others that came later, much of the remainder of the decade saw a struggle to find finance in an uninterested market.
Like most legislation of its kind, the act of 1893 imposed a time limit for the compulsory purchase of land and the raising of capital. To keep the powers alive, the BS&WR announced a new bill in November 1895, which included an application for an extension of time. The additional time and permission to raise an extra £100,000 of capital was granted when the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1896" received Royal Assent on 7 August 1896.
In November 1897, the BS&WR did a deal with the London & Globe Finance Corporation (L&GFC), a mining finance company operated by mining speculator Whitaker Wright and chaired by Lord Dufferin. The L&GFC was to fund and manage the construction, taking any profit from the process. The cost of construction was estimated to be £1,615,000 (equivalent to approximately £ today). The L&GFC replaced the BS&WR's directors with its own and let construction contracts. Wright made fortunes in America and Britain by promoting gold and silver mines and saw the BS&WR as a way of diversifying the L&GFC's holdings.
In 1899, Wright fraudulently concealed large losses by one of the corporation's mines by manipulating the accounts of various L&GFC subsidiary companies. Expenditure for the BS&WR was also high, with the L&GFC having paid out approximately £650,000 (£ today) by November 1900. In its prospectus of November 1900, the company forecast that it would realise £260,000 a year from passenger traffic, with working expenses of £100,000, leaving £138,240 for dividends after the deduction of interest payments. Only a month later, however, Wright's fraud was discovered and the L&GFC and many of its subsidiaries collapsed. Wright himself subsequently committed suicide by taking cyanide during his trial at the Royal Courts of Justice.
The BS&WR struggled on for a time, funding the construction work by making calls on the unpaid portion of its shares, but activity eventually came to a stop and the partly built tunnels were left derelict. Before its collapse, the L&GFC attempted to sell its interests in the BS&WR for £500,000 to an American consortium headed by Albert L. Johnson, but was unsuccessful. However, it attracted the interest of another American consortium headed by financier Charles Yerkes. After some months of negotiations with the L&GFC's liquidator, Yerkes purchased the company for £360,000 plus interest (£ today). He was involved in the development of Chicago's tramway system in the 1880s and 1890s. He came to London in 1900 and purchased a number of the struggling underground railway companies, The BS&WR became a subsidiary of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL) which Yerkes formed to raise funds to build the tube railways and to electrify the Metropolitan District Railway. The UERL was capitalised at £5 million with the majority of shares sold to overseas investors. Further share issues followed, which raised a total of £18 million by 1903 (equivalent to approximately £ today) for use across all of the UERL's projects.
Planning the route, 1893–1904.
BS&WR bill, 1896.
While the BS&WR raised money, it continued to develop the plans for its route. The November 1895 bill sought powers to modify the planned route of the tunnels at the Baker Street end of the line and extend them approximately beyond their previous end point at the south-eastern corner of Dorset Square to the south-eastern corner of Harewood Square. This area was to be the site of Marylebone station, the new London terminus of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway's extension from the Midlands then under construction.Approval for the extension and a new station at Marylebone were included in the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1896".
New Cross & Waterloo Railway bill, 1898.
On 26 November 1897, details of a bill proposed for the 1898 parliamentary session were published by the New Cross and Waterloo Railway (NC&WR), an independent company promoted by James Heath MP, which planned two separate sections of tube line that would connect directly to the BS&WR, extending the line south-east from Waterloo and east from around Marylebone Road.
The southern of the NC&WR's two extensions was planned to connect with the BS&WR tunnels under Belvedere Road to the west of Waterloo station and head east under the mainline station to its own station under Sandell Street adjacent to Waterloo East station. The route was then planned to run under Waterloo Road, St George's Circus and London Road to Elephant and Castle. The route then followed New Kent Road and Old Kent Road as far as the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway's Old Kent Road station (closed in 1917). Intermediate stations were to be constructed at St George's Circus, Elephant and Castle (where the NC&WR station would interchange with the C&SLR's station below ground and link to the London, Chatham and Dover Railway's station above ground), in New Kent Road at Munton Road, at the junction of New Kent Road and Old Kent Road, and on Old Kent Road at the junctions with Mina Road, Bowles Road and Commercial Road (now Commercial Way). A power station was planned on the south side of Old Kent Road where it crossed the Grand Surrey Canal (now filled-in) at the junction with St James's Road. This would have provided a delivery route for fuel and a source of water. Tunnels were also planned to connect the BS&WR's proposed depot at Waterloo to the NC&WR's route enabling trains to enter and exit in two directions.
The NC&WR's other planned extension was to branch from the BS&WR's curve under Park Crescent. It was then to curve eastwards under Regent's Park and then run under Longford Street and Drummond Street to end at a station on the west side of Seymour Street (now Eversholt Street) under Euston station. An intermediate station was planned for the junction of Drummond Street and Hampstead Road.
The bill was deposited in Parliament, but no progress was made in the 1898 session and it disappeared afterwards, although the BS&WR presented a modified version of the Euston branch in a bill for the 1899 session.
BS&WR bill, 1899.
Construction work began in August 1898, although the BS&WR was continuing to develop new route plans. The bill for 1899, published on 22 November 1898, requested more time for the construction works and proposed two extensions to the railway and a modification to part of the previously approved route. The first extension, like the NC&WR's plan from the year before, was to branch from the already-approved route under Park Crescent, but then followed a more northerly route than the NC&WR, running under Regent's Park to cross the park's Outer Circle between Chester Road and Cumberland Gate where a station was to be constructed. The route then followed Cumberland Street West (now Nash Street), Cumberland Market, Cumberland Street East and Edward Street (both now Varndell Street), before ending at a station under Cardington Street on the west side of Euston station.
The second extension was to continue the line west from Marylebone, running under Great James Street and Bell Street (now both Bell Street) to Corlett Street, then turning south to reach the Grand Junction Canal's Paddington Basin to the east of the GWR's Paddington station. A station was to be located directly under the east-west arm of the basin before the line turned north-west, running between the mainline station and the basin, before the two tunnels merged into one. The single tunnel was then to turn north-east, passing under the Regent's Canal to the east of Little Venice, before coming to the surface where a depot was to be built on the north side of Blomfield Road. The BS&WR also planned a power station at Paddington. The final change to the route was a modification at Waterloo to move the last section of the line southwards to end under Addington Street. The aim of these plans was, as the company put it in 1906, "to tap the large traffic of the South London Tramways, and to link up by a direct Line several of the most important Railway termini."
The Metropolitan Railway (MR), London's first underground railway, which operated between Paddington and Euston over the northern section of the Inner Circle since 1863, saw the BS&WR's two northern extensions as competition for its own service and strongly objected. Parliament accepted the objections; when the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1899" received Royal Assent on 1 August 1899, only the extension of time and the route change at Waterloo were approved
BS&WR bill, 1900.
In November 1899, the BS&WR announced a bill for the 1900 session. Again, an extension was proposed from Marylebone to Paddington, this time terminating to the east of the mainline station at the junction of Bishop's Road (now Bishop's Bridge Road) and Gloucester Terrace. A station was planned under Bishop's Road, linked to the mainline station by a subway under Eastbourne Terrace. From Waterloo, an extension was planned to run under Westminster Bridge Road and St George's Road to terminate at Elephant and Castle. The BS&WR would connect there with the CS&LR's station as the NC&WR planned two years earlier. A spur was to be provided to a depot and power station that were to be constructed on the site of the School for the Indigent Blind south of St George's Circus.
The Paddington extension was aligned to allow a westward extension to continue to Royal Oak or Willesden, areas already served by the MR, which again opposed the plans. This time, the BS&WR was successful and Royal Assent for the extensions was granted in the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1900" on 6 August 1900.
Minor changes, 1902–04.
To make up for the time lost following the collapse of the L&GFC and to restore the BS&WR's finances, the company published a bill in November 1901, which sought another extension of time and permission to change its funding arrangements. The bill was approved as the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1902" on 18 November 1902.
For the 1903 parliamentary session, the UERL announced bills for the BS&WR and its other tube railways, seeking permission to merge the three companies by transferring the BS&WR's and CCE&HR's powers to the Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway (GNP&BR). The BS&WR bill also included requests for a further extension of time and for powers to compulsorily purchase land for an electrical sub-station at Lambeth. The merger was rejected by Parliament, but the land purchase and extension of time were permitted separately in the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1903" and the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway (Extension of Time) Act, 1903", both given Royal Assent on 11 August 1903.
For the 1904 Parliamentary session, the BS&WR bill sought permission to add new stations at Lambeth, Regent's Park and Edgware Road. The new stations were permitted by the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1904" given Royal Assent on 22 July 1904.
Construction, 1898–1906.
Construction commenced in the summer of 1898 under the direction of Sir Benjamin Baker (who co-designed the Forth Bridge), W.R. Galbraith and R.F. Church. The works were carried out by Perry & Company of Tregedar Works, Bow.
The main construction site was located at a substantial temporary staging pier erected in the River Thames a short distance south of the Hungerford Bridge. It was described at the time as "a small village of workshops and offices and an electrical generating station to provide the power for driving the machinery and for lighting purposes during construction." The wide stage was located from the Hungerford Bridge's first pier, from the north bank of the Thames. It was originally intended that the work should begin close to the south bank, with a bridge connecting the stage to College Street – a now-vanished road on the site of the present-day Jubilee Gardens. However, test borings showed that there was a deep depression in the gravel beneath the Thames, which it was speculated was the result of dredging carried out for the abortive Charing Cross & Waterloo Railway project. This led to the work site being relocated to the north side of the river.
Two caissons were sunk into the river bed below the stage. From there, the tunnels were constructed in each direction using Barlow-Greathead tunnelling shields of a similar design to those used to construct the C&SLR. The north tunnel was constructed first, commencing in February 1899, followed by the south tunnel from March 1900. This was technically the most difficult stage of the project, as it necessitated tunnelling under the river. The tunnellers worked in an atmosphere of compressed air at up to to prevent water leaking into the excavations. On several occasions, however, the tunnel was breached and escaping air caused "blowouts", producing water spouts up to high above the surface of the river. One such blowout disrupted Doggett's Coat and Badge race. By using the river as the centre of tunnelling operations, the company was able to remove excavated soil onto barges and bring in required material the same way, thus avoiding having to transport large amounts of material through the streets. Tunnelling also took place from station sites, notably at Piccadilly Circus. The tunnellers worked with a remarkable degree of accuracy given the technology of the time; when the tunnel being driven north from the Thames eventually reached the one being dug south from Piccadilly Circus, meeting under Haymarket, with deviation of only three-quarters of an inch (1.9 cm).
The tunnel linings were formed from cast iron segments  inch (2.22 cm) thick, which locked together to form a ring with an internal diameter of . Once a ring was completed, grout was injected through holes in the segments to fill any voids between the outside edge of the ring and the excavated ground beyond, reducing subsidence. By November 1899 the northbound tunnel reached Trafalgar Square and work on some of the station sites was started, but the collapse of the L&GFC in 1900 led to works gradually coming to a halt. When the UERL was constituted in April 1902, 50 per cent of the tunnelling and 25 per cent of the station work was completed. With funds in place, work restarted and proceeded at a rate of per week, so that by February 1904 virtually all of the tunnels and underground parts of the stations between Elephant & Castle and Marylebone were complete and works on the station buildings were under way. The additional stations were incorporated as work continued elsewhere and Oxford Circus station was altered below ground following a Board of Trade inspection; at the end of 1905, the first test trains began running. Although the BS&WR had permission to continue to Paddington, no work was undertaken beyond Edgware Road.
The BS&WR used a Westinghouse automatic signalling system operated through electric track circuits. This controlled signals based on the presence or absence of a train on the track ahead. Signals incorporated an arm that was raised when the signal was red. If a train failed to stop at a red signal, the arm activated a "tripcock" on the train, applying the brakes automatically.
Stations were provided with surface buildings designed by architect Leslie Green in the UERL house-style. This consisted of two-storey steel-framed buildings faced with red glazed terracotta blocks, with wide semi-circular windows on the upper floor. They were designed with flat roofs to enable additional storeys to be constructed for commercial occupants, maximising the air rights of the property. Except for Embankment, which had a sloping passageway down to the platforms, each station was provided with between two and four lifts and an emergency spiral staircase in a separate shaft. At platform level, the wall tiling featured the station name and an individual geometric pattern and colour scheme designed by Green.
It was originally intended that the electrical supply to the line and stations would be provided by a dedicated generating station at St George's Road, Southwark. This idea was abandoned in 1902 and electricity was instead provided by Lots Road Power Station, operated by the UERL. Six ventilation fans were installed along the line to draw 18,500 cubic feet per minute through the tunnels and out through exhausts placed on the roof of the stations. Fresh air was drawn back down from the surface via the lift and staircase shafts, thus replenishing the air in the tunnels. To reduce the risk of fire, the station platforms were built of concrete and iron and the sleepers were made from the fireproof Australian wood "Eucalyptus marginata" or jarrah.
The design of the permanent way was a departure from that of London's previous tube railways, which used track laid on timber baulks across the tunnel with the bottom of the tube left open. This approach caused what the BS&WR's management regarded as an unacceptable level of vibrations. They resolved this by mounting the sleepers on supports made of sand and cement grout, with the sleeper ends resting on comparatively soft broken stone ballast underneath the running rails. A drain ran parallel with the rails underneath the middle of the track. The rails themselves were unusually short – only long – as this was the maximum length that could be brought in through the shafts and then turned horizontally to be carried into the tunnels. Power was supplied through third (positive) and fourth (negative) rails laid in the middle and outside of the track, as used on the District Railway.
Opening.
The official opening of the BS&WR by Sir Edwin Cornwall, chairman of the London County Council, took place on 10 March 1906. Shortly after the line's opening, the London "Evening News" columnist "Quex" coined the abbreviated name "Baker-loo", which quickly caught on and began to be used officially from July 1906, appearing on contemporary maps of the tube lines. The nickname was, however, deplored by "The Railway Magazine", which complained: "Some latitude is allowable, perhaps, to halfpenny papers, in the use of nicknames, but for a railway itself to adopt its gutter title, is not what we expect from a railway company. English railway officers have more dignity than to act in this manner."
The railway had stations at:
While construction was being finished, trains operated out of service beyond Baker Street, reversing at a crossover to the east of the station under construction at Marylebone.
Rolling stock, fares and schedules.
The service was provided by a fleet of 108 carriages manufactured for the UERL in the United States by the American Car and Foundry Company and assembled in Manchester. They were transported to London by rail but because the BS&WR had no external railway connections, the carriages then had to be transported across the city on horse-drawn wagons to their destination at London Road depot.
The carriages operated as electric multiple unit trains without separate locomotives. Passengers boarded and left the trains through folding lattice gates at each end of cars; these gates were operated by gate-men who rode on an outside platform and announced station names as trains arrived. The design was subsequently used for the GNP&BR and the CCE&HR, and became known on the Underground as the 1906 stock or Gate stock. Trains for the line were stabled at the London Road depot south of Kennington Road station.
The line operated from 5:30 am to 12:30 am on weekdays (including Saturdays), and 7:30 am to 12 noon on Sundays. The standard one-way fare following the line's opening was 2"d." ("workmen's tickets" at 2"d." return were available up to 7:58 am) and a book of 25 tickets was available at 4"s." However, the original flat fares were abandoned in July 1906 and replaced with graded fares of between 1"d." and 3"d." In November 1906, season tickets were introduced along with through tickets with the District Railway (interchanging at Charing Cross). It was not until December 1907 that it was possible to buy a through ticket onto the Central London Railway (via Oxford Circus). The BS&WR abolished its season tickets in October 1908 and replaced them with strip tickets, sold in sets of six, that could be used on the Bakerloo, Piccadilly and Hampstead tubes.
The service frequency as of mid-1906 was as follows:
Co-operation and consolidation, 1906–10.
Despite the UERL's success in financing and constructing the railway, its opening did not bring the financial success that had been expected. In the Bakerloo Tube's first twelve months of operation it carried 20.5 million passengers, less than sixty per cent of the 35 million that had been predicted during the planning of the line. The UERL's pre-opening predictions of passenger numbers for its other new lines proved to be similarly over-optimistic, as did the projected figures for the newly electrified MDR – in each case, numbers achieved only around fifty per cent of their targets. 37,000 people used the line on the first day, but in the months following the line's opening only about 20,000–30,000 passengers a day used the service. The number of carriages used by the BS&WR was cut back to three per train at peak times and only two during off-peak hours. The "Daily Mail" reported in April 1906 that the rush-hour trains were carrying fewer than 100 people at a time. To add to the line's misfortunes, it suffered its first fatality only two weeks after opening when conductor John Creagh was crushed between a train and a tunnel wall at Kennington Road station on 26 March.
The lower than expected passenger numbers were partly due to competition between the tube and sub-surface railway companies, but the introduction of electric trams and motor buses, replacing slower, horse-drawn road transport, took a large number of passengers away from the trains. The "Daily Mirror" noted at the end of April 1906 that the BS&WR offered poor value for money compared to the equivalent motor bus service, which cost only 1"d." per journey, and that passengers disliked the distances that they had to walk between the trains and the lifts. Such problems were not limited to the UERL; all of London's seven tube lines and the sub-surface MDR and Metropolitan Railway were affected to some degree. The reduced revenue generated from the lower passenger numbers made it difficult for the UERL and the other railways to pay back the capital borrowed, or to pay dividends to shareholders.
From 1907, in an effort to improve their finances, the UERL, the C&SLR, the CLR and the GN&CR began to introduce fare agreements. From 1908, they began to present themselves through common branding as the "Underground". The W&CR was the only tube railway that did not participate in the arrangement, as it was owned by the mainline L&SWR.
The UERL's three tube railway companies were still legally separate entities, with their own management, shareholder and dividend structures. There was duplicated administration between the three companies and, to streamline the management and reduce expenditure, the UERL announced a bill in November 1909 that would merge the Bakerloo, the Hampstead and the Piccadilly Tubes into a single entity, the London Electric Railway (LER), although the lines retained their own individual branding. The bill received Royal Assent on 26 July 1910 as the "London Electric Railway Amalgamation Act, 1910".
Extensions.
Paddington, 1906–13.
Having planned a westward extension in 1900 to Willesden Junction, the company had been unable to decide on a route beyond Paddington and had postponed further construction while it considered options. In November 1905, the BS&WR announced a bill for 1906 that replaced the route from Edgware Road to Paddington approved in 1900 with a new alignment. This had the tunnels crossing under the Paddington basin with the station under London Street. The tunnels were to continue south-east beyond the station as sidings, to end under the junction of Grand Junction Road and Devonport Street (now Sussex Gardens and Sussex Place). In a pamphlet published in 1906 to publicise the Paddington extension, the company proclaimed:
The changes were permitted by the "Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act, 1906" on 4 August 1906, but the south-east alignment did not represent a suitable direction to continue the railway and no effort was made to construct the extension.
In 1908, the Bakerloo Tube attempted to make the hoped-for extension into north-west London using the existing powers of the North West London Railway (NWLR), an unbuilt tube railway with permission to build a line from Cricklewood to Victoria station. The NWLR announced a bill in November 1908 seeking to construct a connection between its unbuilt route beneath the Edgware Road and the Bakerloo Tube's Edgware Road station. The NWLR route to Victoria was to be abandoned south of the connection and the Bakerloo Tube's planned route to Paddington was to be built as a shuttle line from Edgware Road, which was to be provided with two additional platforms for shuttle use. The Bakerloo Tube was to construct the extension and operate the service over the combined route, which was to have stations at St John's Wood Road, Abercorn Place, Belsize Road (close to the LNWR station), Brondesbury (to interchange with the North London Railway's station and close to the MR's Kilburn station), Minster Road and Cricklewood. The Bakerloo Tube announced its own bill to make the necessary changes to its existing plans.
The GWR objected to the reduction of the Bakerloo Tube's Paddington connection to a shuttle and the MR objected to the connection of the two lines, which would be in competition with its line through Kilburn. Parliament rejected the proposed connection and the changes to the NWLR's route and the company's permissions eventually expired without any construction work being carried out. The Bakerloo Tube bill was withdrawn.
In November 1910, the LER (of which the Bakerloo Tube was now part) revived plans for the Paddington extension when it published a bill for the 1911 Parliamentary session. The new route ran in a tight curve from Edgware Road station, initially heading south before turning to the north-west, which provided a more practical direction for a future extension. The bill was supported by the GWR with funding of £18,000. The "London Electric Railway Act, 1911" received Royal Assent on 2 June 1911. Construction started in August 1911, and was completed in a little over two years. The extension opened on 1 December 1913, with the single new station at Paddington. Following their successful introduction at Earl's Court in 1911, the station was the first on the line to be designed to use escalators instead of lifts.
Queen's Park and Watford, 1911–17.
In 1907, the LNWR obtained parliamentary permission to improve its mainline services into London by the construction of a pair of new electrified tracks alongside its existing line between Watford Junction in Hertfordshire and Queen's Park, Kilburn and a new tube section beneath its lines from there to its terminus at Euston. At Euston, the tube tunnel was to end with an underground station on a long loop beneath the mainline station.
The LNWR began construction work on the surface section of the new tracks in 1909. By 1911, it had modified the plans to omit the underground section and to split its proposed electrified services into three. The first section was to follow the existing surface route into Euston on newly electrified tracks, the second section was to connect with the North London Railway at Chalk Farm and continue on electrified tracks from there to Broad Street station in the City of London. The third section involved the extension of the Bakerloo Tube from Paddington to Queen's Park.
With the extension to Paddington still under construction, the LER published a bill in November 1911 for the continuation to Queen's Park. The extension was to continue north from Paddington, running past Little Venice to Maida Vale before curving north-west to Kilburn and then west to parallel the LNWR main line, before coming to the surface a short distance to the east of Queen's Park station. Three intermediate stations were to be provided: on Warwick Avenue at the junction with Warrington Avenue, Clifton Villas and Clifton Gardens; at the junction of Elgin and Randolph Avenues (named Maida Vale); and on Cambridge Avenue (named Kilburn Park). The LNWR gave a £1 million loan to the LER at 4% interest in perpetuity to help finance the extension. The bill received Royal Assent on 7 August 1912 as the "London Electric Railway Act, 1912".
Progress on the section from Paddington to Queen's Park was slowed by the start of World War I, so the line was not finished until early 1915. As at Paddington, the three below-ground stations were built to use escalators. Maida Vale and Kilburn Park were provided with buildings in the style of the earlier Leslie Green stations but without the upper storey, which was no longer required for housing lift gear. Warwick Avenue was accessed from a subway under the street. The LNWR rebuilt Queen's Park station with additional platforms for the Bakerloo Tube's and its own electric services and constructed two train sheds for rolling stock, one each side of the station.
Although the tracks were completed to Queen's Park, delays to the completion of the stations caused the extension to open in stages:
North of Queen's Park, the LNWR had opened its new lines between Willesden Junction and Watford during 1912 and 1913, together with new stations at Harlesden, Stonebridge Park, North Wembley, Kenton and Headstone Lane. The new tracks between Queen's Park and Willesden Junction opened on 10 May 1915, when Bakerloo Tube services were extended there. On 16 April 1917, the tube service was extended to Watford Junction. North of Queen's Park, the Bakerloo Tube served the following stations:
For the extension to Queen's Park, the LER supplemented the existing rolling stock with 14 new carriages ordered from Brush Traction and Leeds Forge Company plus spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR. These carriages, the 1914 stock, were the first to have doors in the sides of the carriages as well as the ends. For the longer extension to Watford, the LER and the LNWR ordered 72 new carriages from the Metropolitan Railway Carriage and Wagon Company. Manufacture of this rolling stock was delayed by the war, and, while it was waiting for delivery, the Bakerloo Tube used spare 1915 stock carriages ordered for an unfinished extension of the CLR to Ealing Broadway and more spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR. Delivery of the carriages for the Watford service, known as the Watford Joint stock because ownership was shared with the LNWR, began in 1920; they were painted in the LNWR's livery to distinguish them from trains operating only on the Bakerloo Tube's tracks.
Camberwell and south-east London.
The southern termination of the line at Elephant & Castle presented the opportunity for the line to be extended further, to serve Camberwell and other destinations in south-east London. In 1913, the Lord Mayor of London announced a proposal for the Bakerloo Tube to be extended to the Crystal Palace via Camberwell Green, Dulwich and Sydenham Hill, but nothing was done to implement the plan. In 1921, the LER costed an extension to Camberwell, Dulwich and Sydenham and in 1922 plans for an extension to Orpington via Loughborough Junction and Catford were considered. In 1928, a route to Rushey Green via Dulwich was suggested. Again, no action was taken, although the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee approved an extension to Camberwell in 1926.
In 1931, an extension to Camberwell was approved as part of the "London Electric Metropolitan District and Central London Railway Companies (Works) Act, 1931". The route was to follow Walworth Road and Camberwell Road south from Elephant and Castle, with stations at Albany Road and under Denmark Hill road at Camberwell. Elephant & Castle station was to be reconstructed with a third platform, a new ticket hall and escalators. However, financial constraints prevented any work from being started.
Improvements, 1914–28.
Overcrowding was a major problem at many stations where interchanges were made with other Underground lines and efforts were made in a number of places to improve passenger movements. In 1914, work was carried out to provide larger ticket halls and install escalators at Oxford Circus, Embankment and Baker Street. In 1923, further work at Oxford Circus provided a combined Bakerloo and CLR ticket hall and added more escalators serving the CLR platforms. In 1926, Trafalgar Square and Waterloo received escalators, the latter in conjunction with expansion of the station as part of the CCE&HR's extension to Kennington. Between 1925 and 1928, Piccadilly Circus station saw the greatest reconstruction. A large circular ticket hall was excavated below the road junction with multiple subway connections from points around the Circus and two flights of escalators down to the Bakerloo and Piccadilly platforms were installed.
Move to public ownership, 1923–33.
Despite closer co-operation and improvements made to the Bakerloo stations and to other parts of the network, the Underground railways continued to struggle financially. The UERL's ownership of the highly profitable London General Omnibus Company (LGOC) since 1912 had enabled the UERL group, through the pooling of revenue, to use profits from the bus company to subsidise the less profitable railways. However, competition from numerous small bus companies during the early 1920s eroded the profitability of the LGOC and had a negative impact on the profitability of the whole UERL group.
To protect the UERL group's income, its chairman Lord Ashfield lobbied the government for regulation of transport services in the London area. Starting in 1923, a series of legislative initiatives were made in this direction, with Ashfield and Labour London County Councillor (later MP and Minister of Transport) Herbert Morrison at the forefront of debates as to the level of regulation and public control under which transport services should be brought. Ashfield aimed for regulation that would give the UERL group protection from competition and allow it to take substantive control of the LCC's tram system; Morrison preferred full public ownership. After seven years of false starts, a bill was announced at the end of 1930 for the formation of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB), a public corporation that would take control of the UERL, the Metropolitan Railway and all bus and tram operators within an area designated as the London Passenger Transport Area. The Board was a compromise – public ownership but not full nationalisation – and came into existence on 1 July 1933. On this date, the LER and the other Underground companies were liquidated.
Legacy.
The plan for the extension to Camberwell was kept alive throughout the 1930s and, in 1940, the permission was used to construct sidings beyond Elephant & Castle. After the Second World War, the plans were revised again, with stations located under Walworth Road and Camberwell Green, and the extension appeared on tube maps in 1949. Rising construction costs caused by difficult ground conditions and restricted funds in the post-war austerity period led the scheme to be cancelled again in 1950. Various proposals have been evaluated since, including an extension to Peckham considered in the early 1970s, but the costs have always out-weighed the benefits.
One of the LPTB's first acts in charge of the Bakerloo line was the opening of a new station at South Kenton on 3 July 1933. As part of the LPTB's New Works Programme announced in 1935, new tube tunnels were constructed from Baker Street to the former MR station at Finchley Road and the Bakerloo line took over the stopping service to Wembley Park and the MR's Stanmore branch. The service opened in November 1939 and remained part of the Bakerloo line until 1979 when it transferred to the Jubilee line.
The Bakerloo line's Watford service frequency was gradually reduced and from 1965 ran only during rush hours. In 1982, the service beyond Stonebridge Park was ended as part of the fall-out of the cancellation of the GLC's "Fares Fair" subsidies policy. A peak hours service was restored to Harrow & Wealdstone in 1984 and a full service was restored in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19193125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193125" title="List of islands of Kiribati">
List of islands of Kiribati

This is a list of islands of Kiribati. The Republic of Kiribati consists of 32 atolls and one raised coral island. These islands are dispersed throughout the three island groups that form Kiribati: 
All but one island, sparsely populated Kanton, in the Phoenix group are uninhabited. The remaining Phoenix Islands make up the Phoenix Islands Marine Protected Area, which is the third largest marine protected area in the world.
The table includes area and population data.
Line Islands.
! Image
! Island ("Previous name")
! Land(km²)
! Lagoon<br>area<br>(km²)
! Coordinates
! Type 
! Population "(2012)"

</doc>
<doc id="19193152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193152" title="Jason Ling">
Jason Ling

Jason Ling was Head of Mobile Products and Technology at MySpace and creator of MySpace Mobile, the Mobile Extension of MySpace.com, formerly the largest Social Network within the United States. He has spoken about Mobile Technology as it pertains to Social Networking. He currently resides in San Francisco, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="19193157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193157" title="Yenadis">
Yenadis

The Yenadis are one of the Scheduled tribes of India. They live in Andhra Pradesh in Nellore district, Chittoor district and Prakasham district.
In 1991 the Yenadis numbered 395,739.

</doc>
<doc id="19193160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193160" title="Amy Kuney">
Amy Kuney

Amy Kathryn Kuney (born August 6, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, and pianist.
Early life.
At the age of 13, Kuney's father moved the family from their home in Oklahoma to Honduras to live as missionaries after he saw a video highlighting the destruction of Hurricane Mitch.
In March 2003, while on a Guatemala sightseeing trip at the age of 17, Kuney and her friends were kidnapped by a group of rebels who eventually let them go. Kuney used this experience to focus her songwriting efforts and wrote the song "How the Wind Must Feel" about the experience.
Career.
Kuney began piano lessons at the age of four and participated in piano recitals and church performances growing up.
Kuney wrote her first song at the age of twelve.
She started playing guitar when she taught herself guitar chords off of a poster her dad bought from Wal-Mart after a trip to the United States at the age of 16.
2008–2010: Bird's Eye View.
's song, which she co-wrote with Tim Myers, "All Downhill From Here" opened the season 5 finale of "One Tree Hill (TV series)" on May 19, 2008.
Kuney opened for Kate Voegele along with The Veronicas on three dates in Summer 2008.
After he heard her cover of his song, The Blower's Daughter, on YouTube, Damien Rice invited Kuney to play shows with him in Iceland in July 2008.
Spin Move Records released Kuney's debut full-length album, "Bird's Eye View," on August 12, 2008.
On Jan. 27, 2009, Kuney released a single package for her song, "Thank You For Last Night." The single release included a single mix of "Thank You For Last Night," a Spanish version, "Gracias Por Anoche," and a cover of Nanci Griffith's 1988 release, "Little Love Affairs."
Kuney wrote the song "Chocolate" in honor of Somebody's Mother's Chocolate Sauce because Lynn Lasher invested in Kuney's career. The song is offered as a free download on the Somebody's Mother's Chocolate Sauce website.
Kuney won the grand prize on OurStage.com with the single mix of her song, "Thank You For Last Night," in March 2009. Placed in the "Pop" music channel, the song beat out the winners from every other channel. Kuney also won the chance perform at JetBlue Airways' new Terminal 5 at John F. Kennedy International Airport through OurStage.com's "Live from T5 Contest" during July 2009.
Kuney opened for Kate Voegele for ten dates on Voegele's Lift Me Up Tour from May 29, 2009 to June 11, 2009.
LnA Clothing featured Kuney's song, "Simple Things," on "The Invisible DJ LnA Music Tee," which the company released online and at Ron Herman stores starting in May 2009. Purchasers of the t-shirt received a code to download all of the songs listed on the t-shirt from the LnA website.
As part of Donate Life's Concert Series at The Grove at Farmers Market presented by Palm, Inc. and the Palm Pre and hosted by KBIG-FM, Kuney opened for Gavin Rossdale during the last date on August 26, 2009. Varsity Fan Club also performed.
2010–present: Onyx.
The reality-thriller "Catfish" features Kuney's song with Tim Myers during the turning point of the film. The character Megan sends Nev MP3s of her songs, including one named "Downhill." The song, which Megan claims to be her own, is actually a live acoustic YouTube version of Kuney singing "All Downhill From Here."
"One Tree Hill" featured Kuney's song, "Hope A Little Harder," on their September 21, 2010 episode, "I Can't See You, But I Know You're There."
Her song, "Gasoline Rainbows," was featured as the title track on a compilation album, also titled Gasoline Rainbows, benefitting the Gulf of Mexico following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, which released on November 30, 2010. The album was put together by Sophia Bush and Austin Nichols and features songs by Damien Rice, Phoenix (band), Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, Silversun Pickups, City and Colour, The National (band), The Black Keys, Onward, Soldiers, Passion Pit, Surfer Blood, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, LCD Soundsystem, and Vampire Weekend.
"Gasoline Rainbows" was also featured in the fourth season of So You Think You Can Dance Canada. A dance to the song was choreographed by Stacey Tookey and performed by dancers Geisha Chin and Joey Arrigo.
Kuney is currently in the studio working on her next full-length album, titled "Onyx."
She released her song, "Where I Can't Follow," on August 16, 2011, and "Waiting For You" on September 13, 2011 as the first two of three promotional singles of her new music. The song "Waiting For You" was inspired by Lady Gaga. Her third single, "Kiss Me Like You Mean It," was released on November 1, 2011.
YouTube.
Kuney is known for her videos on YouTube, which include covers and original songs. Kuney has posted covers of songs by Joni Mitchell, The Script, Damien Rice, P!nk, Fleetwood Mac, Coldplay, The Moldy Peaches, Jace Everett, Patty Griffin, and Sam Sparro. Ann Powers of the "Los Angeles Times" commented on Kuney's YouTube videos in the LA Times blog, Soundboard, mentioning that she found her voice "especially lovely."
Her cover of The Script's single "The Man Who Can't Be Moved" won the band's YouTube cover contest, which allowed Kuney to meet the band.
She also responded to the Kanye West and Taylor Swift incident at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards by rewriting the lyrics to Swift's song Love Story from the perspective of Swift's alter-ego, "T-Swizzle."
Kuney parodied an obsession with Twilight actor Robert Pattinson by covering Miley Cyrus's song Obsessed and filming herself with a blow-up doll that modeled Pattinson.
She and Sergio Rivero, winner of Operación Triunfo's Fourth Series, covered "Happy" from Leona Lewis as a duet in November.
Discography.
Collaborations.
The following songs are credited with Amy Kuney on either lead or backing vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="19193173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193173" title="Wycliffe and the Dead Flautist">
Wycliffe and the Dead Flautist

Wycliffe and the Dead Flautist (1991) is a crime novel by the Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
When the body of amateur flautist Tony Mills is found shot dead by his own gun on the secluded estate of Lord and Lady Bottrell, everyone simply assumes suicide. However, closer inspection reveals some sinister inconsistencies and Wycliffe soon opens a murder investigation, unravelling as he does so the mystery of Mills's last days and the disappearance of Lizzie Biddick, a maid who worked for the Bottrells several years ago.
Eventually, the case takes on a more urgent edge as another body shows up, the result of bitter family feuds and the exposure of illicit relationships...

</doc>
<doc id="19193177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193177" title="Atoposauridae">
Atoposauridae

Atoposauridae is a family of crocodile-like archosaurs. Members of the family have been found from France, Spain, Portugal, Romania, Germany, Kazakhstan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Cameroon, and Thailand.
Classification.
Phylogeny.
Cladogram modified from Buscalioni and Sanz (1988) and Buscalioni and Sanz (1990): 

</doc>
<doc id="19193182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193182" title="Arsen Martirosian">
Arsen Martirosian

Arsen Martirosian also transliterated Martirosyan (born 17 April 1977 in Armenia) is an Armenian super bantamweight boxer. He is currently based in France.
In his amateur career he had 82 victories with 53 knockouts, and a total of 101 fights, he later moved to France and turned professional in 2004.
Martirosian is the EBU-EE (European External European Union) super bantamweight title holder.

</doc>
<doc id="19193197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193197" title="Franke Sloothaak">
Franke Sloothaak

Franke Sloothaak (born February 2, 1958, in Heerenveen, the Netherlands) is a German show jumping champion, Olympic champion from 1988 and 1996.
Olympic Record.
Sloothaak competed for West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he received a bronze medal in "team jumping" with Farmer, and at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, where the team received a gold medal.
He participated for Germany at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where he won a gold medal in Team Jumping, together with Lars Nieberg, Ulrich Kirchhoff and Ludger Beerbaum.

</doc>
<doc id="19193198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193198" title="Los Bunkers">
Los Bunkers

Los Bunkers (Spanish for "The Bunkers") is an alternative rock band from Concepción, Chile, formed in 1999 by brothers Álvaro and Gonzalo López, Mauricio Basualto, and brothers Francisco and Mauricio Durán. 
They are well known in their country for their contemporary sounds of rock, based on sounds of the 1960s, from bands like The Beatles, and also including sounds from their folk roots. The band name is essentially a play on words that at the simplest level recalls Chilean rock groups of the 60s like Los Jokers and Los Sonnys. The use of the letter B and K was also considered to be desirable by the band as it aligned themselves with some of their biggest music idols such as The Beatles and The Kinks. Finally the word Bunkers is also symbolic of the refuge that the band and music had become against all that surrounded them 
They have released seven studio albums: "Los Bunkers"("The Bunkers")(2001), "Canción de Lejos" ("Song From Afar") (2002), "La Culpa" ("The Guilt") (2003), "Vida de Perros" ("Dog's Life") (2005), "Barrio Estación" ("Station's Neighborhood") (2008), "Música Libre" ("Free Music") (2010) and "La velocidad de la luz" ("The speed of light") (2013). "Barrio Estación" (Spanish for "Station's Neighborhood") is their first album to be released internationally. The group has a live album called simply "En Vivo" (Spanish for "Live") (2007).
History.
United initially by their common love for The Beatles, Los Bunkers have shown over the years a growing interest in the composition of Chilean folk roots, especially those working during the 1960s movement of the New Chilean Song. Between these two related creative influences, the band creates music associated with classic rock but with a new freshness, plus an exceptional flexibility that has allowed them to maintain a healthy pace of new albums.
Since of 2008, it has been the Chilean rock group most active in Mexico.
Los Bunkers is one of the three Chilean groups to appear at the Festival Lollapalooza Chicago 2011. They also appeared in Lollapalooza Santiago the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19193220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193220" title="Boaz Kramer">
Boaz Kramer

Boaz Kramer (born January 12, 1978) is an Israeli wheelchair tennis player.
Kramer was born in 1978, partially paralyzed in his left arm and both legs. At the age of five he began practicing disabled sports at the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled. He was active in wheelchair basketball and wheelchair tennis, competing internationally with the latter. In 2012 he was ranked 9th in the world. Alongside sports, Kramer also studied medicine at Tel Aviv University.
Towards the 2008 Paralympic Games, Kramer was chosen by the Israeli Paralympic Committee as Shraga Weinberg's partner in the wheelchair tennis doubles tournament. He competed in the singles event and was eliminated by World Number 3 Nicolas Taylor, In the doubles tournament he and Weinberg won silver.
In 2012, Kramer together with Shraga Weinberg and Noam Gershony won the Wheelchair Tennis World Team Cup.
In the London 2012 Paralympic Games Kramer reached 1/4 Final, where he lost to World Number 1 David Wagner. 
Kramer is married to Shirley Faitelson. He is a father of two children, Rommy and Suf.
Since 2011 he serves as Executive Director of the Israel Sport Center for the Disabled, one of the largest Disabled Sport Facilities and programs in the world.
In 2012, Kramer was elected by the Israeli Globes Magazine as one of the 40 most prominent young CEOs in the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="19193239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193239" title="Big Brother 10 (UK)">
Big Brother 10 (UK)

Big Brother 2009, also known as Big Brother 10, was the tenth series of the British reality television series Big Brother. It began on 4 June 2009 and was aired on Channel 4 and E4 for 93 days, concluding on 4 September 2009 when Sophie "Dogface" Reade was crowned the winner with 74.4% of the viewer's vote. The format of the programme remained largely unchanged from previous series; a group of people, referred to as housemates, are enclosed in the Big Brother House under the surveillance of cameras and microphones. Each week, the viewers decide which of a selection of housemates is evicted and, in the final week, one housemate is voted as the winner. The daily highlights programme was narrated by Marcus Bentley, Davina McCall fronted the launch programme, evictions, special episodes, the final and "Big Brother's Big Mouth" and George Lamb presented "Big Brother's Little Brother".
The programme included 22 participants, four of whom left the programme voluntarily whilst the fate of the others was decided by the public vote. The housemates were originally competing to win a £100,000 prize but, due to rule-breaking by the participants, this was reduced to £71,320. The series, which was sponsored by Lucozade, achieved significantly less media coverage and viewing figures, resulting in it becoming the least-watched series in "Big Brother UK" history until "Big Brother 12" in 2011. This series also attracted controversy, with accusations of bullying between contestants drawing complaints and criticisms levelled at the welfare of housemates after they left the programme.
No housemates represented from series participated in "Ultimate Big Brother", neither did any participate in tasks during that series.
On 17 May 2012, housemate Sophia Brown died at the age of 30, after suffering from the condition Lupus almost all her life. Marcus Bentley, McCall and several former housemates including Lisa, Rodrigo and winner Sophie sent their condolences on Twitter shortly after her death.
Production.
"Big Brother 10" was produced by Brighter Pictures, a division of Endemol. This series of the programme had been confirmed since 2006 as part of a £180 million contract between Endemol and Channel 4. Phil Edgar-Jones was the creative director of the series whilst Sharon Powers was the executive producer. Open auditions for the programme, which were confirmed during the final of "Celebrity Big Brother 6", began on 3 January 2009 in Edinburgh and ended on 7 February in Manchester. Internet auditioning via YouTube, which saw 2,600 apply, ended on 3 February 2009. Auditionees were subjected to three interviews with various producers, additional meetings with a psychologist and a psychiatrist and a final "talk of doom", in which they were warned about the negative impact that appearing on "Big Brother" could have on their lives. In the weeks preceding the series, the selected housemates were put into "hiding" with no access to the outside world. Housemates were offered aftercare from the production team for up to six months after they left the programme.
Eye logo.
The programme's logo, the Big Brother Eye, is based on a black, purple and blue thumbprint and was released on 11 May. It was designed by Daniel Eatock. From 19 May, Channel 4 began uploading teaser clips to the official Big Brother UK YouTube channel; these were also aired during commercial breaks on Channel 4 and its related channels. The series was sponsored by Lucozade Energy and the promotional break bumpers were created by M&C Saatchi and are based upon a 'little brother versus big brother' scenario. The programme began on 4 June, with a 95-minute special programme which introduced the initial 16 participants, and was broadcast on Channel 4 and E4 over a period of 93 days, concluding with the final on 4 September.
Broadcasts.
The main television coverage of "Big Brother 10" was screened using daily highlights programmes, narrated by Marcus Bentley. These episodes summarised the events of the previous day in the House. Alongside these highlights shows were spin-off programmes, "Big Brother's Big Mouth" and "Big Brother's Little Brother", that commented on fandom, cultural reaction to the events within the House and included interviews with celebrities, former housemates and family and friends of housemates. On Fridays, a live eviction programme was hosted by Davina McCall in which the evicted contestant left the house and received an interview from McCall and two guests. For 2009, "BBLB" returned with George Lamb presenting five weekday evening programmes and one Sunday edition per week. "Big Mouth" was also fronted by McCall and was broadcast on E4 on Friday nights for an hour after the main eviction programme.
Interview panel.
In a change to normal eviction interviews this series saw McCall and the evictee on a panel joined by two celebrity fans or psychologists, joining them were:
The panel was not used for the finale, however, Judi James made a recorded segment about each finalist. The panel format was scrapped for the following celebrity and regular series, where McCall interviewed the evictee in the traditional format.
House.
As with each series since "Big Brother 2002", the programme was filmed at Elstree Studios in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire. A total of 27 editing suites, manned by over 300 members of staff, were situated in the "George Lucas Stage" to produce the programme. In the 18 May issue of "Star" magazine, aerial photographs of the House were published, showing the garden under construction. Official pictures of the House interior were released by Channel 4 on 1 June, showing the entrance stairway, living room and garden. The entrance stairway had images of insects on its walls whilst the garden and living room had a science fiction theme; the former included a bus stop as the designated smoking area. On 3 June, "Metro" published an image of the Diary Room, which has a multicoloured chair and wall pattern. There was also a shipping container-based bathroom, a sitting room with red sofas, a wood panelled kitched with purple, black and white fittings and a bedroom with splats of paint covering the walls. The house contained 44 cameras, 75 two-way mirrors and 57 fixed microphones, as well as individual microphones for each housemate.
Format.
The format remained largely unchanged from previous series. Housemates were incarcerated in the Big Brother House with no contact to and from the outside world. Each week, the housemates took part in a compulsory task that determined the amount of money they were allocated to spend on their shopping; if they passed, they received a luxury budget and they were allocated a basic budget if they failed. Housemates were instructed to nominate two fellow housemates for eviction each week. This compulsory vote was conducted in the privacy of the Diary Room and housemates were not allowed to discuss the nomination process or influence the nominations of others. On Day 68, Big Brother changed the rules to allow housemates to discuss nominations until further notice. The two or more housemates who gathered the most nominations per week faced a public vote and the housemate receiving the most votes was evicted from the House on the Friday and interviewed by Davina McCall. Housemates could voluntarily leave the House at any time and those who broke the rules could have been ejected by Big Brother.
In a change from previous series, Channel 4 announced that it would no longer donate any of its income from the premium-rate telephone lines, by which viewers vote for whom they would like to see evicted or win the programme, to charitable organisations. The broadcaster said that the current economic downturn is to blame for this decision and that the change would bring "Big Brother" into line with other programmes of its kind, such as "The X Factor" and "Strictly Come Dancing". The format of the live eviction interview programme was altered for this series. Unlike previous series in which McCall interviewed evicted housemates by herself, she was instead joined by two guest panellists to "interrogate" the evictee. Panellists included former housemates, journalists, psychologists, and fans of the programme. A new rule was added to the programme at the start of the series; "fake romances" were not permitted.
Housemates.
"Big Brother 10" saw 22 contestants competing to win. Sixteen participants entered the House on Day 1 and an additional five housemates entered the House on Day 44, followed by one other on Day 56. Four housemates left the House on their own accord. This series also gains the distinction of featuring the first homosexual relationship in the programme's history, which involved the housemates Charlie Drummond and Rodrigo Lopes.
Angel McKenzie is a 35-year-old professional boxer and artist from Moscow, Russia. She is the adoptive daughter of former British and European light welterweight boxing champion, Clinton McKenzie She became a housemate as the result of a public vote on Day 4. She kept her birthday a secret from her fellow housemates, celebrating it alone in the Diary Room. On Day 21, in a special live nominations show, she was nominated for the first time. On Day 23, became the fourth housemate to be evicted with 81% of the public vote. Angel later appeared in the first episode of game show "Red or Black?" on 3 September 2011, where she finished as a runner-up.
Bea Hamill entered the House on Day 24 with four other new housemates. Alongside them she was tasked with ensuring that Noirin and Halfwit received the most nominations but refused to participate claiming it went against her morals. She was evicted on Day 79, in week twelve just one week before the final.
Beinazir Lasharie is a study support assistant from Pakistan. Her family, after receiving death threats due to their support of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto were given asylum in the United Kingdom when she was a year old. On Day 4, Beinazir did not gain full housemate status by public vote and became the first evictee. There was no crowd present as she left the House and she was escorted from the premises in a red Routemaster Bus.
Cairon Reon Austin-Hill is a student and the youngest contestant in this year's Big Brother. He became a housemate after winning the biscuit dunking task on Day 3. On Day 12, Cairon received four nominations by his fellow housemates which was enough to be up for eviction against Freddie. On Day 16, he became the third evictee with 73.16% of the vote.
Charles Andrew "Charlie" Drummond is a 22 year-old Jobcentre customer service advisor from Cleadon. He was "Mr Gay Newcastle 2007" and was a runner up for "Mr Gay UK". He became a housemate for successfully walking barefoot on broken sugar glass, believing it to be real glass. He finished in 4th place.
David Ramsden is a clothing recycler from Dewsbury, near Leeds in West Yorkshire. He entered the House on Day 44 with four other new housemates. With them he was tasked with ensuring that Noirin and Halfwit received the most nominations, but the new housemates failed their task and faced the public vote, though the eviction was ultimately cancelled. On Day 91, David celebrated his 29th birthday, and he received a birthday message from fashion designer Vivienne Westwood, who he claims is his hero.
David has also been on UK television show Golden Balls. He finished 3rd.
Frederick "Freddie/Halfwit" George Fisher, born 21 June 1985 is an Oxford graduate and book reseller from Market Drayton, who lives with his parents at their stately home. He changed his name by deed poll to "Halfwit" in order to gain housemate status. On Day 6 Halfwit was nominated for eviction by his fellow housemates and on Day 9 he survived the public vote after receiving 8.8% of the vote. On Day 12 he was nominated for eviction along with Cairon and on Day 16, with 26.84%, he survived his second public vote. On Day 21, in a special live nominations show, he was nominated for the third time, surviving with 19% of the public vote on Day 23. On Day 26, Halfwit was nominated for eviction along with Sree, surviving for the fourth consecutive time on Day 30 with 15% of the public vote.
Halfwit survived the most consecutive evictions out of anyone in the history of the show, having survived the public vote 5 times in a row and 7 times in total. On Day 72 as a special prize, Halfwit and Dogface legally changed their names back to Freddie and Sophie. On the same day Freddie was evicted from the house over Marcus gaining 53.6% of the public vote to evict.
Hira Habibshah entered on Day 44, and was given a secret mission in which she had to brief her fellow new housemates, it involved ensuring that Noirin and Halfwit were nominated. The task was failed, resulting in her nomination along with the other new housemates. On Day 59, she was named the 'Most Entertaining Housemate' by Big Brother. On Day 65 she became the ninth person to be evicted with 5.65% of the public vote.
Isaac Stout is Noirin's boyfriend and entered the house disguised as a fish and chips delivery-man on Day 56, and later walked out on day 58 after girlfriend, Noirin, was evicted. He originally met Noirin during his time as a castmate on MTV's "".
Karly Ashworth (born 14 April 1988) is a part-time glamour model from Fife in Scotland. She was polled as one of FHM's "Top High Street Honeys". She became the seventh housemate after being tricked into believing that she had a motorbike ridden over her stomach. On Day 39, Karly was nominated for eviction by her fellow housemates. Karly was evicted on Day 44, the same night as her boyfriend, Kenneth, entered the house as a new housemate.
Kenneth Tong entered the house on Day 44, minutes before his girlfriend Karly was evicted. Alongside his fellow new housemates, he had to ensure that both Noirin and Halfwit were nominated for eviction but the new housemates failed their task so faced the public vote. Tong blamed fellow housemate Bea Hamill for the task's failure as she had refused to participate on "moral grounds". Following an argument between the pair, Tong was warned by Big Brother for language that "could be perceived as threatening" when he said he would "pay someone to deal with her". On Day 50, Kenneth fled the house via the rooftop with Marcus' assistance. As a result, the eviction for week eight was cancelled.
Kris Donnelly is a visual merchandiser from Shrewsbury. He became the fourth person to be confirmed as a housemate when he was selected by Lisa, who had earned the privilege to choose by answering a ringing phone. On Day 33, Big Brother told Kris to remain silent until 2 a.m. as punishment for discussing nominations or automatically face the public vote. He failed to keep quiet and faced eviction. On Day 37, he was evicted with 63% of the public vote.
Lisa Elizabeth Wallace is the oldest contestant in the series who entered the House with a distinctive pink mohican haircut, which she shaved off during the series. She became the third person to be rewarded with housemate status when she answered a ringing telephone. She was evicted on day 90 in the final eviction of the series with 68.59% to evict.
Marcus Akin was made a housemate as the result of a public vote on Day 4. On Day 29, Marcus was warned about comments he made to fellow housemate Sree, which Marcus hotly denied. On Day 50, he helped Kenneth Tong escape from the Big Brother house. Marcus was the twelfth housemate to be evicted with 64% of the vote on day 86.
Noirin Kelly from Dublin, Republic of Ireland is a former All Ireland athletics champion. She also appeared on "" in 2007 as the girlfriend of fellow contestant Isaac Stout. She was granted housemate status when she allowed Rodrigo to shave her eyebrows and draw a moustache and glasses with permanent marker on her face. She had to do this every day until further notice. On Day 58, Noirin was evicted from the Big Brother house with 60.0% of the public vote. Outside of the house in September 2009 Norin appeared on the front cover of Nuts and 10 pages of the magazine consisted of pictures of her and an interview with her.
Rodrigo Lopes (Rodrigo Trisuzzi Lopes) is a Brazilian student living in Leeds. Rodrigo was the twelfth person to enter the house and earned housemate status after convincing Noirin to allow her eyebrows to be shaved and to draw a moustache and glasses on her face under the order of Big Brother. Rodrigo had spoken of an ambition to drink tea with the "Queen of Britain" and on Day 61 Big Brother gave Rodrigo the opportunity to send a letter to the Queen. Big Brother offered Rodrigo a chance to have tea with the "Queen". However, all of the other housemates had to trick Rodrigo into thinking the Queen lookalike was actually the Queen. Rodrigo finished in 5th place.
In 2012, Rodrigo told the press that she is a trans woman, and she now uses the name Rebekah Shelton.
Saffia May Corden is a beauty consultant from Hucknall, Nottingham and single mother of two children. She became a housemate for successfully walking barefoot on broken sugar glass, believing it to be real glass. She walked from the House on Day 8.
Siavash Sabbaghpour is an event organiser who left his homeland Iran at an early age to live in London. He was known in the house for wearing eccentric clothes and admitted he was a "slave to fashion". Siavash was made a housemate as the result of a public vote on Day 4 and finished in second place.
Sophia Brown is 4'11", from London and worked as a private banking assistant. She had the autoimmune condition lupus. She was made a housemate as the result of a public vote on Day 4. On Day 6 Sophia was nominated for eviction by her fellow housemates. On Day 9 she became the second evictee with 91.2% of the public vote.
Sophia died on 17 May 2012.
Sophie/Dogface Victoria Reade (born 18 May 1989) is a glamour model from Nantwich, Cheshire and was the winner of the series. She changed her name by deed poll to "Dogface" in order to become a housemate. On Day 72 as a special prize, Halfwit and Dogface legally changed their names back to Freddie and Sophie.
Sophie was announced the winner of the show on 4 September with 74.4% of the final vote.
Sree Dasari is from India. A students' union president, he was in the United Kingdom studying for a masters degree in International Business at the University of Hertfordshire in Hatfield. He was made a housemate as the result of a public vote on Day 4. On Day 30, with 85% of the public vote, Sree became the fifth evictee. He attempted suicide by slashing his wrists shortly after being evicted.
Thomas Martin "Tom" Oliver entered on Day 44. On Day 53, Tom voluntarily left the Big Brother after 9 days.
Summary.
During the first three days, the group undertook a series of tasks by which they could earn the right to become housemates. For the first task, Rodrigo was given four minutes to convince someone to let him shave off their eyebrows and have a moustache and a pair of glasses permanently drawn on to their face for an unstated period of time; he successfully convinced Noirin and they both became housemates, gaining access to the previously locked bedroom. The remaining non-housemates were instructed to change into a special uniform. Anyone not obeying would lose the opportunity to become a housemate. Lisa gained housemate status in the early hours of Day 2 when she answered a ringing phone in the living room. Given 15 minutes to select the fourth housemate, she chose Kris. Charlie and Saffia later became housemates after walking barefoot over broken sugar glass, believing it to be real glass, and Karly became the seventh housemate after being tricked into believing that she had a motorbike ridden over her stomach. Freddie and Sophie became housemates after changing their names, documented by deed poll to Halfwit and Dogface respectively. On Day 3 Cairon earned housemate status by dunking a biscuit in a cup of tea for 25.5 seconds without it disintegrating. Remaining non-housemates Angel, Beinazir, Marcus, Siavash, Sophia and Sree faced the public vote on Day 4 to determine which five would become housemates and which one would be evicted. With 6.8% of a vote to save, Beinazir became the first evictee without ever becoming a housemate.
The first round of nominations took place on Day 6 and resulted in Halfwit and Sophia facing the public vote. On Day 8, the first shopping task saw Kris negotiate his way through a field of laser beams to retrieve the "Emerald of Hope", with one of his fellow housemates being soaked by a bursting balloon full of gunge whenever he interrupted a beam. He completed the task successfully, earning a luxury budget. However, as punishment for Marcus, Sophia and Sree discussing nominations, Big Brother doubled the price of every item on the shopping list. Later that day, Saffia left the House voluntarily to be with her children and Sophia was evicted with 91.2% of the public vote the following night.
Cairon and Halfwit received the most nominations in week two and faced eviction. The housemates successfully learned and performed the song and dance routine "Me Ol' Bamboo" from the film "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" and won a luxury shopping budget of £5 per person per day. On Day 16, Cairon was evicted with 73.2% of the vote.
Day 18, the first day of week three, began with a day-long hippy-themed celebration of Halfwit's 24th birthday, in which Big Brother gave him the "Gift of Normality" that he could keep for himself or give to either Dogface or Noirin. He chose Noirin, freeing her from the obligation to draw a moustache and glasses on her face each day. The housemates failed every part of the Tudor-themed shopping task and received only a basic budget. During the task, Siavash, playing King Henry VIII, was called upon to ban one housemate from nominating and to grant another immunity. He chose Charlie and Marcus respectively. On Day 21, the housemates nominated against the clock in a live programme, resulting in Angel and Halfwit facing the public vote. On Day 23, Angel became the fourth person to be evicted with 81.0% of the vote.
Halfwit and Sree received the most nominations and faced the public vote in week four. In an Italy-themed shopping task, Siavash played the role of a fashionista who was required to change his outfit at Big Brother's request and strike a pose whenever Madonna's "Vogue" was played into the House. Sree and Dogface's contribution was to run a 24-hour ice cream delivery service, while Marcus and Noirin created paintings based on the works of Leonardo da Vinci and Sandro Botticelli. Charlie and Kris played Italian footballers and Lisa had to predict football scores correctly. The task climaxed in a performance of Giacomo Puccini's "Nessun Dorma" with Karly, Halfwit and Rodrigo playing The Three Tenors. On Day 28, the housemates were told they had passed the task, earning themselves a luxury shopping budget. On Day 30, Sree became the fifth person to be evicted from the House with 85.0% of the vote.
In week five, on Day 33, Big Brother punished Charlie for discussing nominations, telling him to remain silent for the rest of the day or else face the public vote. Later, Dogface and Kris were similarly punished, also for discussing nominations. All three failed to keep quiet and faced the public vote, along with Halfwit and Marcus, who received the most nominations. On Day 35, the housemates failed the circus-themed shopping task and received a basic shopping budget. On Day 37, Kris became the sixth person to be evicted from the House with 63.0% of the vote.
In week six, on Day 39, Big Brother told Siavash and Dogface that, because they had discussed nominations earlier in the week, they would face eviction if they uttered a single profanity before 3 p.m. They both failed and therefore faced the public vote, along with Karly and Noirin who received the most nominations. The shopping task consisted of nine separate challenges from previous editions of "Big Brother", in which housemates had to compete against former contestants (see the week seven shopping task section). The housemates failed to pass the required number of challenges and therefore failed the overall task. On Day 44, five new housemates, Kenneth, Bea, David, Hira and Tom entered the House and Karly became the seventh person to be evicted with 50.4% of the vote.
Week seven saw housemates take part in a Greek-themed shopping task with a twist, which involved Charlie and Rodrigo learning a routine by Stavros Flatley, a dance duo featured on "Britain's Got Talent". However, playing Zeus, Halfwit was the only housemate aware of the true nature of the task. In each of three challenges he had to ensure, while still keeping the secret, that his chosen champion defeated the appropriate Greek god. He failed and the housemates received a basic shopping budget. Bea, Charlie, David, Dogface, Halfwit, Hira, Kenneth, Marcus, Noirin, Siavash and Tom all faced eviction. In the early hours of Day 50, Kenneth escaped from the House via the rooftop with help from Marcus, and this led to the eviction being cancelled.
In week eight, in the early hours of Day 53, Tom voluntarily left the Big Brother House. With five nominations each, Marcus and Noirin faced the public vote. For the shopping task the housemates split into two groups, creating human puppets with one housemate providing the head and feet and another providing the arms, and making them dance to music by Girls Aloud and Take That. Visitors to the Big Brother web site decided by voting that the housemates had failed the task. On Day 56, Noirin's ex-boyfriend Isaac entered the House, but left voluntarily shortly after Noirin's eviction on Day 58 with 60.0% of the public vote.
Bea and Marcus received the most nominations in week nine, but Marcus's attempts to persuade the housemates to nominate him and Siavash's refusal to nominate backfired when Big Brother declared the result void and made all housemates face the public vote to save, not evict. The shopping task was based on Lewis Carroll's Victorian children's novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" in which Hira, in the role of Alice, having first been "shrunk" in the Diary Room, spent more than five hours searching for a key buried inside a giant cup cake using only her face. The housemates passed the task and received a luxury shopping budget. On Day 65, Hira became the ninth evictee, having received 5.7% of the vote to save.
In week ten, following continual rule breaking by a number of housemates, Big Brother decided to allow the discussion of nominations until further notice. Halfwit and Marcus received the most nominations and faced the public vote. The housemates took part in a "Best of British" shopping task in which they had to bog snorkel, play the bagpipes and convince Rodrigo he had met the Queen, who was in fact the impersonator Janette Charles. On Day 72, as a special prize for succeeding in this task, Halfwit and Dogface legally changed their names back to Freddie and Sophie. On the same day, Freddie became the tenth evictee from the Big Brother House with 53.6% of the public vote.
Siavash and Sophie both refused to nominate in week eleven. As punishment for breaking this fundamental rule, Big Brother decided that the first two housemates with whom Siavash came into contact and the first two that Sophie mentioned by name after leaving the Diary Room would be taken as their nominations. Siavash touched Bea and Sophie, and Sophie named Rodrigo and Bea. Bea, David and Marcus received the most nominations and faced the public vote this week. In the House of Horrors-themed shopping task Charlie, in the role of Dr Frankenstein, played a version of the game "Operation" in which Bea, playing his Monster, received a shock whenever his hand faltered. On Day 79, Bea was evicted with 88.2% of the vote.
The housemates participated in a future-related task during week twelve, in which Sophie and Rodrigo learned a robotic dance routine to Daft Punk's song "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger" and Lisa and David left the House with instructions to have photographs taken by members of the public in front of three London landmarks whilst dressed as aliens. While they were away, the rest of the housemates attempted to break out of the House and Big Brother responded by reducing the £100,000 prize fund to zero, later announcing that the housemates would be given a chance to win back the money over the course of the next few days. As Siavash refused to nominate, Big Brother allocated his nominations to Charlie and Sophie and Marcus and Siavash were put up for eviction. On Day 85, Siavash accepted the offer of £10,000 towards the prize fund for exchanging his clothes with an outfit provided by Big Brother and the Housemates received a £20 cheque after requesting a mystery prize from the weekly shopping list. Later that day, Marcus rejected Big Brother's offer of £15,000 to shave his ponytail and the group turned down the chance to win £1,500 by swimming 1,500 lengths of the pool. On Day 86, Rodrigo won £6,000 towards the prize fund by correctly guessed the regional locations of three animals after listening to a series of sound effects. Later that day, Marcus was evicted with 64.0% of the public vote.
The housemates competed in a "task with no name" on Day 87, the first day of week thirteen. In this task, the Housemates were provided with several challenges and puzzles but were unaware that they all had to leave the room in order to pass. The housemates passed the task and added £10,000 to the prize fund. The following day, the housemates' previous nominations were shown to the group and Big Brother set them a quiz on what they had seen in order to add money to the prize fund. The group answered 53 of the 60 questions correctly, gaining £5,300 to the winner's prize. A round of nominations took place on this day, which Charlie, Siavash and Sophie refused to participate in. This meant that all of the housemates faced eviction, as David, Lisa and Rodrigo received the most eligible nominations. On Day 89, the housemates were shown the episode of "Big Brother" which documented Day 50 in the House and were told to re-enact it over a five-hour period. They passed this task, earning a luxury shopping budget. However, in order to view the reconstruction the group had to replicate the music video of "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", a song by Beyoncé Knowles. The group did so, with David portraying Knowles, and were therefore rewarded with a screening of the task after Lisa was evicted with 68.6% of the vote. On Day 91, Charlie, Rodrigo, Sophie and Siavash were instructed to rank themselves in different categories, such as order of selfishness and likelihood to win. David, who was isolated in the Diary Room, had to answer questions based on their answers. As he answered four of the ten questions correctly, he added £40,000 to the prize fund. This meant that the prize fund was settled at £71,320.
After Lisa's eviction on Day 90, the viewers began voting for who they wanted to win the programme. On Day 93, the final day, Rodrigo was the first to be evicted with 11.0% of the five-way vote and he was followed by Charlie, who received 13.2% of the five-way vote. It was then announced that David had finished in third place after gaining 19.0% of the three-way vote. Davina McCall then revealed that Sophie had won this series with 74.4% of the final two-way vote, with Siavash finishing in second place.
Tenth year commemorations.
Additional programming.
Three special, one-off programmes aired on E4 before the launch to commemorate ten years of the programme. The first of which, entitled "Jade: As Seen On TV" aired on 26 May and commented on the life of "Big Brother 2002" contestant Jade Goody and the infamy that surrounded her. The most successful "Big Brother" housemate worldwide, Goody died of cervical cancer two months before the programme aired. The programme was watched by 305,000 people; 1.8% of the TV audience.
"Big Brother's Big Quiz", hosted by Davina McCall, aired on 29 May and featured celebrity team captains singer Jamelia, TV presenter and "Celebrity Big Brother" winner Ulrika Jonsson and comedians Danny Wallace and Jack Whitehall. It also featured former "Big Brother" housemates such as Craig Phillips and Sam and Amanda Marchant.
"Big Brother: A Decade in the Headlines" was transmitted on 30 May and looked back at the social, political and cultural changes that "Big Brother" had made to society since it began. The documentary was hosted by Grace Dent and featured participation from Mark Frith, Carole Malone, Oona King, Peter Tatchell, Krishnan Guru-Murthy and Ian Hyland.
Spin-off programme "Big Brother's Little Brother" featured new competitions and features to mark the event. The first, "The George Lamb Quiz of the Decade", was launched on 7 June. The participants had to show their knowledge of the programme by participating in a quiz relating to every series of "Big Brother". Another competition was established as part of the Greek-themed task in week eight. Here, male "Big Brother's Little Brother" viewers were asked to apply to become a date for Bea Hammill, who was playing the role of Aphrodite. The contestant chosen was Robin from Bristol. The programme also offered a viewer the chance to become Big Brother and talk to the housemates via the Diary Room on the final day of the programme; this was won by Simon "Jobby" Jobson, a 22-year-old DJ from Alnwick, Northumberland. Former housemates, such as Nadia Almada and Rachel Rice, also appeared as guests to mark the occasion.
Week seven shopping task.
The shopping task for week seven saw housemates from the previous nine series temporarily return, as current housemates competed against them in a series of "classic" tasks. Former housemates were not paid; a donation was made to Jade Goody's trust fund instead. On Day 40, Craig Phillips, winner of the first series of "Big Brother", entered the house to participate in a replica of his series' assault course task alongside Halfwit. Phillips was drafted in after "Nasty" Nick Bateman withdrew. Later that day, Lisa competed in a task to build a sugar cube tower alongside Dean O'Loughlin of series two. Day 41 saw Alex Sibley, Sophie Pritchard and Lee Davey from the programme's third edition compete in a re-creation of the egg and spoon race task with Rodrigo trying to predict the outcome. Later that day, Federico Martone from series four participated in a gymkhana competition against Noirin using fake horses and Dogface and Michelle Bass both sang "Pie Jesu", which featured in the wedding task of series five, with viewers deciding which performance was the best. On Day 42, Craig Coates and Makosi Musambasi challenged Siavash to the box task from the sixth series and series seven's Nikki Grahame reenacted her silent disco task alongside Karly. Brian Belo from series eight took part in a word association game with Charlie. The task drew to a close on Day 43 when Rex Newmark from the previous series returned to participate in the electric shock task with Marcus, in which the rest of housemates were subjected to shocks. The housemates failed to pass the required minimum of seven of the nine challenges and therefore failed the overall task.
Reception.
In comparison with other contemporary reality television programmes and previous editions of "Big Brother", this series has received lower viewing figures and less press coverage. Bookmakers have also reported that this series has attracted the lowest amount of bets placed for any reality programme in the last decade. Four weeks before the programme began, former chat show presenter Michael Parkinson was critical of the programme; "I object to the exploitation of the underclass in shows like "Big Brother". It is the modern version of Bedlam, where you pay to see the poor benighted people making asses of themselves". Charlie Brooker of "The Guardian" said that the series contained forgettable participants and that the producers were alienating the viewers with confusing tasks that seemed to take place "every four minutes". Simmy Richman of "The Independent" wrote that the programme had become predictable after ten editions and that it had a "here-we-go-again feel". They also complained that the format had become clichéd and the housemates stereotypical, and they criticised the producers for enrolling participants who were using the programme as "a springboard to a "Heat" magazine cover and temporary free entry to dodgy nightclubs". Maggie Brown, writing in her book "A Licence to be Different — The Story of Channel 4", believed that the programme limited its broadcaster as the cost to produce the programme were not justified by the number of viewers it attracted. Mark Lawson, also writing in "The Guardian", suggested that the lack of viewers linked with a tired format and minimal press coverage, claiming that the newspapers had become preoccupied with stories such as the outbreak of swine flu, death of Michael Jackson and MPs' expenses scandal. Lawson also believed that the death of "Big Brother 2002" participant Jade Goody prior to the launch of "Big Brother 2009" contributed to the low viewing figures. Journalist James Donaghy branded the programme a "sorry atrocity" and celebrity gossip blogger Darryn Lyons said that the series had been "massively disappointing", pinpointing Isaac Stout's entrance as a "desperate stunt" to attract viewers. Despite returning to the House to participate in a task, former housemate Dean O'Loughlin has also been critical of this series, describing it as "way too superficial".
However, the series has also received praise from various parties. For example, Gerard Gilbert of "The Independent" argued that in comparison to contemporary TV dramas, "Big Brother" provides much more entertainment, psychological depth and social impact. Gilbert also commented that the storylines of the programme were equal to that of the works of Samuel Beckett. Craig Phillips, the winner of the first series of "Big Brother", and the programme's presenter Davina McCall have responded to the criticisms of the programme's decreasing viewing figures, respectively arguing that the programme achieves low numbers due to the different way in which viewers can watch the programme and that the programme is achieving well considering its timeslot and broadcaster. Brian Dowling, who won the second edition of Big Brother in 2001, defended both the programme and the reality genre as a whole, telling BBC Breakfast that producers were simply providing viewers what they want, such as extreme participants. "The Guardian"'s Heidi Stephens also complimented the series by claiming that it has "seen the emergence of some truly fascinating personalities" and welcomed the return to the basic format of the programme. Stephens went on to compare the storylines and characters of the programme with that of a John Hughes film. Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace, who came third in the seventh series, and "Big Brother 2003" winner Cameron Stout praised the selection of housemates, both claiming that the quality of the programme had improved on previous years. Entertainment website Digital Spy was also complimentary of the series, naming Sophie "Dogface" Reade and Kris Donnelly as two of the sexiest housemates of the past ten years and Angel McKenzie as one of the most outrageous. Towards the end of the programme's airing, Neil Boom of "The Independent" argued that the series is "one of the best ever" despite a decline in the number of viewers. He claimed that there was still high interest on internet forums and that the lower television ratings might be due to the removal of the 24-hour live feed. He praised the selection of housemates and highlighted Siavash, Freddie and Marcus as particular examples. Following the end of the series, Davina McCall also considered "Big Brother 10" to be "Big Brother at its best."
Viewing figures.
The opening "Big Brother 2009" launch episode, which aired on Channel 4 on 4 June, attracted 4.8 million viewers, with a 22% viewing share. A further 239,000 watched via Channel 4's timeshift channel, Channel 4 +1. The rating was the highest in its timeslot, with its nearest competition, a repeat of "Taggart" on ITV1 bringing 3.3 million viewers. Despite this, the launch was 400,000 viewers down on its 2008 counterpart.
The first special edition of the programme, which was transmitted live on 7 June at 10 p.m. and saw Beinazir Lasharie being evicted, achieved 1.78 million viewers with a 9.9% viewing share. The programme was scheduled directly against "" on BBC One, which was viewed by 7.66 million; 36.1% of the audience. A further 186,000 watched the programme on Channel 4 +1. The first official eviction programme aired on 12 June and was watched by 2.9 million people, 13% of the viewing audience. At the same time, BBC One's "Have I Got News For You" and ITV1's "Doc Martin" achieved 5.6 million (26% of the audience) and 3.6 million (17% of the audience) viewers respectively. A further 104,000 watched the eviction on Channel 4 +1. 3 million people, 13% of the audience, and an extra 159,000 Channel 4 +1 viewers watched Cairon Austin-Hill's eviction a week later. A special edition of the programme hosted by Davina McCall, which aired at 9 p.m. on 24 June and saw the Housemates nominate live, was watched by 1.8 million; 9% of the audience. The episode gained higher audience figures than other programmes that were airing at the same time, such as Sky1's "The Take", ITV2's "America's Got Talent" and Five's broadcast of the film "For a Few Dollars More", which were viewed by 479,000, 456,000 and 1.2 million viewers respectively. However, BBC One's "Famous, Rich and Homeless" and ITV1's "Spain: Paradise Lost" achieved higher viewers with 4.7 and 3.6 million people watching respectively. Angel McKenzie's eviction, which aired on 26 June, achieved a 1.6 million viewers and a 10% audience share between 10.35 p.m. and 11.10 p.m. The end of the programme overlapped with a special edition of "Newsnight" on BBC Two, documenting the death of Michael Jackson, which achieved a 9% share with 1.2 million watching. However, 131,000 watched the eviction an hour later on Channel 4 +1. The eviction that took place on 3 July attracted 2.3 million viewers, a 13% audience share, at 10.35 p.m. with 100,000 watching later on Channel 4 +1. The eviction on 10 July achieved 2.1 million viewers; 13% of the audience.
A week of special programmes commemorating the tenth year of "Big Brother" saw an increase in viewers, with a peak of 2.7 million (13% of the audience) watching the episode on Friday, 17 July with an additional 165,000 watching on the +1 channel. Later that evening, 2.8 million people, a 19% share, saw Karly Ashworth’s eviction with 273,000 more viewing later on Channel 4 +1. The eviction scheduled for 24 August was cancelled after Kenneth Tong voluntarily left the programme, leading the episode to be replace with an interview with Tong from Davina McCall; this attracted 12% of the audience at 1.9 million viewers and 195,000 more watched on Channel 4 +1. The 30 July episode, which saw Isaac Stout arriving, was viewed by 2.2 million Channel 4 viewers – achieving more viewers that BBC Two’s "Psychoville" and Sky1’s "Lie to Me" that charted at 1.26 million (6.2%) and 424,000 (2.5%) respectively. 2.4 million people saw Noirin Kelly’s eviction on 31 July and an additional 125,000 watched on Channel 4 +1. On 7 August, Hira Habibshah was evicted with 2.4 million viewers, 15% of the audience, watching initially and another 94,000 viewing later on Channel 4 +1. The 14 August eviction attracted 2.1 million, 14% of the audience, with 75,000 more watching on the timeshift service. The following week, 2.2 million viewers, a 13% share, saw the eviction and 122,000 watched later on Channel 4 +1. On 28 August, 2.2 million and a 15% share watched the eviction programme; 98,000 more viewed the programme on Channel 4 +1. This achieved more viewers than two episodes of "The Tudors", that aired on BBC Two and attracted 9% of the audience at 1.7 million. A total of 2.4 million viewers, 12% of the audience share, watched the eviction on 1 September and 142,000 watched via Channel 4 +1. The programme beat many of its commercial rivals during this time slot, such as ITV1's "News at Ten", a repeat of BBC Two's "Mock the Week" and an episode of on Five, which achieved 2.1, 1.9 and 1.5 million viewers respectively.
Until 2011, the final of "Big Brother 2009" had the lowest-ever closing night audience of any "Big Brother" series. The first episode, broadcast between 8.30pm and 9.30pm, came in at third place out of the five main broadcasters and averaged 2.6 million viewers at 12%. The winning broadcaster in this slot was ITV1; an episode of "Coronation Street" and a repeat of "Rebus" achieved 6.7 and 3.9 million viewers respectively. An additional 170,000 watched on Channel 4 +1. The second installment of the final started at 10pm was watched by an average of 2.7 million viewers, 16% of the audience, and this peaked at 3.1 million viewers when Sophie Reade was announced as the winner. This part of the final came second in its timeslot; it was beaten by the "BBC Ten O'Clock News" and "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" which achieved 3.4 and 2.9 million viewers respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19193249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193249" title="Mu Sigma Rho">
Mu Sigma Rho

Mu Sigma Rho is the US national statistics honor society. Founded in 1968 at Iowa State University, it seeks to promote and encourage scholarly activity in statistics, and to recognize outstanding achievement among students and faculty thereof. Its activities include outreach and professional service.

</doc>
<doc id="19193265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193265" title="InTru3D">
InTru3D

InTru3D is a brand that identifies content that may be viewed in stereoscopic 3D. Motion pictures or other visual media bearing the brand are developed through animation technology developed by Intel Corporation in partnership with DreamWorks Animation in 2008. InTru3D enables animators to author films directly in 3D for what is described as "a more realistic 3D experience." Animated films authored with InTru3D are shown in theaters using 3D stereoscopic projection technology such as that provided by Real D Cinema and IMAX 3D which both require polarized glasses to view the 3D films.
The InTru3D brand was announced at the Intel Developer Forum on August 20, 2008 during Renee James’ keynote. The first feature film produced by DreamWorks utilizing InTru3D was "Monsters vs. Aliens", released March 27, 2009. DreamWorks Animation has also announced plans to release all of their future films in stereoscopic 3D utilizing InTru3D.
Intel has also announced that it plans to work on developing and promoting the use of InTru3D to create a broad range of next-generation 3D viewing experiences and technology on a range of other platforms, including home theater, personal computers, video games, online environments and mobile devices.
An InTru3D commercial was shown at the end of the second quarter of Super Bowl XLIII. which was using the ColorCode 3-D system to enable it to be viewed in 3D on TV in all households.

</doc>
<doc id="19193269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193269" title="El Juicio Final">
El Juicio Final

On what is billed as his final album, Hector takes an introspective turn, examining his life and his faith. Entitled Juicio Final (Spanish for "Final Judgment"), the record kicks off with an extended intro that sees Héctor conversing with the Almighty and goes on to waver between feverish reggaetón rhythms and slower heartfelt ballads. Harry Maldonado and Cosculluela are also featured.

</doc>
<doc id="19193292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193292" title="Kaz James">
Kaz James

Kaz James (born in 1982), is an Australian singer and DJ. He is a former member of the group BodyRockers. He was raised in Melbourne and is of Italian and Greek origin. He released his first solo album, "If They Knew", in 2008.
Current Biography.
Kaz James is that rare breed of DJ who has dared to have huge crossover success while still keeping his musical sights set firmly on the dance floor. An established player in Ibiza having claimed weekly residencies at Pacha, Booom and Mambo, hand picked to play by Pete Tong, David Guetta, NERVO and Erick Morillo. Kaz kicked off the 2013 season at the IMS Ibiza Opening Party alongside Fat Boy Slim followed by appearances at Ushuaia and his weekly residency at “Booom” where he played the official launch party with Avicii & Sebastian Ingrosso.
With a star-studded fan base, including Elton John and Madonna and an ability to rock dance-floors at the biggest EDM festivals or underground house clubs, Kaz James’ dedication to the art of DJing has not gone un-noticed – earning him main slots on LA’s HARD Summer and Australia’s STEREOSONIC Festival plus the title of David Guetta’s official support DJ on his latest world tour.
His studio ability speaks for itself, he has written and produced alongside artists including Macy Gray, Kelis, Limp Bizkit and Chad Hugo (N*E*R*D* / Neptunes) to name a few, as well as earning himself remix credits to tracks by Skrillex, Kaskade, Cedric Gervais, Tinie Tempah and the Gossip (‘Move In The Right Direction’ attracting a number 5 position in the UK Pop Charts).
His latest releases Drums, Revolver, King & Stars are receiving global radio support as well as main stage love from the likes of Tiesto, Swedish House Mafia, Armin Van Buuren, Jacques Lu Cont, Pete Tong plus many more. Kaz’s forth-coming material includes collaborations with David Guetta, Ivan Gough, Junior Sanchez, Tom Staar, Felix Da HouseCat and the Calvin Harris approved single “Show Me All Your Love”.
Early life.
James was raised in suburban Melbourne. He received his education at Marcellin College in Bulleen, where he was active in music, playing trumpet as well as singing with the choir. Forgoing university, James became a DJ at OneLove, a popular Melbourne nightclub that has also helped launch the careers of Grant Smillie and Dirty South. He saved money that he earned mixing songs in Melbourne to travel the world and perform sets in other countries, "kind of like a backpacking DJ."
BodyRockers.
Before he started his career as a soloist, James was one half of BodyRockers, who rose to prominence in 2005 with their first release, "I Like the Way (You Move)". This guitar-laden dance track reached #3 on the UK Singles Chart in April 2005 and achieved popularity in other regions of the world as well. A self-titled album was released, as was the group's follow-up single, "Round and Round". The duo, James and British guitarist Dylan Burns, toured extensively in 2005 and 2006 and recorded a second album, but according to James, "we just didn't get around to releasing it". BodyRockers then parted ways in 2006.
Solo career.
In 2008, Kaz James released his debut single, "Breathe", which features Canadian actor and musician Stu Stone. The music video was directed by Fred Schepisi. On 13 September 2008 he released his second song, "We Hold On". His debut album "If They Knew" was released in Australia and New Zealand in October 2008. In early 2009, James released his next single, "Can't Hold Back", featuring vocals by Macy Gray. This song became James' first solo song to reach the Top 50 on the Australian pop chart, peaking at #42. Other tracks on the album include "All Fall Down", which features former House of Pain and Limp Bizkit member DJ Lethal.
In April 2008, James was the DJ for both the MTV Australia Awards as well as for the official after party. In late 2008, James appeared on the Stereosonic tour, along with Paul van Dyk, Carl Cox, Booka Shade, Sneaky Sound System and Pnau.

</doc>
<doc id="19193340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193340" title="Fetal disease">
Fetal disease

Fetal disease refers to disorders originating in utero.
Examples include hydrops fetalis and chorioamnionitis

</doc>
<doc id="19193343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193343" title="USS Hennepin (AK-187)">
USS Hennepin (AK-187)

USS "Hennepin" (AK-187) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that served the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. Post-war she served briefly with the U.S. Army as USAT "Hennepin", and then as USNS "Hennepin" (T-AK-187) with the Military Sea Transportation Service where she was awarded a battle star. She was declared excess-to-needs on 27 March 1959.
Built at Superior, Wisconsin.
"Hennepin" (AK-187) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract by Walter Butler Shipbuilders, Inc., Superior, Wisconsin, 29 December 1943; launched 27 June 1944; sponsored by Mrs. F. P. Heffelflnger; acquired by the Navy 7 June 1945; and commissioned 3 July 1945 at Galveston, Texas, Lt. Comdr. Gavin L. Field in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, "Hennepin" departed Galveston 22 July to load cargo at Gulfport, Mississippi, and New Orleans, Louisiana. She departed New Orleans 6 August, steamed via the Panama Canal and the Marshall Islands, and arrived Cebu, Philippines, 23 September. Assigned to Service Squadron 8, she operated in the Philippines until 19 November when she departed Tacloban, Leyte, for Australia. 
During the next month she loaded cargo at Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane before sailing 17 December with provisions for occupation troops in Korea. Steaming via Okinawa, she reached Jinsen 7 January 1946; then sailed for Japan 25 January. She arrived Yokosuka on 30 January, was decommissioned 16 February, and transferred to the U.S. Army.
Reacquired from the U.S. Army.
"Hennepin" was operated by the U.S. Army for the Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in Japan until 1 July 1950 when she was reacquired by the Navy. After refitting at Mitsubishi Shipyard, Kobe, Japan, she was assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) 28 February 1951 and designated "T-AK 187". 
Korean War support.
Manned by a civilian crew, she participated in the Korean supply run during the American effort to repel Communist aggression in South Korea. Operating primarily out of Moji and Sasebo, Japan, she transported vital military cargo to American-held Korean ports during the remainder of the Korean War.
Post-Korean War support.
Following the in Korea, "Hennepin" continued supply runs between Japan and South Korea. In response to the scheduled transfer of North Vietnam to Communist control, she departed Yokohama 30 August 1954 to provide support for Operation Passage to Freedom. She arrived Haiphong, North Vietnam, 7 September, and for more than 3 months she transported cargo southward to St. Jacques and Saigon. After completing three runs to Saigon, she departed St. Jacques for Japan 22 December and arrived Sasebo 3 January 1955.
Between 1955 and 1958 "Hennepin" remained in the Far East, supporting America's determination to keep the peace and contain Communism in Asia. She continued to operate primarily between Japanese and South Korean ports, but cargo runs in 1957 and 1958 again sent her to Southeast Asia. 
Between 13 May and 3 July 1957 she operated out of Saigon and Bangkok, Thailand, and in addition steamed to Karachi, Pakistan, and Bahrain Island in the Persian Gulf. During September 1957 and April 1958 she steamed out of Yokohama, carrying cargo to Saigon. 
Final deactivation.
After returning to Yokohama from Busan, Korea, 21 June 1958, she was inactivated by the Navy 16 July. She transferred to the Maritime Administration 27 March 1959.
Honors and awards.
"Hennepin" received one battle star for Korean War service.

</doc>
<doc id="19193348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193348" title="The Worst Person in the World">
The Worst Person in the World

The Worst Person in the World: And 202 Strong Contenders is a book by former MSNBC newscaster-commentator Keith Olbermann. Published in September 2006 by John Wiley & Sohns, Inc., it is based on the regular feature of the same title prominent in MSNBC's week-nightly television program "Countdown with Keith Olbermann", in which Olbermann castigates those whose words or deeds have offended him. The book contains transcripts of the show's "Worst Person " segments from its inception in July 2005 to May 31, 2006, as well as some original "awards," including an "Honorary Worst" to President George W. Bush (later given several regular "worsts" on the program) and a special "Worst in Show" to Olbermann's staple target, rival news commentator Bill O'Reilly.
In the book's introduction Olbermann credits the comedy team of Bob and Ray for inspiring the segment's title. Their "Worst Person in the World" (W.P.I.T.W. for short) was an "ominous character" who spoke only in "crunching and slurping sound effects" and consumed sandwiches without removing their wax paper covering. According to Olbermann this character was inspired by theater critic John Simon who was unimpressed with Bob and Ray's 1970 Broadway show. When "New York Times" television critic Alessandra Stanley gave Olbermann's fellow MSNBC commentator Tucker Carlson's show an unfavorable review in June 2005, the Bob and Ray character came to mind and with it the idea for the "Countdown" segment.

</doc>
<doc id="19193349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193349" title="Nərimanlı">
Nərimanlı

Nərimanlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19193355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193355" title="Marcus Ehning">
Marcus Ehning

Marcus Ehning (born April 19, 1974 in Südlohn, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German show jumping champion, Olympic champion from 2000. He is currently ranked #2 in the world.
Olympic Record.
Ehning participated at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he won a gold medal in Team Jumping, together with Lars Nieberg, Otto Becker and Ludger Beerbaum.

</doc>
<doc id="19193363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193363" title="Breidis Prescott">
Breidis Prescott

Breidis Enrique Prescott Consuegra (born 3 May 1983 in Barranquilla, Colombia) is a Colombian lightweight boxer. He has a reputation as a devastating puncher, with 20 of his 26 wins by way of knockout, with all coming in the first three rounds.
Amateur career.
During his amateur career, Prescott fought in the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, where he lost in the first round (on points) to Lucas Matthysse. He later called it a fluke and said that Matthysse hit like a baby rabbit. He would go on to avenge that loss in another fight between the 2 competitors when he defeated Matthysse by decision (15-13).
Professional career.
Prescott faced favored British prospect, Amir Khan on 6 September 2008, at the M.E.N. Arena, Manchester for the WBO Inter-Continental lightweight title. He defeated Amir Khan after 54 seconds of the first round, handing Khan his first defeat since turning professional.
On 17 July 2009, he suffered his first defeat to Mexican Boxer Miguel Vazquez by a split decision with the score cards reading 95-94, 92-97, 96-93 for Vazquez, with most observers having Vazquez winning by a larger margin.
On 5 December 2009, Prescott lost to Kevin Mitchell by unanimous decision.
After two close decision losses in 2009, Prescott made a good turn around in 2010 with a KO win over Jason Davis and a Decision over Harrison Cuello. He won his first fight of 2011 against Bayan Jargal.
He lost his fight against Paul McCloskey in a world title eliminator on 10 September 2011 in a unanimous decision. The result proved controversial however, as many observers felt the decision should have gone Prescott's way instead the decision went Paul McCloskey 's way. During the fight Prescott dominated the early rounds scoring a knock down in the first round, however, replays showed that Prescott's forearm brushed against McCloskeys head leading to McCloskey losing his balance. Although McCloskey suffered from a bloodied nose early on he fought back in the later rounds and gained the victory.
Prescott fought Mike Alvarado on 12 November 2011, in Las Vegas, USA, on the undercard of Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Marquez III. Prescott started out the fight fast, and was able to out-box Alvarado for the first five rounds successfully, building a lead on the scorecards. In the middle and late rounds, Alvarado became the main aggressor, and cut the distance, effectively trading shots with Prescott on the inside, and winning the middle and late rounds. By the 10th round, Prescott seemed out of gas, and Alvarado took advantage launching a large offensive attack in the opening minute of the round. Then, with 1:43 left in the fight, Alvarado knocked Prescott down with left and right uppercuts. Prescott was able to get up, but Alvarado came back with two hard rights sending Prescott to the ropes, and then landed three straight right uppercuts. Prescott was leaning forward, hanging onto Alvarado and not returning fire, prompting the referee to stop the fight with 1:07 left in the bout. Alvarado was down 87-84, 87-84, and 86-85 at the time of stoppage, in what was a close fight.

</doc>
<doc id="19193366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193366" title="M'Clintock Ice Shelf">
M'Clintock Ice Shelf

The M'Clintock Ice Shelf was a Canadian ice shelf attached to northern Ellesmere Island. By 1961/62, its connection was tenuous. Most of the shelf broke away during the period of 1963 through 1965 with the remainder (10 km2 lodged at Borup Point) breaking off in 1966. Subsequently, multi year landfast sea ice, containing ice shelf fragments, has covered the M’Clintock Inlet mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19193385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193385" title="Dan Børge Akerø">
Dan Børge Akerø

Dan Børge Akerø (born 23 January 1951) is a Norwegian television personality.
He took his education at the University of Oslo, graduating with a cand.mag. degree. From 1975 to 1980 he worked as a research assistant and research fellow at the International Peace Research Institute, Oslo. He specialized in Latin American topics. In his younger days he also played association football for Skeid and Viking FK.
Before finishing his master's degree, he started his media career as a foreign affairs reporter in NRK Radio in 1979. He was then promoted to news anchor in the national news show "Dagsrevyen". In 1986 he became a talk show host, for "SenFredag", the first talk show on Norwegian television. He followed up with "LørDan", which ran from 1987 to 1990. From 1990 to 1992 he was the sub-director of culture and entertainment in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.
In 1992, when a rivalling channel TV 2 was opened, Akerø was headhunted there. He hosted its opening show as well as other entertainment programmes.
In the late nineties, he co-founded the online gambling company Global Money Games. The chairman of the board was former libertarian politician Pål Atle Skjervengen. The company later known as a stock market bubble, Akerø sold his shares some time before its demise in 1998. He has later established a lucrative investment company, Danpower International AS. However, on one occasion he personally lost NOK 1,500,000 through a failed investment in the hotel business.
Akerø returned to the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1999, and soon hosted the show "Den store klassefesten". Between 2000 and 2005, the show had between 986,000 and 1,411,000 viewers; in comparison the whole country had about 4,500,000 inhabitants at the time. For this show, Akerø won two Gullruten awards, in 2001 and 2003. He is also known for hosting the musical competition show "Kjempesjansen", as well as a new round of "LørDan". He also hosted the annual show Idrettsgallaen and the 2007 and 2008 editions of the charitable fundraiser show "TV-aksjonen".

</doc>
<doc id="19193393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193393" title="Platinum Trains">
Platinum Trains

Platinum Trains was a proposed new open access train operating company that intended to run limited-stop train services from Scotland to London via the East Coast Main Line. Its plan was to compete with air travel.
The company proposed to use two Class 180 units to operate two outbound and return journeys per day on weekdays and one outbound and return per day at weekends between Aberdeen and London King's Cross, calling at Edinburgh and Dundee. The company anticipated placing an order for new rolling stock in the first year of operation with introduction into service in the third or fourth year.
In February 2009, the application to operate trains was denied by the Office of Rail Regulation (ORR), along with that of First Harrogate Trains. Difficulties had been highlighted in finding additional "paths" for the trains to operate in along the busy East Coast Main Line. In a letter from the Department for Transport to the Office of Rail Regulation in January 2009, it was noted that "the Platinum Trains proposal does not appear to be compatible with Transport Scotland’s franchised service specification between Aberdeen and Edinburgh, and we find it difficult to see how a non-stop path could be achieved south of Edinburgh without use of excessive pathing time which could present operational difficulties due to persistent early running."

</doc>
<doc id="19193406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193406" title="Frederick Caesar Linfield">
Frederick Caesar Linfield

Frederick Caesar Linfield (1861 – 2 June 1939) was a British Liberal politician. He was originally in trade as a corn-merchant.
Local politics.
Linfield first entered politics at local government level. He was a member of Worthing Council in West Sussex, having been one of the first councillors when Worthing was newly incorporated as a Borough in 1890 and was Mayor of Worthing twice from 1906-08. He was also an Alderman of the Borough. 
In 1907, during his Mayoral term, he formally welcomed General William Booth of the Salvation Army to Worthing. He recalled that during the days when the Salvation Army was first campaigning there in the mid-1880s, it was deeply unpopular because of all the undesirables who were attracted to its banner for moral and physical sustenance. He told General Booth that he had himself hidden two Salvationists from the hostile crowds for two weeks.
Parliamentary candidate.
Linfield stood for Parliament at the general election of December 1910 as the Liberal candidate in Horncastle in Lincolnshire but he was defeated by 524 votes by the sitting Conservative MP Lord Willoughby d’ Eresby, who had held Horncastle at each election since 1895. Linfield was soon given another chance at Horncastle however when, only days after the general election, Lord Willoughby succeeded to the peerage on the death of his father, Lord Ancaster. Linfield was formally re-adopted as Liberal candidate on 5 January 1911 in opposition to the new Conservative candidate Captain Archibald G Weigall, who had fought the nearby seat of Gainsborough at the December 1910 general election. The by-election was called for 16 February 1911 but Linfield was not expected to win, given the Unionist hold on the seat in recent times and an analysis of the past results and new voters on the roll enabled the correspondent of The Times newspaper to forecast correctly that the Unionists would hold the seat.
Member of Parliament.
Linfield does not seem to have stood for election at the United Kingdom general election, 1918 but in 1922 he was the Liberal candidate in Mid Bedfordshire. He won the seat with a majority of 2,737 over the sitting Unionist MP Max Townley. In the 1923 general election, Linfield faced a three-cornered contest with a Labour candidate also standing. Linfield had his majority cut to 2,023 but he described the Labour candidate, R L Widgell, as a Free Trader like himself and claimed that Widgell had just taken votes which would otherwise have gone to him.
Empire interests.
Linfield took a strong interest in questions relating to the British Empire and in particular to the development of the Colonial Territories. He had travelled abroad privately and had visited the British colonies in West Africa. In 1924 he was appointed as a Member of the East African Parliamentary Commission. He accompanied the other members of the Commission to Kenya, Uganda, Tanganyika, Nyasaland and Northern Rhodesia, looking into the condition of the Colonies, their government, trade, infrastructure and social arrangements. The report of the Parliamentary Commission was published in May 1925 and various proposals for development and reform were put forward. However the Commission never questioned the colonial status quo, or the role or predominance of white settlers, endorsing their ‘civilizing mission’ and approving the continuing administration of the territories, holding them in trusteeship for the natives (sic). They also gave tacit approval for the continued development of the Highlands of Kenya as an increasingly white colony with, what they described as, “...a distinctive type of British civilisation”. Linfield also wrote a 13 page supplementary memorandum to the report in which he proposed the setting up of an Imperial Development Board. He followed this up with an article in the Contemporary Review of March 1926 on ‘Empire Development’.
1924 general election.
Linfield was away on this Parliamentary mission in Africa when the 1924 general election was called. He campaigned by telegraph appealing to his electors from Uganda that he hoped they would stand by him while he was away on Empire business. He also called on the Tories not to oppose him while he was doing his Imperial duty but the Conservatives rightly believed they had a good chance of winning Mid Bedfordshire this time and refused to stand their candidate down. The Labour party, whose government had sent Linfield to East Africa, did however agree not to stand a candidate, as they had in 1923 but despite the contest reverting to a straight fight with the Tory, Linfield lost by 961 votes.
Parliamentary candidate again.
In 1926, Linfield was adopted as Liberal candidate for the Howdenshire Division of Yorkshire for a by-election following the resignation of the sitting Conservative Lt. Colonel, the Hon. F S Jackson, who had been an England test cricketer before entering Parliament and who resigned on his appointment as Governor-General of Bengal. A keen fight was anticipated, especially on land and agricultural issues in what was to be a three-cornered contest. On polling day it was reported that voting was interfered with by fog and early polling was very light. However the area was a strong one for the Tories. Jackson had been unopposed at the general elections of 1923 and 1924. Linfield came second, nearly 4000 votes behind the victorious Tory Major William Henton Carver, with the Labour candidate losing his deposit. 
Linfield seemed prepared to try to get back into Parliament. At the 1929 general election he returned to his former political stamping ground of Horncastle in an effort to defeat the sitting Conservative MP Henry Haslam. In a three-cornered contest he came second to Haslam but 2,669 votes behind. He then agreed to be adopted as Liberal candidate for Stoke Newington for the 1931 general election but for some reason he withdrew his candidacy and did not stand at the election.
Other public and political work.
In 1927 Linfield served on a committee of the Liberal Party to look into the organisation of the party in the London constituencies. In July 1928, he was a member of a deputation from the National Council for the Prevention of War which met the Foreign Secretary, Sir Austen Chamberlain in connection with the Kellogg Peace Pact. And in a role related to his interest in Imperial affairs, Linfield was secretary to the Native Races and Liquor Traffic Committee (an organisation promoting temperance among indigenous peoples in the Empire, especially Africa).

</doc>
<doc id="19193425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193425" title="Forest of Halatte">
Forest of Halatte

The Forest of Halatte (Forêt d'Halatte) in Picardie is one of the largest remaining blocks of natural old growth forest in France. Situated in the département of Oise near Senlis and Pont-Sainte-Maxence, it currently embraces 43 square kilometers. Together with the Forest of Chantilly and the Forest of Ermenonville it forms the "Massif des Trois Forêts". On the north it borders the Forest of Compiègne. The Forest of Halatte is still a source of oak and beech timber. 
The forest, a fragment separated from the ancient "Silva Cotia" (forêt de Cuise) cited in the 6th century CE, which became the Forest of Compiègne, bears numerous traces of its prehistoric habitation, in the form of menhirs and dolmens and late Iron Age burials. In the commune of Ognon are the remains of a Gallo-Roman temple dedicated to a curative deity, built in the mid-1st century CE and abandoned during the 4th century. The temple's stones were then quarried for reuse, and the site became overgrown by the forest. the temple was discovered and excavated in 1873-74 and more professionally examined in 1996-99. The objects discovered over the course of the excavation, including coins, votive offerings, fibulae and other jewellery, are exhibited at the Art and Archeology museum of Senlis.
The inexplicable name "Halatte" first appears in a document of 1165, as "Locus Halachius". A hunting accident in the Forest of Halatte claimed the life of King Philip IV of France, in November 1314. At a meeting at St-Christophe-en-Halatte, Edward III of England made his last act of homage for Gascony, to Philip VI, in April 1331. The forest was in part a royal domaine and otherwise divided among clerics and nobles. To this day, boundary markers carved with coats-of-arms mark the old divisions. At the French Revolution, the whole forest was declared "domaniale", a national property.
An obelisk raised to commemorate the King of Rome, Napoleon's heir, stands in the forest, south of Pont-Sainte-Maxence.
The Forest of Halatte is traversed by a network of walking and bicycling trails maintained by the State.

</doc>
<doc id="19193429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193429" title="List of English football transfers 2004–05">
List of English football transfers 2004–05

List of English football transfers 2004–05 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19193431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193431" title="Otto Becker (equestrian)">
Otto Becker (equestrian)

Otto Becker (born December 3, 1958 in Großostheim) is a former German show jumping champion, Olympic champion from 2000. Since January 2009 he is the coach of the German show jumping team.
Olympic Record.
Becker participated at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he won a gold medal in "team show jumping", together with Lars Nieberg, Marcus Ehning and Ludger Beerbaum. He received a bronze medal in "team show jumping" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19193433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193433" title="Sam White (baseball)">
Sam White (baseball)

Samuel Lambeth White (August 23, 1893 – November 11, 1929) was a Major League Baseball player. White played in only one game, for the Boston Braves in the 1919 season; he batted 0 for 1. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
White was born in Kinsley, England, and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19193449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193449" title="The Road Home (novel)">
The Road Home (novel)

The Road Home is a 2007 novel by Rose Tremain.
Plot summary.
The story concerns with Lev who is a middle-aged immigrant and widowed. He leaves Auror, a village in an unspecified eastern European country, when the sawmill closes. Soon after, he travels to London to find work so he can make money that he can send to his mother, his 5-year-old daughter, and his best friend. He finds his first job at a Muslim kebab-shop, before washing dishes at a five-star restaurant named GK Ashe. Lev also meets a translator from his home country named Lydia, a divorced Irish plumber named Christy, a young chef named Sophie, and a rich old woman named Ruby.
Reception.
The author won an Orange Broadband Prize for this novel. Liesl Schillinger, of "The New York Times", reviewed the book saying, "A less disciplined and agile author might have been tempted to ease Lev’s transition from daydreamer to doer. Or she might have jollied Lev into a toque at London’s River Café and set Rudi up as a chauffeur on Belisha Road. But Rose Tremain is in the business of inventing not so much fantasies as alternate realities. In “The Road Home,” she lets Lev in on her secret: “Don’t think about Auror down there in the darkness. Don’t think about the past.” The present is also a work of imagination". "The Guardian" review said, "Tremain clearly enjoys observing wealthy Londoners, their vapidity, their selfishness, through Lev's eyes - and also more cheerfully enjoys describing the busy workings of a kitchen in a high-end restaurant. She recounts in succulent detail several of the meals Lev produces as he begins to hone his own culinary skills. Strangely, it is not until near the end that we are given the dishes particular to Lev's country (rabbit with juniper berries, seaweed ravioli)".

</doc>
<doc id="19193466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193466" title="Yizhar Cohen (swimmer)">
Yizhar Cohen (swimmer)

Yizhar Cohen (, born August 12, 1962) is an Israeli paralympic swimmer.
Cohen was born in Kibbutz Degania Alef. In 1985 he was injured while serving with the Israel Defense Forces, blinded by a mine. Following his loss of eyesight he began practicing disabled sports in athletics and swimming. Since 1987 he has taken part in international competitions, including six Paralympic Games held between 1988 and 2008. Until 2004 he also took part in four world championships and eight European championships.
Cohen had been swimming in all styles (breaststroke, butterfly, freestyle and backstroke), while today (2008) he is focusing on freestyle swimming. In the 1987 European Championship, held in Moscow, he won four gold medals. In the 1988 Summer Paralympics he won three gold medals and one silver. He won further medals at the 1992 Summer Paralympics (1 bronze) and the 1996 Summer Paralympics (1 silver). In the 2008 Summer Paralympics, Cohen was the Israeli flag bearer.
Cohen works as a Shiatsu therapist and is married and father of two.

</doc>
<doc id="19193485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193485" title="Current Major League Baseball franchises">
Current Major League Baseball franchises

Below is the information about the current Major League Baseball Franchise, including game times, team colors, etc.
Franchises.
Organizational Alignment.
The Commissioner of baseball, Bud Selig, has often floated the idea of international expansion and realignment of the major leagues. At the moment, however, the two major leagues are each split into three divisions.
In all, there are 30 teams in the two leagues: 15 in the older National League ("NL") and 15 in the American League ("AL"). Each has its teams split into three divisions grouped generally by geography. They are (number of teams in each division in parenthesis): NL East (5), NL Central (5), NL West (5), AL East (5), AL Central (5), and AL West (5). This changed in the 2013 season when the Houston Astros were moved to the AL West, placing 5 teams in each division and 15 teams in both leagues. Before 2013, there were 16 teams in the National League, and 14 teams in the American League. The teams are hosted by 17 American states, 1 Canadian province (Ontario), and the District of Columbia.
Each team's regular season consists of 162 games, a duration established in 1961 in the American League and 1962 in the National League. From 1904 into the early 1960s, except for 1919, a 154-game schedule was played in both leagues (in which each team played its seven opponents 22 times apiece). Expansion from eight to ten teams in each league in the early 1960s resulted in a revised schedule of 162 games (in which each team played its nine opponents 18 times) in their expansion years, for the American League in 1961 and the National League in 1962. Although the schedule remains at 162 games to this day, the layout of games played was changed when Divisional play began in 1969, so that teams played more games against opponents within their own division than against the other divisions or (beginning in 1997) the other league.
Unplanned shortened seasons were played in 1918 due to the United States entering World War I, and in 1972, 1981, 1994 and 1995 due to player strikes and lockouts. A 140-game schedule (with each team playing its seven opponents 20 times) was used in 1919, due to the influenza outbreak, and the schedule before 1904 varied from year to year.
Scheduling.
"For a detailed history of the length of the regular season, see Major League Baseball schedule."
Layout.
The Major League regular season generally runs from the first Sunday in April to the last Sunday in September or the first Sunday in October. Each team is scheduled to play 162 games during the season. Games are scheduled every day (except as noted in the next paragraph), although not all teams play every day; by rule, each team has a scheduled day off at least once every two weeks (though it usually occurs about once a week). Players and teams prepare for the season in spring training, in Florida or Arizona, during February and March. Three rounds of playoffs follow the regular season, culminating in the World Series in late October. Playoffs consist of multiple game series that are split between the two teams' home fields; predetermined sites are not used as they are in some other professional sports championships.
An annual "All-Star Game" is conducted halfway through the season, at a pre-determined site, with all teams enjoying a three-day break. National League players make up one team, while American League players form the other. Eight players from each league (one for each field position other than pitcher) are selected by fan vote, while the remainder are selected by the selected managers of the two League teams (which are the managers of the previous year's World Series teams).
Games are played predominantly against teams within each league through an balanced schedule that heavily favors intra-divisional play. In 1997, Major League Baseball introduced interleague play, in which American and National League teams play against one another. This break from tradition (previously, the two leagues played completely separate schedules except for the All-Star Game and World Series) was criticized by the sport's purists but has since proven very lucrative to the franchises. The interleague games were confined to the months of May and June. Beginning in 2013, interleague play will occur throughout the season. Typically many intra-division games are scheduled toward the end of the season, anticipating the possibility of close divisional races and heightened fan interest.
Format.
Generally, when two teams meet, they play a "series" of three games against each other, although they will occasionally play two- and four-game series as well. In the unbalanced schedule currently in use, most teams will travel to visit each other team in their division three times per season, each team in their league's other divisions once per season, and make three visits to teams from the opposite league, totalling 81 games. The remaining 81 games are conducted at home, with other teams visiting on a similar schedule. When games must be rescheduled due to weather or other concerns, it is common for the game to be rescheduled as part of a "double-header", in which two games featuring the same two teams are played back-to-back on the same day.
Game Times.
Most games begin at either 1:05 pm or 7:05 pm local time, although some teams prefer other times, and individual games may be scheduled at other times for a variety of reasons (often relating to being featured on nationwide television). When not over-ridden due to broadcast contracts, the game time is ultimately set by the home team. Most teams choose to play primarily at night for attendance purposes, though they will often play in the afternoon on Sundays and "Get-Away Days" (days where one or both teams must travel to another city following the game). However, the Chicago Cubs, by agreement with the City of Chicago, are required to play almost two-thirds of their home games during the day. (The Cubs' stadium, Wrigley Field, was also the last stadium to operate without lights, which were installed in 1988. Prior to the 1988 season, all Cubs home games were played in daylight.)
Draft and Minor Leagues.
Each year in June, Major League Baseball conducts a draft for first-year players who have never signed a Major or Minor League contract. These players are generally American and Canadian high school graduates or university students, although players from a limited number of foreign countries may also be drafted. Notably, players from Japan may not be drafted, it being regarded as the exclusive right of the Japanese leagues to do so.
After being drafted, players are assigned to minor league teams who are affiliated with the major league team. The minor leagues are organized into several levels, and players normally work their way up over a period of three or more seasons (based on skill and performance) before appearing in the Major Leagues.
MLB teams can assign only one player to their AAA and one to their AA teams, but are not limited to the number assigned to the A team or rookie teams.
Team names and colors.
In American professional sports (and usually amateur sports as well), a generally standardized and marketing-oriented structure has evolved for the names and colors, and thus the identities of individual clubs. The structure involves three elements: a geographical designator, traditionally the name of the team's city, although in recent decades the team's state or region has sometimes been used; a nickname, usually connected with either a mascot, the team's colors, or a feature unique to the region or to the club; and team colors, a carryover from heraldry. This approach contrasts with some non-American sports, such as European soccer, in which team names need not necessarily follow a particular pattern, or Asian professional baseball, which generally follows a "corporate sponsor" name followed by a "nickname". The pattern began with early organized baseball clubs and has been extended from there to almost all U.S. professional clubs.
Originally, gentlemen's athletic clubs were key movers in the development of organized baseball, so early prominent teams were simply named after the clubs that formed them: Athletic Club, Centennial Club, Mutual Club, Olympic Club, Potomac Club, National Club, Forest City Club, Kekionga Club, Atlantic Club, Eckford Club, Excelsior Club, Western Club, Elm City Club, Resolute Club, Maryland Club, Mansfield Club. By 1871, with the formation of the National Association, clubs no longer just competed with local rivals, but with the best clubs from other cities around the northeast. Thus, geographic designators were sometimes added, establishing the now familiar pattern (only reversed): Athletic of Philadelphia, Centennial of Philadelphia, Mutual of New York, Olympic of Washington, Potomac of Washington, National of Washington, Forest City of Cleveland, Forest City of Rockford, Kekionga of Fort Wayne, Atlantic of Brooklyn, Eckford of Brooklyn, Excelsior of Brooklyn, Western of Keokuk, Elm City of New Haven, Resolute of Elizabeth City, Maryland of Baltimore, Mansfield of Middletown. Informally, the club names were extended collectively to the players on the teams: Athletics, Centennials, Mutuals, etc., and the same was done with geographic designators: Philadelphias, New Yorks, Washingtons, etc.
The Cincinnati Red Stockings started a new trend in baseball club names. The team was named after the color of its socks. Because of a combination of factors—including cost and quality of fabric dyes and perception of toxicity—very little color was used on early baseball uniforms. The one piece of the uniform that was commonly colored was the stirrup stocking, which was worn over a white sock (known as a "sanitary"), which prevented direct contact between the wearer's skin and the dyed stocking. The Red Stockings, which became a national sensation with their successful barnstorming in 1869 and 1870, popularized the naming of the team after its one most distinguishing uniform feature, the color of its socks.
By 1876, when the National League entered play, baseball clubs were no longer primarily associated with gentlemen's athletic clubs, and most of the original teams were popularly named after the one uniform feature that served to distinguish them on the field—the color of their stockings. Thus: Boston Red Stockings, Chicago White Stockings, Cincinnati Red Stockings, Hartford Dark Blues, Louisville Grays, St. Louis Brown Stockings. The 1876 New York and Philadelphia clubs still held over the traditional "Mutual" and "Athletic" names, and were usually so referenced in the standings. The plural usage seen sometimes, "Mutuals" or "Athletics", was equivalent to the "Chicagos" or the "Bostons". Modern historians have often retrofitted these names in the modern style, such as "New York Mutuals," which is historically inaccurate. "Mutual" was the actual "name" of the team, and the club had separate "nicknames" that referred to the team colors in a given year, such as "Green Stockings". The Athletics name did persist, however, and the Philadelphia American League team would retain this name even through two relocations.
Throughout this period, club nicknames were ad hoc, bestowed and used at will by sportswriters and fans, for example, the Lord Baltimore Club could be called the "Baltimores," the "Canaries," or the "Yellow Stockings." Nicknames became associated with particular cities, and fans tended to refer to the local team by this name, even if it was not associated in a corporate fashion with its predecessor. Thus, multiple, unassociated teams used names such as Boston Red Stockings, Chicago White Stockings, Cincinnati Red Stockings, St. Louis Brown Stockings, Louisville Grays, Baltimore Orioles, Milwaukee Brewers, and the like.
Early in the 20th century, the club nickname began to acquire a more important status, eventually an official status, being designated by the club ownership and ultimately used as part of the club's marketing efforts. Sometimes a club would change its nickname or adopt an official name that superseded one or more unofficial names in the past. An example would be the Boston Braves, who were tagged with various nicknames prior to officially adopting "Braves" as their name and mascot. Sometimes such a name change did not catch on with the press and public, which is why there is no longer a "Philadelphia Blue Jays" nor a "Boston Bees". The original Washington Senators were officially the "Washington Nationals" for many decades, but the alternate nickname "Senators" persisted, "Nationals" faded, and the team finally, officially became the "Senators" in the late 1950s. (With modern marketing strategies, such a fate is less likely to befall the current Washington Nationals.)
In contrast, the Brooklyn Dodgers began by adopting the old "Atlantic" designation, then were dubbed the "Bridegrooms" for a while, then the "Trolley Dodgers", then the "Superbas", then the "Robins" (for their manager, Wilbert Robinson), although the alternate nickname "Dodgers" persisted from the moment the team acquired that tag. The Dodgers did not actually put that name on their uniforms until the 1930s. Sometimes teams have changed their nicknames for marketing or other reasons. For example, the Houston Colt 45s became the Houston Astros in 1965 after moving into the new Astrodome.
Team colors are sometimes tied in with a team's name, and occasionally they are changed for marketing reasons. One of the most striking examples of the latter was in 1963, when flamboyant owner Charles O. Finley changed the Kansas City Athletics' uniforms from a traditional white/gray with blue and red trim to bright yellow with green trim, a move that sparked controversy, but also one that fit in with the new medium of color television. Before this, home uniforms in MLB were uniformly white with colored trim, while road uniforms were uniformly gray; afterwards many teams displayed a variety of color schemes, notably the Houston Astros and San Diego Padres.
The Chicago Cubs have occasionally worn a bright blue top on the road since 1982, whereas the Chicago White Sox have changed colors many times during that interval, at one or another time wearing navy blue, red, royal blue, and white stockings. In recent years the team has sometimes worn black hosiery.
The St. Louis Cardinals (baseball) once played in the same city as the St. Louis Cardinals (football, now the Arizona Cardinals), but the teams were not named for each other. The St. Louis Cardinals baseball club always played in St. Louis and were originally the St. Louis Brown Stockings (not to be confused with the St. Louis Browns in the American League), while the former St. Louis Cardinals football club (now the Arizona Cardinals), one of the oldest American football team still in existence (along with the Chicago Bears), were first known as the Racine Normals, then Racine Cardinals, then the Chicago Cardinals. During their time in St. Louis, the football team was usually referred to by fans as "Big Red" or the "Gridbirds" in order to avoid confusion between the teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19193496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193496" title="Lolita Morena">
Lolita Morena

Lolita Laure Morena (born October 15, 1960 in Cantiano, Italy) is a Swiss model, actress and television hostess.
Miss Switzerland.
She was a student in egyptology when she won the Miss Switzerland pageant in 1982. She went on to represent her country at Miss World 1982 and Miss Universe 1983. Coincidentally she finished as 3rd runner-up in both pageants and was awarded the Miss Photogenic Award twice.
After Miss Universe and Miss World.
A polyglot, Lolita Morena has worked with television, not just in her native Italy, but also in Switzerland and Germany. She co-hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 from Lausanne along with Jacques Deschenaux. She also hosted the Swiss national selection for Eurovision in 1991. 
Lolita has continued her work at the French branch of Swiss television and recently starred in the comedy series "Les Pique-Meurons".
Personal life.
From 1994 to 1999 she was married to German football player Lothar Matthäus with whom she had a son, Loris.

</doc>
<doc id="19193512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193512" title="Kemblawarra, New South Wales">
Kemblawarra, New South Wales

Kemblawarra is a residential, commercial and light industrial area of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia. It is officially designated an urban place, and comprises the southern part of Port Kembla.

</doc>
<doc id="19193517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193517" title="James J. Sheehan">
James J. Sheehan

James J. Sheehan is an American historian of modern Germany and the former president of the American Historical Association (2005).
Born in San Francisco in 1937, Sheehan earned a B.A. from Stanford University in 1958 and a Ph.D. (history) from the University of California, Berkeley in 1964. He taught at Northwestern University between 1964 and 1979, then moved back to Stanford to succeed Gordon A. Craig as Stanford's historian of modern Germany. At Stanford, Sheehan is Dickason Professor in the Humanities, Professor of History, and FSI senior fellow (courtesy).
Sheehan's research focuses on German and modern European history, especially the history of German liberalism, the German Empire, and war and the modern European state. He is the author of numerous articles and several important books, including "The Career of Lujo Brentano: A Study of Liberalism and Social Reform in Imperial Germany" (Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press, 1966); "German Liberalism in the Nineteenth Century" (Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press, 1978); "German History,1770-1866" (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1989); and, most recently, "Where Have All the Soldiers Gone?: The Transformation of Modern Europe" (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 2008).
He is married to Margaret L. Anderson, a historian at the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="19193519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193519" title="Eight (band)">
Eight (band)

Eight (sometimes typeset as √eight or THE EIGHT) was a Japanese visual kei rock band from Hokkaido. They were formed in 2004 by Nachi and Kyotaro after Nachi's previous band Werkmare had disbanded. The band used to be signed to Nachi's own label, Relative+Heart. They disbanded in early 2010.
Biography.
Eight was formed by guitarist Nachi (ex-Werkmare) and vocalist Kyotaro(ex-Volark) in 2004, who were soon joined by bassist Mukku (also ex-Werkmare) and drummer Mitsuru (ex-ArcAdiA). Soon after the formation they released two Demo-CDs, followed by another Demo-CD in 2005 as well as several DVDs and contributions to V.A.-releases, most of these independently released. Guitarist Nachi and bassist Mukku were support members of Japanese punk band Anti Feminism during 2007, and Nachi and drummer Mitsuru have been support members of Japanese rock band The Piass from 2009 on.
In 2006 they released their first album, Illational, which was co-produced by Kenzi of Japanese punk band Anti Feminism. At the end of the year they released two more DVDs which showed their tour finals in Sapporo. In 2007 the band was joined by guitarist Ryo (ex-Since1889), and the name of the band was changed to THE EIGHT. They spoke of releasing a new album in late 2007, but this was never realised due to vocalist Kyotaro leaving the band in December to join Black:List. In December 2008, the band Black:List disbanded, and vocalist Kyotaro has decided to retire from music entirely due to family issues.
Shortly after vocalist Kyotaro's leave, guitarist Ryo also left the band. In August 2008, female vocalist U (ex-Low Head Machine) joined the band. In June 2009, drummer Mitsuru temporarily left the band due to injuries. THE EIGHT used a support drummer, Jun, until drummer Mitsuru returned in August 2009, the band's fifth anniversary.
On December 24, 2009, the announcement was made that the band would disband after their live show on January 17, 2010. Since then, guitarist Nachi and drummer Mitsuru have become members for Japanese punk rock band The Piass, and bassist Mukku also played as a support member for The Piass in 2010. Kyotaro briefly joined Japanese band Kanabun on guitar in 2010, and formed the band Cockroach in 2011. Nachi, Mukku and Mitsuru have also formed a new band, Haze, similar to eight.
Discography.
Compilations.
With the songs "Sanchoume no Yuuhi"(三丁目の夕日), "Down" and "Fake".
With the song "Aa Kugatsu no Sora"(あぁ九月の空).
With the song "Hitori Pocchi" (一人ぽっち).
With the songs "Kareta Kokoro" (枯れた心) and "Mr. Stalking" (Mr.ストーキング).
With the song "Let me stay".
With the song "Yoake no Yami de..."(夜明けの闇で…。).

</doc>
<doc id="19193538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193538" title="Joe Kulbacki">
Joe Kulbacki

Joseph Vincent Kulbacki (March 1, 1938 – November 26, 2012) was an American author, vintner, entrepreneur, and American football halfback in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills. 
Kulbacki was born in Ridgway, Pennsylvania. He played college football at Purdue University and was drafted in 16th round of the 1960 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.
Kulbacki is also author of "America...A Nation That's Lost Its Way", a conservative critique of modern American politics and society in the context of its Judeo-Christian values, and paralleling the rise and fall of past civilizations, particularly Ancient Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19193540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193540" title="Harold Hodge">
Harold Hodge

Harold Carpenter Hodge (1904 – 1990) was a well-known toxicologist who published close to 300 papers and 5 books. He was the first president of the Society of Toxicology in 1960. He received a BS from Illinois Wesleyan University and a PhD in 1930 from the State University of Iowa, publishing his first paper in 1927. He received a number of honors and awards during his career, and he was president of the International Association for Dental Research in 1947, president of the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics (1966-1967), president of the Association of Medical School Pharmacologists (1968-1970).
In 1931 he went to the School of Medicine and Dentistry at the University of Rochester in New York where he pursued an interest in the use of fluoride for preventing cavities, although there was a public stigma against fluoride's use in public health because of its association with rat poison. He was chosen to head the United States Atomic Energy Commission's (AEC) Division of Pharmacology and Toxicology for the Manhattan Project, where he studied the effects of the inhalation of uranium and beryllium through the "Rochester Chamber".
Hodge's reputation was damaged by the publication of Eileen Welsome's book "The Plutonium Files", for which she won a Pulitzer Prize. It documented chilling human experiments in which the subjects did not know they were being tested to find the safety limits of uranium and plutonium. He attended a meeting where the experiments were planned in 1945, and an AEC memo thanks Hodge for his planning and suggestions in the experiment. The US government settled with the victims' families, paying $400,000 per family. Seven victims were injected with material smuggled into a hospital secretly through a tunnel. One unmarried, white 24-year old woman was injected with 584 micrograms of uranium; another 61-year old man was injected with 70 micrograms per kilogram of uranium. Hodge also arranged for Dr. Sweet to inject 11 terminally-ill patients with uranium for their brain tumors; however, these subjects may have known they were being tested.
Hodge is also singled out by BBC journalist Christopher Bryson in his book "The Fluoride Deception" as having played a key role in promoting the implementation of water fluoridation in the U.S., from which the water fluoridation controversy stems.
Hodge's papers list him as "Harold Carpenter," "Harold Hodge," and "Harold Carpenter Hodge."

</doc>
<doc id="19193543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193543" title="Major League Baseball uniforms">
Major League Baseball uniforms

The uniforms worn by Major League Baseball teams have changed significantly since professional baseball was first played in the 19th century. Over time they have adapted from improvised, wool uniforms to mass-produced team brands made from polyester.
Uniforms.
The official rules of Major League Baseball require that all players on a team wear matching uniforms, although this rule was not enforced in the early days. Originally, teams were primarily distinguished by the colors of their stockings and the success of the Cincinnati Red Stockings popularized the adoption of sock color as the explicit identity of the club. The 1876 Chicago White Stockings actually wore caps of different colors. In 1882, the National League assigned stocking colors to the member clubs: red for Boston, white for Chicago, grey for Buffalo, blue for Worcester, gold for Detroit, green for Troy, and so on. That year, the league also assigned jersey and cap colors, but by player position rather than by club.
Traditionally, when playing at home, teams wore uniforms that were mostly white with trim in team colors and when playing away, they wore uniforms that were mostly gray with trim in team colors. Aside from the obvious need to distinguish one team from the other, conventional wisdom held that it was more difficult to properly launder uniforms while on a road trip, thus the "road grays" helped to hide accumulated soil. This convention continued well after its original premise was nullified by the issuance of multiple uniforms and the growth of the laundromat industry. Starting in the 1970s, with the advent of synthetic fabrics, teams began using more color in their uniforms, notably the Kansas City Athletics in 1963, the San Diego Padres' unusual brown-and-yellow scheme beginning in 1969, and the Houston Astros' rainbow stripes in the mid-1970s. In the late 1970s, the Pittsburgh Pirates began a trend of multiple combinations of differently colored jerseys and trousers and caps (with the options of black, yellow, and white with pin stripes). At one point in the 1970s, the Cleveland Indians had an all-red uniform. From 1976 to 1981, the Chicago White Sox had an all-blue uniform.
In his comedy routine "Baseball & Football," George Carlin observes that in baseball, as compared to football, the manager is required to wear the same uniform the players do. However, this was actually not true in the early years of the game. Player-managers were common, but non-playing managers whose realm was strictly the dugout often wore business suits, a common occurrence at the time. Retired players who became managers were more likely to continue to wear a baseball uniform (John McGraw, for example), especially if they were also active on the coaching lines; managers often doubled as third-base coach. By the late 1940s, nearly all managers were wearing baseball uniforms. Connie Mack was the last major league manager to wear a suit in the dugout until his retirement in the early 1950s; however, in contrast to the uniform-wearing managers, Mack rarely if ever stepped onto the field during a game; instead he sent uniformed coaches onto the field when a managerial presence outside the dugout was required.
Starting in the 1990s, MLB clubs began heavily marketing licensed goods, such as caps and uniform jerseys to the public and this has resulted in a wide array of uniforms for each team. Now, some teams have not only a basic home uniform and away uniform, but also special "Sunday game" uniforms and uniforms that are worn only during batting practice and uniforms worn on singular events. From time to time, individual MLB teams have held "Turn Back the Clock Day", regularly scheduled games in which teams donned uniforms in styles their predecessors wore generations earlier (sometimes called "throwback" uniforms), or other antique-style uniforms such as those of Negro League clubs. The Los Angeles Dodgers occasionally use the livery of their original identity as the Brooklyn Dodgers, on special anniversaries or occasions, for example such as in honor of the retirement of Jackie Robinson's uniform number 42 throughout professional baseball (on April 15 - the anniversary of Robinson's MLB debut - entire teams often wear 42). In addition, in 1999, MLB staged "Turn Ahead the Clock Day," in which teams wore futuristic, somewhat strange-looking uniforms, including futuristic or science fiction references, such as the New York Mets being referred to as the "Mercury Mets."
The result is that it is now often difficult to say which uniform is a team's "official" one. For example, from 1999 to 2006 the Cincinnati Reds wore a variety of caps: all red, red crown and black bill, black crown and red bill, and all black, but since 2007, only the all-red (home) and red crown/black bill (away) are used. In contrast from the pre-1970s era, in which there usually was just one home uniform and one road uniform (with certain exceptions, such as Oakland and Pittsburgh's complex combinations), today choices of what combination of uniform elements are worn are now sometimes left up to players. In some cases, aspects of the uniform that are considered official are rarely worn, such as the New York Mets' blue home cap, with the orange button, which was rarely seen on the field in the years 1998–2012 in favor of an "alternate" black-and-blue cap. The Mets added the orange button on their blue caps in 1995. Through 2010, the New York Yankees, Detroit Tigers and Los Angeles Dodgers are three teams whose uniforms have changed little since the 1930s (only the Tigers, Yankees, White Sox, and Washington Nationals retain the once-common practice of placing the cap insignia on their home whites). The Dodgers (a blue jersey once in 1999) and Tigers (a navy jersey twice in 1995) had worn alternate uniforms in the past, but as of 2010 did not have one (the St. Louis Cardinals didn't wear an alternate jersey until 2013). Typically, home uniforms feature the team’s nickname, while away uniforms feature the name of the team’s geographic designation. Currently, the Tampa Bay Rays, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, and Milwaukee Brewers are the only exceptions to this rule, although the Brewers reintroduced "Milwaukee" on their alternate away uniforms in 2010. These teams feature the club nickname on both the home and away uniforms (since 1900, in 165 seasons - including the Athletics' presence in the city from 1901 to 1954 - the full word "Philadelphia" has "never" appeared on a Major League jersey). From 1973 to 2008, the Baltimore Orioles were part of this group - the omission of the city's name being part of a largely successful effort to attract fans from the Washington, D.C. area - before returning "Baltimore" to the road jerseys in 2009, by which time their neighbor 38 miles (61 km) to the south once again had a team of its own. As of 2012, only two teams wear their city/state name on their home uniforms, the Texas Rangers and Miami Marlins. 
MLB jerseys worn on the field have been made out of double-knit polyester since the early 1970s. The Pittsburgh Pirates were the first to switch when the franchise opened Three Rivers Stadium following the 1970 All-Star Game. The Cardinals followed suit to open 1971, and the Orioles made a gradual change until adopting them full-time for that season's ALCS. In the World Series, Baltimore faced the original double-knit converts, the Pirates. 
Sixteen teams debuted double-knits to open 1972; the Red Sox adopted them after the All-Star Game, and the Giants debuted them at home only at mid-season as well. The final flannel holdouts, the Expos, Royals and Yankees, converted to open 1973.
Jerseys have featured an MLB logo on the back collar since 2000.
MLB on-field caps have featured an MLB logo on the back since 1992. Until 2007, MLB caps were made out of wool, with a gray underbrim having become common by the late 1980s. (The New York Yankees were among the last MLB teams to wear caps with the previously common kelly green underbrim, only switching their caps to the gray underbrim in 1994.) In 2007, all standard MLB caps were made of polyester, with a black underbrim to reduce glare.
Official rules.
The official rules state that:
After the death of Twins great Harmon Killebrew in May 2011, the Twins' 2011 "throwback" alternate uniform became the primary home uniform in honor of Killebrew, who wore a similar style of uniform during his playing days with the Twins.
Another apparent violation of the concept of a "uniform" is that some players on a team will wear the traditional knee-breeches or "knickers" while other teammates are wearing the more-recent ankle-length, closely cut trousers. Many clubs do this at both major and minor league level, with no apparent objections.
On game days that do not require a special uniform (either by team or MLB request) it is generally (but not always) the starting pitcher for a team that chooses the uniform to be worn for that day's game.

</doc>
<doc id="19193546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193546" title="Isabella, Countess of Vertus">
Isabella, Countess of Vertus

Isabella of France (Château de Bois de Vincennes, 1 October 1348 – Pavia, 11 September 1373) was a French princess and member of the House of Valois, as well as the wife of Gian Galeazzo Visconti, Lord of Milan, although she died before her husband's accession).
Isabella was the youngest daughter of King John II of France by his first wife Bonne of Bohemia. Her siblings included: Charles V of France, Louis I of Naples, John, Duke of Berry, Philip II, Duke of Burgundy, Joanna, Queen of Navarre and Maria of Valois; Isabelle had two other sisters, but they didn't live to adulthood. Her maternal grandparents were John of Luxembourg and Elizabeth of Bohemia. Her paternal grandparents were Philip VI of France and Joan the Lame.
Her maternal uncle Count Amadeus VI of Savoy arranged her marriage with Gian Galeazzo Visconti. As her dowry, Isabella received the county of Sommières, exchanged later for the county of Vertus. On 8 October 1360, Isabella and Gian Galeazzo were married in Milan, and six months later, in April 1361, she was declared sovereign Countess of Vertus. The couple had six children:
Isabella died from childbirth in 1373.

</doc>
<doc id="19193550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193550" title="Docynia">
Docynia

Docynia (栘木衣属, "duo yi shu") is a genus of flowering trees, evergreen or semi-evergreen, in the family Rosaceae. Their leaves are simple, alternate, and stipulate, with flowers shortly stalked, 2–5-fascicled, and precocious or synantherous. Docynia reproduce following pollination by insect interaction and possess both male and female reproductive systems. The fruit is pomaceous.

</doc>
<doc id="19193554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193554" title="Caecilius of Elvira">
Caecilius of Elvira

Saint Caecilius ("Cecil, Cecilius, Cäcilius", ) is venerated as the patron saint of Granada, Spain. Tradition makes him a Christian missionary of the 1st century, during the Apostolic Age. He evangelized the town of "Iliberri" or "Iliberis" (Elvira/Granada), and became its first bishop. He is thus considered the founder of the archdiocese of Granada, established around 64 AD. Elvira’s first bishop, according to the "Glosas Emilianenses", was Caecilius. Tradition states that he wrote some didactic treatises and that he was burned to death during the reign of Nero. 
He is one of the group of Seven Apostolic Men ("siete varones apostólicos"), seven Christian clerics ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain. Besides Caecilius, this group includes Sts. Hesychius, Ctesiphon, Torquatus, Euphrasius, Indaletius, and Secundius ("Isicio, Cecilio, Tesifonte, Eufrasio, Hesiquio y Segundo").
Veneration.
Sacromonte, a neighbourhood of Granada, celebrates on the first February each year the "Fiesta de San Cecilio", when large crowds gather to celebrate the city's first bishop and Granada's patron saint. The fiesta and abbey act as key instruments for the preservation, propagation and dissemination of Caecilius' legend, by which the city of Granada in the 17th century sought to redefine its historic identity, replacing its recent Moorish past with accounts of earlier Christian origins.
The legend states that the catacombs of Sacromonte are the site of Saint Cecil's martyrdom, and the abbey preserves the supposed relics of Cecil and eleven other saints' bones, ashes and the oven in which they were believed to have been burned. It also possesses the inscribed lead plaques and books, the Lead Books of Sacromonte, that were found with the supposed relics, but which were subsequently dismissed by the Holy Office as forgeries.

</doc>
<doc id="19193556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193556" title="Ahmed Saad Osman">
Ahmed Saad Osman

Ahmed Saad Suleiman Osman (Arabic أحمد سعد عثمان, born 7 August 1979) is a Libyan football attacker who plays for Club Africain in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1. He also plays for the Libya national football team and he featured in the 2009 African Championship of Nations.
He played in the African Nations Cup in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19193566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193566" title="Little Abitibi River">
Little Abitibi River

The Little Abitibi River is a river in northern Ontario. It runs about 120 kilometres up into the Abitibi Canyon, where Ontario Power Generation's Abitibi Canyon Generating Station dams the river at Fraserdale, an abandoned railway town.
It was made famous in "The Blackfly Song" which concerned the construction of a dam on the Little Abitibi River, which was also referred to as "Little Ab."

</doc>
<doc id="19193591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193591" title="Jean-Marc Ferry">
Jean-Marc Ferry

Jean-Marc Ferry (born 1946) is a French philosopher who is best known for his book "Les puissances de l'expérience" (1991), described by Paul Ricoeur as "one of the most important works recently published in the field of social and political philosophy". He has also translated the work of Jürgen Habermas, by whom he was influenced, into French.
Narration, Interpretation, Argumentation, Reconstruction.
According to Ferry, the forms of discourse through which identity is constructed are narration, interpretation, argumentation, and reconstruction. P. Smith summarizes Ferry as follows,
Historical and discursive progress from narration toward reconstruction is associated with increasing reflexivity about identity and the grounds upon which it is established. Narration, in Ferry’s view, consists of ossified traditional myths which define identities in a more or less prescriptive, taken-forgranted way. Interpretation, on the other hand, involves the assimilation of identity to universal categories like law and justice and is exemplified in early Christian and ancient Greek thought. Argumentation opens up claims of identity to rational dialogue as embodied, for example, in the Enlightenment. Reconstruction, the final step toward reflexivity, involves hermeneutic attempts to understand the historical grounds behind the "good reasons" offered by others in argumentation. This is in part a logical and ethical consequence of the shift from it to you (acknowledging subjectivity) which emerges with argumentation itself.
Postnational Identity and Europe.
Ferry also discusses what he considers to be the building of "postnational identity" in Europe, a way to think of the European Union as a medium to separate national identity and political identity. The former and the latter are unified in the classical Nation-State, but separated by the process of the building of a new Europe, whose ultimate political identity is not the Nation-State but a "Political Community" which, according to Ferry, is not a Federal State nor a State in general but an absolutely other form of political construction. This new construction derives from the experience of World Wars I & II, which, Ferry believes, forced the European people to organize their inter-relationship beyond classical models of sovereignty and warfare.
The Spinelli Group.
On 15 September, 2010 Ferry supported the new initiative Spinelli Group in the European Parliament, which was founded to reinvigorate the strive for federalisation of the European Union (EU). Other prominent supporters are: Jacques Delors, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, Guy Verhofstadt, Andrew Duff, Elmar Brok.

</doc>
<doc id="19193602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193602" title="Gudleiv Forr">
Gudleiv Forr

Gudleiv Forr (born 26 August 1940) is a Norwegian journalist and political commentator.
He hails from Inderøy. He worked in "Dagbladet" for his entire career; from 1968 to his retirement in 2007. In 2001 he was awarded the Gullpennen prize ("The Golden Pen") by the Norwegian Riksmål Association.
He has a cand.philol. degree. He has written a number of books, including 2007's "Landsgymnaset".

</doc>
<doc id="19193605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193605" title="Batova">
Batova

The Batova () is a river in northeastern Bulgaria. The river flows in a wide valley between the Dobruja plateau to the north and the Franga plateau to the south, ultimately flowing directly into the Black Sea. The Batova is only 39 kilometres long, but it is notable as the only river in Southern Dobruja that does not run dry on an annual basis. The river is deep between November and May, with a peak in February, and shallow during the remaining five months, particularly in July and August. The Batova's drainage basin covers 339 square kilometres and its average flow is 340 litres per second. The river passes through the village of Batovo in Dobrichka municipality, Dobrich Province, after which it is named.
According to a report from 2001, the Batova's waters exhibit mid to light pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="19193639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193639" title="KMBH">
KMBH

KMBH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19193660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193660" title="Telenorte">
Telenorte

Telenorte was a Chilean Television network launched in 1966 and closed in 2001. The network had stations in Arica, Iquique, Antofagasta and La Serena.
History.
Telenorte appeared in 1982, after privatization of the television network owned by the Catholic University of the North into a single channel. The original channel started in 1966, in Antofagasta, called "Red Educativa de la Universidad del Norte" ("Educational Network of the University of the North"). The network was to come to other cities in the following years.
After creation of the network came an era of transmissions originating with Canal 13 in Santiago de Chile via microwave transmission. Programs were broadcast live, such as "Sábado Gigante", that once were available as rebroadcasts only.
The last major transmission with Canal 13 was in 1988. Later, Telenorte signed with Chilevisión in 1990, with deals with Red Televisión and Megavisión coming later. Finally, Telenorte signed with UCV TV in 1994 until 2001.
In 1995, Universidad Católica del Norte ceased to be owner and when ownership passed into the hands of Compañía Radio Chilena S.A.
The network entered into bankruptcy, closing studios in Iquique in 1996, La Serena in 1997, Antofagasta in 1998. The Arica station closed in 2001, ending the network.
On December 31, 2001 UCV TV took over Telenorte, giving the Valparaíso station coverage in northern Chile. However, the signal was shut down in 2005. 
That same year, the Telenorte signal was acquired by the company "Alfa Tres", owner of Telecanal.

</doc>
<doc id="19193668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193668" title="Alf van der Hagen">
Alf van der Hagen

Alf van der Hagen (born 18 May 1962) is a Norwegian journalist.
He was the editor-in-chief of "Morgenbladet" in the period 2003 – 2012. He has previously worked in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation as a journalist, and in the book club Den norske Bokklubben. He has a cand.philol. degree, majoring in history of ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="19193685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193685" title="Clarence Owen Cooper">
Clarence Owen Cooper

Clarence Owen Cooper (17 October 1899 – 5 April 1966) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Meaford, Ontario and became a farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Rosetown—Biggar riding in the 1958 general election, then re-elected there in 1962 and 1963. After completing his third and final term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, Cooper left federal office and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19193692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193692" title="Clarence Cooper">
Clarence Cooper

Clarence Cooper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19193763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193763" title="List of compositions by Krzysztof Penderecki">
List of compositions by Krzysztof Penderecki

The following is an incomplete list of works by the Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki.

</doc>
<doc id="19193769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193769" title="Sarah Thompson (Home and Away)">
Sarah Thompson (Home and Away)

Sarah O'Neale (nėe Thompson) is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Laura Vasquez. The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 26 January 1993. Vasquez's screen-test for the role was one of her career highlights. Sarah is characterised as a "real good goody" female who is "very intelligent" and she arrives to study in Summer Bay. Sarah's main romance storyline is with Tug O'Neale (Tristan Bancks). Subsequently Vasquez and Bancks became fixtures in the media, as interest increased about the nature of the actor's off-screen relationship. Mary Fletcher from "Woman's Own" wrote that "Home and Away" producers were infuriated by the reports because they felt it discredited the show's image. But the actors later denied any romance occurring off-screen. 
During her tenure, Sarah also dates Nathan Roberts (David Dixon) and he attempts to get Sarah to lose her virginity to him. Vasquez has stated that her favourite storyline for Sarah was an asthma attack because it portrayed the seriousness of the condition. Vasquez later left the series and Sarah departed during October 1994, but the actress returned for guest appearances in 1995 and 2005. Lisa Anthony from "BIG!" said that Sarah was a "quiet" character and Justine Cullen writing for "Inside Soap" said that she was unlucky in love. Two episodes of the serial centric to Sarah's storyline were also nominated for an Australian Film Institute award.
Casting.
Vasquez has said that her "biggest breakthrough" career wise was her final screen test for the role of Sarah. In 1994, Vasquez left "Home and Away" to pursue a career in music. But a writer from "TV Week" claimed that Vasquez discovered that Sarah was being written out after they published the story in their magazine.
Character development.
Characterisation.
A writer from "Home and Away - The Official Magazine" said that Sarah is a "real good goody and very intelligent too". They added that when Sarah arrives to study at Summer Bay High but her father Matthew (Jeff Truman) does not want her to stay. Sarah ultimately ends up staying and living with Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn).
Sarah suffers from asthma and in one scene she suffers a serious asthma attack. Vasquez told "Look-in's" writer that it was her favourite scene from Sarah's entire duration. It was a "great" opportunity for her as an actress because she highlighted that having an asthma attack "can be really frightening".
In 1994, Lisa Anthony from "BIG!" reported that Angel Brooks (Melissa George) would give Sarah a make-over transforming her from "square to sex goddess". Sarah's new attire included little shorts, Vasquez told Anthony that her character's style was still "daggy" because she is a "country girl" and "just so conservative compared to Angel".
Relationship with Tug O'Neale.
Sarah's first relationship storyline is with Tug O'Neale (Tristan Bancks). Bancks told a writer from "Look-in" that Sarah is "sweet and innocent" type of character. While Vasquez noted that from the beginning Sarah thought Tug was "pretty cute" and she likes the way he treats her. Tug is characterised as the serial's "troublemaker" but Sarah sees "the softer side of him". In the "Home and Away – Official Collector’s Edition" a writer said that Tug was "absolutely furious" when he learned that his "archenemy" Shane Parrish (Dieter Brummer), planned to kiss Sarah. But it was later revealed that Sarah did love Tug and "that kiss was only a ploy to make Tug jealous".
Vasquez told Lisa Anthony from "BIG!" that she and Bancks "hit it off straight away". While Vasquez and Bancks had formed a friendship due to their characters' romance, journalists became convinced that the actors were in a relationship. Bancks told Ally Oliver from "Inside Soap" that the media often "pestered" them about the nature of their off-screen relationship. A magazine printed a story that they had admitted they were in a relationship and pictures of Vasquez with her arms around Bancks. "Home and Away" producers were "furious" with Vasquez and Bancks because they felt it ruined the show's image. But the pair denied the magazines claims. Bancks told Mary Fletcher from "Woman's Own" that as they were "spending eight hours a day as teenage sweethearts" made them contemplate a relationship, but they decided against it. 
The two characters were involved in many "snogging scenes" and Vasquez said that she was single at the time which made the scenes easier to deal with. Sarah and Tug's first kiss was filmed during the school holidays. Vasquez said that filming the kiss was "quite nerve-racking" because there was a "circle of school kids" surrounding them. The actors were already nervous about the scenes, but having school children watching them made the situation worse. Bancks told Anthony that it was a "nightmare situation" and found the experience of kissing Vasquez in front of "seven hundred thousand people" really "strange". The fans even began to hassle Bancks as they had predicted that his character would be required to kiss Sarah. Vasquez said that working alongside Bancks on the Sarah and Tug romance for six months had resulted in them becoming "best friends". Vasquez later revealed that it was her first on-screen kiss and the "biggest thrill" to kiss Bancks. But Bancks said that it was "awkward" because they kept bumping their heads together.
The two characters become engaged, but Sarah later decides to hand the ring back to Tug. Vasquez explained that Sarah changes her mind because "Tug's problem is that he's unsure of himself because he hasn't had a good upbringing." But the actress believed that there was still hope for their relationship because Sarah is always there to give him the attention he needs. Sarah offers Tug "understanding and makes him a better person". Vasquez added that Sarah and Tug are "really two different people" but their commonality is that they "get on pretty well together".
Sarah also begins a relationship with Nathan Roberts (David Dixon). He attempts to convince Sarah to lose her virginity to him. The scenes formed the serial's annual cliffhanger storyline in 1993. Dixon told Richard Galpin from "BIG!" that Nathan gets her "in the back of my Charger, then I put the hard word on her and go for it". The actor did not entirely enjoy filming the scenes because he was too busy concentrating on his following lines. Like with Bancks, Vasquez took Dixon's first on-screen kiss.
Storylines.
Sarah arrives at Summer Bay High to enroll in Year 11 as the school near her father Matthew's farm has closed down. She talks to Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn) and Luke Cunningham (John Adam) but Matthew forces her to return home. After Luke argues the case for Sarah attending school, She begins staying with Donald's daughter, Bobby Marshall (Nicolle Dickson) and her husband Greg (Ross Newton). Sarah makes friends with Damian Roberts (Matt Doran) and shows some interest in him but he does not make a move. Tug O'Neale, however attracts Sarah's attentions and they become a couple. Sarah then meets Angel and they become the best of friends.
Sarah's relationship with Tug is met with several dramas. The first of which occurs when Sarah suffers a severe Asthma attack while in the bush and Tug runs for help. Sarah is then robbed while in the city and almost abducted. She is later fostered by Ailsa and her husband Alf (Ray Meagher) and befriends Roxanne Miller (Lisa Lackey) one of her teachers, who becomes a big sister figure to her. Sarah wins the female lead in the school musical arranged by Luke and Roxy but Tug is enraged when he finds out Sarah is starring opposite his nemesis Shane, who has taken the part as revenge for framing him for burglary. On opening night, Shane overdoes a kissing scene with Sarah, resulting in Tug punching him and ruining the show. Sarah is distraught and refuses to speak to either Tug or Shane again. Sarah, now single receives attention from her classmates but they cancel their dates. Angel suspects Tug is threatening them and sets Shane up as a decoy and convinces Tug that Shane and Sarah are seeing each other. Sarah quickly finds out and warns Shane but Tug attacks him. She then confronts Tug, forcing him to see the relationship is over and they agree to be friends.
Damian's older brother, Nathan is released from prison and Sarah falls for him. Damian and Tug try to warn Sarah but she will not listen and is convinced Nathan has changed and begins seeing him in secret when Alf and Ailsa disapprove. They are furious when they discover the relationship and when Sarah lets their son Duncan (Lewis Devaney) wander out into the road while she is watching him, they ask her to leave. Sarah learns Nathan is behind a robbery at the school and admits she had been wrong about him, managing to patch things up with the Stewarts. Her friendship with Angel takes a dive when she discovers Angel wrote a story which is published in a magazine and finds it is clearly based on her experiences with Nathan. Sarah is angry for a while as she told Angel everything in confidence but eventually forgives her.
Following the Year 12 formal, Matthew suffers a heart attack and Sarah persuades the Stewarts to let him stay with them while he recovers. Matthew is keen to get Tug and Sarah back
together so they can run the farm but Sarah dashes his hopes and later leaves Summer Bay to attend University. She returns in April 1995 to serve as Angel's bridesmaid at her wedding to Shane. In 2002, Alf mentions to a newly-paroled Nathan (now played by Craig Ball) that Tug and Sarah have since married and are expecting their second child. Sarah returns three years later for Alf's 60th birthday, confirming she and Tug are still together.
Reception.
Anthony writing for "BIG!" said that "quiet" Sarah and "tough" Tug were not an obvious match. Justine Cullen from "Inside Soap" said that Sarah did not have a "lorra luck in love". The episodes featuring the climax of Tug and Shane's feud where Sarah is caught in the middle at the school musical were nominated for "Best Television Episode in a Serial Drama" at the Australian Film Institute awards in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19193791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193791" title="Henry Frank Jones">
Henry Frank Jones

Henry Frank Jones (21 August 1920 - 4 March 1964) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan and became a barrister by career.
He was first elected at the Saskatoon riding in 
the 1957 general election, then re-elected there for successive terms in 1958, 1962 and 1963. Jones died in office on 4 March 1964, during his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament.
Jones served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Veterans Affairs from 1960 to 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19193794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193794" title="Thomas M. Green, Sr.">
Thomas M. Green, Sr.

Thomas Marston Green Sr. (November 19, 1723–1805) was a Colonel in the American Revolutionary War.
Early life.
Thomas was born in Williamsburg, Virginia to Thomas Green III and Elizabeth Marston. His family was prosperous and Thomas's schooling was by a private tutor.
The American Revolution, Georgia, and Mississippi.
Not much is known of Green's service in the Revolution. What is known is that he was a commissioned Colonel in the Colonial Army. He later moved to Georgia where he met and befriended General George Rogers Clark. After discussing a plan with George, Thomas gathered a small army. Green gathered his men at the Holston River where they built a small fleet of boats. After floating down the river the party did not find George as expected so they continued on to Natchez, Mississippi. Thomas received an interview with the Spanish Governor Manuel Gayoso de Lemos where he claimed the entire district for Georgia. The Spanish expecting a revolt had him arrested and thrown in prison in New Orleans. Soon afterward his wife Martha came down to have him released, but she soon after died of exposure and stress. The Governor feeling sympathy for the Green family released Thomas. He settled his family in Jefferson County, Mississippi where he became one of the most influential men in the territory. He was also instrumental in forming Bourbon county the 2nd largest county in the United States history when he had the Bourbon Act of 1785 passed.
Andrew Jackson and Rachel Donelson.
Green is perhaps most famous for the marrying of Andrew Jackson to Rachel Donelson. Sometime in 1791 at the Green Family Springfield Plantation Green as one of the Magistrates of the Mississippi Territory married the couple together.
Wife and children.
On November 21, 1752 Thomas married Martha Wills with whom he fathered ten children, the most famous of his children being Congressman Thomas M. Green Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19193840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193840" title="KJJL">
KJJL

KJJL (540 AM) was a planned radio station scheduled to serve Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, USA. The construction permit was held by Timothy C. Cutforth. KJJL would have broadcast an oldies music format to the greater Cheyenne, Wyoming, area.
History.
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on July 28, 2005. The new station was assigned the KJJL call sign by the FCC on August 19, 2005. KJJL's construction permit was scheduled to expire on July 28, 2008.
The station applied for a license to cover on August 1, 2008, but citing significant technical deficiencies in the belated application the FCC ultimately dismissed the application on February 19, 2009, and the station was deleted from the FCC database.
Legal action.
Station owner Timothy C. Cutforth filed a Petition for Reconsideration on March 23, 2009. After finding that Cutforth "failed to complete Station construction by the July 28, 2008, construction deadline" and improperly filed the application for a license to cover, that petition was denied on June 19, 2009. On July 20, 2009, Cutforth applied to the FCC for a review of the application. , this application is still pending.

</doc>
<doc id="19193844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193844" title="What the World Needs Now Is Love (album)">
What the World Needs Now Is Love (album)

What the World Needs Now Is Love is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Wynonna Judd, released in 2003 as her first album for Curb / Asylum Records. It produced four chart singles; the first of these, which was the title track, reached #14 on the "Billboard" country charts. It was followed by "Heaven Help Me" at #37 and "Flies on the Butter" (a duet with her mother, Naomi Judd) at #33. The fourth and final single, a cover of Foreigner's "I Want to Know What Love Is", did not enter the country charts, but reached #14 on Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and #12 on Hot Dance Airplay.
Also covered on this album is Elvis Presley's "Burning Love"; Wynonna's cover was previously included in the soundtrack to the 2002 film "Lilo & Stitch". Additionally, "You Are" was featured in the soundtrack to the 2003 film "Someone Like You", which starred Wynonna's half-sister, Ashley Judd. Finally, "Flies on the Butter" was previously recorded by Lari White on her 1998 album "Stepping Stone".

</doc>
<doc id="19193852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193852" title="HD 40325">
HD 40325

HD 40325 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="19193858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193858" title="James Bevan">
James Bevan

James Bevan (15 April 1856–3 February 1938) was a Wales international rugby union three-quarter who played club rugby for Clifton RFC and Newport. He is best known for being the first Welsh international captain, whilst at Cambridge University.
Rugby career.
Born in St Kilda, Victoria, Australia, Bevan moved to England after his parents, James and Elizabeth (nee Fly), died when the "SS London" sank in a gale in the Bay of Biscay on 11 January 1866. He attended Hereford Cathedral School, and played for Abergavenny before attending university at St John's College, Cambridge. Bevan played for Cambridge University, and while with Cambridge was selected to captain the very first Welsh international, against England.
The Rugby Football Union insisted that the England vs Wales match be played on 19 February 1881. This was the same day that Swansea were playing Llanelli at Neath in a semi-final cup-tie thus depriving Wales of several players. This was Wales's first international, organised before the Welsh Rugby Union was set up. The players had never played together before, though one player, Major Richard Summers, was selected for Wales on his performances a couple of years earlier for his school, Cheltenham College, in matches against Cardiff and Newport. No formal invitations to play were sent out to the Welsh XV. Two of those expected to appear didn't turn up, so bystanders, university undergraduates with tenuous Welsh links who had travelled to London to see the match, were called in to play for Wales.
It was a humiliating defeat for the Welsh team and Bevan never played for Wales again (under modern scoring values Wales lost 82-0). A month after the match the WRFU was founded at the Castle Hotel, Neath on 12 March 1881.
Bevan later became an Anglican clergyman.
The James Bevan Trophy was named in his honour to celebrate 100 years of Test Rugby.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19193866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193866" title="WXNH">
WXNH

WXNH (540 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Jaffrey, New Hampshire, USA. The station is currently owned by Steven Wendell.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19193869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193869" title="Lead Books of Sacromonte">
Lead Books of Sacromonte

The Lead Books of Sacromonte () are a series of texts inscribed on circular lead leaves, now considered to be 16th century forgeries. 
History.
The Lead Books were discovered in the caves of Sacromonte, a hillside outside the old city of Granada, Spain, between 1595 and 1606. They comprise 22 volumes of inscribed circular lead leaves, laced together with lead wire and bound within folded lead covers. They were found together with burned human remains, identified by lead plaques as being those of Caecilius of Elvira and eleven followers, supposedly martyred under the Emperor Nero. References in the books claim that they were inscribed by Arabic-speaking Christians during the Roman period, and deposited with the martyrs' remains.
The Lead Books appeared to be written in a combination of Arabic and Latin, using characters that 16th century Morisco scholars claimed to recognise as "Solomonic" and which they identified as pre-Islamic Arabic. Many letter forms were uncertain, and the texts themselves were cryptic and obscure, so the Catholic authorities found themselves entirely reliant on Morisco translators; chief amongst whom were Miguel de Luna and Alonso del Castillo, who by fortunate chance lived in the nearby Albaicin, and who had indeed been instrumental in the rediscovery of some of the books. One complete book, the so-called "Libro Mudo", or "Mute Book", has remained undeciphered and untranslated to this day.
As reported by the Christian Morisco translators, the books recorded the prophetic and liturgical teachings of the Blessed Virgin Mary, chiefly addressed through Saint Peter, in which she gave instructions for Saint James the Great and Saint Caecilius to be dispatched on a mission to evangelise Spain, stating her love for the Arabic peoples and language of that land, and promising her particular guardianship over the city of Granada. Taken together, the books may be regarded as a supplement to the canonical Acts of the Apostles (and taken together, are indeed of similar length), but recording an alternative mission history in which Saint Paul does not appear. The Virgin's words had apparently been delivered in Latin, but were claimed to have been translated and interpreted into Arabic by Caecilius. The texts include an explicit reference to the Counter-Reformation formulation of the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception ("Mariam non comprehendit peccatum originale"), but also employ terminology otherwise closer to Islamic formulae: "God is One. There is no God but God, and Jesus is the Spirit of God."
A consistent theme is to emphasise Arabic as an ancient language of Spain, Arabs in Granada as the first Christians in Spain, and Christianity as the true religion of the Arabs. The form of Christianity presented is such as to be highly acceptable to Catholics in Granada, emphasising the veneration of relics, the cult of the Virgin, and the priority of Granada as a Christian bishopric, but also downplaying some aspects of Christianity that were most repugnant to Muslims, including the cult of icons, the doctrine of the Trinity, the worship of Jesus as the incarnate Son of God and the use of wine in the Eucharist. 
The discovery of the books, and the associated relics, proved to be the occasion of numerous miracles that confirmed their authenticity in the sight of the local population and of the church authorities in Granada, and attracted royal support from both Philip II and Philip III.
Analysis.
Early 17th century Protestant scholars in the Netherlands also took a keen interest, but their characterisation of the Lead Books as a blatant fabrication only served to discredit dissenting opinions within Catholic Spain by association with heresy. The Vatican remained highly sceptical of the texts, however, and in 1642 succeeded in having the Lead Books sent to Rome, together with an associated "ancient" parchment which had been discovered in 1588 in a lead box in the tower of a former mosque in the city of Granada itself. A prolonged investigation by the Holy Office in Rome concluded in 1682 that both the parchment and the Lead Books were heretical forgeries. While the Vatican's condemnation did not implicate any specific individuals, scholarly consensus since the sixteenth century is that the forgers were probably Luna and Castillo, the same two Moriscos who had translated many of the texts. While further discussion of the books by Catholics was officially forbidden, some Spanish scholars continued to maintain the authenticity of the texts through till the 19th century. The Lead Books were kept in the Vatican, but eventually returned to the Abbey of the Sacromonte in the year 2000. The Church authorities in Granada continue to forbid scholarly access however, on the grounds that the official prohibition remains in force. Current studies depend on the various (often partial and highly contradictory) transcripts and translations made at the time of the books' discovery, and on some independent decipherments produced by Vatican Arabists. 
Almost all scholars now concur with the official verdict and believe that the books are a forgery intended to promote toleration of the language, dress and customs of Christian Moriscos in the face of increasing hostility from the Spanish Inquisition and the Castilian state. If so, this exercise was unsuccessful in its general objective, as between 1609 and 1614 the entire Christian Morisco population of Andalucia, estimated as 250,000 persons, was deported, and, although some were allowed to settle in Italy, most eventually found their way to North Africa or Turkey, where they reverted to Islam. Both Castillo and Luna escaped this fate, as the archbishop of Granada, Pedro de Vaca de Castro y Quiñones, grateful for the immense increase in the prestige of his see arising from the discovery of the relics of St Caecilius, extended his personal protection to them and their families. Many of the deported Moriscos remained convinced of the books' authenticity however, and transcripts continued to circulate within Tunisia, until this practice was forcibly suppressed by Islamic religious authorities there. 
The authenticity of the bones and ashes of the 12 martyrs was never officially challenged, and they continue to be venerated in the Abbey that Archbishop Castro built on the spot. Hence the legend has acquired a moral function directly contrary to the intention of its presumed original propagators; far from validating the authentically Spanish identity of Granada's Morisco traditions, the legend has served to sanction and celebrate the supersession of those traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="19193870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193870" title="Dominik Moll">
Dominik Moll

Dominik Moll (born 7 May 1962) is a German born French film director and screenwriter. He wrote and directed "Harry, un ami qui vous veut du bien" and "Lemming". He was born in Bühl, West Germany.
For his achievements on the film "Harry, un ami qui vous veut du bien", he won the 2001 César Award for Best Director. Both "Lemming" and "Harry, un ami qui vous veut du bien" were nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19193875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193875" title="Boccia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Boccia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Boccia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of five events. All events were mixed, meaning that men and women competed together.
Medal table.
The following countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19193878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193878" title="Tough (Kurtis Blow album)">
Tough (Kurtis Blow album)

Tough is the third album by rapper Kurtis Blow, released in 1982 on Mercury Records. It reached #38 on the Black Albums chart and #167 on the Pop Albums charts. The single "Tough" reached #37 on the Black Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19193880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193880" title="Wawer massacre">
Wawer massacre

The Wawer massacre refers to the execution of 107 Polish civilians on the night of 26 to 27 December 1939 by the Nazi German occupiers of Wawer (near Warsaw), Poland. The execution was a response to the deaths of two German NCOs. 120 people were arrested and 114 shot, of which 7 survived.
It is considered to be one of the first large scale massacres of Polish civilians by Nazi Germany in occupied Poland.
Background.
Nazi Germany invaded and occupied Poland in September 1939. From the start, the war against Poland was intended to be the fulfilment of a plan described by Adolf Hitler in his book "Mein Kampf". The main gist of the plan was for all of Eastern Europe to become part of a Greater Germany, the German "Lebensraum" ("living space").
On the evening of 26 December, two known Polish criminals, Marian Prasuła and Stanisław Dąbek, killed two German non-commissioned officers from Baubataillon 538. After learning of it, the acting commander of the Ordnungspolizei in Warsaw, colonel Max Daume ordered an immediate reprisal, consisting of a series of arrests of random Polish males, aged 16 to 70, found in the region where the killings occurred (in Wawer and the neighboring Anin villages).
Massacre.
After a kangaroo court presided over by Major General Friedrich Wilhelm Wenzl, 114 of the 120 people arrested - who had no knowledge of the recent killings, many of whom were roused from their beds - were sentenced to death. They were not given the opportunity to plead their case. Of the 114, one managed to escape, 7 were shot but not killed and managed to escape later, and 107 were shot dead. The dead included one professional military officer, one journalist, two Polish-American citizens and a 12-year old boy. Some of the executed were not locals, but merely visiting their families for Christmas.
Aftermath.
It was one of the earliest massacres (probably the second, after the Bochnia massacre of 52 civilians on December 18) to occur in occupied Poland. It was also one of the first instances of the large scale implementation by Germany of the doctrine of collective responsibility in the General Government in Poland since the end of the invasion in September.
Soon after the massacre a Polish youth resistance organization, "Wawer", was created. It was part of the Szare Szeregi (the underground Polish Scouting Association), and its first act was to create a series of graffiti in Warsaw around the Christmas of 1940, commemorating the massacre. Members of the AK Wawer "Small Sabotage" unit painted "Pomścimy Wawer" ("We'll avenge Wawer") on Warsaw walls. At first they painted the whole text, then to save time they shortened it to two letters, P and W. Later they invented Kotwica -"Anchor" - the symbol, a combination of these 2 letters, was easy and fast to paint. Next kotwica gained more meanings - Polska Walcząca ("Fighting Poland") . It also stands for Wojsko Polskie ("Polish Army") and Powstanie Warszawskie ("Warsaw Uprising"). Finally "Kotwica" became a patriotic symbol of defiance against the occupiers and was painted on building walls everywhere.
On 3 March 1947 the Polish Supreme National Tribunal for the Trial of War Criminals ("Najwyższy Trybunał Narodowy") sentenced Max Daume to death. Wilhelm Wenzel was extradited to Poland by the Soviets in 1950 and executed in November 1951.
There is now a monument in Wawer commemorating the massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="19193892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193892" title="Allen &quot;Puddler&quot; Harris">
Allen &quot;Puddler&quot; Harris

Allen W. "Puddler" Harris (born June 9, 1936) is a rock and roll and country musician who played piano in the original Ricky Nelson Band in Hollywood, California, and the last Jimmie Davis band in Louisiana. In between, he worked for a decade with Conway Twitty and became Twitty's production manager. 
Harris was born in tiny Jigger near Winnsboro, the parish seat of Franklin Parish in northeastern Louisiana. Jigger was also the birthplace of perennial Louisiana political candidate L.D. "None of the Above" Knox. Harris's interest in music began as a teenager when he and guitarist Fred Carter, Jr., also from Winnsboro, formed a band which played at parties, drive-in restaurants, and other similar gatherings. Harris joined the United States Marine Corps. On his discharge, he was given the opportunity to substitute for pianist Floyd Cramer at the Louisiana Hayride in the Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium. When Cramer moved permanently to Nashville, Harris replaced him as staff pianist at the Hayride, which closed in 1960. He also recorded and toured with Johnny Horton and became friends with Joe Osborn, originally from Mound near Tallulah, the seat of Madison Parish in northeastern Louisiana, and James Burton, a guitarist born in Minden, the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana. The trio thereafter reunited as members of the original Nelson band.
While in Hollywood, Harris recorded with Walter Brennan of "The Real McCoys" television series, Paul Revere and the Raiders, The Lettermen, The Ventures, and Ray Anthony. He also worked for Leroy Van Dyke and Nat Stuckey. When Stuckey toured with Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn, Twitty offered Harris a position with the "Twitty Bird Band".
While performing in Lake Charles, the seat of Calcasieu Parish in southwestern Louisiana, Harris became friends with the mayor and was subsequently asked to become director of the Lake Charles Civic Center, named for the late Mayor James E. Sudduth. It was during this time that Harris joined the last band of former Louisiana Governor Davis. He remained with his friend Davis until the former governor died in the year 2000. 
Harris resides in Lake Charles with his wife, Marsette B. Harris. He has four children and six grandchildren. He is among fifteen fellow musicians, living and deceased, including Davis and Twitty, who have been inducted into the Delta Music Museum Hall of Fame in Ferriday in Concordia Parish.
On January 28, 2012, Harris received the annual "Friend of Jimmie Davis" award at the banquet of the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19193898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193898" title="Cesan v The Queen">
Cesan v The Queen

Cesan v The Queen (2008) 83 ALJR 43 was a decision handed down in the High Court of Australia on 3 September 2008 quashing the convictions of two men for conspiring to import a commercial quantity of narcotics. The Court subsequently delivered reasons for its decision on 6 November 2008.
The appellants were convicted in the District Court of New South Wales of conspiring to import a commercial quantity of the drug ecstasy. On appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, it was alleged that the trial judge had been asleep during some parts of the trial when evidence was being given. While the Court of Criminal Appeal found that the judge "was nodding off and on occasion actually asleep from time to time during the trial", it said that this did not necessarily mean that there had been a miscarriage of justice. The Court held (by a 2:1 majority) that "there was no failure of process of such a kind as to make it impossible for the Court to decide that the convictions were just" and accordingly upheld the convictions.
The High Court granted the appellants special leave to appeal on 16 May 2008. The appeal was heard before the Full Court on 3 September 2008 which gave orders allowing the appeals, quashing the convictions and remitting the cases for retrials. The Court indicated that it would publish its reasons at a later date.

</doc>
<doc id="19193902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193902" title="Vasara (video game)">
Vasara (video game)

Vasara is a vertically scrolling manic shooter released in 2000 by Japanese company Visco Corporation. The game has an unusual setting (a science fantasy take on the Sengoku period) and gameplay as a curtain fire game. 
Plot.
The game takes place in an alternate historical version of the year 1600, following the death of Toyotomi Hideyoshi and the subsequent attempt by the robotic samurai armies of Tokugawa Ieyasu to take control of the nation. The player controls one of three color-coded warriors riding hoverbikes, each with the typical tradeoffs of speed and firepower:
Gameplay.
Each character starts off on their own individual level, proceeding through six stages of enemies, firing upon opponents while weaving through increasing curtains of enemy fire. On occasion, the player will encounter a miniboss and eventually a stage boss.
As this is a "bullet hell" game, the player has a small hitbox (essentially the character on the hoverbike), with points scored for scraping past enemy fire. Physical collision with an enemy unit will not result in destruction and loss of life, but will cause the player's ship to bounce off the enemy; however, this may also leave the player open to a barrage of enemy fire. The players has also access to a bomb which will temporarily clear the screen of enemies and enemy fire.
In addition to the above, scoring is done by grabbing the various gold ingots left in the wreckage of enemy craft. Other ways to score include multiple kills via the charge attack. Finally, the game has a "prestige kill" system, where the player is essentially challenged to a duel by an enemy character. Upon defeat of the enemy, a blood-spattered name plate is collected, and at the end of the stage, these name plates are counted for extra points.
Sequel.
The game was followed by a sequel, "Vasara 2", in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19193911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193911" title="Frank Rossavik">
Frank Rossavik

Frank Rossavik (born 21 December 1965) is a Norwegian journalist.
Rossavik graduated from the University of Bergen in 1986 with a bachelor's degree in comparative politics. In 2004 he took the master's degree in international politics from the Centre Européen de Recherches Internationales et Stratégiques. He worked as a journalist in "Rogalands Avis" from 1987 to 1988, before being hired as press secretary for the Socialist Left Party. He left in 1990. He worked as a journalist in "Bladet Tromsø" in 1990 and "Vårt Land" from 1991 to 1992, and then as information director in the European Movement Norway from 1992 to 1995 and information consultant in Gambit the next year. He worked as a journalist in "Bergens Tidende" from 1996 to 2009, and then became an editor in "Morgenbladet".
He has written two books, including the 2007 biography on Einar Førde for which he won the Brage Prize.
Rossavik is openly gay, and has been called "the best writer among the homosexuals" by Christian Conservative Finn Jarle Sæle.

</doc>
<doc id="19193917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193917" title="Jim Cook (baseball)">
Jim Cook (baseball)

James Fitchie Cook (November 10, 1879 – June 17, 1949) was a Major League Baseball player. Cook played in the season with the Chicago Cubs. In 8 games, Cook had four hits in 26 at-bats. He played the outfield and batted and threw right-handed. 
Cook was born in Dundee, Illinois and died in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19193949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193949" title="Johann Friedrich Adolf von der Marwitz">
Johann Friedrich Adolf von der Marwitz

Johann Friedrich Adolf von der Marwitz (24 March 1723 – 14 December 1781) was a Prussian general during the epoch of Frederick the Great.
Biography.
Born on his family's estate, Friedersdorf, near Seelow, district of Küstrin; †he entered the cavalry regiment Gensdarmes at the age of 17 and was promoted to commander over the years. In the Battle of Zorndorf he led his regiment with distinction and was promoted to major. He was even awarded the highest decoration of Prussia, the Pour le Mérite. In the battle of Hochkirch he fought and led his troops with success. Near the end of the Seven Years' War Prussian troops conquered the elector of Saxonys hunting lodge, Hubertusburg, near Leipzig.
The castle was given to Marwitz by the Prussian king Friedrich II., together with the order to sack it thoroughly. This was intended to be King Frederick's revenge for the sacking of Charlottenburg Palace by Russian, Austrian, and Saxon troops in 1760, depriving him of his highly-beloved collection of antiques. Given the order to sack the castle, von der Marwitz replied to his king, "This is unbefitting to an officer of His Majesty" ("es würde sich allenfalls für den Offizier eines Freibataillons schicken, nicht aber für einen Kommandeur Seiner Majestät Gensdarmes") and resigned his commission.
Frederick then gave the castle to his adjutant Quintus Icilius, who finally sacked and sold it. Several years later, von der Marwitz won most of the famous Hubertusburg books collection playing cards against Quintus Icilius.
Many years fallen from grace with Frederick the Great, Marwitz eventually became employed during the War of the Bavarian Succession as a Major Kriegskommissar with the king's brother Prince Henry of Prussia. Near the end of his life he was promoted to Major General. On the distribution of his parents' heritage he was assigned his family's stately home, Friedersdorf. However, he paid little attention to it, instead staying in Berlin, with his beloved books and paintings. He died, as his brother writes, "completely insolvent", but as an "extremely honest and widely tributed soldier, an honourable and very well-educated man of the world, a great friend of literature and arts".
His tombstone bears the following inscription, engraved by his nephew Friedrich August Ludwig von der Marwitz: ""Chose disfavour where obedience did not bring honour"" (""Wählte Ungnade, wo Gehorsam nicht Ehre brachte."") 
Johann Friedrich Adolf von der Marwitz died unmarried in Berlin in 1781.
Legacy.
""Chose disgrace where obedience did not bring honour""
This gravestone inscription is still a widely known phrase in Germany, to denote an example of a man who decided against his orders when he judged them as injust. Also the July 20 plot conspirers referred to him to show that every single man is responsible to his conscience first, and only secondly to his political leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19193971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193971" title="Auto-da-fé (disambiguation)">
Auto-da-fé (disambiguation)

An auto-da-fé (or auto da fé or auto de fe) is a Roman Catholic church ritual which became associated with its use during the Spanish Inquisition. 
The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19193976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193976" title="Queensland Heritage Council">
Queensland Heritage Council

The Queensland Heritage Council is an independent statutory authority created by the Queensland Parliament under the "Queensland Heritage Act 1992". The Council advises and reports to the Minister for Climate Change and Sustainability and is supported by a secretariat provided by the Department of Environment and Resource Management. It is also responsible for maintaining the Queensland Heritage Register.
Membership.
The Queensland Heritage Council is composed of:
The Current members of the Queensland Heritage Council are Peter Coaldrake (Chairperson), John Cotter, Marcus Ford, Stuart Lummis, William Marklew, Ivan McDonald, Judith McKay, Leanne O'Brien, Anthony Ross, George Seymour, and Glenda Sheaffe.
Functions.
Under the Act, the Queensland Heritage Council has the functions:
Queensland Heritage Register.
The Queensland Heritage Register is a statutory list of places that are protected by the . For a place to be entered in the register, it must be nominated and then go through a process of assessment. Currently, there are over 1500 places on the Queensland Heritage Register, including the Story Bridge in Brisbane and Paronella Park in Cairns.

</doc>
<doc id="19193984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193984" title="Masaru Furukawa">
Masaru Furukawa

World records.
Furukawa improved the world record of 200 metres breaststroke (long course) four times in 1954 and 1955, and his last record lasted until 1958.
Awards.
Furukawa was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19193988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19193988" title="Craigieburn Forest Park">
Craigieburn Forest Park

Craigieburn Forest Park is a protected area in the South Island of New Zealand.
One of its boundaries lies in part alongside State Highway 73 and is adjacent to the eastern flanks of the Southern Alps.
The Broken River Ski Area and the Craigieburn Valley Ski Area lie within its borders. As with all other public land in New Zealand the Department of Conservation carries out administration for conservation and for regulating commercial activity.
Conservation.
The New Zealand Forest Service had used the area as an experimental forestry area and there is now an environmental issue with the spread of wilding conifers.

</doc>
<doc id="19194005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194005" title="Android Developer Challenge">
Android Developer Challenge

The Android Developer Challenge (ADC) was launched by Google in 2008, with the aim of providing awards for high-quality mobile applications built on the Android platform. In November 2009, the winners of Android Developers Challenge II were selected after two rounds of scoring by thousands of Android users as well as an official panel of judges. The overall winners of ADC II were SweetDreams, What the Doodle!? and WaveSecure.
History.
Android is a software stack for mobile devices that includes an operating system, middleware and key applications. The Android SDK provides the tools and APIs necessary to begin developing applications that run on Android-powered devices. Android Developer Challenge was a competition for the most innovative applications for Android. Google offered USD 10 million in prizes, distributed between ADC I and ADC II. 
All entries were judged by a panel of experts in the fields of mobile devices, cellular telecommunications, software development or technology innovation. Google selected the judges from the member organizations of the Open Handset Alliance, Google and mobile experts.
Android Developer Challenge I.
The Android Developer Challenge was first announced in January, with submissions being accepted from 2 January to 14 April 2008. With participants from over 70 countries and a total of 1,788 entries, the ADC was an immediate success, and the Android Developers' blog reported a submission rate of 170+ submissions per hour on 14 April.
Developers from the United States accounted for one-third of the total applications while the rest came from countries such as Germany, Japan, China, India, Canada, France, UK, and many others. The entries represented a diverse range of application areas, including games, social-networking applications, utilities and productivity and developer tools.
A panel of over 100 judges received judging packets and laptops that were preloaded with all the submissions, for a consistent, fair environment to judge the submissions. After three weeks of rigorous analysis, the judges released a list of 50 first round winners, who were then eligible to participate in the final round. These 50 most promising entries, announced on 5 May 2008, each received a $25,000 award to fund further development. The finalists were then given a deadline of 30 June 2008 to submit their applications for the final round. The competition concluded with the announcement of ten teams that received $275,000 each, and ten teams that received $100,000 each. The entire list of $275,000 Award Recipients, $100,000 Award Recipients, Finalists and Judges can be viewed here.
Android Developers Challenge II.
ADC II was announced on 27 May 2009., calling developers to submit their apps to one of ten specially-designated ADC II categories in August. The categories were: 
Applicants were allowed to submit their applications to a single category only. The winners were selected after two rounds of scoring by thousands of Android users as well as an official panel of judges.
Eligibility.
The ADC II contest was open only to applications that had not been made publicly available through the Android Market prior to August 1, 2009. Additionally, applications that were entered in the ADC I contest were ineligible for the ADC II contest, regardless whether they were winning apps. Similarly, updated versions of applications entered in the ADC 1 contest were ineligible for ADC II.
First Round, ADC II.
In September 2009, users of Android-powered handsets that could access the Android Market were able to obtain a special ADC II judging application from the Android Market. With this app, they could download, test, and rank applications submitted to the challenge. Users choosing to participate in the review process downloaded submitted apps randomly and rated them along a number of criteria, resulting in a final score for each app. The results from this first round generated the top 20 applications in each of the 10 categories (200 apps total), which went into the second round. The first round of the ADC II closed on 6 October 2009. The first-round winners were announced on 5 November 2009.
Second Round, ADC II.
Voting for the second round opened on the same day and ended on November 25. Android users were able to download the final top 20 applications in each category and evaluate them in the same manner as during the First Round using the ADC 2 judging app. At the end of the voting period, applications in each category were ranked, with the community vote constituting 40% of the final judging score. Along with the public ranking, a team of Google-selected judges evaluated the applications. Their scores constituted 60% of the final score.
Google announced the top winners of ADC II on November 30, with SweetDreams, What the Doodle!? and WaveSecure being nominated the overall winners of the challenge. Furthermore, 1st, 2nd and 3rd prizes were awarded in each of the 10 categories.

</doc>
<doc id="19194020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194020" title="Flyscooters">
Flyscooters

Flyscooters was an American company that marketed gas-powered motor scooters manufactured in China and Taiwan. The company was founded in 2006 in Florida by scooter enthusiasts Leon Li and Daniel Pak, and ceased operations in 2010. During the operating life of the company, Flyscooters' basic business model was to import low-cost scooters from abroad (mostly China) and distribute them (under the Fly brand name) to a network of retail scooter dealerships across the USA, providing dealers with warranty and spare parts support. Although Chinese-made scooters did not have a very good reputation for quality at the time, by working directly with the manufacturers, Flyscooters improved the quality of their scooters to a level that was at least minimally satisfactory to the American consumer. Flyscooters' main marketing focus was the Internet, although the company did attend many scooter-based events and industry trade shows, and promoted their brand through such PR initiatives as providing scooters to TV shows and celebrities. The severe economic downturn of 2008-2009 slowed sales of scooters to the point where, despite having an established brand name, a loyal dealer network, competitively-low retail prices, and a reputation for providing good product support, the company could no longer stay in operation. Flyscooters closed in late 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19194027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194027" title="Collection (Wynonna Judd album)">
Collection (Wynonna Judd album)

Collection is the title of the first compilation album released by the American country music artist Wynonna Judd. The standard version of the album reprised eleven tracks from her first three studio albums: her 1992 self-titled debut, 1993's "Tell Me Why", and 1996's "Revelations". The standard edition of the album contained no new tracks, but a number of the songs were presented in remixed versions.
The Australian edition of the album was a more comprehensive collection and included an additional six tracks. This edition added the international singles "Making My Way (Any Way That I Can," "Father Sun," and Wynonna's duet with Michael English "Healing." It also included her cover of the Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird."

</doc>
<doc id="19194040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194040" title="Shake Hands with Danger">
Shake Hands with Danger

Shake Hands with Danger is the sixth album by the Chicago based electronica group TRS-80. It was released September 16, 2003 on CD by File Thirteen Records.
The first track "Cliff Evans" is named for the main character from the short film Cipher in the Snow and contains samples from it. The music video for "Cliff Evans" contains clips from the film.
Track listing.
Total time: 60:25

</doc>
<doc id="19194044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194044" title="Iraqi Virtual Science Library">
Iraqi Virtual Science Library

The Iraqi Virtual Science Library is an Iraqi Virtual Library providing Iraqi academics with access to recourses via the internet. The library, launched in May 2006, initially provided access to more than one million articles from 17,000 electronic journals and other resources. Access to this knowledge is considered vital for the rebuilding of Iraq as it will improve the curriculum which suffered under Saddam Hussein's regime. The library is part of the overall plan to improve access to information in Iraq.
The library's creation was spearheaded by a group of American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) fellows, including D.J. Patil, a scientist from the University of Maryland, College Park, in connection with JSTOR.
The library was funded in part by the US Department of Defense.
The U.S. Civilian Research & Development Foundation (CRDF) has managed the Iraqi Virtual Science Library following its official launch in May 2006. Continued funding has been provided by the US Department of State and the United States Department of Energy
In 2008, the Iraqi Virtual Science Library was expanded to provide access to all public universities in Iraq and a handful of Iraqi Ministries that are key to reconstruction efforts and future development.
In 2010 to present the IVSL managed and funded by Ministry of higher education and scientific research in Iraq.
Participating Institutions.
University of Anbar
Al-Mustansiriya University
Al Muthanna University
Al-Nahrain University
Al Qadissiya University
Babylon University
Baghdad University
Basrah University
Diyala University
University of Dohuk
Hawler Medical University - Kurdistan
The Islamic University, Baghdad
University of Karbala
Kirkuk University
University of Koya
Kufa University
University of Kurdistan - Hawler
Misan University
Mosul University
Salahaddin University
University of Sulaimani
Thi Qar University
Tikrit University
University of Technology, Iraq
Wassit University
Iraqi Academy of Science
Ministry of Environment (Iraq)
Ministry of Science and Technology (Iraq)
Ministry of Electricity (Iraq)
Ministry of Oil (Iraq)
Ministry of Agriculture (Iraq)
Ministry of Health (Iraq)
Ministry of Water Resources (Iraq)
Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (Iraq)
Ministry of Municipalities and Public Works (Iraq)

</doc>
<doc id="19194048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194048" title="Fiery Fork Conservation Area">
Fiery Fork Conservation Area

Fiery Fork Conservation Area is a public area in Camden County, Missouri, along the Little Niangua River.
It is large. It is mostly wooded with oak trees and some open space. The park includes a small campground, fishing, hiking, hunting, wildlife viewing, and small-boat access to the Little Niangua River.

</doc>
<doc id="19194067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194067" title="Marcel Samuel-Rousseau">
Marcel Samuel-Rousseau

Marcel Samuel-Rousseau (18 August 1882 Paris – 11 June 1955 Paris) was a French composer, organist, and opera director. He studied composition at the Paris Conservatoire and was awarded the Prix de Rome in 1905. He was the organist at Saint-Séverin from 1919–1922 and president of the Société des auteurs, compositeurs et éditeurs de musique from 1935-1953. For many years he was a professor of harmony at the Paris Conservatoire and artistic director of the Pathé opera company. From 1941-1944 he was director of the Opéra National de Paris.
As a composer Samuel-Rousseau was highly influenced by the works of Franck and Fauré. He tended to be more conservative in style than many of contemporaries but he was a master at chromatic harmony and had a strong sense for the dramatic. His compositions include operas, ballets, orchestral and piano music and songs. His best works are his operas, which tend towards the exotic and are ambitious in scale. Two of his operas, "Le Hulla" (1920) and "Kerkeb" (1931), are based in the Orient; with the latter's title role a Barber dancer in a harem. His opera "Tarass Boulba" (1919), is based on the legend of a Cossack warrior.
He also wrote one opera based on the Arthurian legend "Le roi Arthur" (1903).

</doc>
<doc id="19194098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194098" title="Cycling at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Cycling at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Cycling at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of 23 events in two disciplines, road cycling and track cycling.
Medal table.
The following countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19194114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194114" title="KKAR">
KKAR

KKAR (104.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Wamsutter, Wyoming, USA. The station, established in 2009, is currently owned by White Park Broadcasting, Inc. As of 2012, the station was silent.
Programming.
KKAR broadcasts an oldies music radio format.
History.
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on June 28, 2006. The new station was assigned the KRAN call sign by the FCC on October 30, 2006.
On March 23, 2009, White Park Broadcasting swapped call signs with KHNA, which has a construction permit for 103.3 FM broadcasting from the Warren AFB, Wyoming. KHNA received its license to cover from the FCC on May 4, 2009.
On January 7, 2013, the station changed its call sign from KHNA to KKAR.

</doc>
<doc id="19194134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194134" title="Southern Oregon Raiders football, 1937–38">
Southern Oregon Raiders football, 1937–38

Following are the results of the 1937–1938 Southern Oregon Raiders football teams. The Southern Oregon University Raiders football team is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics and is not associated with any conference. The team plays its home games at Raider Stadium, in Ashland, OR.
Southern Oregon's first football team was fielded in 1927. In 1939, the school, which was from then to be called the Southern Oregon College of Education, stopped fielding a football team. The team would not return until the 1945 season.
1937.
</table>
1938.
</table>
† Homecoming

</doc>
<doc id="19194141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194141" title="Dixon House">
Dixon House

Dixon House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19194153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194153" title="Dixon House (Poughkeepsie, New York)">
Dixon House (Poughkeepsie, New York)

Dixon House in Poughkeepsie, New York is a house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19194154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194154" title="Peopleton">
Peopleton

Peopleton is a village and civil parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire, England. In 2001 the parish had a population of 640, with 245 households.
Location.
Peopleton is located about south east of Worcester and north of Pershore. The parish is bounded by Bow Brook to the west, Piddle Brook to the east and the A44 to the south.
The parish is bounded by the parishes of White Ladies Aston, Upton Snodsbury, Naunton Beauchamp, Throckmorton, Pinvin, Drakes Broughton & Wadborough and Stoulton.
Peopleton is in the Upton Snodsbury electoral ward.
Amenities.
The village church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas in the Anglican Diocese of Worcester. It dates from the 13th century with modifications in the 14th and 19th centuries.
Opposite the church in the centre of the village lies the Crown Inn public house.
In December 2010 the long established village shop and post office became a community shop with a legal structure based on the Plunkett model rules. In February 2011 it was featured on an edition of the BBC Countryfile programme focusing on Worcestershire
. A tea room was opened during celebrations of the first anniversary of the community shop in December 2011.
The village hall & playing fields are on the northern edge of the village.
The village school was closed after the Second World War, and the building is now used as a private residence. The only school in the village is now Bowbrook House School, an independent day school, situated in a mansion at the south end of the village. This house was previously occupied by parish benefactor Caroline Baroness Norton, and later by the mother of Barbara Cartland; in the Second World War it was used by Morgan Crucible to accommodate European Voluntary Workers.
To the north of Peopleton the track to White Ladies Aston fords Bow Brook at Barrels Bridge.
After the extensive floods in 2007 when a quarter of the houses in Peopleton were flooded, Peopleton Parish Council raised money for a drainage system to reduce the effects of any future flooding.
Public transport.
A bus service operated by N.N. Cresswell links Peopleton to Upton Snodsbury, Pershore, and Drakes Broughton.
Pershore railway station is the closest passenger railway station.
History.
The name Peopleton was originally "Piplinogtune" meaning "Pyppel's farmstead (or estate)".
The Worcestershire map in John Speed's Theatre of the Empire of Great Britaine refers to Peopleton as
"Pippleton".

</doc>
<doc id="19194158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194158" title="Two and a Half Men (season 3)">
Two and a Half Men (season 3)

The third season of "Two and a Half Men" originally aired between September 2005 and May 2006.
Production.
The executive producer of the show for this season were the show's creators Chuck Lorre & Lee Arohnson. The shows production company is Chuck Lorre productions, The Tannenbaum Productions and Warner Brothers Television. The head writers for this season where Chuck Lorre and Lee Arohnson. Other writers in this season were: Susan Beavers, Eddie Gorodetsky, Don Foster, Mark Roberts, Jeff Abugov and Jim Patterson. Gary Hovalson, Assad Keleda, Rob Schiller, Lee Arohnson and James Widdoes were the directors for this season.
Awards and nominations.
This season of the series received seven Primetime Emmy Award nomiantions and received its first nomination for Outstanding Comedy Series, but lost to "The Office". Charlie Sheen received his first Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series, while Jon Cryer received his first Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. Martin Sheen received a nomination for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for playing Rose's father, Harvey. Charlie Sheen also received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy. The show also received a nomination for the Producers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy Series. Angus T. Jones won a Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy) - Supporting Actor.
List of episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19194236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194236" title="Manchester and Bolton Railway">
Manchester and Bolton Railway

The Manchester and Bolton Railway was a railway in the historic county of Lancashire, England, connecting Salford to Bolton. It was built by the proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway Company who had in 1831 converted from a canal company. The long railway was originally to have built upon most of the line of the canal, but it was eventually built alongside the Salford and Bolton arms of the canal. The Act of Parliament also allowed the construction of a connection to Bury, but technical constraints meant that it was never built. 
The railway required significant earthworks, including a tunnel. The railway termini were at Salford Central railway station and Trinity Street station in Bolton. The railway was opened in 1838 to passenger and freight services. In 1841 it was extended to Preston, and in 1844 to Victoria Station in Manchester. It amalgamated with the Manchester and Leeds Railway in 1846.
The railway is in use today as part of the Manchester to Preston Line, although some of the original stations are no longer in use.
History.
Background.
In the 1820s a number of proposals for a railway between Manchester and Bolton were made, some well advanced enough to be submitted to Parliament. One, in 1825, was for a line from New Bailey in Salford, to Park Field in Bolton, and included a branch line to the Mersey and Irwell Navigation. The plan included the use of an inclined plane at Clifton to allow the railway to access the higher ground from thereon. Another scheme was to connect with the planned Liverpool and Manchester Railway near Eccles, and would reach Bolton via Moorside and Farnworth. Neither of these schemes progressed beyond the early stages of planning. In 1830 two more proposals to connect the towns were made. The Manchester to Preston Railway was unsuccessful, leaving open the way for the second scheme, which would become known as the Manchester and Bolton Railway.
Manchester, Bolton & Bury Canal Company.
In 1830 the Manchester, Bolton & Bury Canal Company, led by chairman John Tobin, began to promote the construction of a railway along the line of their canal, from Salford to Bolton and Bury. Alexander Nimmo was employed to assess the proposal, and reported that it was possible "so far as he expressed himself capable of judging from his present cursory view of the canal". The shareholders then sought a bill for a railway from Bolton to Manchester and on 23 August 1831 obtained an Act of Parliament to become the "Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway Company". The act authorised the abandonment of the canal between the Irwell basin and Prestolee, and empowered the company to build a line from Manchester to Bolton and Bury, "upon or near the line of ... the Canal". Two branch lines were also authorised, one from Clifton Aqueduct through to Great Lever, and the other from Giants Seat through to Radcliffe and Bury. Due mainly to the objections of local mine owners who would have lost access to the canal and therefore their supply route, and who also would not have had branch railways built for them, the company agreed to an amending bill which would keep the canal and allow the new railway to be constructed alongside it. In 1832 the company obtained an Act that allowed it to build the railway along the new alignment. The Act also allowed for an extension of the railway to New Bailey Street in Salford, and from Church Wharf (the terminus of the canal at Bolton) to Bridge Street. Smaller branches in Bolton and Salford were also allowed.
Construction of the railway started in 1833, from Salford. The company attempted to alter the route of the Bury branch, and also to extend it to Rawtenstall, but they did not receive Parliamentary approval for this. In July 1834 the committee of management applied to Parliament for "an act to amend the line of the railway between Manchester and Bolton". The amendment would take the railway along much the same course as that proposed by the Manchester to Preston Railway and was authorised by Parliament in 1835. Work proceeded so slowly that further clauses were added to the proposed act, including a continuation of the railway from Bolton, to Liverpool. Although this continuation was never built, the Liverpool and Bury Railway built such a connection in 1848. A line from Clifton to Bolton, authorised in 1835, did not materialise. The connection to Bury was never built, due mainly to the objections of the company's engineer, Jesse Hartley. The Bury branch would have required a tunnel on a gradient of 1 in 100, at the time a difficult and expensive proposition.
Initially there were to have been three tracks, one for goods and another two for passengers, but only two were built. Work proceeded at a slow pace, in a piecemeal fashion, with contracts awarded for portions of the work as occasion demanded. Advertisements in the "Bolton Chronicle" appealed to Quarrymen for quantities of stone blocks to support the rails, and for excavators to construct parts of a proposed addition to the embankment from Agecroft towards Clifton Hall. Another advertisement in November that year advertised for tenders for contracts for the construction of bridges, viaducts, culverts and other structures to finish the line from Irwell Street in Salford, to Bolton. A difficult section of the railway was at Farnworth, where a tunnel was required to cut through the hillside. A double-bore tunnel long was built between 1835 and 1838, driven from both sides, with a large vertical shaft in the centre. This was later joined by a narrower single-bore tunnel, through which the down line was routed. Traffic along the upline was routed through the original tunnel.
Four acts of parliament were required to raise the necessary funds, and the line opened on 28 May 1838. From a report of the Directors on 9 January 1839, the railway had carried 228,799 passengers since its inception. In 1841 the company had 10 locomotive engines.
A branch line was also "to join and communicate with the ... Bolton and Leigh Railway", at a junction near the Daubhill Stationary Engine, this line was however, not built. The company later shared their railway, including their station at Salford, with the Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway Company (MB&RRC) and both worked together to construct a junction at Clifton Junction railway station. In 1846 the company was taken over by the Manchester and Leeds Railway, which itself became the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway the following year. In 1922 it amalgamated into the London and North Western Railway, and in 1923 this company amalgamated into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. This company was nationalised in 1948 under the Transport Act 1947, and became part of British Railways.
Route.
The original terminus was at Salford Central railway station on New Bailey Street in Salford. Passing through Pendleton, Dixon Fold, Stoneclough and Farnworth the line ended at Bolton railway station. In 1841 the line was extended to Preston by the Bolton and Preston Railway. The route northwards to Blackburn followed four years later, whilst the Liverpool and Bury Railway's arrival in 1848 gave Bolton links eastward to Bury and Rochdale and westwards to Wigan and Liverpool. From Salford, the line was extended via several bridges and across Chapel Street, to Victoria Station in 1844. These lines had all become part of the expanding Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway system by 1858.
Design.
The rails were of broad-based parallel form and weighed per . Gauge was . These rails were later replaced with 68 pound per yard (34 kg/m) rails when the former were discovered to be insufficient to carry the weight of the trains using them. Significant earthworks were required along the route, and the tunnel at Farnworth was constructed in favour of a cutting. The tunnels were built through clay, and lined entirely with brick or masonry. Turntables were placed at each terminus.
Thirty three bridges were constructed, along with stone drainage facilities to keep water from the cuttings. The railway company was forced to change the design of some of these bridges, as insufficient room was given for the locomotives and carriages on the track to pass between the bridge supports, which were only wide. With only of space between some vehicles and the bridge supports, a report by the Inspector of Railways on 11 December 1846 concluded that they were dangerous. On 19 November 1842 a guard named William Parker was killed on the railway, his skull found fractured, and on 26 July 1844 a guard named James Cook was killed as he leant out and was struck by a support. It was also reported that the distance between rails at these bridges was only , whereas the normal distance was .
Locomotive types and coaches.
The company purchased four Bury Type locomotives from Bury, Curtis, and Kennedy, two from George Forrester and Company, and two from William Fairbairn & Sons. Two further Bury 2-2-0s were acquired by the railway in 1844/5. Coaches were first and second class; each first class carriage held 18 passengers, and each second class carriage held 32 passengers. Third class carriages were introduced on 11 June 1838 but discontinued on 1 December 1838 after the company found that many passengers were vacating first and second class, for the cheaper third class. The company had 15 first class carriages, and 22 second class carriages.
Fares and services.
Initially, first class passenger fares were two shillings and six pence (2s 6d) for the entire ten mile journey, or 3d per mile. This is the equivalent of at least £10 in 2011 values. Second class was 2s, or 2.40d per mile. On 11 June 1838, a new pricing structure was introduced, with first class costing 2s, second class 1s 6d, and third class 1s. Passenger tickets were taken in transit.
Freight was charged at a maximum rate of 4.02d, and a minimum of 3d per ton per mile respectively.
The first train to use the new line was pulled by the "Victoria". It left Manchester at 8:00 am, and arrived in Bolton 26 minutes 30 seconds later. The second train was pulled by the "Fairfield". The trains originally ran on the right hand set of rails, an unusual practice in England, however the railway later changed to left-hand running with the connection of the MB&RRC at Clifton. Ten trains ran in each direction per weekday, and two on Sundays. The journey from Salford to Bolton took about 35 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19194237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194237" title="Cabin Lake Guard Station">
Cabin Lake Guard Station

The Cabin Lake Guard Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of six simple rustic buildings located in the Deschutes National Forest in central Oregon. It was originally built as a district ranger station for the Fort Rock Ranger District. It was later converted to a summer guard station. The guard station is now closed, but the adjacent campground is open. While still very remote, it is a popular location for bird watching and nature photography. The Cabin Lake Guard Station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
In the 1920s and 1930s, forest road networks were not well developed. To facilitate work in National Forests, the Forest Service built district ranger stations at strategic locations within the forest to house full-time employees and provide logistics support to fire patrols and project crews working at remote forest sites. After World War II, the Forest Service greatly expanded its road network, allowing employees to get to most forest areas within a few hours. As a result, many of the more isolated ranger stations were closed or converted to summer guard station.
The Cabin Lake Guard Station is located in the Deschutes National Forest forty miles southeast of Bend, Oregon. It was originally built as a district ranger station, and served as the headquarters for the Fort Rock Ranger District from 1921 until 1945. Throughout most of that time, there were five full-time rangers living and working at the site. 
From 1934 to 1938, a Civilian Conservation Corps camp was located adjacent to the ranger station. The existing guard station buildings were constructed by Civilian Conservation Corps work crews during that time. The Civilian Conservation Corps built a total of seven buildings for the ranger station compound including ranger residences, a warehouse, maintenance shop, and a gas station. Six of the seven structures remain today. The seventh building was moved to another guard station after the ranger station was closed.
In 1945, the district headquarters was moved to Bend, and the ranger station was converted to a guard station. It was used as a bunkhouse and supply station for Forest Service fire crews that patrolled the surrounding forest during summer fire season. The Forest Service closed the guard station in 2002. Today, the guard station site is unoccupied. However, Forest Service archaeologists are working with volunteers to renovate the guard station facilities. Once the buildings are restored, the Forest Service may open two of the ranger residences for use as recreation rental cabins.
Because of the rustic architecture of the remaining six buildings and the site's unique historic value as an early Forest Service ranger station, the Cabin Lake Guard Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Structures.
The Cabin Lake Guard Station is located in a very remote area of the Deschutes National Forest near the forest's boundary with high desert public lands managed by the Bureau of Land Management’s Lakeview District. The guard station is made up of six main buildings and several minor structures surrounded by relatively open forest land. The elevation at the site is 4,510 feet. The forest around the guard station is Ponderosa pine and western juniper with sagebrush, antelope bitterbrush, Idaho fescue, and bluebunch wheatgrass as the primary ground cover "(picture)".
The guard station buildings are wood-frame structures with concrete foundations. The exteriors are covered with weatherboard. Wooden shingles are used for roofing. All the buildings except one are painted light green with dark brown trim "(picture)" so they blend into the surrounding forest landscape. One residence is painted a cream color with brown trim "(picture)". The interior rooms of the ranger residences have pine paneling with a brick fireplace in the living room. Several of the residences still have simple furnishings, including wooden chairs and tables "(picture)". In addition to the ranger residences, there is a warehouse "(picture)", maintenance shop "(picture)", gas station, and several other minor structures that make up the guard station compound.
There is a Forest Service campground next to the historic guard station. The campground has 14 primitive camp sites. However, there is no water or toilet facilities available at the site. The dirt road leading the guard station can be rough. Two-wheel-drive vehicles can usually make the trip from April through November. A four-wheel-drive vehicle is recommended the rest of the year.
Bird watching.
Because Cabin Lake Guard Station is located on the border between the eastern Cascade pine forests and the high desert eco-systems, the guzzler’s water attracts an unusually wide range of birds typical of both environments. Among the birds common to the site are Lewis's Woodpecker, White-headed Woodpecker, Hairy Woodpecker, Northern Flicker, Gray Flycatcher, Loggerhead Shrike, Clark's Nutcracker, Morning Dove, Pygmy Nuthatch, Steller's Jay, Pinyon Jay, Gray Jay, Common Poorwill, Green-tailed Towhee, Mountain Chickadee, Brewer's Sparrow, Chipping Sparrow, White-crowned Sparrow, Cassin's Finch, Red Crossbill, Mountain Bluebird, Western Bluebird, Yellow-rumped Warbler, and Townsend's Solitaire. Many bird photographs used in Wikipedia articles were taken at the Cabin Lake viewing blind.
Thirsty mammals also use the guzzlers. During the day, the most common wildlife seen from the blinds are Least Chipmunk, Yellow-pine Chipmunk, Golden-mantled Ground Squirrel, and American Badger. In evening, mule deer, bushy-tailed woodrats, deer mice, and several species of bats coming to drink at the guzzlers.

</doc>
<doc id="19194246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194246" title="Andrew Stark">
Andrew Stark

Andrew Stark (born 1964-) is an Australian candid and urban street photographer mainly photographing in Sydney since the early 1980s. 
Life.
Stark was educated at Newington College (1976-1981). He says he was inspired initially by Henri Cartier-Bresson, Robert Frank, William Klein. In his style he likes "ambiguity, vulnerability and a slight melancholy hue". Similar to Cartier-Bresson, he shoots in black and white on his Konica TC with 28 or 40mm lens only for his candid photography. 
The photographer lives in his city of origin, Sydney, Australia.
Professional exhibits and books.
In 2003, his first book entitled "Snaps from Sydney" was published. A second photo book "Candidly Inclined" was released 2005. In late 2006 an exhibition of his work, "Starkers", was held at the Museum of Sydney. Throughout 2007, Stark documented the Sutherland Shire district, known for the 2005 Cronulla race riots, and the resulting exhibit "Down South" was commissioned and shown at the Hazelhurst Gallery, Sydney during late 2008. A third book of the author 'Escaping Into Life - a psycho study of the contemporary street photographer" was published 2010. It contains an exploration of the contemporary street photography.
A review in "Black+White" magazine stated, "Andrew Stark's idiomatic and wryly observed urban photographs of Sydney, Australia, represent a vital continuation of documentary street photography, reflecting similar social concerns and the same aesthetic irony as Robert Frank, William Klein and Garry Winogrand."

</doc>
<doc id="19194266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194266" title="Reynolds House">
Reynolds House

Reynolds House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19194269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194269" title="Anti-prostitution pledge">
Anti-prostitution pledge

The U.S. federal government requires non-governmental organizations (NGOs) that receive federal anti-HIV/AIDS or anti-trafficking funds to adopt an organization-wide policy opposing prostitution and sex-trafficking. This requirement, known as the anti-prostitution pledge, has been in place since 2003. Initially it was only applied to foreign-based NGOs, but in 2005 the administration began to apply it to U.S.-based organizations as well, resulting in legal challenges on First Amendment grounds. These challenges were ultimately successful before the Supreme Court, with the 2013 decision in the case Agency for International Development v. Alliance for Open Society International. The policy has also been criticized as counterproductive, as it hampers enlisting those involved in the sex trade in the fight against AIDS.
Legislation and implementation.
U.S. President George W. Bush announced the five-year $15 billion President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief in January 2003; Congress passed it in May 2003 under the name "United States Leadership against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act (Global AIDS Act)". The act identifies prostitution and sex trafficking as contributing to the spread of HIV and explicitly advances a new U.S. policy goal: the eradication of prostitution.
The act further states:
In December 2003 Congress passed the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act which provided for funding of anti-trafficking activities, subject to the following restrictions.
The anti-prostitution pledge language in both acts was authored by Representative Chris Smith, Republican from New Jersey.
The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2004 amended the AIDS Authorization to exempt the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, the World Health Organization, the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative and any United Nations agency from having to sign the anti-prostitution pledge.
While the language of the legislation does not distinguish between foreign and US-based organizations, the pledge was initially only enforced for the former, as the US Department of Justice had expressed First Amendment concerns. In September 2004 a letter by Assistant Attorney General Daniel Levin reversed this opinion, and the U.S. Agency for International Development issued a directive in June 2005 that expanded the pledge requirement to all NGOs.
A document issued by the CDC in May 2005 sought to extend the pledge requirement to the large group of organizations that receive funding through the multilateral Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (to which the U.S. contributes). This was quickly overturned by US Director of Foreign Assistance Randall L. Tobias.
Rationale and reactions.
In a February 2002 National Security Presidential Directive, President George W. Bush wrote: "The United States opposes prostitution and any related activities, including pimping, pandering, and/or maintaining
brothels as contributing to the phenomenon
of trafficking in persons. These activities are inherently harmful and dehumanizing. The United States Government’s position is that these activities should not be regulated as a legitimate form of work for any human being."
In February 2005, a group of non-profit organizations including CARE, the International Rescue Committee, Save the Children and the International Center for Research on Women protested the anti-prostitution pledge policy in a letter to US Director of Foreign Assistance Randall L. Tobias. This was followed by a May 2005 protest letter to President Bush, signed by hundreds of organizations worldwide, stating that the pledge "makes it extremely difficult, if not impossible, to establish the trust necessary to provide services to these hard-to-reach groups" and it will "exacerbate stigma and discrimination against already marginalized groups."
This was countered in August 2005 by a letter to the President supporting the policy, signed by over 100 groups, including the Christian Medical Association, Concerned Women for America, Family Research Council, Focus on the Family, National Association of Evangelicals, Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, Sex Industry Survivors, The Medical Institute, The Salvation Army, World Hope International and World Relief. Supporters of the pledge requirement argue that prostitution is inherently harmful and needs to be abolished, reject harm reduction approaches, and hold that legalized prostitution increases demand for sex trafficking.
In May 2005, the Brazilian government turned down $40 million in anti-HIV/AIDS funding from the U.S. government because of the anti-prostitution pledge. Brazil's AIDS commissioner Pedro Chequer was quoted as saying "Sex workers are part of implementing our AIDS policy and deciding how to promote it. They are our partners. How could we ask prostitutes to take a position against themselves?" 
The anti-prostitution pledge has been criticized as counterproductive, because projects that work with and support prostitutes are often seen as instrumental in fighting the spread of HIV/AIDS. The Brazilian anti-AIDS program, which employs prostitutes to hand out information and free condoms, is considered by the United Nations to be the most successful in the developing world. The Sonagachi Project is a prostitutes' cooperative in Calcutta, India, that supports sex workers rights and works to stop the spread of HIV; it has received strong positive evaluations from both UNAIDS and the World Bank, and has been cited by UNAIDS as a "best-practice" model of working with prostitutes.
Ronald Weitzer has described the anti-prostitution pledge as a symptom of what he calls the "moral crusade" against sex trafficking, resulting in a broad attack against all forms of commercial sex acts.
The language of the policy juxtaposes the words "prostitution" and "sex trafficking"; it has been pointed out that it is important to cleanly distinguish between these two concepts
and that all relevant organizations already strongly oppose sex trafficking.
Randall L. Tobias, the U.S. administration's foreign aid chief who was responsible for implementation of the anti-prostitution pledge, resigned in April 2007 over allegations that he had used an escort service. Some sex worker organizations and commentators called the situation "ironic" and Tobias "hypocritical".
The 2012 final report of UNDP's Global Commission on HIV and the Law denounces the anti-prostitution pledge and includes the recommendation
Lawsuits.
In response to the 2005 decision to apply the policy also to U.S. based organizations, two lawsuits were filed, alleging that the policy compels or prohibits speech in violation of the First Amendment, and also prohibits actions that are exclusively privately funded.
In the first case ("DKT v. USAID"), the non-profit DKT International prevailed in District Court but lost on appeal, at the US Court of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit. The February 2007 appeals court ruling was based on the assumption that the government would allow speech regarding prostitution as long as it is done through an affiliate that doesn't receive federal funding.
The second case ("AOSI v. USAID") involves the plaintiffs Alliance for Open Society International, its affiliate the Open Society Institute, and Pathfinder International. In May 2006, a District Court in New York issued a preliminary injunction, preventing the government from requiring these organizations to sign the anti-prostitution pledge. The government appealed this injunction to the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. During the oral arguments in the case, the government stated that it would allow legally and physically separate affiliates to engage in the prohibited speech. The government issued guidelines to this effect in July 2007. In November 2007, the Appeals Court rebuffed the government and let the preliminary injunction stand, returning the case to the District Court. Global Health Council and InterAction joined the case, and the District Court extended the injunction to all US-based members of these organizations in August 2008. The Appeals Court, in a 2-1 decision in July 2011, affirmed the injunction and held that the anti-prostitution policy requirement "likely violates the First Amendment."
In September 2012, the Brennan Center for Justice obtained a ruling forcing the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel to hand over the original February 2004 memorandum which had argued that the pledge, as applied to U.S. based organizations, was unconstitutional.
In a 6-2 decision, the Supreme Court ruled in 2013 that the anti-prostitution pledge violated the First Amendment: the government may not leverage funding to regulate grant recipient's speech outside of the funded program.

</doc>
<doc id="19194270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194270" title="Paul Zammit (footballer)">
Paul Zammit (footballer)

Paul Zammit (born 21 August 1969) is a former Maltese footballer. During his career he played as a striker.
Playing career.
He played from 1990 to 2003, for Rabat Ajax, Hibernians, Ħamrun Spartans and Mosta.
Managerial career.
At the end of 2003 he retired as a player and became coach of Mosta. In 2005 he moved to Valletta.
In 2008 he won the Maltese Coach of the Season award for coaching Valletta to victory in the Maltese Premier League. Valletta competed in the Champions League in July 2008 and were eliminated by Artmedia Petrzalka. Zammit's disciplined preparation for the two games meant the team were competitive.
In September 2008 he signed a two year contract to continue coaching the club.
For the 2009–10 season Paul Zammit became the manager of Birkirkara. He managed to build up a squad with a great team work and on the 30th April 2010, his side beat Tarxien Rainbows and won the Maltese Premier League title with a game to play. At the end of the 2010-11 season, he was not offered a new contract by the Birkirkara committee. On 2 October 2011, Zammit was re-appointed as the club's head coach for the next two seasons.
Honours.
Valletta.
Winner
Birkirkara.
Winner

</doc>
<doc id="19194340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194340" title="Martin Gethin">
Martin Gethin

Martin Gethin is an English boxer who competes in the Lightweight division. He is the brother of Darren Gethin and Steve Gethin who are also professional boxers. In Sept 2008 he defeated the unbeaten prospect John Fewkes at the Harvey Hadden Leisure Center in Nottingham to become the English Lightweight champion although lost the title in his first defence, he regained the title in January 2010.
Early pro career.
Gethin made his debut in November 2004 beating journeyman Kristian Laight stopping him in the 4th round. In his 10th fight he fought for the vacant Midlands Area Lightweight title beating Craig Johnson on points over 10 rounds. An exciting fighter he received a great opportunity just two fights later to fight in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand. He beat the Mexican Fabian Luque a fighter with a record of 21-5 and stopped him in the 4th round in what was his best win to date. On returning to the UK Gethin treaded water beating Carl Allen and Ali Wyatt until the opportunity arose for him to fight the unbeaten Nadeem Siddique. He won the fight in a potential fight of the year and set himself up for a shot at the English title.
English Champion and challenger.
In September 2008 Gethin fought touted prospect John Fewkes for the vacant English Lightweight title and forced the referee to wave it off in the 4th round. Fewkes came into the contest with a 17-0 record and with wins over Scott Haywood and Craig Watson on his record but had only fought once in the year and was also having problems making the weight. As it transpired he failed to make the weight for the contest meaning that even if he won he would not have lifted the title. Gethin took full advantage and dominated from the 3rd round securing a big upset win. Gethin's first defence ended in disappointment however when he was defeated by Stoke's Scott Lawton at Nottingham's Trent FM Arena on 6 December 2008. In March 2009 Gethin tried to shake off the disappointment of defeat by taking part in an eliminator for the British title, this time meeting Liverpool's John Watson at the city's Echo Arena. He was to lose for the second time despite putting his opponent down in the last round he'd left it too late and lost on points.
Gethin suffered his third defeat in a row when on 18 May 2009 he lost to journeyman Chris Long at the Holiday Inn in Birmingham, losing on points after being put down by Long in the last round. A victory the following month against another journeyman boxer, Jason Nesbitt, put Gethin back on winning ways before on 15 January 2010 he got the opportunity to once more fight for the English title. The fight, at the leisure centre in Altrincham, resulted in a 10 round points victory over challenger Graeme Higginson to become a two time holder of the title.

</doc>
<doc id="19194341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194341" title="Would You Believe (TV series)">
Would You Believe (TV series)

Would You Believe is an Irish religious television series broadcast on RTÉ One. It currently airs on Sunday nights at 22:40. A new series of 12 films began airing on 21 September 2008.
Archive.
2009 - 2010.
"Fair City" actor Tommy O'Neill discussed his life on 14 March 2010 episode.

</doc>
<doc id="19194346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194346" title="Southern Oregon Raiders football, 2006–08">
Southern Oregon Raiders football, 2006–08

2006.
</table>
+ Win Forfeited
† Homecoming
2007.
</table>
† Homecoming
2008.
Previous Season.
The Raiders experienced their first winning season since head coach Jeff Olson resigned to become the defensive coordinator at nearby North Medford High School.
Pre-season.
June 3 - 12 players from the upcoming 2008 Raiders' team were named to the NAIA All-Independent Pre-season football team. Six of which were named to the first team: Darryl Price, Brian Harding, Jordan Meyers, Anthony Scolamieri, Danson Cappo and Steve Palmer. The players named to the second team were Bryan Lee-Lauduski, Trent Henson, Will Watson, Ben Baker, Damario Watson and Corey O’Neil. A total of ten teams comprise the All-Independent team: Southern Oregon University, Azusa Pacific University, Southern Virginia University, Edward Waters College, Webber International University, Waldorf College, Southwestern Assemblies of God University, Haskell Indian Nations University, Peru State College and Kentucky Christian University.
During the Season.
September 2 - Two Southern Oregon players, QB Brian Lee-Lauduski and SS Jason Young, chosen as the offensive and defensive players of the week for their performances against Montana Tech.
September 8 - Senior Defensive End Anthony Scolamieri was chosen as the NAIA Independent Defensive Player of the Week for his performance against Humboldt State.
September 15 - Senior Punter Steve Palmer was named the NAIA Independent Special Teams Player of the Week for his performance against Sacramento State. Palmer had an 81-yard punt which ranks as the second longest is school history.
September 23 - Senior RB Marlon Rosales was chosen as the NAIA Independent Offensive Player of the Week for his performance against Willamette.
Schedule.
Southern Oregon University official schedule
Statistics.
Team.
Scores by quarter
Offense.
Rushing
Passing
Receiving

</doc>
<doc id="19194351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194351" title="Schwarzhorn">
Schwarzhorn

Schwarzhorn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19194386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194386" title="Equestrian at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Equestrian at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Equestrian at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of nine events. All events were mixed, meaning that men and women competed together.
Medal table.
The following countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19194389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194389" title="Décio Pignatari">
Décio Pignatari

Décio Pignatari (August 20, 1927 – December 2, 2012) was a Brazilian poet, essayist and translator.
Born in Jundiaí in 1927, Pignatari began conducting experiments with poetic language, incorporating visuals elements and the fragmentation of words in the 1950s. Such verbal adventures culminated in concretism, aesthetic movement that he co-founded with Augusto and Haroldo de Campos, with whom he edited the journals "Noigandres" and "Invention" and published the "Theory of Concret Poetry" (1965).
As a theorist of communication and semiotics, Pignatari translated works of Marshall McLuhan and published the essay "Information, Language and Communication" (1968). His poetic work can also be read in "Poesia Pois é Poesia" ("Poetry because it's Poetry") (1977). 
Pignatari published translations of Dante Alighieri, Goethe and Shakespeare, among others, gathered in "Portrait of Love when Young" (1990) and "231 poems". He also published a volume of stories "The Face of Memory" (1988) and the novel "Panteros" (1992), as well as a work for theater, "Céu de Lona" ("Sailcloth Sky").
He died in São Paulo of a respiratory illness on December 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19194398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194398" title="George Gruhn">
George Gruhn

George Gruhn is a writer and businessman. He is an expert on vintage American guitars and related instruments. He opened Gruhn Guitars in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1970 and has sold guitars to musicians such as Eric Clapton, Lyle Lovett, Emmylou Harris, Billy Gibbons, Rick Nielsen, Vince Gill, John Hiatt, and Hank Williams, Jr. "Vintage Guitar" magazine described his store as a "landmark," and a mecca "for fans of collectible electric and acoustic guitars." He is also the author of several books on the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="19194411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194411" title="Italia Guitars">
Italia Guitars

Italia Guitars is a manufacturer of retro-styled electric guitars. The company was founded in 1998 with a line of guitars designed in England by luthier Trevor Wilkinson and manufactured in South Korea.
Description.
Most guitars are based on other guitars manufactured in the 1950s and 1960s. For example, the basic shape of the Maranello is based on a Swedish Hagström of the late 1950s. The Modena is based on an Italian Crucianelli from the early 1960s. The guitars have been used by many musicians, most notably Chris Rea who discovered them after recovering from pancreatitis and deciding to embrace blues. A chance trip to a local music store led him to discover Italia guitars. He found they so perfectly suited him that he bought four for recording and touring, saying "I've played the best guitar of my life on that guitar."
Popular culture.
An Italia Mondial Classic guitar is featured prominently in the 2005 Japanese movie "Linda Linda Linda" performed by Yuu Kashii as Kei Tachibana. An Italia Mondial II "Woody" guitar was also played by Haruhi Suzumiya in the 2006 anime series "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya".

</doc>
<doc id="19194430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194430" title="2008–09 Villanova Wildcats men's basketball team">
2008–09 Villanova Wildcats men's basketball team

The Villanova Wildcats had a 30–8 (13–5) record in the 2009 season. Their season resulted in a trip to the Final Four, with their last second win over the Pittsburgh Panthers in the Elite 8.For the 2008–09 season, Villanova returned all but one from their entire roster that made it to the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. That squad with no seniors, lost 6 of 7 games during a 3-week span in the middle of the season, but came back to make the NCAA tournament.
The 2008–09 schedule includes playing Texas in the Jimmy V. Classic, 18 Big East contests, competing in the Philly Hoops Group Classic (against Niagara, Monmouth, Townson and either Penn State or Rhode Island), and games against a trip to Albany, Fordham, Houston Baptist, & Navy.
On December 1, 2008, Cassiem Drummond announced his intention to transfer out of the Villanova basketball team.
Season.
Before the season began, on October 22, 2008, the Wildcats were selected to finish 5th among the 16 Big East Conference teams in the annual Preseason Coaches Poll at Madison Square Garden. Nova returned all five starters from a 22–13 squad that reached the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. As part of recent tradition, the 2008 Hoopsmania (an on-campus kickoff of the Villanova Basketball season), included a performance by hip-hop artist T-Pain. Previous artists have included 50 Cent, Tony Yayo and MIMS.
The Villanova-Pitt game on January 28, 2009 was the last game to be held at the Wachovia Spectrum which drew a crowd of 17,449.
The Wildcats finished perfect this year at the Pavilion. Villanova's 25 regular-season wins tied a school record. It had been done three times before, but not since 1950–51.
During the 2009 Big East Awards Ceremony, head coach Jay Wright was named the 2009 Big East Coach of the Year. He has won the award twice during the past 4 years. Villanova senior forward Dante Cunningham was named the Big East's Most Improved Player, and sophomore guard Corey Fisher won the Sixth Man Award. All-Big East. Cunningham, a senior forward, won second-team honors on the all-Big East team, while junior guard Scottie Reynolds took honorable mention.
2009 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament.
The 2009 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, will take place in March 2009 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. This is the first Big East tournament to include all 16 of the conference's teams. Villanova was able to clinch the 4th spot in the Big East, thus earning the double-bye to the quarterfinals in the tournament.
Rankings.
Villanova's rank in the major college polls:
Coaching staff.
Jay Wright – Head Coach
Patrick Chambers – Associate Head Coach
Doug West – Assistant Coach
Jason Donnelly – Assistant Coach

</doc>
<doc id="19194431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194431" title="J.D. Trout">
J.D. Trout

J.D. Trout (born 1959) is an American philosopher of science, cognitive scientist, lecturer and nonfiction author. His most recent book, "The Empathy Gap", makes the case that a fair and humane democracy in modern times must turn to psychological science to forge policies that correct for people’s natural imperfections. Since 1992 he has worked as a professor of philosophy at Loyola University Chicago, where he holds appointments in the philosophy department and the Parmly Sensory Sciences Institute. His research centers on the nature of scientific progress, and its influence on human understanding and well-being.
Biography.
Trout was born in Cleveland to a mother of Sicilian and Irish heritage, a member of the WAVES in the U.S. Navy. He attended public schools in the Cleveland and the greater Philadelphia area, where he learned to box, drove a Class 2 vehicle, and flirted with a career in opera. He received his bachelor's degree in philosophy and history at Bucknell University in 1982 and his doctorate in philosophy at Cornell University in 1988. He now lives in Evanston, Illinois, with his wife and two children.
Awards and honors.
Trout was a National Science Foundation Predoctoral Fellow and a Sage Graduate Fellow at Cornell University. In 1988-89, Trout was a Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow at Bryn Mawr College, and a Choice Award winner for his 1998 book "Measuring the Intentional World". He was a visiting professor at the University of Innsbruck in 1999. In 2005, he was a visiting professor of philosophy at the University of Chicago and a Visiting Scholar at the Graduate School of Business.
Works.
Trout authored a number of experimental and theoretical articles on speech perception, after having begun a parallel career in spoken language processing in his twenties. His work on philosophical and psychological topics often combine linguistics, biology, economics, history and public policy. "Measuring the Intentional World: Realism, Naturalism, and Quantitative Methods in the Behavioral Sciences" contends that perceptual psychology and cognitive psychology, so often marginalized as unworthy of the name “science,” are emerging as mature fields, and deserve the kind of intellectual weight accorded physics and chemistry. This elevated status was then recruited to support a new version of scientific realism, called measured realism. In 2005 Trout, together with Michael Bishop, published "Epistemology and the Psychology of Human Judgment". The book argues that the theory of knowledge, as practiced in the English-speaking world, has become a parochial and scholastic exercise, and should be replaced with ameliorative psychology – an area of psychology devoted to evaluating and improving decision-making. "The Empathy Gap: Building Bridges from the Good Life to the Good Society", recruits scientific research on empathy, free will, and decision-making to explain how decent people can ignore indecent degrees of inequality and suffering, and constructs a concrete and realistic vision of policies that improve human well-being.
Selected publications.
Books.
1991. R. Boyd, P. Gasper, and J.D. Trout. Eds. "The Philosophy of Science". Bradford Books/The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. ISBN 0-262-52156-3.
1995. P. Moser and J.D. Trout. Eds. "Contemporary Materialism: A Reader". Routledge, London and New York. ISBN 0-415-10864-0.
1998. J.D. Trout. "Measuring the Intentional World: Realism, Naturalism, and Quantitative Methods in the Behavioral Sciences". Oxford, New York. Paperback 2003. ISBN 0-19-516659-0. 
1998. P. Moser, D. Mulder, and J.D. Trout. "The Theory of Knowledge: A Thematic Introduction". Oxford, New York. ISBN 0-19-509466-2.
2005. Michael A. Bishop and J.D. Trout. "Epistemology and the Psychology of Human Judgment". New York: Oxford University Press; third printing in 2006. ISBN 0-19-516230-7.
2009. J.D. Trout. "The Empathy Gap: Building Bridges to the Good Life and the Good Society". Viking/Penguin, New York, February 2009. ISBN 0-670-02044-3.
Articles.
1990. Auditory and Visual Influences on Phonemic Restoration. "Language and Speech", 33, 121-135 (with William Poser as second author).
1992. Theory-Conjunction and Mercenary Reliance. "Philosophy of Science", 59, 231-245. 
1994. A Realistic Look Backward. "Studies in History and Philosophy of Science", 25 (1), 37-64.
2001. Metaphysics, Method and the Mouth: Philosophical Lessons of Speech Perception. "Philosophical Psychology", 14, (3), 261-291.
2001. The Biological Basis of Speech: What to Infer from Talking to the Animals. "Psychological Review", 108, (3), 523-549. 
2002. 50 Years of Successful Predictive Modeling Should be Enough: Lessons for the Philosophy of Science. "Philosophy of Science" 68 (Proceedings): S197-S208 (with Michael Bishop).
2002. Scientific Explanation and the Sense of Understanding. "Philosophy of Science" 69(2), 212-233. 
2003. Biological Specializations for Speech: What Can the Animals Tell Us? "Current Directions in Psychological Science", 12(5, October), 155-159. 
2005. Lexical Boosting of Noise-band Speech in Open- and Closed-set Formats. "Speech Communication" 47(4), 424-435.
2005. Paternalism and Cognitive Bias. "Law and Philosophy" 24(4, July), 393-434.
2005. The Pathologies of Standard Analytic Epistemology. "Noûs" 39 (4), 696-714 (with Michael Bishop).
2007. A Restriction Maybe, but is it Paternalism? Cognitive Bias and Choosing Governmental Decision Aids. "NYU Journal of Law & Liberty", 2(3), 455-469.
2007. The Psychology of Scientific Explanation, "Philosophy Compass", 2/3, 564-591.
2007. The Psychology of Discounting: A Policy of Balancing Biases. "Public Affairs Quarterly", 21(2), 201-220.
2008. Seduction Without Cause: Uncovering Explanatory Neurophilia. "Trends in Cognitive Sciences", 12, 281-282.
2008. Strategic Reliabilism: A Naturalistic Approach to Epistemology. Philosophy Compass, 3/5, 1049-1065.
External links.
J. D. Trout's Website [http://www.jdtrout.com]
Loyola University Chicago Faculty Website [http://www.luc.edu/philosophy/faculty_trout.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="19194496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194496" title="Football 7-a-side at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Football 7-a-side at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Football 7-a-side at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19194502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194502" title="Mill Street-North Clover Street Historic District">
Mill Street-North Clover Street Historic District

The Mill Street-North Clover Street Historic District is located along those streets and Main Street in western Poughkeepsie, New York, United States. It is an irregularly-shaped area of between US 9 and downtown Poughkeepsie, located on the slope up from the Hudson River. There are roughly 139 historic buildings, and very few new ones.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Like the Union Street Historic District to its south, the neighborhood remained virtually unchanged from the 19th century when it first began to grow and develop. It includes as contributing properties some listed on the Register in their own right, like the Vassar Institute, Vassar Home for Aged Men (both now home to a local arts center) and Church of the Holy Comforter, designed by Richard Upjohn.
At that time, Poughkeepsie was clearing and demolishing many old neighborhoods as part of its urban renewal programs. The historic districts were established to preserve what would not be demolished. Two areas of historic buildings adjacent to the district, on Main and North Bridge streets, were not included because they were meant to be razed as well. But those plans were canceled, and in 1987 the district's boundaries were increased by a few acres to include the still-extant blocks.
Geography.
In its current form the district is somewhat horseshoe-shaped, touching Main Street in two small areas on the south and connecting its two larger neighborhoods via Mill Street in the north. These boundaries were mostly established on the initial listing in 1972.
The underlying land slopes up gently from Route 9 to where the land levels off at the western edge of downtown Poughkeepsie. On the west, it takes in Church of the Holy Comforter and the houses on Davies Place just across from it and Wheaton Park to the north. All the property on North Clover, the next street to the west, is included except the west corner of the Main Street intersection on the south. The homes at 105-115 Main to the east were one of the 1987 additions.
In the north it narrows for a short distance to include just the property on the south side of Mill, then expands again to both sides of the street after the North Perry Street intersection, even including some of the Charles Street buildings to their north. Two blocks of North Bridge Street to the north are within the district, as well as some short adjacent sections of Charles and Mansion streets. South of the intersection is the other area added to the district later.
The eastern portion is bordered on the north by the south side of Mansion Street, turning south along the rear property lines of the west side of Washington Street to Mill Street again, then including that side of the street all the way to the rear lines of the north side of Main Street. The district boundary is at Main Street to include the Vassar Home for Aged Men building, where it crosses the street and follows the rear lines on the other side to the North Bridge Street properties. Almost all of Vassar Street, and all of Lafayette Street, are within the district.
Most of the district is residential, with a few churches and other institutional buildings. Many are of brick, often in the Second Empire style not commonly used with that material. There are some Federal and Greek Revival buildings, most notably the Second Baptist Church, Poughkeepsie's only remaining church in the latter style, scattered throughout.
The only commercial areas are along Main and the Mill-North Clover intersection. Wheaton Park is the district's major open space. Past demolitions have also left some lots vacant.
History.
In 1702, a Dutch settler, Baltus Van Kleeck, built the first house in what would later become Poughkeepsie. It was located on the path that would become Mill Street, near the intersection with the future Vassar Street. Mill Street was one of the first paths between the settlement of Poughkeepsie on the plateau and the river. As it developed into a more permanent street, the area grew. The coming of the Hudson River Railroad, which passed close to the neighborhood on the west, in the 1850s added to its prosperity. By mid-century it had become Poughkeepsie's downtown. All of its historic buildings were erected between 1840 and 1875.
One of its great benefactors was Matthew Vassar and his descendants. The family's property and residences gave their name to Vassar Street, where their main landholding was. In 1835 they tore down Van Kleeck's original house.
Their ownership of the land on which the Second Baptist Church was located led to it being called the "Vassar Temple" due to its colonnaded facade and use as a synagogue after the Civil War. His nephews built the eclectic brick Vassar Institute and Vassar Home for Aged Men on family land, now at Vassar and Main, to carry on the family's educational and charitable traditions, in the early 1880s.
The neighborhood remained mostly unchanged well into the 20th century, when it was spared from urban renewal by the work of local preservationists. The cancellation of many urban renewal plans led to the boundary increase in 1987.
Significant contributing properties.
Five buildings within the district were separately listed on the National Register just prior to the district itself. They include two churches, two institutional buildings and one house now used as an organization's headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="19194540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194540" title="Goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.

</doc>
<doc id="19194551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194551" title="Richibucto River">
Richibucto River

The Richibucto River is a river in eastern New Brunswick, Canada which empties into the Northumberland Strait north of Richibucto. It is 80 kilometres long.
The river's name means "river of fire" in the Mi'kmaq language.
Other villages situated along the river include Rexton and Elsipogtog First Nation. Andrew Bonar Law, the British Prime Minister, was raised along the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19194590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194590" title="Judo at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Judo at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Judo at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven men's events.
Medal table.
The following countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19194594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194594" title="NO Aurigae">
NO Aurigae

NO Aurigae is an S-type star in the constellation Auriga. It is a slow irregular pulsating variable star of small amplitude, ranging from mag. 6.1 to 6.3. 

</doc>
<doc id="19194638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194638" title="Virtual goods">
Virtual goods

Virtual goods are non-physical objects and money purchased for use in online communities or online games. Digital goods, on the other hand, may be a broader category including digital books, music, and movies. Virtual goods have no intrinsic value and are intangible by definition.
Including digital gifts and digital clothing for avatars, virtual goods may be classified as services instead of goods and are usually sold by companies that operate social networking services, community sites, or online games. Sales of virtual goods are sometimes referred to as microtransactions, and the games that utilize this model are usually referred to as freemium (free + premium) games.
A large majority of recent sales have been in Asia.
Virtual money.
Virtual money (or in-game currency) is used to purchase virtual goods within a variety of online communities, which include social networking websites, virtual worlds and online gaming sites.
A key revenue driver within social media, virtual currencies are specific within each game and are used to purchase in-game goods. Characters or avatars in virtual worlds own things within the context of the virtual world and users will collect each games' virtual currency to purchase land, supplies and various items used to enhance their status and add points. Some virtual currencies are time-based, relying upon measurement of in-game achievements in order to accrue exchangeable points.
History.
The first virtual goods to be sold were items for use in MUDs, early, text-only online games. This practice continued with the advent of MMORPGs. Players would sell virtual goods, such as swords, coins, potions, and avatars, to each other in the informal sector. While this practice is forbidden in most blockbuster online games, such as World of Warcraft, many online games now derive revenue from the sale of virtual goods.
When Iron Realms Entertainment began auctioning items to players of its MUD, Achaea, Dreams of Divine Lands, in 1998, it became the first company to profit from the sale of virtual goods. But it wasn't until the mid-2000s, with companies like the Korean Cyworld leading the way, that virtual good sales became instituted as a legitimate revenue-making scheme.
Virtual goods may continue to be a primarily Asian phenomenon, as between 2007-2010 70% of worldwide sales were made in this region.
Revenue.
In 2009, games played on social networks such as Facebook, games that primarily derive revenue from the sale of virtual goods, brought in 1 billion USD, and that is expected to increase to 1.6 billion in 2010. Worldwide, 7.3 billion USD was made from virtual goods that same year.
Estimates of the future market for these small items vary wildly depending upon who is making the prediction. 2013 sales will be 4 billion USD according to one analyst and a year later reach 14 billion according to a different analyst.
In 2010 a virtual space station in the game "Entropia Universe" sold for $330,000.
Research.
In online games, virtual goods could be lost due to some unexpected reasons. This brings problems for service providers as well as purchaser. Encryption techniques primarily used for other purposes may, here too, provide functionality. These may include access control, hashing, encryption, digital certificates, and fingerprinting.
Illicit sale.
While many companies have embraced exchanging cash for virtual goods, the practice is forbidden in most blockbuster games, which derive income from subscription fees. This doesn't deter all players from saving playing time by illicitly buying in-game currency with real-world cash–violating their agreement with the game's operator in the process.
In an odd juxtaposition, the Chinese State outlawed the practice of buying real-world goods with virtual currency in 2009, something that had become popular in some parts of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19194640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194640" title="Lawn bowls at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Lawn bowls at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Lawn bowls at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of eight events.
Medal table.
The following countries also competed:

</doc>
<doc id="19194676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194676" title="S-type star">
S-type star

A star with spectral type S is a late-type giant star (similar to class K5–M) whose spectrum displays bands from zirconium oxide, in addition to the titanium oxide bands characteristically exhibited by K and M class giant stars. Other s-process elements, for example yttrium oxide and technetium, are also enhanced, clearly indicating neutron capture elements in period 5 in the periodic system of chemical elements. An S star may also have spectrographic features from cyanogen and lithium. Most of these stars are long-period variables. The class was first defined by astronomer Paul W. Merrill in 1922.
It has been proposed that most S stars are an intermediate stage in which asymptotic giant stars (AGB stars) transform from ordinary M class giants to carbon stars of class C-N. AGB stars are usually powered by fusion in a shell of hydrogen surrounding an inert core, but during "thermal pulses" helium shell fusion can come to dominate. Other S stars ("extrinsic" S stars) may be evolved, cooler versions of barium stars, where the enhancements of carbon and s-process elements seen in the stars' spectra are relics of mass transfer between members of a binary star system. In these systems, the presently-observed S star has not synthesized the excess carbon and s-process elements itself; that material was produced at an earlier time by its binary companion, which was at the time a carbon star. We are observing these systems long after the mass transfer event, when the companion has evolved to become a white dwarf and is usually not directly visible.
S-type stars are generally redder than their K- or M-type counterparts of the same photospheric temperature. The mira variable Chi Cygni is (when near maximum light) the sky's brightest S-type star, with a variable late type spectrum about S7 to S10, with features of zirconium, titanium and vanadium oxides, sometimes bordering to the intermediary MS type. S Ursae Majoris is another example. BD Camelopardalis is an example of an "extrinsic" S star.

</doc>
<doc id="19194710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194710" title="LUGM-145">
LUGM-145

The LUGM-145 was an Iraqi produced naval moored contact mine. The mine had a 145 kilogram explosive warhead. In 1991, struck one of the mines, losing a third of its fuel, and sustaining damage that would cost 3.5 million US dollars to repair. 

</doc>
<doc id="19194722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194722" title="1979 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1979 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1979 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group C Touring Cars. It began at Symmons Plains and ended at Adelaide International Raceway after eight rounds. The title, which was the 20th Australian Touring Car Championship, was won by Bob Morris driving a Holden Torana.
Calendar.
The 1979 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over an eight round series.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1979 Australian Touring Car Championship.
Classes.
For championship points allocation purposes, cars competed in two displacement classes: 
Points system.
Championship points were awarded on a 9,6,4,3,2,1 basis to the first six placegetters in each class and on a 4,3,2,1 basis to the first four placegtters irrespetive of class (at each round). Only the best seven results counted towards the total (for each driver).

</doc>
<doc id="19194724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194724" title="Retinitis Pigmentosa International">
Retinitis Pigmentosa International

Retinitis Pigmentosa International (RPI or RP International) is an international, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that is committed to focusing world attention on eye problems. RP International promotes research, public awareness, education, and human services for victims of degenerative eye diseases.
Vision Awards and Eyes of Christmas.
RPI presents and organizes the Vision Awards annually from Hollywood, which raises funds for RP International and is dedicated to honoring individuals and companies who have illustrated exceptional "vision, foresight and insight" in the creative arts, related technologies and medical research. The event also highlights scientific landmarks in adult stem cell transplants, microchip implants and pharmaceuticals. In 2006, the Vision Awards took special note of adult stem cell research by honoring a patient who was able to regain sight thanks to the LSU technique after more than 20 years of blindness.
The "Eyes of Christmas" is a television program in which the blind and visually impaired people can "watch" holiday shows by hearing descriptive narrations of the shows. The program is aired on a variety of cable networks and independent television stations, and features celebrities presenting holiday music, memories and films over the 12 days leading up to Christmas.
TheatreVision.
TheatreVision is a program, created by RP International, that makes films accessible to the visually challenged. It allows incorporating a special soundtrack for feature films that runs concurrently with the dialogue of the picture. The track provides a "descriptive narration" of what is being shown on the screen, so that those without sight can still experience motion pictures. "Forrest Gump" was the first film to be completed in this format, making its TheatreVision debut before a visually challenged audience. These formatted films are being made available to the unsighted through select neighborhood theatres, as well as through libraries, charitable organizations, special screenings and schools for the blind.
Many TheatreVision presentations are audio described by celebrities, often who have a connection to the film. The Disney film Tarzan (1999 film) was described by actor Tony Goldwyn, who also performed the voice of the lead character in the film itself, and Samuel L. Jackson performed the description for "". TheatreVision has also prepared special presentations for television, often providing live descriptions of the annual Academy Awards, and notably describing the classic film "It's a Wonderful Life" for NBC's traditional annual broadcast of the film (with the descriptive audio carried on the SAP (Second Audio Program) channel), with the narrative description performed by former president George H. W. Bush.
Founder.
Helen Harris is the founder of RPI and also a longtime activist for the blind and vision impaired. Years ago, Helen Harris, then a housewife, painter, and young mother, learned that she was slowly going blind from the degenerative blinding disease, retinitis pigmentosa. She soon learned that two of her three sons had inherited her disease. In 1973, she began RP International to provide support and counsel to those who suffer from retinitis pigmentosa and other degenerative eye diseases, and to find a cure for those diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="19194754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194754" title="Slow irregular variable">
Slow irregular variable

A slow irregular variable (ascribed the GCVS types L, LB and LC) is a variable star that exhibit no or very poorly defined periodicity in their slowly changing light emissions. Most of them are late spectral types K and M, S stars or carbon stars. The LB:s are generally giants, while the LC:s are supergiants exhibiting a light variation interval of about 1 magnitude.
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="19194758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194758" title="Cedar Creek Ice &amp; Expo Center">
Cedar Creek Ice &amp; Expo Center

Cedar Creek Ice & Expo Center is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Wausau, Wisconsin, that is currently in the planning stages. It will be completed in the fall of 2009. When it opens, it will be home to an expansion franchise in the United States Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19194765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194765" title="Sidney Kimmel">
Sidney Kimmel

Sidney J. Kimmel (born 1928) is founder of the Jones Apparel Group, philanthropist and film producer. Some of his many films include "Death at a Funeral" and "The Kite Runner". He ranked number 655 in the "Forbes" list of the richest people alive in 2010.
Personal life.
Kimmel, son of a cab driver, was born in 1928 to a Jewish family and raised in Philadelphia. He attended Temple University but did not finish. He now lives in California with his wife Caroline Davis, the former wife of Leonard Tose. Kimmel is featured on "Old Jews Telling Jokes".
Career.
Kimmel founded Jones Apparel Group in 1970 while working at W. R. Grace and Company. Five years later, he purchased the company with a partner. Notable lines produced by Kimmel include: Jones New York, Evan-Picone, 9 West; licensing deals with Ralph Lauren. He stepped down as chief executive officer of Jones in 2002 and sold most of his shares in the publicly traded company, but remains chairman of the board of directors. He owns art, real estate, movie production outfit Sidney Kimmel Entertainment, and a small stake in the professional NBA basketball team Miami Heat.
Sidney Kimmel Entertainment.
Founded in 2004, Sidney Kimmel Entertainment (SKE) is a Los Angeles-based production, finance and distribution company headed by Kimmel. Films produced include SKE and Screen Gems' 2010 remake "Death at a Funeral", "The Kite Runner" (2007), "United 93", "Breach", "Lars and the Real Girl", "Adventureland", "Death at a Funeral", "Synecdoche, New York", and "Gone" (2012).
Philanthropy.
Kimmel is an active philanthropist with an emphasis on healthcare, education, arts and culture. His goal is to donate $1 billion in total throughout his lifetime. 
In 1993, Kimmel founded the Sidney Kimmel Foundation. The foundation's Cancer Research division pledged to contribute $120 million to institutions serving healthcare, education, arts and culture. Later, in 2001, the Sidney Kimmel Foundation for Cancer Research donated $150 million to Johns Hopkins University. The donation became the largest single gift ever received by the University, and was directed toward the development of a residence for cancer patients undergoing extended treatment. The gift inspired the university to name the residence the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center. In total Kimmel has his name attached to four separate cancer-research centers in Philadelphia, San Diego and Baltimore. The Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins Hospital as well as the Kimmel Cancer Center at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital carry his name. As of April 2003, Kimmel and the Sidney Kimmel Foundation had donated an estimated $400 million.
Another cause that Kimmel has contributed towards, has been the center for the performing arts in Philadelphia, which is now named The Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, and is home to the world-renowned Philadelphia Orchestra. Altogether Kimmel has donated $35 million to the Center. Other contributions from Kimmel include a $5 million donation to The National Constitution Center in Philadelphia; a $20 million donation to Raymond and Ruth Perelman Jewish Day School in Philadelphia and $25 million for the establishment of a new prostate and urological cancer center at Memorial Sloan-Kettering in New York. In 2003 Kimmel pledged $25 million to The National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia. The construction was said to have cost in total $100 million, and opened in 2006 on the museum's existing site facing Independence Mall. Kimmel donated $25 million to Stand Up To Cancer.
Support for cold fusion research.
Kimmel has given $5.5 million to the University of Missouri to create the Sidney Kimmel Institute for Nuclear Renaissance, SKINR, where researchers will ""figure out why excess heat has been observed when hydrogen or deuterium interacts with materials such as palladium, nickel or platinum under extreme conditions."", Originally named “cold fusion,” nowadays the name low-energy nuclear reaction (LENR) is also used.

</doc>
<doc id="19194772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194772" title="Carrier Air Wing Six">
Carrier Air Wing Six

Carrier Air Wing Six (CVW-6) was a United States Navy aircraft carrier air wing whose operational history spans from the years prior to World War II to the end of the Cold War, including participating in the Battle of Midway, the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the Vietnam War. It was based on 15 different carriers during its operational lifetime.
When the unit was named "Air Group Six" during its time on the "Enterprise", it was the Navy’s only carrier-based air group to carry out three complete tours of duty during World War II.
"Enterprise" Air Group (1941–1942).
The lineage of Carrier Air Wing Six can be traced to the "Enterprise" Air Group, created on 1 July 1938, which included the following squadrons and aircraft:
This air group was embarked on board the "Yorktown"-class aircraft carrier at the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor.
On 7 December 1941, eighteen SBD Dauntless scout bombers of squadrons VS-6 and VB-6 arrived over Pearl Harbor during the attack and, although surprised, immediately went into action in defense of the naval base. Scouting Six lost six planes during the attack, and Bombing Six lost one, killing eight airmen and wounding two others. Later that evening, six VF-6 Wildcats attempted to land at Ford Island, but five were accidentally shot down by friendly anti-aircraft fire, killing three pilots and wounding two others. "Enterprise"’s air group carried out search missions to locate the Japanese carrier task force that attacked Pearl Harbor, but was unable to locate that force. "Enterprise" aircraft did sink a Japanese submarine on 10 December, but was unable to relieve the U.S. Marine garrison on Wake Island that fell to the Japanese.
1942 was a critical period for the United States Navy, as they were forced to face the Japanese offensive in the Pacific War with the USS "Enterprise" and its air group being the only operational carrier in the Pacific due to battle losses. The "Enterprise"’s air group launched air strikes against Japanese shipping and military installations on Marshall and Gilbert island groups on 1 February 1942, followed by air raids on Wake Island on 24 February and Marcus Island on 4 March. "Enterprise"’s air group provided air cover for the Task Force 16 which launched the Doolittle Raid from the carrier on 18 April. This mission prevented "Enterprise" and "Hornet" from participating in the Battle of Coral Sea which saw the sunk and the heavily damaged.
The Battle of Midway was the climatic naval battle in 1942, with the "Enterprise"’s air group sinking the Japanese carriers "Kaga" and "Akagi" and contributed to the sinking of "Hiryū". Torpedo Six (VT-6) lost ten TBD-1, Bombing Six (VB-6) lost eleven SBD-3, Scouting Six (VS-6) lost nine SBD-3, and Fighting Six (VF-6) lost a F4F-4.
During the battle, then-Lieutenant Commander Wade McClusky, leading the Air Group, made a critical tactical decision that led to the sinking of two of Japan's fleet carriers, , and . When McClusky could not find the Japanese carriers where he expected them, and with his air group's fuel running dangerously low, he spotted the Japanese destroyer "Arashi" steaming north at flank speed. (The "Arashi" had stayed behind to attack the USS "Nautilus", which had been harassing the Japanese fleet.) Taking the "Arashi"s heading led him directly to the enemy carriers. He then directed his dive-bombers into an attack which led to the destruction of both "Kaga" and "Akagi."
The "Enterprise" Air Group also participated in the Battle of the Eastern Solomons on 24 August 1942, which was a strategic and tactical victory that blunted the Japanese counteroffensive during Guadalcanal Campaign although the "Enterprise" sustained heavy damage. After returning to Pearl Harbor, the "Enterprise" Air Group was disbanded, and starting in September 1942, all U.S. Navy carrier air groups would be numbered.
World War Two deployments.
Listed below are the deployments of the "Enterprise" Air Group during 1942 following the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Air group composition–World War Two.
Battle of Midway and Doolittle Raid (1942).
"Enterprise" Air Group embarked on USS "Enterprise" (CV-6) during the Battle of Midway and Doolittle Raid:
Battle of the Eastern Solomons (1942).
"Enterprise" Air Group embarked on USS "Enterprise" (CV-6) during the Battle of the Eastern Solomons:
Air Group Six (1943–1945).
The "Enterprise" Air Group was reconstituted as Air Group Six on 15 March 1943. While flying off the "Enterprise", they provided close air support to the amphibious landing on Makin Atoll from 19 to 21 November 1943. On the night of 26 November, carrier-based night fighters from the "Enterprise" broke up a large group of land-based bombers attacking Task Group 50.2. After a heavy strike by aircraft of Task Force 50 against Kwajalein on 4 December, "Enterprise" returned to Pearl Harbor on 9 December.
Air Group Six then embarked on board the new "Essex"-class aircraft carrier to provide air support for the amphibious landings on Kwajalein Atoll from 31 January to 3 February 1944. They also participated in a massive air strike against the Japanese naval base at Truk. The air group destroyed fifty-five enemy planes (twelve in the air and forty-two on the ground) as well as sinking five Japanese ships. Nine planes were lost, with nine pilots and four crewmen dead or missing.
On 9 March 1945, Air Group Six switched to the new "Essex"-class aircraft carrier and carried out air strikes against Kyūshū airfields, southwestern Honshū, and shipping in the Inland Sea of Japan on 18 March. From 23 to 27 March, they struck the Nansei-shoto islands. Their last strikes in March came on the 31st, when they hit Minami Daito Jima and Kyūshū.
Air Group Six subsequently provided air support for the U.S invasion of Okinawa beginning on 1 April until a suicide plane hit the "Hancock" on 7 April. This forced the carrier off the battle line for repairs. "Hancock" and Air Group Six returned to action on 13 June and remained at sea until the end of World War II.
Air Group Six deployments, 1943–1945.
Listed below are the deployments of Air Group Six during World War Two following its activation.
Air group composition.
Operation Galvanic (1943).
Air Group Six embarked on USS "Enterprise" (CV-6) during Operation Galvanic:
Operation Flintlock (1944).
Air Group Six embarked on USS "Intrepid" (CV-11) during Operation Flintlock:
Battle Carrier Air Group Five (1946–1948).
Post-war service for Carrier Wing Six began when Carrier Air Group Seventeen (CVG-17) was re-designated as Battle Carrier Air Group Seventeen (CVBG-17) on 22 January 1946 and subsequently re-designated as Battle Carrier Air Group Five (CVBG-5) on 16 November 1946. CVBG-5 participated in the shakedown cruises for "Essex"-class fleet carrier and the "Midway"-class battle aircraft carrier .
Deployments.
The Battle Carrier Air Group Five deployments, 1946–1948
Table 3 denotes the deployments of CVBG-5.
Carrier Air Group Six (1948–1963).
Battle Carrier Air Group Five was re-designated Carrier Air Group Six (CVG-6) effective 27 July 1948. CVG-6 participated in three major NATO naval exercises, 1952's "Operation Grand Slam", 1952's "Operation Mainbrace" and 1957's Operation Strikeback ("pictured"). as well as making ten deployment to the Mediterranean Sea (see Table 4 below). VF-33 joined CVG-6 aboard "Midway" in 1954.
The Group flew on board the Navy's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, the recently commissioned , on 22 June 1962. CVG-6 participated with the in "LantFlex 2-62", a nuclear strike exercise from 6–12 July, providing eight “pre-planned” strikes and six call strikes while operating off the Virginia capes, against targets ranging from the Tidewater area to central Florida. The air group also participated in "RipTide III" from 3–5 August, which involved long-range simulated nuclear strikes against targets off the Portuguese and Spanish coasts, including 14 strikes and nine call strikes, all opposed.
The Group embarked on board the "Enterprise" during its first deployment to the Mediterranean, passing the Rock of Gibraltar on 16 August 1962. CVG-6 participated n "Lafayette II", 7 September, which involved 14 scheduled conventional strikes coordinated with aircraft from against multiple targets in southern France, with opposition provided by French air force and naval aircraft. The air group was involved in "Indian Summer" from 7–8 September, comprising three long-range, simulated nuclear strikes, with fighter escort by F-4Bs from VF-102, against Spanish targets defended by USAF and Spanish commands assigned to NATO. Carrier Air Group Six also provided air support during "FallEx/High Heels II" from 6–20 September as well as "Fall Trap" from 23–27 September, which was a NATO amphibious exercise. "Enterprise" arrived back at Norfolk Naval Station on 11 October 1962.
Carrier Air Group Six subsequently participated in the naval operations during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 as part of Task Force 135, a two-carrier strike force consisting of CAG-6's home carrier, the "Enterprise", and the supercarrier , operating south of the Windward Passage, between Cuba and the island of Hispaniola and southward, in the vicinity of Latitude 18ºN, Longitude 74º30'W. CAG-6 was augmented with ten additional A4D-4N Skyhawks of Attack Squadron 34 (VA-34) during the night of 26/27 October 1962. For its participation in the Cuban Missile Crisis, Carrier Air Groups Six received the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal.
Deployments.
The deployments of CVG-6 are listed below.
Air group composition.
Operation Grand Slam (1952).
Carrier Air Group Six embarked on USS "Midway" (CVB-41) during NATO Operation Grand Slam:
Operation Mainbrace (1952).
Carrier Air Group Six embarked on USS "Midway" (CVB-41) during NATO Operation Mainbrace:
Operation Strikeback (1957).
Carrier Air Group Six embarked on USS "Intrepid" (CVA-11) during NATO Operation Strikeback:
Cuban Missile Crisis (1962).
Carrier Air Group Six embarked on USS "Enterprise" (CVAN-65) during the Cuban Missile Crisis:
Carrier Air Wing Six (1963–1993).
Carrier Air Group Six was re-designated Carrier Air Wing Six (CVW-6) on 20 December 1963. The air wing participated in "Operation Sea Orbit", the first around-the-world voyage made by nuclear-powered surface ships, in 1964 ("pictured").
CVW-6 embarked on the new supercarrier for its 1965 shakedown cruise, and during that ship's second deployment to the Mediterranean Sea, CVW-6 was operating with the U.S. Sixth Fleet when the Six Day War broke out between Israel and its Arab neighbors on 5 June 1967. "America"'s escorting destroyers detected an unknown submarine contact on 7 June, and a Sikorsky SH-3A Sea King from Helicopter Antisubmarine Squadron (HS-9) assisted in tracking this contact. CVW-6 aircraft provided air cover for the stricken , which had been attacked by Israeli military forces, and it also dispatched two helicopters to evacuate the seriously injured to the "America".
Carrier Air Wing Six made its first combat deployment in 1968 upon the "America". During this deployment, CVW-6 spent a total of 112 days at Yankee Station, attacking roads, waterways, trucks, bridges, as well as lighters, barges, and other logistical support watercraft. They also attacked petroleum storage areas, truck parks, and cave storage areas to impede the flow of men and war materials to the south during the Tet Offensive. On 10 July 1968, Lt. Roy Cash, Jr. (pilot) and Lt. (j.g.) Joseph E. Kain, Jr. (radar intercept officer), flying in an F-4J Phantom from Fighter Squadron 33 (VF-33), downed a MiG-21 about northwest of Vinh, North Vietnam. This was the first MiG "kill" in the Vietnam War for CVW-6. "America" and Carrier Air Wing Six were awarded the Navy Unit Commendation for this deployment.
CVW-6 then left the "America" for another carrier, the . This carrier, along with and , stood by to execute the possible evacuation of foreign civilians during the Yom Kippur War in October 1973. CVW-6 provided air cover during the 1983 invasion of Grenada ("Operation Urgent Fury") while embarked on board the . During that ship's subsequent deployment to the Mediterranean Sea, CVW-6 conducted air strikes against Syrian positions that were attacking U.S. Marine positions in Lebanon. Carrier Air Group Six received the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal for "Operation Urgent Fury".
Beginning in 1986, Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on board the . It participated in a joint U.S.-Egyptian training exercise ("Operation Sea Wind") and "Display Determination '86", which featured low-level coordinated strikes and air combat maneuvering training over Turkey. CVW-6 subsequently participated in "Ocean Safari '87", a six-week cruise in the North Atlantic which was highlighted by operations with NATO forces posing as aggressors lurking in Norwegian fjords. A year later, the air wing participated in "Ocean Venture ’88" in the Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Caribbean Sea, and then provided air support for "Operation Earnest Will".
During its final overseas deployment, CVW-6 participated in three multi-lateral exercises ("Harmonie Sud Est", "Iles D’Or", and "Display Determination ‘91"), and also provided air support for "Operation Provide Comfort". Carrier Air Group Six received the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal for "Provide Comfort". (see Table 5 below).
Deployments.
The deployments of CVW-6 are listed below.
Air wing composition.
Operation Sea Orbit (1964).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Enterprise" (CVAN-65) during Operation Sea Orbit:
Six Day War (1967).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "America" (CVA-66) during the Six Day War:
Vietnam War (1968).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "America" (CVA-66) during the Vietnam War:
Yom Kippur War (1973).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Franklin D. Roosevelt" (CVA-42) during the Yom Kippur War:
Operation Urgent Fury (1984).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Independence" (CV-62) during Operation Urgent Fury:
Ocean Safari 1987.
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Forrestal" (CV-59) during NATO exercise Ocean Safari 1987:
Operation Earnest Will (1988).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Forrestal" (CV-59) during Operation Earnest Will:
Operation Provide Comfort (1991).
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Forrestal" (CV-59) during Operation Provide Comfort:
Decommissioning.
Carrier Air Wing Six shifted to the USS "Forrestal" (CV-59) when the USS "Independence" (CV-62) underwent its Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) overhaul at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard in 1986. Following the completion of its SLEP, the "Independence" sailed to its new homeport at the San Diego Naval Base with Carrier Air Wing 5. With the shifting of the "Forrestal" to a naval aviation training role as AVT-59, plus post-Cold War budget cutbacks, Carrier Air Wing Six (CVW-6) was decommissioned on 1 April 1993.
Final composition.
Carrier Air Wing Six embarked on USS "Forrestal" (CV-59):
Awards and commendations.
Presidential Unit Citation.
"For consistently outstanding performance and distinguished achievement during repeated action against enemy Japanese forces in the Pacific war area, 7 December 1941, to 15 November 1942. Participating in nearly every major carrier engagement in the first year of the war, the Enterprise and her air group, exclusive of far-flung destruction of hostile shore installations throughout the battle area, did sink or damage on her own a total of 35 Japanese vessels and shoot down a total of 185 Japanese aircraft. Her aggressive spirit and superb combat efficiency are fitting tribute to the officers and men who so gallantly established her as an ahead bulwark in the defense of the American nation."

</doc>
