<doc id="19103652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103652" title="1966–67 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1966–67 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

The 1966–67 Huddersfield Town season was a mainly successful season for the Terriers. Town finished the season in 6th place under Tom Johnston.
Review.
Tom Johnston tried to improve on the previous season's 4th place in the league. Their start was mixed with around as many wins as losses. The mid-part of the season saw Town go on an impressive run of only 2 defeats in 18 league games between November and mid-March. The end of the season saw a slight drop in form which more or less lost Town's chances of gaining promotion to Division 1. The rise up the table was helped by the goals of Colin Dobson and Tony Leighton, who scored 35 league goals between them.
They finished in 6th place with 49 points, 9 points behind 2nd placed Wolverhampton Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="19103653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103653" title="Christian Jollie Smith">
Christian Jollie Smith

Christian Brynhild Ochiltree Jollie Smith (15 March 1885 - 14 January 1963), was a socialist lawyer and co-founder of the Communist Party of Australia notable for her work representing striking miners, underprivileged tenants during the great depression and briefing legal council for the successful High Court challenges to the attempted exclusion of Egon Kisch from Australia and the Communist Party dissolution Act.
Born at Parkville, Melbourne, daughter of Scottish-born Thomas Jollie Smith and his Victorian wife Jessie Ochiltree. Brought up at Naracoorte, South Australia, where her father was Presbyterian minister. She was educated in Adelaide, and at Presbyterian Ladies' College, Melbourne, in 1904. Christian studied law at the University of Melbourne (LL.B., 1911) and was introduced to socialism by her friend Guido Baracchi. She belonged to a group of left-wing intellectuals including William Earsman, Louis Esson and his wife Hilda, and Katharine Susannah Prichard, and was active in the anti-conscription campaigns of World War I.
Jollie Smith worked as a solicitor, from 1914 onwards but chose a number of diverse career paths including journalism for her socialist political cause and teaching. 
Early in 1918 Jollie Smith was the first woman taxi-driver in Melbourne, under the trade name 'Pamela Brown'. In 1919 she taught English literature at Melbourne High, Brighton Grammar schools and the Labor College of New South Wales, Sydney. In December 1920 she became a foundation committee-member of the Communist Party of Australia and published the Sydney based Australian Communist from 1920-21.
Christian Jollie Smith became the second woman to be admitted as a solicitor in New South Wales on 30 October 1924. She established her own practice dealing chiefly with political and industrial cases. During the attempted exclusion of Egon Kisch from Australia she briefed Albert Piddington and Maurice Blackburn who won appeals in the High Court of Australia against charges that he was a prohibited immigrant.
In 1951 Jollie Smith briefed Herbert Evatt who successfully challenged the validity of the Act outlawing the Communist Party.
Jollie Smith never married. She died at North Sydney and was cremated with Presbyterian forms. The Australian Communist Newspaper Tribune acknowledged her as one of the 'most devoted fighters in the intellectual and professional fields' on behalf of the working class. 

</doc>
<doc id="19103666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103666" title="AXFS">
AXFS

__NOTOC__
AXFS (Advanced XIP Filesystem) is a compressed read-only file system for Linux, initially developed at Intel, and now maintained at Numonyx. It was designed to utilize execute in place (XIP) alongside compression aiming to reduce boot and program load times, while retaining a small memory footprint for embedded devices. This is achieved by mixing compressed and uncompressed pages in the same executable file. AXFS is free software (licensed under the GPL).
Cramfs is another read-only compressed file system that supports XIP (with patches), however it uses a strategy of decompressing entire files, whereas AXFS supports XIP with page granularity.

</doc>
<doc id="19103692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103692" title="1979 South American Open (tennis)">
1979 South American Open (tennis)

The 1979 ATP Buenos Aires was a men's Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that was played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 13th edition of the tournament and was held from November 19 through November 25, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19103697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103697" title="Playing the Building">
Playing the Building

Playing the Building is an art installation by David Byrne, ex singer of Talking Heads, and Färgfabriken, an independent art venue in Stockholm. The concept would later be realized in New York City in parts of the Battery Maritime Building, in London in The Roundhouse, and in Minneapolis. It ran from November 5, 2012 to December 4, 2012 in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the Aria building in the Minneapolis Warehouse Historic District. The concept entailed utilizing the infrastructure of these buildings and spaces as resonating bodies to create sounds. Different methods are used to produce the sounds, including hitting columns with metal rods, strapping vibrating motors to girders, and blowing air through pipes. The sounds often resemble musical instruments, including organs, flutes. As of 2012, the project has used buildings in four different locations.

</doc>
<doc id="19103708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103708" title="James Deane">
James Deane

James Deane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19103721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103721" title="Sorority House (film)">
Sorority House (film)

Sorority House is a 1939 drama film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by John Farrow and based upon the Mary Coyle Chase play named "Chi House".
Plot.
Alice Fisher is the daughter of Lew Fisher, a grocery store owner. She is surprised when he reveals he has college money for her. Alice rolls into a boarding house and becomes friends with room mates Dotty Spencer and Merle Scott. Dotty suggests Alice to join a sorority if she spikes up her looks and earns a few more bucks.
Meanwhile, Alice falls in love with Bill Loomis, who is dating Neva Simpson. He asks Alice out for a date and recommends her for a sorority, stating she is actually rich but pretends not to be. When Alice writes her father a letter she doesn't have the money for a sorority, he sells his store to a chain and receives the money.
Bill and Alice soon fall in love and kiss. This results into conflicts, since Bill is still in a relationship with Neva.
Production.
Tim Holt was originally announced as male lead, intending to be reunited with Anne Shirley from "Stella Dallas" but this did not eventuate.
Veronica Lake was cast in a small role, her first screen part. This was removed in the edit, but the experience encouraged Lake to pursue acting.

</doc>
<doc id="19103722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103722" title="Shaw House (Ferndale, California)">
Shaw House (Ferndale, California)

The Shaw House, also known as the Shaw House Inn, is a historic Carpenter Gothic Victorian style house located at 703 Main Street in Ferndale, Humboldt County, California. It served historically as a courthouse, a post office, and a single-family dwelling.
History.
The Shaw House was built in 1854 by Seth Shaw, who with his brother Stephen W. Shaw had arrived by canoe in 1852 to build a cabin, clear some land, claim it and found the town of Ferndale. Despite long-standing local legend, the house was not inspired by Nathaniel Hawthorne's House of the Seven Gables, but rather by the home of Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo in Sonoma, California which had been drawn and painted by Stephen W. Shaw. In the early days, the Shaw House served as the area's first courthouse as well as post office.
The building was owned by the family, vacant for several years at the end, until sold in 1967. Fully restored by two owners, the Shaw House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13, 1984.
It remains the oldest house in Ferndale and functions as a bed and breakfast under the Shaw House Inn name. It still features the marble fireplace that Isabella Shaw, Seth's bride, picked out at Gump's in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="19103725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103725" title="The Chimera's Curse">
The Chimera's Curse

"The Chimera's Curse" is a children's fantasy novel by Julia Golding, first published in 2007. It is the fourth and final book of the Companions Quartet. 
The rest of the quartet includes "The Gorgon's Gaze", "Mines of the Minotaur", and "Secret of the Sirens".
Golding has stated that there might be a continuation for this series.
Plot summary.
Connie is the world's last Universal and the only one who can communicate with everyone and everything; the only person who can keep peace and unity between humans and the mythical beings being destroyed by human hands. But, the evil shapeshifter Kullervo wants her power. He wants to destroy all humanity for wiping out the mythical creatures.
During a scorching summer, Kullervo prepares for war. The serpent-like Chimera is only a small part of his deadly army. As the dangerous fire of Kullervo's hatred bursts into life, Connie and her best friend Col must stop him.

</doc>
<doc id="19103731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103731" title="Medal of the Red Cross (Netherlands)">
Medal of the Red Cross (Netherlands)

The Medal of the Red Cross is a royal decoration of the Kingdom of the Netherlands to award those who dedicated themselves to and showed important deeds towards the Netherlands Red Cross.
The medal is also named the Dutch government medal because the medal is not created by the Netherlands or international Red Cross, but created by royal decree on 5 October 1910 by the Dutch government. Thereby this medal is an official Dutch royal decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19103773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103773" title="Topology (electrical circuits)">
Topology (electrical circuits)

The topology of an electronic circuit is the form taken by the network of interconnections of the circuit components. Different specific values or ratings of the components are regarded as being the same topology. Topology is not concerned with the physical layout of components in a circuit, nor with their positions on a circuit diagram. It is only concerned with what connections exist between the components. There may be numerous physical layouts and circuit diagrams that all amount to the same topology.
Strictly speaking, replacing a component with one of an entirely different type is still the same topology. In some contexts, however, these can loosely be described as different topologies. For instance, interchanging inductors and capacitors in a low-pass filter results in a high-pass filter. These might be described as high-pass and low-pass topologies even though the network topology is identical. A more correct term for these classes of object (that is, a network where the type of component is specified but not the absolute value) is prototype network.
Electronic network topology is related to mathematical topology, in particular, for networks which contain only two-terminal devices, circuit topology can be viewed as an application of graph theory. In a network analysis of such a circuit from a topological point of view, the network nodes are the vertices of graph theory and the network branches are the edges of graph theory.
Standard graph theory can be extended to deal with active components and multi-terminal devices such as integrated circuits. Graphs can also be used in the analysis of infinite networks.
Circuit diagrams.
The circuit diagrams in this article follow the usual conventions in electronics; lines represent conductors, filled small circles represent junctions of conductors, open small circles represent terminals for connection to the outside world. In most cases, impedances are represented by rectangles. A practical circuit diagram would use the specific symbols for resistors, inductors, capacitors etc., but topology is not concerned with the type of component in the network so the symbol for a general impedance has been used instead.
The Graph theory section of this article gives an alternative method of representing networks.
Topology names.
Many topology names relate to their appearance when drawn diagramatically. Most circuits can be drawn in a variety of ways and consequently have a variety of names. For instance, the three circuits shown in figure 1.1 all look different but have identical topologies.
This example also demonstrates a common convention of naming topologies after a letter of the alphabet to which they have a resemblance. Greek alphabet letters can also be used in this way, for example Π (pi) topology and Δ (delta) topology.
Series and parallel topologies.
For a network with two branches, there are only two possible topologies: series and parallel.
Even for these simplest of topologies, there are variations in the way the circuit can be presented.
For a network with three branches there are four possible topologies;
Note that the parallel/series topology is another representation of the Delta topology discussed later.
Series and parallel topologies can continue to be constructed with greater and greater numbers of branches "ad infinitum". The number of unique topologies that can be obtained from "n" branches is 2n-1. The total number of unique topologies that can be obtained with no more than "n" branches is 2n-1.
Y and Δ topologies.
Y and Δ are important topologies in linear network analysis due to these being the simplest possible three-terminal networks. A Y-Δ transform is available for linear circuits. This transform is important because there are some networks that cannot be analysed in terms of series and parallel combinations. example of this is the network of figure 1.6, consisting of a Y network connected in parallel with a Δ network. Say it is desired to calculate the impedance between two nodes of the network. In many networks this can be done by successive applications of the rules for combination of series or parallel impedances. This is not, however, possible in this case where the Y-Δ transform is needed in addition to the series and parallel rules.Redifon, p.22</ref>
The Y topology is also called star topology. However, star topology may also refer to the more general case of many branches connected to the same node rather than just three.
Simple filter topologies.
The topologies shown in figure 1.7 are commonly used for filter and attenuator designs. The L-section is identical topology to the potential divider topology. The T-section is identical topology to the Y topology. The Π-section is identical topology to the Δ topology.
All these topologies can be viewed as a short section of a ladder topology. Longer sections would normally be described as ladder topology. These kinds of circuits are commonly analysed and characterised in terms of a two-port network.Redifon, pp.45–48</ref>
Bridge topology.
Bridge topology is an important topology with many uses in both linear and non-linear applications, including, amongst many others, the bridge rectifier, the Wheatstone bridge and the lattice phase equaliser. There are several ways that bridge topology is rendered in circuit diagrams. The first rendering in figure 1.8 is the traditional depiction of a bridge circuit. The second rendering clearly shows the equivalence between the bridge topology and a topology derived by series and parallel combinations. The third rendering is more commonly known as lattice topology. It is not so obvious that this is topologically equivalent. It can be seen that this is indeed so by visualising the top left node moved to the right of the top right node.
It is normal to call a network bridge topology only if it is being used as a two-port network with the input and output ports each consisting of a pair of diagonally opposite nodes. The box topology in figure 1.7 can be seen to be identical to bridge topology but in the case of the filter the input and output ports are each a pair of "adjacent" nodes. Sometimes the loading (or null indication) component on the output port of the bridge will be included in the bridge topology as shown in figure 1.9.
Bridged T and Twin-T topologies.
Bridged T topology is derived from bridge topology in a way explained in the Zobel network article. There are many derivative topologies also discussed in the same article.
There is also a twin-T topology which has practical applications where it is desirable to have the input and output share a common (ground) terminal. This may be, for instance, because the input and output connections are made with co-axial topology. Connecting together an input and output terminal is not allowable with normal bridge topology and for this reason Twin-T is used where a bridge would otherwise be used for balance or null measurement applications. The topology is also used in the twin-T oscillator as a sine wave generator. The lower part of figure 1.11 shows twin-T topology redrawn to emphasise the connection with bridge topology.
Infinite topologies.
Ladder topology can be extended without limit and is much used in filter designs. There are many variations on ladder topology, some of which are discussed in the Electronic filter topology and Composite image filter articles.
The balanced form of ladder topology can be viewed as being the graph of the side of a prism of arbitrary order. The side of an anti-prism forms a topology which, in this sense, is an anti-ladder. Anti-ladder topology finds an application in voltage multiplier circuits, in particular the Cockcroft-Walton generator. There is also a full-wave version of the Cockcroft-Walton generator which uses a double anti-ladder topology.
Infinite topologies can also be formed by cascading multiple sections of some other simple topology, such as lattice or bridge-T sections. Such infinite chains of lattice sections occur in the theoretical analysis and artificial simulation of transmission lines, but are rarely used as a practical circuit implementation.
Components with more than two terminals.
Circuits containing components with three or more terminals greatly increase the number of possible topologies. Conversely, the number of different circuits represented by a topology diminishes and in many cases the circuit is easily recognisable from the topology even when specific components are not identified.
With more complex circuits the description may proceed by specification of a transfer function between the ports of the network rather than the topology of the components.
Graph theory.
Graph theory is the branch of mathematics dealing with graphs. In network analysis, graphs are used extensively to represent a network being analysed. The graph of a network captures only certain aspects of a network; those aspects related to its connectivity, or, in other words, its topology. This can be a useful representation and generalisation of a network because many network equations are invariant across networks with the same topology. This includes equations derived from Kirchhoff's laws and Tellegen's theorem.
History.
Graph theory has been used in the network analysis of linear, passive networks almost from the moment that Kirchhoff's laws were formulated. Gustav Kirchhoff himself, in 1847, used graphs as an abstract representation of a network in his loop analysis of resistive circuits. This approach was later generalised to RLC circuits, replacing resistances with impedances. In 1892 James Clerk Maxwell provided the dual of this analysis with node analysis. Maxwell is also responsible for the topological theorem that the determinant of the node-admittance matrix is equal to the sum of all the tree admittance products. In 1900 Henri Poincaré introduced the idea of representing a graph by its incidence matrix, hence founding the field of algebraic topology. In 1916 Oswald Veblen applied the algebraic topology of Poincaré to Kirchhoff's analysis. Veblen is also responsible for the introduction of the spanning tree to aid choosing a compatible set of network variables.
Comprehensive cataloguing of network graphs as they apply to electrical circuits began with Percy MacMahon in 1891 (with an engineer friendly article in "The Electrician" in 1892) who limited his survey to series and parallel combinations. MacMahon called these graphs yoke-chains. Ronald Foster in 1932 categorised graphs by their nullity or rank and provided charts of all those with a small number of nodes. This work grew out of an earlier survey by Foster while collaborating with George Campbell in 1920 on 4-port telephone repeaters and produced 83,539 distinct graphs.Foster and Campbell, p.232</ref>
For a long time topology in electrical circuit theory remained concerned only with linear passive networks. The more recent developments of semiconductor devices and circuits have required new tools in topology to deal with them. Enormous increases in circuit complexity have led to the use of combinatorics in graph theory to improve efficiency of computer calculation.
Graphs and circuit diagrams.
Networks are commonly classified by the kind of electrical elements making them up. in a circuit diagram these element-kinds are specifically drawn, each with its own unique symbol. Resistive networks are one-element-kind networks, consisting only of "R" elements. Likewise capacitive or inductive networks are one-element-kind. The "RC", "RL" and "LC" circuits are simple two-element-kind networks. The "RLC" circuit is the simplest three-element-kind network. The "LC" ladder network commonly used for low-pass filters can have many elements but is another example of a two-element-kind network.
Conversely, topology is concerned only with the geometric relationship between the elements of a network, not with the kind of elements themselves. The heart of a topological representation of a network is the graph of the network. Elements are represented as the edges of the graph. An edge is drawn as a line, terminating on dots or small circles from which other edges (elements) may emanate. In circuit analysis, the edges of the graph are called "branches". The dots are called the vertices of the graph and represent the nodes of the network. "Node" and "vertex" are terms that can be used interchangeably when discussing graphs of networks. Figure 2.2 shows a graph representation of the circuit in figure 2.1.Suresh, p.485</ref>
Graphs used in network analysis are usually, in addition, both directed graphs, to capture the direction of current flow and voltage, and labelled graphs, to capture the uniqueness of the branches and nodes. For instance, a graph consisting of a square of branches would still be the same topological graph if two branches were interchanged unless the branches were uniquely labelled. In directed graphs, the two nodes that a branch connects to are designated the source and target nodes. Typically, these will be indicated by an arrow drawn on the branch.Minas, pp.213–214Suresh, p.485</ref>
Incidence.
Incidence is one of the basic properties of a graph. An edge that is connected to a vertex is said to be "incident" on that vertex. The incidence of a graph can be captured in matrix format with a matrix called an incidence matrix. In fact, the incidence matrix is an alternative mathematical representation of the graph which dispenses with the need for any kind of drawing. Matrix rows correspond to nodes and matrix columns correspond to branches. The elements of the matrix are either zero, for no incidence, or one, for incidence between the node and branch. Direction in directed graphs is indicated by the sign of the element.
Equivalence.
Graphs are equivalent if one can be transformed into the other by deformation. Deformation can include the operations of translation, rotation and reflection; bending and stretching the branches; and crossing or knotting the branches. Two graphs which are equivalent through deformation are said to be "congruent".
In the field of electrical networks, there are two additional transforms that are considered to result in equivalent graphs which do not produce congruent graphs. The first of these is the interchange of series connected branches. This is the dual of interchange of parallel connected branches which can be achieved by deformation without the need for a special rule. The second is concerned with graphs divided into two or more "separate parts", that is, a graph with two sets of nodes which have no branches incident to a node in each set. Two such separate parts are considered an equivalent graph to one where the parts are joined by combining a node from each into a single node. Likewise, a graph that can be split into two separate parts by splitting a node in two is also considered equivalent.Foster, p.310</ref>
Trees and links.
A tree is a graph in which all the nodes are connected, either directly or indirectly, by branches, but without forming any closed loops. Since there are no closed loops, there are no currents in a tree. In network analysis, we are interested in spanning trees, that is, trees that connect every node present in the graph of the network. In this article, spanning tree is meant by an unqualified "tree" unless otherwise stated. A given network graph can contain a number of different trees. The branches removed from a graph in order to form a tree are called links, the branches remaining in the tree are called "twigs". For a graph with "n" nodes, the number of branches in each tree, "t", must be;
An important relationship for circuit analysis is;
where "b" is the number of branches in the graph and "l" is the number of links removed to form the tree.Suresh, p. 486</ref>
Tie sets and cut sets.
The goal of circuit analysis is to determine all the branch currents and voltages in the network. These network variables are not all independent. The branch voltages are related to the branch currents by the transfer function of the elements of which they are composed. A complete solution of the network can therefore be either in terms of branch currents or branch voltages only. Nor are all the branch currents independent from each other. The minimum number of branch currents required for a complete solution is "l". This is a consequence of the fact that a tree has "l" links removed and there can be no currents in a tree. Since the remaining branches of the tree have zero current they cannot be independent of the link currents. The branch currents chosen as a set of independent variables must be a set associated with the links of a tree: one cannot choose any "l" branches arbitrarily.
In terms of branch voltages, a complete solution of the network can be obtained with "t" branch voltages. This is a consequence the fact that short-circuiting all the branches of a tree results in the voltage being zero everywhere. The link voltages cannot, therefore, be independent of the tree branch voltages.
A common analysis approach is to solve for loop currents rather than branch currents. The branch currents are then found in terms of the loop currents. Again, the set of loop currents cannot be chosen arbitrarily. To guarantee a set of independent variables the loop currents must be those associated with a certain set of loops. This set of loops consists of those loops formed by replacing a single link of a given tree of the graph of the circuit to be analysed. Since replacing a single link in a tree forms exactly one unique loop, the number of loop currents so defined is equal to "l". The term "loop" in this context is not the same as the usual meaning of loop in graph theory. The set of branches forming a given loop is called a tie set.Guillemin was a leading figure in the development and teaching of linear network analysis (Wildes and Lindgren, pp.154–159).</ref> The set of network equations are formed by equating the loop currents to the algebraic sum of the tie set branch currents.
It is possible to choose a set of independent loop currents without reference to the trees and tie sets. A sufficient, but not necessary, condition for choosing a set of independent loops is to ensure that each chosen loop includes at least one branch that was not previously included by loops already chosen. A particularly straightforward choice is that used in mesh analysis in which the loops are all chosen to be meshes. Mesh analysis can only be applied if it is possible to map the graph on to a plane or a sphere without any of the branches crossing over. Such graphs are called planar graphs. Ability to map onto a plane or a sphere are equivalent conditions. Any finite graph mapped onto a plane can be shrunk until it will map onto a small region of a sphere. Conversely, a mesh of any graph mapped onto a sphere can be stretched until the space inside it occupies nearly all of the sphere. The entire graph then occupies only a small region of the sphere. This is the same as the first case, hence the graph will also map onto a plane.Suresh p.514</ref>
There is an approach to choosing network variables with voltages which is analogous and dual to the loop current method. Here the voltage associated with pairs of nodes are the primary variables and the branch voltages are found in terms of them. In this method also, a particular tree of the graph must be chosen in order to ensure that all the variables are independent. The dual of the tie set is the cut set. A tie set is formed by allowing all but one of the graph links to be open circuit. A cut set is formed by allowing all but one of the tree branches to be short circuit. The cut set consists of the tree branch which was not short-circuited and any of the links which are not short-circuited by the other tree branches. A cut set of a graph produces two disjoint subgraphs, that is, it cuts the graph into two parts, and is the minimum set of branches needed to do so. The set of network equations are formed by equating the node pair voltages to the algebraic sum of the cut set branch voltages. The dual of the special case of mesh analysis is nodal analysis.Suresh, p.518, pp.523–528</ref>
Nullity and rank.
The nullity, "N", of a graph with "s" separate parts and "b" branches is defined by;
The nullity of a graph represents the number of degrees of freedom of its set of network equations. For a planar graph, the nullity is equal to the number of meshes in the graph.
The rank, "R" of a graph is defined by;
Rank plays the same role in nodal analysis as nullity plays in mesh analysis. That is, it gives the number of node voltage equations required. Rank and nullity are dual concepts and are related by;
Solving the network variables.
Once a set of geometrically independent variables have been chosen the state of the network is expressed in terms of these. The result is a set of independent linear equations which need to be solved simultaneously in order to find the values of the network variables. This set of equations can be expressed in a matrix format which leads to a characteristic parameter matrix for the network. Parameter matrices take the form of an impedance matrix if the equations have been formed on a loop-analysis basis, or as an admittance matrix if the equations have been formed on a node-analysis basis.
These equations can be solved in a number of well-known ways. One method is the systematic elimination of variables. Another method involves the use of determinants. This is known as Cramer's rule and provides a direct expression for the unknown variable in terms of determinants. This is useful in that it provides a compact expression for the solution. However, for anything more than the most trivial networks, a greater calculation effort is required for this method when working manually.
Duality.
Two graphs are dual when the relationship between branches and node pairs in one is the same as the relationship between branches and loops in the other. The dual of a graph can be found entirely by a graphical method.Suresh, pp.516–517</ref>
The dual of a graph is another graph. For a given tree in a graph, the complementary set of branches (i.e., the branches not in the tree) form a tree in the dual graph. The set of current loop equations associated with the tie sets of the original graph and tree are identical to the set of voltage node-pair equations associated with the cut sets of the dual graph.Suresh, p.517</ref>
The following table lists dual concepts in topology related to circuit theory.Foster, p.313</ref>
The dual of a tree is sometimes called a maze It consists of spaces connected by links in the same way that the tree consists of nodes connected by tree branches.
Duals cannot be formed for every graph. Duality requires that every tie set has a dual cut set in the dual graph. This condition is met if and only if the graph is mappable on to a sphere with no branches crossing. To see this, note that a tie set is required to "tie off" a graph into two portions and its dual, the cut set, is required to cut a graph into two portions. The graph of a finite network which will not map on to a sphere will require an "n"-fold torus. A tie set that passes through a hole in a torus will fail to tie the graph into two parts. Consequently, the dual graph will not be cut into two parts and will not contain the required cut set. Consequently, only planar graphs have duals.Suresh, p.517</ref>
Duals also cannot be formed for networks containing mutual inductances since there is no corresponding capacitive element. Equivalent circuits can be developed which do have duals, but the dual cannot be formed of a mutual inductance directly.
Node and mesh elimination.
Operations on a set of network equations have a topological meaning which can aid visualisation of what is happening. Elimination of a node voltage from a set of network equations corresponds topologically to the elimination of that node from the graph. For a node connected to three other nodes, this corresponds to the well known Y-Δ transform. The transform can be extended to greater numbers of connected nodes and is then known as the star-mesh transform.
The inverse of this transform is the Δ-Y transform which analytically corresponds to the elimination of a mesh current and topologically corresponds to the elimination of a mesh. However, elimination of a mesh current whose mesh has branches in common with an arbitrary number of other meshes will not, in general, result in a realisable graph. This is because the graph of the transform of the general star is a graph which will not map on to a sphere (it contains star polygons and hence multiple crossovers). The dual of such a graph cannot exist, but is the graph required to represent a generalised mesh elimination.
Mutual coupling.
In conventional graph representation of circuits, there is no means of explicitly representing mutual inductive couplings, such as occurs in a transformer, and such components may result in a disconnected graph with more than one separate part. For convenience of analysis, a graph with multiple parts can be combined into a single graph by unifying one node in each part into a single node. This makes no difference to the theoretical behaviour of the circuit so analysis carried out on it is still valid. It would, however, make a practical difference if a circuit were to be implemented this way in that it would destroy the isolation between the parts. An example would be a transformer earthed on both the primary and secondary side. The transformer still functions as a transformer with the same voltage ratio but can now no longer be used as an isolation transformer.
More recent techniques in graph theory are able to deal with active components, which are also problematic in conventional theory. These new techniques are also able to deal with mutual couplings.
Active components.
There are two basic approaches available for dealing with mutual couplings and active components. In the first of these, Samuel Jefferson Mason in 1953 introduced signal-flow graphs. Signal-flow graphs are weighted, directed graphs. He used these to analyse circuits containing mutual couplings and active networks. The weight of a directed edge in these graphs represents a gain, such as possessed by an amplifier. In general, signal-flow graphs, unlike the regular directed graphs described above, do not correspond to the topology of the physical arrangement of components.
The second approach is to extend the classical method so that it includes mutual couplings and active components. Several methods have been proposed for achieving this. In one of these, two graphs are constructed, one representing the currents in the circuit and the other representing the voltages. Passive components will have identical branches in both trees but active components may not. The method relies on identifying spanning trees that are common to both graphs. An alternative method of extending the classical approach which requires only one graph was proposed by Chen in 1965. Chen's method is based on a rooted tree.
Hypergraphs.
Another way of extending classical graph theory for active components is through the use of hypergraphs. Some electronic components are not represented naturally using graphs. The transistor has three connection points, but a normal graph branch may only connect to two nodes. Modern integrated circuits have many more connections than this. This problem can be overcome by using hypergraphs instead of regular graphs.
In a conventional representation components are represented by edges, each of which connects to two nodes. In a hypergraph, components are represented by hyperedges which can connect to an arbitrary number of nodes. Hyperedges have "tentacles" which connect the hyperedge to the nodes. The graphical representation of a hyperedge may be a box (compared to the edge which is a line) and the representations of its tentacles are lines from the box to the connected nodes. In a directed hypergraph, the tentacles carry labels which are determined by the hyperedge's label. A conventional directed graph can be thought of as a hypergraph with hyperedges each of which has two tentacles. These two tentacles are labelled "source" and "target" and usually indicated by an arrow. In a general hypergraph with more tentacles, more complex labelling will be required.
Hypergraphs can be characterised by their incidence matrices. A regular graph containing only two-terminal components will have exactly two non-zero entries in each row. Any incidence matrix with more than two non-zero entries in any row is a representation of a hypergraph. The number of non-zero entries in a row is the "rank" of the corresponding branch, and the highest branch rank is the rank of the incidence matrix.
Non-homogeneous variables.
Classical network analysis develops a set of network equations whose network variables are homogeneous in either current (loop analysis) or voltage (node analysis). The set of network variables so found is not necessarily the minimum necessary to form a set of independent equations. There may be a difference between the number of variables in a loop analysis to a node analysis. In some cases the minimum number possible may be less than either of these if the requirement for homogeneity is relaxed and a mix of current and voltage variables allowed. A result from Kishi and Katajini in 1967 is that the absolute minimum number of variables required to describe the behaviour of the network is given by the maximum distance between any two spanning forests of the network graph.
Network synthesis.
Graph theory can be applied to network synthesis. Classical network synthesis realises the required network in one of a number of canonical forms. Examples of canonical forms are the realisation of a driving-point impedance by Cauer's canonical ladder network or Foster's canonical form or Brune's realisation of an immittance from his positive-real functions. Topological methods, on the other hand, do not start from a given canonical form. Rather, the form is a result of the mathematical representation. Some canonical forms require mutual inductances for their realisation. A major aim of topological methods of network synthesis has been to eliminate the need for these mutual inductances. One theorem to come out of topology is that a realisation of a driving-point impedance without mutual couplings is minimal if and only if there are no all-inductor or all-capacitor loops. 
Graph theory is at its most powerful in network synthesis when the elements of the network can be represented by real numbers (one-element-kind networks such as resistive networks) or binary states (such as switching networks).
Infinite networks.
Perhaps, the earliest network with an infinite graph to be studied was the ladder network used to represent transmission lines developed, in its final form, by Oliver Heaviside in 1881. Certainly all early studies of infinite networks were limited to periodic structures such as ladders or grids with the same elements repeated over and over. It was not until the late 20th century that tools for analysing infinite networks with an arbitrary topology became available.Zemanian, p.vii</ref>
Infinite networks are largely of only theoretical interest and are the plaything of mathematicians. Infinite networks that are not constrained by real-world restrictions can have some very unphysical properties. For instance Kirchhoff's laws can fail in some cases and infinite resistor ladders can be defined which have a driving-point impedance which depends on the termination at infinity. Another unphysical property of theoretical infinite networks is that, in general, they will dissipate infinite power unless constraints are placed on them in addition to the usual network laws such as Ohm's and Kirchhoff's laws. There are, however, some real-world applications. The transmission line example is one of a class of practical problems that can be modelled by infinitesimal elements (the distributed element model). Other examples are launching waves into a continuous medium, fringing field problems, and measurement of resistance between points of a substrate or down a borehole.
Transfinite networks extend the idea of infinite networks even further. A node at an extremity of an infinite network can have another branch connected to it leading to another network. This new network can itself be infinite. Thus, topologies can be constructed which have pairs of nodes with no finite path between them. Such networks of infinite networks are called transfinite networks.

</doc>
<doc id="19103786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103786" title="Fox Theater, Westwood Village">
Fox Theater, Westwood Village

The Fox Theater, Westwood Village, also known as the Fox Village Theater, is a historic, landmark cinema in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, in the Westwood Village. It is currently operated by Regency Theaters under the name Regency Village Theater. The theater has been one of the leading film premiere theaters in the history of cinema. 
History.
Designed by architect Percy Parke Lewis the Fox opened on August 14, 1931 part of a widespread cinema construction program undertaken by Fox West Coast Theatres. The Fox Theater quickly became the most recognizable symbol of the new Westwood Village, a Mediterranean-style village development adjoining the University of California Los Angeles planned by Harold and Edwin Janss of the Janss Investment Company.
The Fox was destined to become famous for the many Hollywood movie premieres held there and still to this day is one of the main venues for movie premieres in Los Angeles.
Architectural features.
The most striking feature of the Fox Theater is the iconic 170-foot 
white Spanish Revival/Moderne tower which looms over the Broxton and Weyburn Avenues intersection. Atop the tower is a blue and white metal Art Deco “Fox” sign, which was renovated in the late 1980s.
Halfway up the tower there are carved winged lions which sit at the base of projecting columns. At the bottom of the tower just above the entrance is a blue and white sign with the legend "Fox Westwood Village". By night the elegant white tower literally becomes a beacon with its signs and the shaft of the tower illuminated.
The rectangular cinema building immediately behind the tower features long rows of Churrigueresque stucco decorations. Perched atop the corners of the building stand carved griffins.
Interior.
Seating capacity in the cinema is for approximately 1,400 people. The interior of the theater was remodeled during the period of the late 1940s to early 1950s. The lobby and exits were upgraded and California Gold Rush artwork was added in the lobby. Golden flourishes were added near the stage areas. National General Theatres, the former Fox Theatres-West Coast, sold the theater to Ted Mann, then owner of the Chinese Theatre, and became part of the Mann Theatres chain.
In the late 1970s new 70mm projection equipment was installed and a larger screen added. The Fox Westwood Village has a reputation for top quality sound and projection. The most recent re-modeling was about 1998-1999 with the theater getting new seating and carpet.
In 1988 the Fox Theater was designated by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission as an Historic Cultural Monument (HCM #362). When Mann Theatres went out of business, Regency Theatres purchased both the Village Theater and a multiplex cinema at "The Plant" in Van Nuys, California in 2010.
With on-going efforts to re-vitalize Westwood Village, the Fox Theater continues to be a major drawcard and asset for the area.
Movie premieres.
The Fox Village Theatre is typically thought of as one of if not the best movie premiere venue in the world. For 60 years some of the biggest films in cinema have premiered at the theatre including: "A Star Is Born", James Bond, "JFK", "", "Batman", Harry Potter, "Independence Day", "The Terminator", "The Lego Movie" and hundreds of others. Typically the streets get shut down and are used for red carpet arrivals.

</doc>
<doc id="19103789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103789" title="1980 South American Championships (tennis)">
1980 South American Championships (tennis)

The 1980 South American Championships was a tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that was part of the 1980 Volvo Grand Prix and started on November 17, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19103791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103791" title="Bert Leboe">
Bert Leboe

Bert Raymond Leboe (13 August 1909 – 11 December 1980) was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Bawlf, Alberta, he was a lumberman by career, becoming director of Leboe Brothers Sawmills Ltd.
He was first elected at the Cariboo riding in the 1953 general election and re-elected there in 1957. After a defeat in the 1958 federal election, Leboe returned to Parliament by winning the Cariboo riding in 1962, then was re-elected in 1963 and 1965. After the Cariboo riding was eliminated in a late-1960s electoral boundary realignment, Leboe was a candidate at Prince George—Peace River in the 1968 election where he was defeated by Robert Borrie of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19103816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103816" title="George Chatterton">
George Chatterton

George Louis Chatterton (16 January 1916 – 9 July 1983) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an agrologist by career. 
He was first elected at the Esquimalt—Saanich riding in a 29 May 1961 by-election, then elected for a full term in Parliament there in the 1962 federal election. After two further re-elections in 1963 and 1965, Chatterton was defeated by David Anderson of the Liberal party in the 1968 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19103823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103823" title="Tumcha River">
Tumcha River

Tumcha River () is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is in length. The area of its basin is . The river originates in the merger Kutsayoki River and Tuntsayoki River and flows into the Iova Reservoir which in turn is part of the Kovda River basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19103828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103828" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1961 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1961 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1961. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1961. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19103830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103830" title="Switzerland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Switzerland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Switzerland sent a delegation of 26 athletes (17 male, 9 female) to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The stated goal was to win a minimum of 11 medals and finish the games among the top 50 nations. Swiss athletes competed in 6 sports at the Beijing games and performed as follows:
Archery.
3 competitors:
Athletics.
14 competitors:
12-time Paralympic gold medallist Heinz Frei also competed in cycling.<br>
Sprinter Simon Vögeli was excluded after a pre-games classification concluded that his disability did not fit Paralympic criteria. A protest by the Swiss delegation was rejected. As a consequence of that decision, Switzerland also had to withdraw their respective 4x100m relay team for lack of participants.
"Pentathlon"
Cycling.
5 competitors:
"Time trials & Road races"
"Pursuits"
"Time trials & Road races"
Shooting.
1 competitor:
Men
Swimming.
1 competitor:
Wheelchair Tennis.
3 competitors:

</doc>
<doc id="19103863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103863" title="David Vaughan Pugh">
David Vaughan Pugh

David Vaughan Pugh (27 November 1907 – 21 June 2005) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Okotoks, Alberta and had a career as a barrister, solicitor and insurance agent.
Pugh was educated at Trinity College School, Brentwood College and the University of British Columbia, from which he graduated in 1934. He then obtained his law degree from Osgoode Hall Law School and was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society.
He was first elected at the Okanagan Boundary riding in the 1958 general election after an unsuccessful bid for the seat in 1957. Pugh was re-elected there in 1962, 1963 and 1965. He was defeated in the 1968 election by Bruce Howard of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19103881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103881" title="1981 South American Championships (tennis)">
1981 South American Championships (tennis)

The 1981 South American Championships was a men's tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was the 15th edition of the tournament and was played on outdoor clay courts. The tournament was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix and started on November 16, 1981. Ivan Lendl won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19103884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103884" title="Val Rendena">
Val Rendena

Val Rendena is the valley of the Sarca river in Trentino, northern Italy. The valley is part of the Giudicarie.
Main towns include Spiazzo Rendena and Pinzolo.

</doc>
<doc id="19103888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103888" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1960 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1960 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1960. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1960. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19103889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103889" title="Elmer Forbes">
Elmer Forbes

Richard Elmer Forbes (5 December 1894 – 9 December 1978) was a Progressive Conservative party
member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Bruce County, Ontario and became a farmer and registered seed grower by career.
He was first elected at the Dauphin riding in the 1958 general election after an initial unsuccessful attempt to win the seat in 1953. Elmer Forbes was re-elected in 1962, 1963 and 1965. After completing his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament in 1968, Forbes left federal politics and did not seek another term in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19103898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103898" title="Girls' School (film)">
Girls' School (film)

"Girls' School" is a 1938 comedy film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by John Brahm and based upon a Tess Slesinger story.
Plot.
The film revolves around wealthy high school teenagers who are sent to a boarding school to learn proper etiquette. One of the girls causes a scandal when she stays out all night, then announces on planning to elope with a boy. She gets in trouble when the faculty finds out through a monitor's report from a reluctant poor girl attending on scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="19103900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103900" title="Hal Warnock">
Hal Warnock

Harold Charles Warnock (January 6, 1912 to February 8, 1997) was a Major League Baseball player. Warnock played for the St. Louis Browns in the 1935 season. In six games, he had two hits, both of them doubles, with two runs scored. He batted left-handed and he threw right-handed. He was born in New York, New York and died in Tucson, Arizona. 
Warnock attended the University of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="19103927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103927" title="Siegfried Enns">
Siegfried Enns

Siegfried John "Sig" Enns (born 26 April 1924) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a social worker by career.
He was first elected at the Portage—Neepawa riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963 and 1965. With riding boundary changes, Enns sought re-election at the Portage riding for the 1968 election but was defeated by Gerald Cobbe of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19103933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103933" title="Dianne M. Keller">
Dianne M. Keller

Dianne Michelle Keller is an American politician and a former Mayor of Wasilla, Alaska. 
Keller was born in Anchorage. She was elected as the Mayor of Wasilla in 2002 and re-elected in 2005. She survived a no-confidence vote in July 2008. She is a member of the Alaska Republican Party, and publicly endorsed Sarah Palin's candidacy for Vice-President in the 2008 U.S. Presidential election. Her term expired in October 2008.
She was featured on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" on October 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19103934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103934" title="Portage Point Inn Complex">
Portage Point Inn Complex

Portage Point Inn Complex is a resort hotel located at the western end of Portage Lake at Portage Point, Michigan. In October 1985, this 1902 resort hotel and its associated buildings was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19103940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103940" title="Trinity Chapel (disambiguation)">
Trinity Chapel (disambiguation)

Trinity Chapel is a chapel within Canterbury Cathedral.
Trinity Chapel may also refer:

</doc>
<doc id="19103945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103945" title="Andrew Chatwood">
Andrew Chatwood

Andrew Chatwood (born 3 July 1932 at St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an administrative supervisor by career.
He was first elected at the Grand Falls—White Bay—Labrador riding in a 19 September 1966 by-election, but defeated there in the 1968 federal election by Ambrose Peddle of the Progressive Conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="19103954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103954" title="Seppuku Paradigm">
Seppuku Paradigm

Seppuku Paradigm is a French electronica/film music/rock group. They are currently based in Paris, France.
Their band name was inspired by the self given death of Japanese author Yukio Mishima who, after a failed coup d'état, committed suicide according to ancient Japanese tradition (seppuku or hara kiri) as a gesture of public protest.
Composed of brothers Cortes namely Alex (guitar/programming) and Willie (vocals/drums/bass/programming), Seppuku Paradigm was formed in 2005.
Before forming the group Willie had released a debut solo album in 2004 on a major label (Willie Cortez -' FARSUCT'/Delabel/EMI). Alex, who is a former member of French collective 'Downliners Sekt' (The Pledge EP /Bloom Records) also appeared live and in studio alongside Willie for the FARSUCT project (live performances included festivals "Printemps de Bourges", "Transmusicales" and opening act for Buck 65 at "Elysée Montmartre" in Paris). 
In 2007 the duo independently released their first effort (Unedited/Unreviewed EP).
The same year the band wrote/produced 3 exclusive songs for Julien Séri's latest film 'SCORPION'.
Their first full original soundtrack was for Franck Vestiel's first film 'EDEN LOG' (released in French theaters on Dec 26 2007;bought for the US by Magnet).
In 2008 they composed the score to Pascal Laugier’s very controversial second film ‘MARTYRS’(out in France September 2008/bought for US release by the Weinstein Company).
Their latest work to date is the original soundtrack for ‘RED NIGHTS’ by directors Julien Carbon and Laurent Courtiaud for which they won the 'Best Original Soundtrack' award at the Sitges Film Festival in 2010.
Discography.
Seppuku Paradigm - Unedited/Unreviewed EP (2007/Label:Farsuct Global Communication/Dist:Wild Palms Music)
Filmography.
Additional music (3 songs) for 'SCORPION' (2007/Dir:Julien Séri /Prod:Imperia Films/Dist:Bac Films/Country:France)
Full original soundtrack for 'EDEN LOG' (2007/Dir:Franck Vestiel/Prod:Imperia Films/Dist:Bac Films/Country:France)
Full original soundtrack for ‘MARTYRS’ (2008/Dir:Pascal Laugier/Prod:Eskwad/Dist:Wild Bunch/Country:France/Canada)
Full original soundtrack for ‘RED NIGHTS’ (2009/Dir:Julien Carbon and Laurent Courtiaud/Prod:Red East Pictures/Dist:Film Distribution/Country:Hong Kong/France)
Short films.
Full original soundtrack for ‘Welcome to Hoxford (Fan Film)’ (2011/Dir: Julien Mokrani & Samuel Bodin /Prod:Six Pieds Sur Terre/Country:France)
Full original soundtrack for ‘On The Other Side’ (2010/Dir:Robin Veret /Prod:Rez Creative Labs/Country:Canada)
Awards.
2010- Best Original Soundtrack for 'RED NIGHTS'- Sitges International Fantastic Film Festival.
Other.
Music for the official trailer of the game FAR CRY 2’ released by UBI SOFT (MONTREAL - CANADA).(2008)

</doc>
<doc id="19103963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103963" title="Joseph O'Keefe">
Joseph O'Keefe

Joseph Phillip O'Keefe (26 May 1909 – 2 September 1995) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an executive, manager/owner, supermarket and merchant by career. He was born in St John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
He was first elected at the St. John's East riding in the 1963 general election, then re-elected for a second term in 1965. O'Keefe left Parliament after his defeat to James McGrath of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1968 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19103985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103985" title="Conference on Information Technology, Organisations and Teams">
Conference on Information Technology, Organisations and Teams

The Conference on Information Technology, Organisations and Teams (CITOT) was held in 2007 and 2009.
In this conference, Information Technology and its application in organizations and teams is discussed. Subjects like evolution of Web technologies, small display devices as well as mobile and groupware systems are also subject of analysis and discussion.
CITOT 2007 conference received 35 papers. From those papers 10 were accepted as full and small papers, 3 were accepted as posters and 4 as workshop papers (2 workshops). The conference also has a workshop with a tutorial presentation about web Services and PHP (Bruno Pedro) and one invited speaker (Paulo Trezentos, Caixa Magica).
In 2007, the program committee included members from Europe, America, Australia and Africa:
Anders Morch, University of Oslo (Norway),
Carina Ihlstrom Eriksson, University College of Halmstad (Sweden),
Carlos J. Costa, ISCTE(Portugal),
Clay Spinuzzi, University of Texas at Austin (USA),
Gitesh K. Raikundalia, Victoria University, Australia,
Hanne Westh Nicolajsen, Technical University of Denmark (Denmark),
Jose Leopoldo Nhampossa, Eduardo Mondlane University (Mozambique),
Kalogiannakis Michail, University Paris 5 (France) and
Petter Nielsen, Telenor (Norway)
In 2007, the reviewers were:
António Maia, Universidade Aberta, Lisboa (Portugal),
Manuela Aparício, ATML, Lisboa (Portugal),
Mario Tavares, ISCTE, Lisboa (Portugal),
Silvia Jorge, Loures Municipality, Lisboa (Portugal) and
Stephen Burgess, Victoria University (Australia)
In 2007, Organization Committee was composed of:
Manuela Aparício, ATML, Lisboa (Portugal),
Pedro Costa, IADE (Instituto de Artes Visuais, Design e Marketing), Lisboa (Portugal),
Rita Coruche, Lusocredito (Portugal) and
Maria Filomena Pereira, Lusocredito (Portugal).
CITOT 2007 was sponored by LaSDI - Laboratory of Simulation and Dynamic Interaction, from ADETTI. CITOT 2009 was sponserd by ERP/ITML project.

</doc>
<doc id="19104006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104006" title="Vern Olsen">
Vern Olsen

Vern Jarl Olsen (March 16, 1918 – July 13, 1989) was an American professional baseball player, a left-handed pitcher who appeared in 112 Major League games for the Chicago Cubs (1939–1942; 1946). The native of Hillsboro, Oregon, stood tall and weighed . He served in the United States Navy in the Pacific Theater of Operations during World War II and missed three full seasons at the peak of his career.
Olsen had considerable success before the war. During his three seasons in minor league baseball (1937–1939) he won 23, 19 and 18 games (losing a total of only 30 contests) before his recall to the Cubs in September 1939. After four scoreless relief appearances in the closing days of the season, Olsen then made the Cubs' 1940 roster and, after more success as a reliever, began taking a regular turn in the Chicago starting rotation in July 1940. On August 22, he threw a complete-game, two-hit shutout against the Brooklyn Dodgers, contributing two hits to the winning cause himself as the Cubs won, 5–0, at Wrigley Field. He would throw three other shutouts, finishing third in the National League in that category in 1940, post a 13–9 record, and finish fifth in the league in earned run average (2.97), with nine total complete games.
In , Olsen won ten of 18 decisions in 37 games pitched and 23 starting assignments, with ten more complete games and a 3.15 earned run average. His performance declined somewhat in , as he posted a losing record and his ERA climbed to 4.49. He then entered military service, returning for the season. But he was plagued by a sore arm and was able to appear in only seven more professional games, five with the 1946 Cubs and two more in the minors in 1947. He died in Maywood, Illinois, at the age of 71.
During his Major League career, Olsen gave up 547 hits and 192 bases on balls in 516 innings pitched, with 201 strikeouts, 23 complete games, seven shutouts and two saves. Sixty of his 112 games pitched came as a starter.

</doc>
<doc id="19104010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104010" title="1975 Miami Dolphins season">
1975 Miami Dolphins season

The 1975 Miami Dolphins season was the team's tenth, and sixth in the National Football League. Although they tied for the division title at 10–4 with the Baltimore Colts, the Colts won the tiebreaker in 1975 with a sweep of both games. The sole wild card in the conference was Cincinnati at 11–3, so the Dolphins missed the playoffs for the first time since 1969.
The 1975 Dolphins were without running backs Larry Csonka and Jim Kiick and wide receiver Paul Warfield. They signed three-year contracts with the Memphis Southmen in March 1974 to play in the World Football League, beginning in 1975. The second-year league folded in the season's twelfth week, and the trio returned to the NFL in 1976 with other teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19104015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104015" title="Someday (Younha album)">
Someday (Younha album)

Someday is Younha's second Korean album, released on August 28, 2008. It is her first album to include an entirely English track (My Song and...).

</doc>
<doc id="19104037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104037" title="Art Bader">
Art Bader

Arthur Herman "Art" Bader (September 21, 1886 – April 15, 1957) was a Major League Baseball player. Bader played for the St. Louis Browns in the 1904 season. In two games, he had no hits in three at-bats, playing the outfield. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Bader was born and died in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19104042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104042" title="Vic Keen">
Vic Keen

Howard Victor Keen (March 16, 1899 in Bel Air, Maryland – December 10, 1976 in Salisbury, Maryland), was a Major League Baseball player who pitched from to , for the Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Athletics, and St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19104047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104047" title="James Roy Tucker">
James Roy Tucker

James Roy Tucker (25 December 1909 – 22 September 1987) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Burnt Point, Newfoundland and Labrador, he was a manager and merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Trinity—Conception riding in the 1958 general election then was re-elected there in 1962, 1963 and 1965. With riding boundary changes, Tucker was a candidate at the Bonavista—Trinity—Conception riding in the 1968 federal election but was defeated by Frank Moores of the Progressive Conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="19104049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104049" title="1982 Grand Prix la Serenisima (tennis)">
1982 Grand Prix la Serenisima (tennis)

The 1982 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that started on February 1, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19104056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104056" title="1975 New Orleans Saints season">
1975 New Orleans Saints season

The 1975 New Orleans Saints season was the Saints ninth season and their first in the newly opened Louisiana Superdome.
Despite the new stadium, they failed to match their output of 5–9, winning only two games and tying the San Diego Chargers for the league’s worst record.

</doc>
<doc id="19104068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104068" title="Loveman's">
Loveman's

Loveman's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19104077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104077" title="1975 Houston Oilers season">
1975 Houston Oilers season

The 1975 Houston Oilers season was the team's 16th year, and sixth in the National Football League.
Although Houston's 10–4 record did not allow them to make the playoffs in a strong AFC Central division, it was a three-win improvement over their previous season, and the franchise's best record since 1962.
Offseason.
"Bum" Phillips replaced Sid Gillman as head coach and general manager.
Regular season.
The team achieved a winning record with ten wins and four losses, but finished only third in the division and missed the playoffs for the sixth consecutive season.
Awards and records.
Milestones.
The Houston Oilers were the last NFL team to finally win a game against the NFC, since the AFL/NFL merge happened in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19104079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104079" title="Pedro Santa Cecilia">
Pedro Santa Cecilia

Pedro Santa Cecilia García (born 10 March 1984), known as simply Pedro, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Auckland City FC in New Zealand, as a right midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Gijón, Asturias, Pedro made his professional debut with hometown's Sporting de Gijón on 12 February 2006, in a 0–0 away draw against Recreativo de Huelva. He went on to become an important midfield element in the subsequent seasons, playing 37 games in 2007–08 as Sporting returned to La Liga after a 10-year hiatus.
Pedro first appeared in the top level on 31 August 2008, 11 minutes in a 1–2 home loss to Getafe CF. During the season he was featured in 17 matches, almost always as a substitute, and played almost no part in the 2009–10 campaign as the club again managed to maintain its top division status, being released in June 2010.
On 6 September 2010 Pedro signed a one-year contract with Albacete Balompié in the second division, being released only three 1/2 months after. In August of the following year he moved abroad and penned a one-year deal (with the option for a further season) with R. Charleroi SC, in the Belgian Second Division.
On 11 October 2012, after rescinding his contract with the club and having appeared in only one Pro League game, Pedro signed for Auckland City FC in New Zealand, joining several compatriots including manager Ramon Tribulietx.

</doc>
<doc id="19104087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104087" title="Sarah Young">
Sarah Young

Sarah Young may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19104088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104088" title="Paddy Croke">
Paddy Croke

Paddy Croke played in the 1961 All Ireland Hurling Final on the Dublin team against Tipperary. Paddy is originally from Tipperary.
Personal life.
Paddy was married to Margaret Croke.
Death.
Paddy died from a heart attack in August 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19104089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104089" title="John Benjamin Stewart">
John Benjamin Stewart

John Benjamin Stewart (born 19 November 1924 at Antigonish, Nova Scotia) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an author, expert on parliamentary procedure and professor by career.
He was first elected at the Antigonish—Guysborough riding in the 1962 general election then re-elected there in 1963 and 1965. After riding boundary changes, Stewart campaigned for a seat at South Western Nova in the 1968 election but lost to Louis-Roland Comeau of the Progressive Conservative party.
During his terms in Parliament, Stewart was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Public Works from 1966 to 1968. He also served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Secretary of State for External Affairs in 1963 and 1964, then Parliamentary Secretary to the Secretary of State of Canada until 1965.
Stewart was appointed to the Senate of Canada in January 1984 where he remained in that offics until November 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19104090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104090" title="George Pierce (baseball)">
George Pierce (baseball)

George Thomas Pierce (January 10, 1888 in Shabbona Grove, Illinois – October 11, 1935 in Joliet, Illinois) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in the majors, from to , for the Chicago Cubs and St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19104092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104092" title="Titovka River">
Titovka River

Titovka River (, ) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 83 km in length. The Titovka River originates in the Koškajavr and flows into the Motovsky Gulf of Barents Sea. Its biggest tributary is the Valasjoki.

</doc>
<doc id="19104102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104102" title="Barbara (1997 film)">
Barbara (1997 film)

Barbara is a 1997 Danish drama film directed by Nils Malmros and stars Anneke von der Lippe and Lars Simonsen. Adapted from the classic Danish novel by Faroese writer Jørgen-Frantz Jacobsen, the film is about a minister in the 18th century who is captivated by the overt sexuality of a promiscuous woman and marries her. Set in the Faroe Islands, the film was Malmros' first diversion from his usual subject of adolescents in Århus, and his own experiences.
Malmros describes "Barbara" as "a melodrama -a depiction of grandiose feelings set against a magnificent natural background, told with a wonderfully ironic undertone." 
Plot.
The aptly named ship Fortuna arrives in Tórshavn, bringing Poul (Lars Simonsen), the new pastor for the parish of Vágar, and the populace has gathered for the event. Among them is Barbara (Anneke von der Lippe), the widow of two former pastors for whose untimely deaths she is blamed by many. Pastor Poul is warned about her but falls for her charms, despite the fact that when three French ships come to port she follows the example of most of the other women in the town and allows herself to be seduced by a French sailor. As the widow of the parish, she has a house of her own on Vágar, and she and Poul leave for their respective homes there. Inevitably, they marry, but when in Tórshavn on a subsequent visit, Barbara meets and falls for the foppish Andreas Heyde (Peter Reichhardt), on a research trip from Copenhagen. Poul persuades Barbara to leave with him; however, when Christmas approaches he feels duty-bound to visit the outlying island of Mykines, despite Barbara's entreaties that he not do so. Andreas has now arrived nearby to spend Christmas at the home of the chief magistrate of the island. Despite his misgivings, Poul answers the call of duty, hoping to return almost immediately, but he is delayed by the weather for eleven days, and on his return he discovers that Barbara has left for Tórshavn with Andreas. After a confrontation between Poul and Andreas, instigated by Gabriel, Andreas is finally persuaded to leave for Copenhagen, without Barbara, and she makes a desperate and futile attempt to reach his ship, once more the Fortuna, as it leaves.
Awards.
"Barbara" received the Audience Award at the Rouen Nordic Film Festival as well as the 1998 Robert Award for Best Film. It was Denmark's submission for the 1998 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film. The film was also entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19104104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104104" title="Allodesmus">
Allodesmus

Allodesmus is an extinct genus of pinniped from the Miocene and related to the genus "Desmatophoca". It measured about long and weighed . "Allodesmus" had the specific anatomical features found in modern polygynous pinnipeds: sexual dimorphism, strong canines for fights between bulls and teeth with well-defined growth zones, a result from periodic fasting (in order to defend their harem, males would not take to the sea to feed during the breeding season). 

</doc>
<doc id="19104109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104109" title="Football Manager 2009">
Football Manager 2009

Football Manager 2009 (abbreviated to Football Manager 09 or FM09) is a football manager simulation video game. It was released on PC, Mac and PlayStation Portable on 14 November 2008 in Europe and on 18 November 2008 in North America. As in the case of other recent releases in the "Football Manager" series, the game is sold as Worldwide Soccer Manager 2009 in the United States and Canada.
The demo of the game was released on 2 November via the News of the World, BitTorrent and Steam. An Arsenal-branded version of the game has also been released.
New features.
Some of the new features and box art for the game were announced via a series of videos on 3 September 2008, other new features have been released via a series of podcasts and online blogs. It is the first game in the series to be released on DVD-ROM rather than on CD-ROM.
The main new feature to the game is the 3D match engine. This can now be watched fullscreen, with a widescreen option available. Other features include being able to play as a female or male manager, improvements to the interaction between the manager and his assistant manager, improved mid-match team talks and tactics, training players to have preferred moves and transfer rumours. The player rating will have a decimal point, e.g. 6.8 or 8.3 instead of 7 or 8. There will also be press conferences, where you can build up a rapport with the journalists, and the finance and transfer systems have been completely reworked. The game is set to feature more players than ever before, with over 350,000 in the database at the time of the game's announcement. The PC version has a skin similar to the one used in Football Manager 2008.
The handheld version will include a 2D match engine for the first time, and the game will be shipped with two skins; a light and a dark alternative.
The game suffered setbacks on and before launch day, most notably many users found themselves unable to activate the game due to servers providing activation for the DRM system coming under distributed denial of service attacks.
Playable national teams.
All national teams are playable with the exceptions of Germany and Japan for licensing reasons.
Steam powered.
Sports Interactive have announced that the game will be downloadable using the Steam content delivery system. This will allow gamers to have their games automatically patched to the latest version of the game. Miles Jacobson, the studio director at Sports Interactive, said "It gives us the opportunity for all of our games players to get any patches or updates that we make available quickly and easily, as well as a place for us to host any other downloads, such as demos and promotional videos, with super fast broadband speeds for download, and no issues with bandwidth, which we are hit with each time we release a demo". The Steam version of the game retains the Uniloc copy protection with its 5 activation limit.
Demo.
There were two "flavours" of the demo. Vanilla was a stripped down version with limited number of players. The Strawberry demo was a full-fledged game with most of the features that would be on the original game with a gameplay limit of half a season.
Issues and problems.
Activation problems.
Up release, many buyers had problems with the game's copy protection. A printing error on the manuals caused the keys to be difficult to read and there were distributed denial of service attacks on the Uniloc activation servers that prevented purchasers from activating their games. Since the provided telephone activation lines were also ran using the activation servers, they were also out of action. In response, SEGA issued a press release apologising for the problems faced by purchasers.
As of May 2011 the Game can No Longer be activated as the Site that Deals with Product Activation of Football Manager 2009 has Shut Down.
Bugs and patches.
A patch was also released on 14 November 2008, for the PC version, fixing a number of compatibility issues and bugs. A Mac patch was released a few days later. A second patch was released on 19 December 2008. The third patch was released 26 February 2009 [http://community.sigames.com/showthread.php?t=106355].
Piracy.
Studio director, Miles Jacobson, has stated that "For every one person that bought Football Manager 2009 there were four who pirated it.

</doc>
<doc id="19104119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104119" title="Cyril Kennedy">
Cyril Kennedy

Cyril Frost Kennedy (20 April 1915 – 12 January 1974) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Hilden, Nova Scotia and became a building contractor, businessman and lumberman by career. he had nine siblings.
In 1940, he volunteered with the The North Nova Scotia Highlanders and fought at Juno Beach on D-Day. While fighting in the battle of Cean he was shot in the arm.
After the war he resumed being a Carpenter (despite only having one arm) and built a few houses (which at least one still stands today). He was always full of life and his daughters even said that they couldn't keep a boyfriend because he would get them to help on his labor-intensive projects (the most memorable being the excavating of the septic tank).
He was first elected at the Colchester—Hants riding in the 1957 general election, then re-elected there in 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965. On 17 September 1967, Kennedy left the House of Commons before the end of his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament and did not campaign for any further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19104127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104127" title="Hal Mauck">
Hal Mauck

Alfred Maris Mauck (March 6, 1869 in Princeton, Indiana – April 27, 1921 in Princeton, Indiana), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher in . He would play for the Chicago Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="19104128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104128" title="Great Easton">
Great Easton

Great Easton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19104140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104140" title="Massimo Grima">
Massimo Grima

Massimo Grima, also known as missier il-Hamrunizi, (born 6 August 1979 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Ħamrun Spartans, where he plays as a defensive midfielder. Massimo is often used as a defensive midfielder, sitting just in front of the centre backs, but in fact he can also play as a centre back himself.
Playing career.
Mosta.
In January 2008, Grima joined Maltese First Division side Mosta on loan from Valletta for the remainder of the 2007–08 season, Grima helped the club to a 2nd place finish in the Maltese First Division, the club however missed the chance to get promoted after losing the promotion playoff final to Qormi. During the spell, Grima made 11 appearances and scored three goals.
Qormi.
With first team opportunities at a low with Valletta, Grima was again loaned out, this time he was loaned out to newly promoted Maltese Premier League side Qormi for the 2008–09 season. Massimo helped the club avoid the threat of relegation by finishing in seventh position in the Maltese Premier League, making 23 appearances, and scoring two goals during the season.
Grima's loan with Qormi was renewed for the 2009–10 season, in which Grima would spend another season with the club. Qormi impressed during the course of the season and even led the Maltese Premier League at times, Grima's performances were so impressive he gained a recall to the Maltese national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19104143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104143" title="Village Park Historic District">
Village Park Historic District

Village Park Historic District is a historic district in Canton, New York.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, and its boundaries were twice increased, in 1983 and in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19104145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104145" title="Harry Harley">
Harry Harley

Harry Cruickshank Harley (born 4 June 1926 at Toronto, Ontario) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was a physician by career.
He was first elected at the Halton riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963 and 1965. After completing his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament in 1968, Harley left federal politics and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19104155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104155" title="Dawud Ibsa Ayana">
Dawud Ibsa Ayana

Dawud Ibsa is Chairman of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF). 
Dawud was born in Abuna village, Horro Guduru District in Welega. He attended Haile Selassie I University in 1970-1971, where he participated in the student movement against Haile Selassie; there he joined the Association of Oromo University Students. During 1974-1976 he participated in the "Zemecha" campaign. In 1977, Dawud was elected to the OLF Central Committee. From October 1977 to December 1979, he was imprisoned by the Derg. He returned to Addis Ababa University during the 1979-1980 academic year. Before finishing his studies (statistics), Dawud fled to Sudan in 1980 and joined an OLF unit operating from that country. A few months later, he received basic military training in Eritrea. In April 1981, Dawud commanded the OLF unit that started the armed struggle in Welega Province. 
In December 1981, the Derg poisoned and then tortured him for several months. From August 1982 to December 1986, he was jailed at Kerchele prison without charge. Dawud escaped and rejoined the OLF. In 1988 he was re-elected to the OLF's Central Committee and the Executive Committee, and until 1991 headed the OLF's military department. In 1998, he was re-elected to the OLF's Executive committee and in 1999 became the OLF's chairman. Dawud told "Les nouvelles d’Addis" on 29 March 2006 that he was confident that the OLF will form the next government in Ethiopia, a speech which motivated many nationalist Oromo diasporas.

</doc>
<doc id="19104173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104173" title="The Fiancée">
The Fiancée

The Fiancée (or The Fiancee) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19104182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104182" title="Brent Bowers">
Brent Bowers

Brent Raymond Bowers (born May 12, 1971) is a former professional baseball player. Bowers played in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles in the 1996 season. He also played in the Korea Baseball Organization in 1999. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Bowers was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the second round of the 1989 Draft. In his lone major league season, in 21 games, he had 12 hits, six runs scored, in 39 at-bats, playing left field. He continued to play minor league baseball until 2002.
He served as the hitting coach for the Gary SouthShore RailCats of the Northern League from 2003 to 2004. He was the manager of the Windy City ThunderBolts of the Frontier League in 2005 and 2006. Most recently, Bowers was the field manager for the Edmonton Capitals of the Golden Baseball League. Bowers was suspended for the remainder of the season as a result of homophobic remarks made during a game on July 31, 2010. On August 7, 2010 he resigned from his position with the Edmonton Capitals.

</doc>
<doc id="19104185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104185" title="Longues-sur-Mer battery">
Longues-sur-Mer battery

The Longues-sur-Mer battery was a World War II artillery battery constructed by the Wehrmacht near the French village of Longues-sur-Mer in Normandy. It formed a part of Germany's Atlantic Wall coastal fortifications.
The battery was completed by April 1944. Although constructed and manned initially by the Kriegsmarine, the battery was later transferred to the German army. The site consisted of four 152-mm navy guns, each protected by a large concrete casemate, a command post, shelters for personnel and ammunition, and several defensive machine-gun emplacements.
Normandy landings.
The battery at Longues was situated between the landing beaches Omaha and Gold. On the night before the D-Day landings of 6 June 1944, the battery was subjected to a barrage comprising approximately 1,500 tons of bombs, although much of this landed on a nearby village. The bombing was followed from 0537hrs on the morning of the landings by bombardment from the French cruiser "Georges Leygues" as well as the U.S. battleship "Arkansas". The battery itself opened fire at 0605hrs and fired a total of 170 shots throughout the day, forcing the headquarters ship HMS "Bulolo" to retreat to safer water. Three of the four guns were eventually disabled by British cruisers "Ajax" and "Argonaut", though a single gun continued to operate intermittently until 1900hrs that evening. The crew of the battery (184 men, half of them over 40 years old) surrendered to the 231st Infantry Brigade the following day. The heaviest damage was caused by the explosion of the ammunition for an AA gun, mounted by the British on the roof of casemate No.4, which killed several British soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19104200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104200" title="William Dean Howe">
William Dean Howe

William Dean Howe (12 January 1916 – 24 June 1982) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Toronto, Ontario and became a physician by career.
He was first elected at the Hamilton South riding in the 1963 general election, after an unsuccessful attempt to win a seat there in the 1962 election. After re-election to a second term at Hamilton South in the 1965 election, riding changes by the 1968 election meant that Howe campaigned in the Hamilton Mountain riding. He was defeated in the 1968 federal election by Gordon J. Sullivan of the Liberal Party and did not stand for election again.

</doc>
<doc id="19104202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104202" title="Gus Krock">
Gus Krock

August H. Krock (May 9, 1866 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin – March 22, 1905 in Pasadena, California), was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played three seasons, from -, for the Chicago Cubs, Indianapolis Hoosiers, Washington Nationals, and Buffalo Bisons.

</doc>
<doc id="19104204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104204" title="Rod Webb">
Rod Webb

Roderick Arthur Ennis Webb (22 July 1910 – 1 October 1999) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Toronto, Ontario and became an electrician and merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Hastings—Frontenac riding in a 5 October 1959 by-election then re-elected there in the 1962, 1963 and 1965 federal elections. After completing his final House of Commons term in 1968, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Rod Webb did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19104213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104213" title="Pat Cameron">
Pat Cameron

Alan John Patrick ("Pat") Cameron (23 September 1895 – 3 January 1982) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Brandon, Manitoba and became a barrister and lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the High Park riding in the 1949 general election, after two unsuccessful attempts to win the riding in the 1940 and 1945 elections. Cameron was re-elected at High Park for a second term in the 1953, but defeated in the 1957 election by John Kucherepa of the Progressive Conservative party.
After another defeat to Kucherepa in the 1958 election, Cameron regained his High Park Parliamentary seat in 1962 and was re-elected in 1963 and 1965. After completing his final term, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Cameron left federal office and did not campaign in any further national elections.
A neighbour discovered the bodies of both Cameron and his wife Beatrice at their Etobicoke apartment on 3 January 1982. Metro Toronto Police indicated they both died early that day of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="19104220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104220" title="Bakkaflói">
Bakkaflói

Bakkaflói is a large bay in eastern Iceland, to the north of Bakkafjordur and to the southeast of Langanes.

</doc>
<doc id="19104222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104222" title="Miguel Marcos Madera">
Miguel Marcos Madera

Miguel Marcos Madera (born 8 November 1985), commonly known as Míchel, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Getafe as a central midfielder.
Having been brought through the youth academy of Real Oviedo, he played with the first team of rivals Sporting de Gijón in both the Segunda División and La Liga, before eventually leaving for Premier League club Birmingham City in January 2010.
He spent the second half of the 2010–11 season on loan at AEK Athens, before returning to Spain with Getafe.
Football career.
Sporting Gijón.
Born in Lena, Asturias, Míchel emerged through Real Oviedo's youth academy and transferred to Sporting de Gijón for the 2003–04 season. He helped Sporting's under-19 team win the Youth Champions Cup that year, and was named MVP of the final game.
Míchel started his senior career in 2004, with the club's reserves. Subsequently he progressed to the first team, competing in the Segunda División; he played 24 matches in the 2005–06 campaign and scored one goal, in a 4–0 away win against Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
In 2007–08, Míchel helped the Asturian club return to La Liga after a ten-year absence. He was handed the vice-captaincy for the start of the following season, and made his debut in the top flight on 31 August 2008, playing 90 minutes in a 2–1 home defeat to Getafe. He went on to appear in 30 matches, 24 as a starter, as Sporting avoided relegation on the last matchday.
Birmingham City.
Speculation had linked Míchel with Birmingham City, newly promoted to the English Premier League, in the summer of 2009, but the transfer was not completed until 11 January 2010, for a fee of £3 million. The player signed a two-and-a-half-year deal, with an option to extend the contract for a further 12 months. Spanish journalist and Sky Sports pundit Guillem Balagué described him as a good passer of the ball, tactically aware and positionally disciplined, and "not scared of the physical side", comparing him in style to Javier Mascherano, but "with a better range of passing".
Míchel made his first appearance in the Premier League on 27 January, replacing James McFadden in the 73rd minute as Birmingham's 15-game unbeaten run came to an end as they lost 3–0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, and made his home debut three days later, again as a substitute. However, the fitness and what manager Alex McLeish described as "stunning" form of captain Barry Ferguson in central midfield meant that Míchel was restricted to just nine league appearances, and he was made available for loan in the January 2011 transfer window.
In January 2011, Míchel joined Superleague Greece club AEK Athens on loan for the remainder of the season. He made his debut for the club in a 2–0 away win against Skoda Xanthi, and on his second appearance, scored a 40-metre free kick against Panathinaikos in the seventh minute of stoppage time to take his team through to the semifinals of the Greek Cup, 4–3 on aggregate. AEK went on to win the competition, but Míchel did not play in the final.
Getafe.
In August 2011, Míchel played his first 45 minutes for Birmingham in over six months, in a 1–0 pre-season friendly defeat of Cork City. He then returned to Spain where he joined Getafe, a top-division team from the Madrid outskirts, for an undisclosed fee. On 6 November, he scored his first goal for Getafe as, despite having only ten players, they came from behind to beat Atlético Madrid 3–2.
References.
Infobox statistics
General

</doc>
<doc id="19104225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104225" title="Mond gas">
Mond gas

Mond gas is a cheap coal gas that was used for industrial heating purposes. Coal gases are made by decomposing coal through heating it to a high temperature. Coal gases were the primary source of gas fuel during the 1940s and 1950's until the adoption of natural gas. They were used for lighting, heating, and cooking, typically being supplied to households through pipe distribution systems. The gas was named after its founder, Ludwig Mond.
Discovery.
In 1889, Ludwig Mond discovered that the combustion of coal with air and steam produced ammonia along with an extra gas, which was named the Mond gas. He discovered this while looking for a process to form ammonium sulfate, which was useful in agriculture. The process involved reacting low quality of coal with superheated steam, which produced the Mond gas. The gas was then passed through dilute sulphuric acid spray, which ultimately removed the ammonia, forming ammonium sulfate.
Mond modified the gasification process by restricting the air supply and filling the air with steam, providing a low working temperature. This temperature was below ammonia's point of dissociation, maximizing the amount of ammonia that could be produced from the nitrogen, a product from superheating coal.
Gas Production.
The Mond gas process was designed to convert cheap coal into flammable gas, which was made up of mainly hydrogen, while recovering ammonium sulfate. The gas produced was rich in hydrogen and poor in carbon monoxide. Although it could be used for some industrial purposes and power generation, the gas was limited for heating or lighting.
In 1902, the first Mond gas plant began at the Brunner Mond & Company in Northwich, Cheshire. Mond plants required a large amount of land in order to be profitable, using around 182 tons of coal per week.
Reaction.
Predominant reaction in Mond Gas Process: C + 2H2O = CO2+ 2H2
The Mond gas was composed of roughly: 
Uses.
Mond gas could be produced and used more efficiently than other gases in the late 19th and early 20th century. The gas was used as fuel for street lighting and basic residential uses that required gas such as ovens, kilns, furnaces, and boilers.
Advantages.
The Mond gas could be produced very cheaply since it required only a low quality of coal, offering large savings for many processes. The production of Mond gas did not require a lot of labor.
The Mond gas became popularized during the industrial power generation in the beginning of the 20th century, since industries were very interested in a source of low cost energy. The Mond gas provided a boost to the gas engine industry in particular. For example, a large gas engine that used Mond gas was 5-6 times more efficient than a standard steam engine. This is primarily due to the fact that Mond gas was produced from the lowest cost of coal rather than steam coal, resulting in cheaper electricity at about 1/20th of the normal price.
Modern use.
The Mond gas was used primarily during the early 20th century, and its process was further developed by the Power Gas Corporation as the Lymn system; however, the gas has been widely forgotten.
The use of coal gases has become far less popular due to the adoption of natural gas in the 1960s. Natural gases were better for the environment because they burned more cleanly than other fuels such as coal and oil and could also be transported more safely and efficiently over sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19104241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104241" title="Walter Frank Foy">
Walter Frank Foy

Walter Frank Foy (31 December 1908 – 2 December 1993) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Peterborough, Ontario and became a life underwriter by career.
He was first elected at the Lambton West riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963 and 1965. In 1968, Foy left federal politics after completing his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19104242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104242" title="Spilosoma lubricipeda">
Spilosoma lubricipeda

The White Ermine "(Spilosoma lubricipeda)" is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found throughout the temperate belt of Eurasia from Europe through Kazakhstan and Southern Siberia to Amur Region, China, Korea and Japan. In China several sibling species occur.
The wingspan is 34–48 mm. Wing pattern is very variable, from entirely white wings to strongly covered with black dots. Hindwings often with one or several black dots (rarely without any black dot). Antennae branches long (much longer than in similar "Spilosoma urticae"), 3-5 times longer than the antenna stem diameter. The moth flies May to September depending on the location. They are not eaten by birds because they are poisonous.
The larvae feed on Stinging nettle, "Cytisus scoparius", Alfalfa, "Echium vulgare" and "Taraxacum officinale".

</doc>
<doc id="19104273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104273" title="Halldis Neegaard Østbye">
Halldis Neegaard Østbye

Halldis Neegaard Østbye, née Halldis Neegaard (23 May 1896 – 13 Oct 1983) was a Norwegian anti-Semite and national socialist. She was born in Stor-Elvdal. During World War II, she was known as a prominent member of the fascist Nasjonal Samling party, and was referred to as "Norway's most fanatical naziwoman" by Arne Skouen. Aside from her political activity, she is remembered as the first chairman of the Lady's Ski club, and was thus very important for the women's ski sport development in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19104284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104284" title="Hand Deeps">
Hand Deeps

Hand Deeps is an area of the English Channel located 8 nms south-west of Rame Head, Cornwall and 3.5 nm north-west of the Eddystone. The name comes from the five pinnacles there which rise from the surrounding sea bed depth of 55 metres to depth between 7 and 19 metres from the surface. The pinnacles are within a rectangle about 1 nm north-south and 0.5 nm west-east.
The central pinnacle at rises from more than 40 metres to 7 metres. Its anemone-covered walls and frequent good visibility make it a popular dive site.

</doc>
<doc id="19104286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104286" title="10 Corso Como">
10 Corso Como

10 Corso Como is a shopping and dining complex in Milan, Italy. It combines outlets that show and sell works of art, fashion, music, design, cuisine and culture. It was founded in 1990 in Milan, Italy, by gallerist and publisher Carla Sozzani.
The complex began with an art gallery and a bookshop. Other spaces soon followed: a design and fashion store in 1991, the 10 Corso Como Cafè in 1998, a small hotel (with only three rooms) in 2003 and the Roof Garden in 2009.
10 Corso Como and the 10 Corso Como logo are designed by American artist Kris Ruhs. In 2002, 10 Corso Como opened in Tokyo in partnership with Comme des Garçons, designed by Rei Kawakubo and Kris Ruhs.
In 2008, 10 Corso Como opened in Seoul in partnership with Samsung Cheil, Samsung Group, designed by Kris Ruhs.
On 9 September 2011, 10 Corso Como celebrated its 20 year anniversary. On 31 March 2012, 10 Corso Como opened its second location in Seoul - 10 Corso Como at AvenueL, also designed by Kris Ruhs.
10 Corso Como Shanghai, designed by kris Ruhs, opened on 14 September 2013 at 1717 Nanjing West Road at Wheelock Square. 
In popular culture.
The Cheongdam-dong store was used as a filming location for the music video of Psy's 2013 single "Gentleman".

</doc>
<doc id="19104309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104309" title="List of Blueberry characters">
List of Blueberry characters

This is a list of the main characters of the Blueberry series, with their basic characteristics, their role in the series and their contribution in the plot. Only the characters of the main series are presented, not from the series "The Young Blueberry", "Marshall Blueberry" nor "Mister Blueberry". The number of appearances of each characters is that of the original Belgian publication.
Heroes.
Mike Steve Blueberry is the main character of the eponymous series. Donovan is the son of a rich Southern farmer and starts out as a dedicated racist. After being framed for a murder he did not commit, he flees and is saved by an African-American. He becomes an enemy of discrimination of all kinds, fighting against the Confederates (although he is a Southerner himself), and trying to protect the rights of Native Americans. He chooses the nickname "Blueberry" when fleeing from his Southern enemies (inspired when he looks at a blueberry bush), starting with his adventures as a lieutenant in the United States Cavalry shortly after the American Civil War. 
Jimmy McLure is an old gold prospector but he is above all a great drinker. Blueberry was advised by General Crook to ask him for some information about Indians because he was known as a specialist in the matter. Blueberry's best friend, he helped him in several of his adventures, often saving him, but also causing some unexpected problems. However in the final part of Blueberry's life, at Tombstone, he did not appear at all. ("appears in 10 albums")
"Red Neck", as an expert about Indians matters, was sent by General Dodge to Fort-Navajo to meet Lieutenant Blueberry. From then, he helped him in some of his missions. Though much more introverted and lonesome than Mclure, he is a faithful friend to Blueberry. ("appears in 10 albums")
Recurring characters.
Angel Face is a serial killer and young handsome man hired to assassinate President Grant. Blueberry damaged much of his face by putting it in a fire. Angel Face then promised to do the same to him. He was finally killed by Blueberry in an intense duel. ("appears in 3 albums")
Wally Blunt, with his mate and partner Cole Timbley, was a smart serial killer. Searching for the golden mine of the Superstition Mountains, he chased Prosit Luckner and force him to led him at the mine but he was killed by a snake put by Prosit in his boot. ("appears in 2 albums")
Captain Finley is a former Confederate officer. Instead of surrendering, he fled to Mexico where he looted with his band. In 1868, he helped Blueberry destroying a Mexican convoy of arms destined to the Apaches, contributing to establish peace again. In 1869, searching for the Confederate treasury, he became Blueberry's rival but was killed. ("appears in 5 albums")
Chihuahua Pearl is a former chorus girl. She was wooed by Lopez, a prison governor, and was ready to marry him for money. However, she became more interested in the treasury of the Confederates and occasionally was allied with Blueberry. Blueberry later fell in love with her but did not succeeded in marrying her. ("appears in 5 albums")
Chini is Cochise's daughter. Vittorio and Blueberry engaged in a hard competition to marry her in order to succeed Cochise. She played an important role during the move of her tribe to Mexico in the winter of 1871/1872. ("appears in 3 albums")
Cochise is the chief of the Navajo tribe. In 1867, he waged war against the American army after it imprisoned several Indian chiefs. Trusting Blueberry who urged him to sign peace, he finally accepted it. In 1870, he adopted Blueberry, wanted as an outlaw, into his tribe. He died in 1872 after his tribe reached the Mexican territory. ("appears in 5 albums")
Crowe is a sergeant in the American Army at Fort Navajo. Of Indian origin, he is hated by Major Balcom. He deserted from the army during the war against the Indians in 1868 and set free many imprisoned Indian chiefs. He then helped Blueberry achieve peace with Cochise for which he was killed by Aigle Solitaire. ("appears in 4 albums")
General Allister, determined to exterminate Indian tribes, was sent by Washington to subjugate Indians in 1867. He could not prevent the peace from being signed. Later, he tried to assassinate President Grant. He was killed by Blueberry after making a last attempt on Grant's life. ("appears in 3 albums")
General Dodge has always been a strong supporter of Blueberry. He notably helped in his rehabilitation. He entrusted him with the mission of avoiding a war with Indians in 1868 at a time when he headed the Union Pacific railroad. ("appears in 6 albums")
Jethro Diamond "Steelfinger" is an outlaw. His nickname came from the steel hand he used after his real hand was cut off by Indians. He was hired by the Central Pacific railroad to block Union Pacific's advance. He slaughtered bison with his band and blamed this crime on Union Pacific members to trigger a war with the Indians. He succeeded in making the Sioux and Cheyennes wage war against whites in 1868. After peace was achieved, he was finally killed by Sitting Bull in a duel. ("appears in 3 albums")
Lieutenant Graig is the son of General Graig. Inexperienced, he was caught by Indians during the war and then set free by Blueberry. He then helped Blueberry achieved peace by defending and supporting him. ("appears in 4 albums")
Guffie Palmer is an actress and the manager of the most famous American theater troupe in the late 1860s. Jethro Steelfinger robbed her of her money in 1858 after he had promised her they would get married. Blueberry saved her from the Indians during the war in 1868. In 1869, they met again, when Guffie saved Mike near the Superstition Mountains in the desert. In 1870, Blueberry sought refuge at Santa Fe where she were living. Abandoned, Guffie is unwillingly part of a band of criminals who search for the would-be assassins of President Grant. She succeeded in saving the latter, who once had been her lover, but lost her life at the same time. ("appears in 4 albums")
Lone Eagle, a cruel Indian determined to defeat the whites, he did his best to urge Indians to wage war in 1868. He succeeded in being hired by the American Army. One of Blueberry's greatest enemies, he killed Crowe, an American officer of Indian origin and Mike's friend, and promised to also kill Blueberry. The latter finally defeated and killed him in a memorable duel. ("appears in 3 albums")
"Prosit" Luckner is a Prussian prospector who believes in the existence of a golden mine in the Superstition Mountains. He finally found the mine but Blueberry prevented him profiting from it and sent him in jail. He achieved his aim by killing many of his partners. ("appears in 2 albums")
Vigo is a Mexican commandante. He was ordered by his government to find out the treasure hidden in Mexico by the Confederates at the end of the Civil War. Then he was searched for by Blueberry because he was the only man who could prove his innocence. Committed suicide after contracting gangrene from a knife wound in the back. ("appears in 4 albums")
Non-fictional characters.
As a realistic comics series, "Blueberry" feature many real-life characters who left their imprint in the History of United States. Among them are General Dodge, Cochise, Sitting Bull and President Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="19104325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104325" title="Heber Smith">
Heber Smith

Heber Edgar Smith (8 August 1915 – 25 October 1990) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Tiny, Ontario and became a barrister and lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Simcoe North riding in the 1957 general election then re-elected there in 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965. After completing his final term, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Smith did not seek re-election and left federal politics in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19104342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104342" title="Jean-Paul Racine">
Jean-Paul Racine

Jean-Paul Racine (8 February 1928 – 13 January 1988) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Saint-Honoré-de-Shenley, Quebec and became a lumber merchant and manufacturer by career.
He was first elected at the Beauce riding in the 1958 general election and served one term before being defeated there in 1962 by Gérard Perron of the Social Credit party. Racine was again defeated by Perron in 1963 but won the seat back in 1965 for one final Parliamentary term. In the 1968 election, Racine lost the seat to another Social Credit candidate, Romuald Rodrigue.

</doc>
<doc id="19104358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104358" title="Napoleón Calzado">
Napoleón Calzado

Napoleón Calzado (born February 9, 1977 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball player for the Baltimore Orioles. Calzado played for the Orioles in the season. In four games, he had one hit in five at bats, playing the outfield. He batted and threw right-handed. He spent his entire career, except for a portion of with the Atlanta Braves, with the Orioles after being signed as an amateur free agent in . On June 26, 2009, Calzado signed with the Long Beach Armada, Golden Baseball League in Long Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19104360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104360" title="Paul Langlois (Canadian politician)">
Paul Langlois (Canadian politician)

Paul Langlois (4 December 1926 – 17 July 2012) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a businessman and industrialist by career.
Langlois studied at the Mont-St-Louis Institute.
He was first elected at the Chicoutimi riding in the 1965 general election and was re-elected there in 1968, 1972 and 1974. Langlois was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Public Works in August 1968 and October 1969, then was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs until September 1970. After completing his term in the 30th Canadian Parliament in 1979, Langlois left federal politics and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19104361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104361" title="Shadowdance (Chris White album)">
Shadowdance (Chris White album)

Shadowdance is the first solo album by English saxophonist Chris White, who had previously performed with Dire Straits, Mark Knopfler and Robbie Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19104364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104364" title="Vlantimir Giankovits">
Vlantimir Giankovits

Vlantimir "Vlanto" Giankovits (alternate spelling: Vlantimiros) (, Vladimiros "Vlado" Giankovits, , Vladimir "Vlado" Janković; born March 3, 1990) is a Serbian-born Greek professional basketball player for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League. He is 2.02 m (6 ft 7 ½ in) tall, and weighs 99.6 kg (220 lbs). He plays at the small forward position. He is the son of the late Serbian professional basketball player, Boban Janković.
Early life.
Giankovits was born March 3, 1990, in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia. He is the son of the famous late Serbian professional basketball player Boban Janković, who was tragically paralyzed during a Greek Basket League playoff game between Panionios and Panathinaikos in 1993.
Giankovits moved to Greece with his family at the age of 2, when his father, Boban, joined the Greek club Panionios for the 1992-93 season.
Professional career.
Giankovits began his professional career with the Greek Basket League club Panionios in 2007. In 2008, he moved to Mega, on loan from Panionios. He then returned to Panionios in 2009.
Panathinaikos.
On 20 June 2013, Giankovits joined the Greek club Panathinaikos. He was announced as a new player of Panathinaikos, for the following 3 years, along with his Panionios teammate Nikos Pappas.
Greek national team.
Giankovits won the gold medal at the 2008 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, while playing with the junior Greek national basketball team. Giankovits also won the silver medal at the 2009 FIBA Under-19 World Championship and the gold medal at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. He also won the silver medal at the 2010 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship with Greece's junior national team.
He became a member of the senior men's Greek national basketball team in 2013, when he was invited to train with the team during its preparation phase before the FIBA EuroBasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19104367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104367" title="Paul Langlois">
Paul Langlois

Paul Langlois is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19104380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104380" title="Spilosoma urticae">
Spilosoma urticae

The Water Ermine ("Spilosoma urticae") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in temperate belt of the Palearctic ecozone like similar "Spilosoma lubricipedum", but prefer more dry biotopes. So, "S. urticae" is more abundant in steppes and it is the single "Spilosoma" species in Central Asia.
The wingspan is 38–46 mm. The length of the forewings is 18–22 mm. Hindwings always without black dots. Antennae branches are very short in males, they are equal and not more than twice longer than the antenna stem diameter (this is the best distinguishing character from "Spilosoma lubricipedum"). The moth flies April to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Rumex hydrolapathum", "Mentha aquatica", "Iris pseudacorus", "Lysimachia vulgaris", "Jacobaea vulgaris" and "Pedicularis sylvatica".

</doc>
<doc id="19104389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104389" title="Gustave Côté">
Gustave Côté

Gustave Côté (17 October 1913 – 13 April 2001) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Sainte-Claire, Quebec and became an engineer, industrial designer and industrialist by career.
He was first elected at the Dorchester riding in the 1965 general election. After completing his only term, the 27th Canadian Parliament, Côté left Parliament and did not seek another term in federal office.

</doc>
<doc id="19104397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104397" title="Xavier Charter School">
Xavier Charter School

Xavier Charter School is a public charter school in Twin Falls, Idaho.
History.
Xavier Charter School opened in 2007 offering kindergarten through eighth grade classes. A ninth grade class was added for the 2008-09 school year, and an eleventh grade was added for the 09-10 school year. and an additional grade will be added each year with the first high school class graduating in 2011.
Arts Program.
Xavier has a great Fine Arts Program founded by Jason Hicks. About half way through the 2009-10 school year, an art gala was held to show and auction off some of the kids' work. Hundreds of dollars were raised for the Arts Program.
Koryl Wadsworth, the dance instructor at Xavier, teaches many classes, varying from ballet, tap, ballroom, and more. Of these classes, one is the instruction and choreography period of a ballroom dance company. Over the years, this company has done a variety of dances, such as a tango to "Mission Impossible", a jive, multiple waltzes, west side swing, foxtrot, cha cha and many more ballroom styles.

</doc>
<doc id="19104413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104413" title="Russell Keays">
Russell Keays

James Russell Keays (30 October 1913 – 10 March 1995) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Newport, Quebec, he was an industrialist and manufacturer by career.
Commonly known as Russell Keays, he attained a Bachelor of Arts at Saint Joseph's University. In 1949, he became mayor of Gaspé, Quebec and held that post until at least 1960. He also founded "La Cie de Bois de Baie Sud" (South Bay Lumber) in the Gaspé region which today is known as KEGA.
He was first elected at the Îles-de-la-Madeleine riding in the 1958 general election. After a term in Parliament, Keays was defeated in the 1962 federal election at Îles-de-la-Madeleine by Maurice Sauvé of the Liberal party. In the 1965 election, Keays won the Gaspé riding and returned to Parliament, but was again defeated in the following election in 1968 by Alexandre Cyr of the Liberal party.
Keays did not seek any further re-election after that, but remained active within the Progressive Conservative party. He was part of a campaign team for Charles-Eugène Marin for the 1984 federal election. However, he and three other campaigners were fined for "Canada Elections Act" infractions in April 1986 for hiring scrutineers outside the purview of Marin's official agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19104425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104425" title="Tatar mosque">
Tatar mosque

Tatar mosque — is the typical mosque architecture in Tatarstan and other Volga Tatar-populated areas of Russia. Occasionally found in other regions of Russia, modern Tatar religious architecture was developed in the late 18th century and gained popularity in the 19th century Idel-Ural.
History.
The earliest examples of Islamic Tatar architecture are located in Bolghar; none of them are in use today. They reflect strong similarities to Central Asian Islamic architecture from which the designs were derived. However, it is believed that design of rural mosques, opposing to Central Asian-like mosques of capital cities, evolve from their ability to withstand the harsh local climate. Many mosques, both stone and wooden were built, according to this style. 
The oldest of the still active modern Tatar mosques is the Märcani mosque in the Tatar capital of Kazan. Dating from the reign of Catherine the Great, the mosque's minaret is placed in the center of a gabled roof. It is believed that the concept was adopted from traditional rurual Tatar mosques. The Märcani mosque is an example of revival Tatar religious architecture as most mosques were destroyed due to the Christianization edict of 1742.
Unification.
The edict on unification of church buildings of 1817 was expanded to the mosques in 1831, when the exemplary project was developed and circulated to governorate architectural offices of Kazan, Nizhny Novgorod, Perm and Simbirsk Governorates. Tatar mosques, such as Märcani and Apanay were built in baroque style. İske Taş and Pink Mosques were contributed to classicism style.
Among the architects, contributed to the mosques building in the 19th century the most notable were Pyatnitsky, Korinfsky, Schmidt, Peske, Romanov, Yermolayev, Pavlov, Parensov, Petondi, Tekhomirov, as well as non-professional architects Mansurov, Foshderebryuggen, Jakobson.
In 1844 anther exemplary mosque project was introduced, which was used mostly for urban mosques. The minaret was placed at the northern part of the building, under the door. However, mosques with minarets in the roof are constructed till today.

</doc>
<doc id="19104430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104430" title="Radio Maximum">
Radio Maximum

Radio Maximum is a Russian radio station, specializing in pop and rock music.
Maximum was founded in 1991 as a joint venture of Westwood One, Harris Corporation, StoryFirst Communications, and The Moscow News weekly. It started broadcasting in Moscow on December 25, 1991 on the frequency of 103.7 MHz. Broadcasting in St. Petersburg commenced in early 1993. The radiostation was among the first Russian music stations to start round the clock broadcasting in 1994. 
Maximum's format is broad, and includes both western and Russian rock and pop music.
Radiostation has gone popular mostly thanks to their extremely successful morning show, which at different times was hosted by such celebrities as Olga Maximova, Kostya Mikhalov, Gennady Bachinsky, and Sergey Stillavin.
Radio Maximum is also known for the Maxidrom rock festival, which used to be held every May in Moscow, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19104434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104434" title="Skinnastadur">
Skinnastadur

Skinnastadur is a small village in northeastern Iceland, north of Jökulsárgljúfur National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19104442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104442" title="Alexis Caron">
Alexis Caron

Alexis Pierre Caron (8 March 1899 – 31 August 1966) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Hull, Quebec and became an insurance broker by career.
He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec at the Hull provincial riding in 1935 for the Quebec Liberal Party, then defeated in 1936, returned in 1939, defeated again in 1944 and 1948.
Caron was mayor of Hull, Quebec from April 1953 to April 1955. During this time, he entered national politics by winning the Hull riding in the 1953 federal election. He was then re-elected there in the 1957, 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965 federal elections. Caron ended his Parliamentary career in 1966 shortly before his death during his term in the 27th Canadian Parliament.
Caron was Liberal party whip in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19104446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104446" title="Career (1939 film)">
Career (1939 film)

Career is a 1939 drama film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Anne Shirley and Edward Ellis. The film was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and centers on a rivalry between two men who are in love with the same girl.

</doc>
<doc id="19104447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104447" title="Pierre Caron (politician)">
Pierre Caron (politician)

Pierre Caron (born 31 August 1936 at Hull, Quebec) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an insurance broker by career.
He was first elected at the Hull riding in a 29 May 1967 by-election, following the death of his father, Alexis Caron. After completing his term in the 27th Parliament, Pierre Caron left national office and did not seek further re-election to Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19104449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104449" title="Career (film)">
Career (film)

Career (film) can refer to the following films:

</doc>
<doc id="19104458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104458" title="CSS Alabama's South African Expeditionary Raid">
CSS Alabama's South African Expeditionary Raid

The CSS "Alabama's" South African Expeditionary Raid commenced shortly after the CSS Alabama left Brazil and the south Atlantic Ocean and cruised under Africa near the Cape of Good Hope. The raid lasted from about the beginning of August, 1863 to the end of September, 1863.
The primary area of operation during this expeditionary raid, was the southern seaboard of Africa ranging east and west hunting for China clippers having to make the voyage around the cape nearer Cape Town.
Raid overview.
The CSS "Alabama" worked its way slowly back and forth in the vicinity of Cape Town in one of the least successful of its seven raids, capturing a few Yankee barks. While operating in this area the USS Vanderbilt (1862) pulled into Simon's Town in pursuit of the CSS Alabama, but had no luck in finding the elusive Confederate raider of the sea. The CSS Alabama rendevouzed a few times with her daughter ship the CSS Tuscaloosa.
From this raiding area off the coast of Brazil, the CSS "Alabama" made her way into the Indian Ocean to continue her unhindered wrecking of enemy commerce in the Indian Ocean as far as Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19104463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104463" title="Jeane Gardiner">
Jeane Gardiner

Jeane Gardiner, d. 26 May 1651 in Saint George, Bermuda in the West Indies, was an alleged British witch. She is one of few people to have been executed for witchcraft in the West Indies.
Gardiner was the wife of one Ralph Gardiner, of Hamilton Tribe, and was put on trial by Capt'n Josias Fforster, Governor, accused of having affected a woman with magic; she had threatened she would cramp Tomasin, a mulatto woman, who was later struck blind and dumb for 2 hours. Another woman, Anne Bowen, was tried with her. 
Gardiner pleaded not guilty. A jury of women was appointed to search her body: Mrs Ellen Burrowes, Mrs Fflora Wood, Mrs Eliz. Stowe, Allice Sparkes, Eliz. Brangman. She was then subjected to the ordeal of water, and after being "throwne twice in the sea..she did swyme like a corke and could not sinke", she was judged guilty of witchcraft and sentenced to death. She was executed on Monday 26 May 1651. The fate of Anne Bowen is unknown. 
In the period of 1651-1696, 22 witch trials were held on Bermuda to 18 women and four men, of which five women and one man was executed. The trial against Sarah Basset (or Sally Basset) in 1730 is also sometimes counted among them. Most of them were held in the 1650s, a period when witch trials were common in England itself, and the accusation was often sickness afflicted upon slaves by use of magic. These trials likely represent the majority of witch trials held in the area of the West Indies, which were not colonized by other European countries than Spain (which did not have many witch trials) until the late 17th century, when witch trials had become uncommon in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19104489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104489" title="Nataliya Pyhyda">
Nataliya Pyhyda

Nataliya Pyhyda (; born 30 January 1981) is a Ukrainian sprinter who specializes in the 200 and 400 metres. Her personal best times are 22.82 seconds (2008) and 50.86 seconds (2013), respectively.
Career.
As a junior she finished sixth at the 2000 World Junior Championships. Her personal best at the time was 52.87 seconds, achieved in August 2000 in Kiev. She improved it to 52.76 seconds in July 2003 in Kiev. At the 2003 World Championships she competed in the 4 x 400 metres relay without reaching the final. She finished fifth in the 200 metres event at the 2004 World Indoor Championships. At the 2004 Olympic Games she again competed in the 4 x 400 metres relay without reaching the final. In 2004 she greatly improved her personal bests in both her events, running the 200 metres in 23.04 seconds in July in Madrid and the 400 metres in 51.44 seconds in July in Yalta.
The seasons 2005 and 2006 went by without personal bests in her main events, only the 60 metres (7.25 seconds, Kiev, February 2005) and the 100 metres (11.50 seconds, Kiev, July 2005). At the 2005 European Indoor Championships the Ukrainian relay team finished fourth. She also finished fifth in the individual event. The relay team finished fifth at the 2005 World Championships. At the 2005 Summer Universiade she finished fourth in the 200 metres and won a bronze medal in the relay. At the 2006 European Championships she reached the semi-final of the individual event, and finished sixth in the relay. At the end of the season she was chosen for Europe's relay team at the 2006 IAAF World Cup. The team finished fourth.
In 2007 she failed to run a single sub-24 or sub-52 second race. She failed to reach the relay final at the 2007 World Championships, but won a relay gold medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade. She reached the 400 metres semi-final at the 2008 World Indoor Championships, and at the 2008 Olympics she reached the semi-final of the 200 metres, was disqualified in the 4 x 100 metres relay, and failed to reach the final in the 4 x 400 metres relay.
In the summer of 2008 she had smashed her 200 best time, running in 22.82 seconds in Kiev in June. In 2009 she won the silver medal at the 2009 European Indoor Championships. With 51.44 seconds she equalled her personal best time from the outdoor track. She further improved to 51.38 seconds in June 2009 in Sofia. In July 2009, however, she tested positive for the substance stanozolol after a competition in Reims. She was suspended from the sport from August 2009 to August 2011. She competed again at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19104540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104540" title="Iryna Shepetyuk">
Iryna Shepetyuk

Iryna Lyubomyrivna Shepetyuk (; born 14 February 1982) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres.
She was born in Kolomiya, and represents the club Dynamo Ivano-Frankivska. In the 4 x 400 metres relay she won a bronze medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade. She also competed at the 2005 World Championships without reaching the final, The Ukrainian team failed to finish the race at the 2007 World Championships, and was disqualified at the 2008 Olympic Games.
Her personal best times are 7.35 seconds in the 60 metres (indoor), achieved in February 2004 in Sumy; 11.37 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in May 2004 in Kiev; and 23.31 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in July 2004 in Kiev.

</doc>
<doc id="19104545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104545" title="Boy Slaves">
Boy Slaves

Boy Slaves is a 1939 drama film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by P.J. Wolfson and based upon an Albert Bein story. Boy Slaves is an exposé of child labor. 
Plot.
Runaway boy Jesse Thompson, hoping to earn enough money to support his mother, follows a gang of other boys. After an infraction gets them all in trouble, they are forced to work in a fenced and guarded turpentine camp, climbing and tapping trees. They are free to leave only if they can first pay off bills they ran up at the company store (peonage). Trapped in a state of de facto slavery, they decide to strike for better food after one boy gets dizzy from hunger and falls from a tree, resulting in the amputation of his arm. When their protest fails, the boys decide to write a letter about the conditions of their detention to the U.S. President's wife, but it is intercepted. The boys believe one of their number is a "snitch", but later discover differently.

</doc>
<doc id="19104563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104563" title="Japan Prizewinners Programme">
Japan Prizewinners Programme

The Japan Prizewinners Programme (JPP) was a one-year postgraduate course for outstanding Dutch graduates with a university masters degree, who may aspire to become leaders in Dutch society. Each year up to 20 participants were recruited among the best university graduates in various fields of study. 
The programme consisted of a 4-month high-intensity course of Japanese language and culture at Leiden University, The Netherlands. Upon successful completion of the exams, the students would travel to Tokyo, Japan where they would follow an advanced course of Japanese language for 2 months at the Japan-Netherlands Institute in Tokyo. After this specialist language training the students continued with the core of the programme: an internship at a Japanese company or institution, related to their field of study.
The first group of students of the Japan Prizewinners Programme started their training in September 1995. The Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science terminated its support for the program in 2008; the last group of JPP graduates obtained their diplomas in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19104564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104564" title="Marble, North Carolina">
Marble, North Carolina

Marble is an unincorporated community in Cherokee County, North Carolina, United States. 
Marble's elevation is 1,680 feet (512.1 m). It has an area of . Its ZIP code is 28905.
History.
Indigenous Peoples.
Before settlement, Cherokee County was home to the Cherokee Indians, who was a tribe of Native Americans that made their home in Southeastern United States (principally Georgia, the Carolinas and Eastern Tennessee) They were one of the "Five Civilized Tribes" because of their assimilation of European-American cultural and technological practices. This is also the origin of the county's name.
County Formation.
In 1791, Colonel David Vance and General William Lee Davidson presented a petition to the North Carolina House of Commons that said "petition of the inhabitants of that part of Burke County lying west of the Appalachian Mountains praying that a part of said county, and part of Rutherford County, be made into a separate and distinct county." Originally, the bill to create the county had the name Union, but was changed to Buncombe in honor of Col. Edward Buncombe, a Revolutionary War hero from Tyrell County, North Carolina.
The Bill was ratified on January 14, 1792. The new county included most of Western North Carolina and was so large it was commonly referred to it as the "State of Buncombe." Approximately 1,000 people lived in the county.
In 1808, the western portion of Buncombe County was separated to form Haywood County. The bill, introduced by General Thomas Love became law on December 23, 1808 and was official in March 1809.
In 1838, Macon County was formed from the Western side of Haywood County. 11 years later, Macon formed Cherokee County.
Origin of Name.
Marble got its name from various marble quarries in the community. Currently, none are functioning and have filled with water.
Law Enforcement.
Marble is serviced by the Andrew's Police Department located in Andrews, North Carolina, at 1101 Main Street.
Crime Data.
According to the 2010 Crime Rate Index, Marble was rated a rape crime risk of 151 and a murder crime risk 124. Marble also scored 77 for vehicle theft and 53 for larceny. All scores are compared to a national average of 100. North Carolina average is 110.
Demographics.
As of the 2010 Census, there were 321 people of which 162 were male and 159 were female. The 2010 population density was 293 people per square mile.
Economy.
Occupations.
19.1% of individuals over the age of 16, are employed in management or professional industries. 19.1% are employed in the service industry, 16.9% are employed in sales or office industries, 14.9% are employed in construction, extraction and maintenance while the remaining 28.3% are employed in production and transportation.
12.3% of people are below the poverty line.
Household Income.
7.5% make less than $10,000 per year. 11.4% make between $10,000 and $14,999. 27.3% make between $15,000 and $24,999 per year. 14.2% make between $50,000 and $74,999 per year and 24.5% make between $35,000 and $49,999 per year. 14.2% make between $50,000 and $74,999 per year while the remaining 3.6% make over $75,000 per year.
1.7% of Marble individuals are unemployed with 3.9% living below poverty. Median household income is $28,553.
Education.
Schools and Colleges.
Marble is in close proximity to Tri-County Community College which has campuses in Hayesville, North Carolina, Murphy, North Carolina, and Brasstown, North Carolina.
Public Education.
The public school system (Cherokee County Schools) is run by the Cherokee County Board of Education 
Children in Marble will attend Marble Elementary School at 2230 Airport Road. This school covers grades Pre-k to 4th grade and was given a GreatSchools rating of 5/10. 
From 5th grade and on, students attend Andrews middle and Highschool located in Andrews, North Carolina, each scored 8/10 and 5/10 on GreatSchools respectively.
Transportation.
Highways.
Marble sits on US 19/129/74, which runs east-west between Andrews, North Carolina, and the Murphy, North Carolina. Slow Creek Road (141) runs south toward the Murphy Medical Center in Peachtree, North Carolina.
Airport.
Western Carolina Regional Airport , known locally as the Murphy Airport, Andrews Airport, or Andrews-Murphy Airport, is located approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km)west of Marble.
Geography.
Topography.
Marble is located in the Southeastern United States in the southwestern portion of the North Carolina State, approximately halfway between Atlanta, Georgia and Knoxville, Tennessee. The location in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Appalachia, has helped the community retain a rural character, surrounded by wildlife such as bear, deer, fox and recently reintroduced elk.
According to the United States Census Bureau, Marble has a total area of .
Climate.
Marble has a humid subtropical climate, (Cfa) according to the Köppen classification, with hot, humid summers and mild, but occasionally cold winters by the standards of the southern United States.
July highs average 85 °F (29 °C) or above, and lows average 55 °F (12.8 °C). Infrequently, temperatures can even exceed 100 °F (38 °C). January is the coldest month, with an average high of 48 °F (9 °C), and low of 33 °F (.6 °C).
Like the rest of the southeastern U.S., Marble receives abundant rainfall, which is relatively evenly distributed throughout the year. Average annual rainfall is 55.9 inches (1,420 mm). Blizzards are rare but possible; one nicknamed the 1993 Storm of the Century hit the entire Eastern United States in March, 1993.
Climate Data for Marble
Culture.
Situated in the midst of the Appalachian Mountains, Marble has a rich heritage, rural character and a colorful population.
Local Festivals and Celebrations.
'Possum Drop, is an annual New Year's celebration held at a local gas station called Clay's Corner, which celebrates every New Year's by dropping a live opossum in a plexiglass pyramid from the roof of the store. They also hold the annual Miss Possum Queen, have many snacks and beverages, and Bluegrass Music.
The Bi-annual Celebration of Flight Airshow, located at the Andrews-Murphy Airport, is a huge presentation of aircraft, both vintage and hi-tech. There are many vendors that sell food, drink, and other festivities.
Religion.
Historically, religion has been a very important part of Appalachian life. Christianity, like much of the rest of the Southern United States, is very predominant in Marble and the surrounding communities. Baptist Christian faiths are well represented here. Some local Churches are Marble Springs Baptist Church, Emanuel Baptist Church, Fair-view Church and Kingdom Hall-Jehovah's Witness.
Media.
Marble and the surrounding area are served by a few local television stations, numerous local radio stations that broadcast several genres of music, sports, news and talk radio, plus three local newspapers.
A local television station is W31AN (Channel 31) based in Murphy, North Carolina.
Marble is also served by 8 local radio stations. WCVP-AM (600), WCNG-FM (102.7), and WKRK-AM (1320) are based in Murphy, North Carolina. WCVP-FM (95.9) in Robbinsville, WFSC-AM (1050), WPFJ-AM (1480), WFQS-FM (91.3), and WNCC-FM (96.7) based in Franklin, North Carolina.
The most important newspaper in Cherokee County is the "Cherokee Scout" which, in addition to Cherokee County, covers Clay County, North Carolina and Towns County, Georgia. Two other notable newspapers are the "Clay County Progress" and the "Towns County Herald".

</doc>
<doc id="19104565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104565" title="Þistilfjörður">
Þistilfjörður

Þistilfjörður (sometime anglicised as Thistilfjördur) is a bay in northeast Iceland, between the Rifstangi and Langanes peninsulas, near the town of Þórshöfn (Thorshofn). The name also refers to the region immediately to the southwest of the bay, roughly corresponding to Svalbarðshreppur municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19104566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104566" title="Oksana Shcherbak">
Oksana Shcherbak

Oksana Shcherbak, née Holodkova (, born 24 February 1982) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete who specializes in the 400 metres.
She was born in Pyriatyn, and represents the club Kolos Poltava. In individual competition she competed in the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final. In the 4 x 400 metres relay she finished sixth at the 2006 European Championships, and won a gold medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade. She also competed at the 2007 World Championships. At the 2008 Summer Olympics she competed in both 4 x 100 and 4 x 400. The 4 x 100 metres relay team was disqualified in the first round, whereas the 4 x 400 metres team was knocked out.
Her personal best time is 51.23 seconds in the 400 metres, achieved in July 2006 in Kiev. She also has 7.39 seconds in the 60 metres (indoor), achieved in February 2008 in Sumy; 11.81 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in May 2007 in Bar; and 23.39 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in June 2008 at Florø stadion.

</doc>
<doc id="19104569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104569" title="Evan Royster">
Evan Royster

Evan Mathias Royster (born November 26, 1987) is an American football running back for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted in the sixth round of the 2011 NFL Draft by the Redskins. He played college football at Penn State University, where he was a three-year starter and an all-time leading rusher.
High school career.
Royster attended Westfield High School in Chantilly, Virginia, where he totalled 6,384 yards on 750 carries (8.5 avg.) and 90 touchdowns and helped Westfield win three Concorde District Championships. As a sophomore, he ran for 1,690 yards and 22 touchdowns, adding 2,160 yards and 30 touchdowns in his junior year. During his senior year, Royster amassed 2,200 rushing yards and again tallied 30 touchdowns. He was a first-team all-state selection and "Washington Post" first-team All-Met.
Regarded as a three-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Royster was listed as the #26 running back prospect in the class of 2006. He chose Penn State over offers from Maryland, Nebraska, and Virginia Tech.
While at Westfield High School, Royster was one of the most coveted lacrosse prospects in the country. He scored 33 goals as a senior and played in the prestigious North-South All-American Lacrosse all-star game. He was heavily recruited by traditional lacrosse powerhouses such as Virginia and Johns Hopkins.
College career.
Royster redshirted during his freshmen year at Penn State. Royster, recruited out of Virginia, chose Penn State over other NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision (formerly known as Division I-A) programs across the country like the Virginia Tech Hokies, the Nebraska Cornhuskers, the Florida Gators and the Maryland Terrapins.
Royster made his college football debut on September 1, 2007 against the FIU Golden Panthers. He played a significant role in the Penn State offense for the 2007 season. He was the second leading rusher behind Rodney Kinlaw, rushing for 513 yards on 82 carries for a 5.3 yards per carry average. He scored the game-winning touchdown in the third quarter of the 2007 Alamo Bowl against the Texas A&M Aggies.
Royster made his season debut against the Coastal Carolina Chanticleers on August 30, 2008 at Beaver Stadium. Royster and the offense helped guide the Nittany Lions to a 66-10 defeat of Division I FCS Chanticleers. Royster saw limited action in the rout. He had 64 yards on 8 carries for a career high 3 touchdowns. Royster was pulled from the game following his third touchdown at the beginning of the third quarter when Coach Paterno sat all his starters in favor of the backups.
On September 6, 2008, against the Oregon State Beavers, Royster put up 141 yards on 17 carries. He added 3 touchdowns in the 45-14 blowout win before being taken out of the game. He was named the Big Ten Co-Offensive player of the week.
Royster had his second straight 100-yard game against the Syracuse Orange on September 13, 2008. He gained 101 yards on 13 carries in the 55-13 victory.
In Penn State's 45-3 rout of the Temple Owls, Royster rushed 9 times for 73 yards and tacked on a touchdown.
Royster picked up 139 yards on 19 carries in Penn State's 38-24 win over Illinois.
In the second Big Ten matchup of the 2008 season, Royster powered Penn State past Purdue with 141 yards and a touchdown on 18 carries. He also added 53 receiving yards on four catches.
Royster added 60 yards and a touchdown on 14 carries in Penn State's 48-7 thrashing of the Wisconsin Badgers on October 11. His contributions led to Penn State being ranked number 3 in the country in the October 13th AP poll.
Against the Michigan Wolverines (who had beaten Penn State 9 straight times leading into the October 17th tilt), Royster set a career rushing high. Royster ran for 174 yards on 18 carries, with a 44-yard TD run in the first quarter. He also added 3 catches for 13 yards in the 46-17 homecoming victory.
On October 25, 2008, Royster rushed 19 times for 77 yards in Penn State's game against Ohio State. He tacked on 20 receiving yards on 3 catches in the Nittany Lions' 13-6 triumph. The win against the then 9th-ranked Buckeyes was Penn State's first victory at The Horseshoe since 1978.
Leading the then 3rd-ranked Nittany Lions against the Iowa Hawkeyes, Royster set a career-high with 26 carries. He managed 90 yards and a touchdown in the shocking 24-23 upset loss to the Hawkeyes in Iowa City.
On November 15, 2008, the Nittany Lions squared off against the Hoosiers of Indiana University. Royster rushed for 63 yards on 12 carries in chilly, rainy atmosphere of Beaver Stadium. Bouncing off three tacklers, he added his 11th rushing touchdown of the year on a 19-yard run in the third quarter. After leading 10-7 at the half, Penn State pulled away for a 34-7 victory.
Royster got off to a slow start, getting just 102 yards on 26 carries vs. Akron and Syracuse, but rebounded vs. Temple, rushing 19 times for 134 yards. The next week vs. Iowa Royster got just 69 yards on 17 carries, but vs. Illinois he got 105 yards on 17 carries, with a long of 20 and a touchdown. Against Eastern Illinois, he got 94 yards on just eight carries, for an 11.8 yards per carry average. His next three games versus Minnesota, Michigan, and Northwestern, he got over 100 yards in each of those games, averaging over 6 yards per carry overall in those 3 games. Following Penn State's victory at the 2010 Capital One Bowl, Royster announced that he would forgo the 2010 NFL Draft and play his senior year at Penn State.
Royster completed his senior season as Penn State's all-time leading rusher having passed Curt Warner's nearly 30 year old record during the Michigan game. He completed the season with 1014 rushing yards, making him the only Penn State running back with three 1,000+ yard seasons. His career totals amounted to 3,932 yards on 686 carries, with 29 rushing touchdowns.
Royster was selected to play in the 86th East-West Shrine Game played on January 22, 2011, at the Citrus Bowl Stadium in Orlando, Florida.
Professional career.
Washington Redskins.
2011 Season.
Royster was drafted 177th overall in the 2011 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.
He was expected to compete with former Redskins' running back, Ryan Torain, and fellow 2011 Redskins' draftee, Roy Helu, but Royster did not make the 53-man roster and was cut on September 3.
On September 4, 2011, Royster was signed to the practice squad.
He was elevated to the Redskins active roster on November 22, 2011 when the Redskins waived Tashard Choice following Tim Hightower's season-ending injury.
In Week 12 against the Seattle Seahawks, Royster made his NFL debut. Royster would have his first career start in Week 16 against the Minnesota Vikings, getting 132 yards on only 19 carries.
In Week 17 against the Philadelphia Eagles, Royster recorded 113 yards on 20 carries while suffering rib injuries.
At the end of the of his rookie season, Royster recorded 328 yards on 56 carries making him the second leader in rushing yards behind fellow rookie, Roy Helu, and beating the original starting running back, Tim Hightower.
2012 Season.
Royster was expected to compete for the starting spot in the 2012 season against Roy Helu and Tim Hightower, but lost the competition to rookie Alfred Morris. Before starting the season, he changed his jersey number to 22, his college jersey number. He scored his first career touchdown in Week 9 against the Carolina Panthers. In the Week 15 win over the Cleveland Browns, he would score his second career touchdown.
2013 Season.
With the return of Roy Helu, Royster was made the third-string running back and played more on special teams. He was placed on injured reserve after suffering a high ankle sprain after the Week 14 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
Personal.
He is the younger brother of former "Parade" All-American and Stanford wide receiver Brandon Royster. He is also the younger brother of Cosmo's 2008 Virginia Bachelor Kyle Royster.

</doc>
<doc id="19104575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104575" title="Mama, I'm Alive">
Mama, I'm Alive

"Mama, I'm Alive" () is a 1977 East German film directed by Konrad Wolf. It was chosen as East Germany's official submission to the 50th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19104578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104578" title="Jean Boiteux">
Jean Boiteux

Jean Boiteux (June 20, 1933 – April 11, 2010) was a French swimmer and Olympic champion. 
He was born in Marseilles. His mother, Bibienne Pellegry, swam for France at the 1924 and 1924 Olympics.
He competed at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, where he received a gold medal in "400 m freestyle". He received a bronze medal in "4 x 200 m freestyle relay" with the French team (with Joseph Bernardo, Aldo Eminente and Alexandre Jany).
Boiteux was the first person from France to win an Olympic gold medal in Swimming. The Jean-Boiteux Grand Prix swimming meet in Bordeaux, was started by him in 1973 and is now name after him.
Death.
Boiteux died after falling from a tree in his garden on April 11, 2010 at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="19104612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104612" title="1985 Nabisco Grand Prix de Verano (tennis)">
1985 Nabisco Grand Prix de Verano (tennis)

The 1985 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was a Nabisco Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from February 25 to March 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19104616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104616" title="The Green Book (BBC)">
The Green Book (BBC)

The BBC Variety Programmes Policy Guide For Writers and Producers, commonly referred to as The Green Book, is a booklet of guidelines, issued by the British Broadcasting Corporation in 1949, to the producers and writers of its comedy programmes. It detailed what was then permissible as comedy material, but its bureaucratic tone and outlandish strictures caused great amusement in the comedy world at the time. 
Most of its content is now completely out of date. It was a confidential document and was kept under lock and key. The executive responsible for its release was the then Head of Variety, Michael Standing, although it contained a large amount of material which had been previously issued, in the preceding years, in memo form. 
The full text was published, with the BBC’s permission, in the book "Laughter in the Air" by Barry Took, in 1976. It has since been sold by the BBC itself.
Among jokes banned were those concerning lavatories, effeminacy in men, immorality of any kind, suggestive references to honeymoon couples, chambermaids, fig-leaves, ladies' underwear (such as "winter draws on" and so on), lodgers and commercial travellers and the vulgar use of words such as "basket".
Caution had to be taken with jokes about drink, with not too many allowed to be made in any single programme. Also to be avoided were derogatory references to solicitors, miners and "the working class". Banned too was any reference to The McGillycuddy of the Reeks, or jokes about his name, in response to previous complaints.
The word "nigger" was banned, although the phrase "Nigger Minstrels" was still tolerated. The document also advised: "Extreme care should be taken in dealing with references to or jokes about pre-natal influences (e.g. His mother was frightened by a donkey)"
It has been observed that if these rules had been strictly followed, a great many of the BBC's most successful comedy shows since, such as "Beyond our Ken", "Till Death Us Do Part", "Steptoe and Son", would never have been aired.

</doc>
<doc id="19104621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104621" title="Thor Harris">
Thor Harris

Thor Harris (born February 7, 1965) is a musician, painter, and carpenter. He is the percussionist for Shearwater (2001–present), a band from Austin, Texas. He has performed with Bill Callahan, The Angels of Light, Lisa Germano, Gretchen Phillips, Devendra Banhart, Rebecca Cannon and Swans. He has recorded 6 instrumental albums with the Austin producer Rob Halverson.

</doc>
<doc id="19104627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104627" title="Cătălin Dedu">
Cătălin Dedu

Cătălin Dedu (born in Braşov, Romania) is a Romanian football player, playing for Universitatea Cluj.

</doc>
<doc id="19104628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104628" title="Anderson Peak">
Anderson Peak

Anderson Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19104634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104634" title="Andre Migner dit Lagace">
Andre Migner dit Lagace

Andre Migner dit Lagace (born 1640 in St. Martin, Île de Ré, La Rochelle, Aunis, France d: November 20, 1727 in La Pocatière, Quebec) was a soldier in the French and Indian Wars and the principal ancestor of the Lagace/Legacy/Lagasse/LaGasa families, as well as many others.
Early life.
He was born to Michel Migner and Catherine Masson in Saint-Martin-de-Ré on Île de Ré, an island near La Rochelle, France.
Sent to fight.
He was a French soldier attached to the Berthier (L'Allier) regiment of the Carignan-Salières Regiment, a private army which was sent to Quebec, arriving on June 30, 1665, to protect settlers from marauding Iroquois.
When the fighting ended in 1667, part of the regiment decided to stay behind and settle on land granted by Louis XIV.
Settling down.
He married the widow Jacquette Michaud (one of the King's Daughters) on October 23, 1668 in Notre-Dame de Québec Cathedral. He was 17 and she was 31. His land was located in Charlesbourg, Quebec City, Quebec. In 1672, he purchased additional for the price of a chicken and a rent of 15 sol en argent and 3 deniers to be paid once a year on St. Martin's Day.
In 1685, he and his family moved to Rivière-Ouelle, Quebec.
They had six children, all of whom married and produced offspring. The first and last were male. His first son sired 13 children, his second son ten.
Death.
He died on 1727 in La Pocatière, Quebec.
Name Confusion.
His first son (born October 4, 1669 in St. Joseph de Charlesbourg) was given the same name.
Source of name.
The name Lagace is likely related to the French word "gâchette", meaning trigger or sharpshooter. It was likely a military sobriquet.

</doc>
<doc id="19104653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104653" title="Glenn Sharpe">
Glenn Sharpe

Glenn Sharpe (born February 27, 1984) is a free agent American football cornerback who last played for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. He was signed by the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at the University of Miami.
Sharpe has also been a member of the New Orleans Saints.
College career.
Sharpe played college football for the Miami Hurricanes. He is widely known as the player involved in the delayed pass interference penalty in the 2003 Fiesta Bowl that prevented the Hurricanes from completing back-to-back National Championships and undefeated seasons.
Professional career.
New Orleans Saints.
Sharpe won a Super Bowl ring with the New Orleans Saints as a practice squad member when the Saints defeated the Indianapolis Colts in Super Bowl XLIV, 31-17. He was waived on June 21, 2010.
Indianapolis Colts.
Sharpe was signed by the Indianapolis Colts on August 23, 2010. He was released on September 4, 2010.
Accused of murder.
On February 22, 2012, Sharpe was arrested and charged with murder in Dekalb County, Georgia. He is being held in the Dekalb County jail without bail.

</doc>
<doc id="19104672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104672" title="Joseph Bernardo">
Joseph Bernardo

Joseph Bernardo (born May 31, 1929) is a French swimmer and Olympic medalist.
Career.
Bernardo was born in Algiers, Algeria. He competed at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, where he received a bronze medal in "4 x 200 m freestyle relay" with the French swimming team (with Jean Boiteux, Aldo Eminente and Alexandre Jany).

</doc>
<doc id="19104685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104685" title="Raufarhöfn">
Raufarhöfn

Raufarhöfn is a village located on the northeastern tip of the Melrakkaslétta peninsula in Iceland.
As of January 2011, it has 194 inhabitants. It was a major fish processing station during the large herring catches in the mid 20th century.
The village is the site of a modern monument called the "Arctic Henge" which is aligned to the heavens and is inspired by the mythical world of Eddic poem "Völuspá" (Prophecy of the Seeress).

</doc>
<doc id="19104707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104707" title="The Making of Me (TV series)">
The Making of Me (TV series)

The Making of Me is a 60 minute miniseries on the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), the first season was in 2008. As of 1 September, 2008, there have been three episodes.
Episode list.
1. John Barrowman - John Barrowman challenges scientists to explain why he is gay. (24 Jul 08)
2. Colin Jackson - Athlete Colin Jackson and scientists try to discover the secrets of his talents. (31 Jul 08)
3. Vanessa-Mae - Violinist Vanessa-Mae asks if science can explain the secret of her success. (28 Aug 08)

</doc>
<doc id="19104711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104711" title="Rifstangi">
Rifstangi

The Rifstangi is a peninsula in northeast Iceland, located to the west of the Fontur peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="19104717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104717" title="Aldo Eminente">
Aldo Eminente

Aldo Eminente (born August 19, 1931) is a French swimmer and olympic medalist. He competed at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, where he received a bronze medal in "4 x 200 m freestyle relay" with the French swimming team (with Jean Boiteux, Joseph Bernardo and Alexandre Jany).

</doc>
<doc id="19104725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104725" title="Stein River">
Stein River

The Stein River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The name is derived from the Nlaka'pamux word Stagyn, meaning "hidden place", referring to the fact that the size and extent of the Stein River valley is not very noticeable from the river's confluence with the Fraser.
Course.
The Stein River and its tributaries are contained in Stein Valley Nlaka'pamux Heritage Park. The river originates in remote Tundra Lake and flows generally east, joining the Fraser River north of Lytton.

</doc>
<doc id="19104730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104730" title="Exar Rosales">
Exar Rosales

 Exar Javier Rosales Sánchez (born 20 May 1984) is a Peruvian footballer that plays in the Peruvian league, he currently plays for Cienciano
International career.
The goalkeeper is former member of the Peru national under-17 football team and presented his team at 2003 XXI Sudamericano Juvenil in Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="19104734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104734" title="Mick Gentleman">
Mick Gentleman

Michael David "Mick" Gentleman (born 1 August 1955) is an Australian politician and is a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Brindabella for the Australian Labor Party. He was first elected to the assembly in 2004, but lost his seat in the 2008 election. He was reelected to the assembly at the 2012 election.
Early years.
Gentleman was born and educated, and has always lived in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. 
Prior to becoming a politician, he worked in the offices of Prime Ministers Bob Hawke and Paul Keating as their security officer. He has also been a motor mechanic, postman, public servant, real estate agent, small business owner and project officer.
Political career.
During his time in Government, Gentleman served as the Acting Speaker and Chair of the Standing Committee on Planning and Environment. He provided over thirty reports to the Parliament affecting the business, environmental and residential planning of the capital. Gentleman tabled and passed the Gross Feed-in-Tariff for Canberra, bringing the ACT to the forefront in renewable energy incentives.

</doc>
<doc id="19104739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104739" title="1986 Copa Banco Galicia">
1986 Copa Banco Galicia

The 1986 Copa Banco Galicia was an tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament was held from November 10 through November 17, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19104743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104743" title="The Turning Point (1983 film)">
The Turning Point (1983 film)

The Turning Point () is a 1983 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Sylvester Groth, Fred Düren and Klaus Piontek. The film is based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Hermann Kant, which was based on Kant's own experience as a prisoner of war in Poland. The film tells the story of a German prisoner of war at the end of World War II who is wrongly accused of being a war criminal. The film was controversial upon release as Polish commentators criticized that the film showed the Polish army wrongly accusing someone of war crimes. Nevertheless the film was successful and won several awards and was the East German official submission to the 56th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
Plot.
In October 1945 the 19-year-old German prisoner of war, Mark Niebuhr (Sylvester Groth) arrives together with other prisoners at a train station in Warsaw. A Polish woman waiting for her train at the station believes that he is the SS officer who murdered her daughter during a raid in Lublin. He is removed from the other prisoners and incarcerated in a single prison cell. Again and again he is interrogated by a Polish officer who is asking him to write down his life story and to tell his real name. The young former soldier asserts that he is Mark Niebuhr and maintains his innocence, not knowing why he has been detained and does not understanding why he is being questioned.
After four months of solitary confinement he is transferred to a new prison cell he is sharing with Polish criminals. As a German he is subject to their hatred and is regularly harassed. He is also assigned the most dangerous works, having to remove stones from bombed houses in Warsaw. During one of his assignment he saves a child, but breaks his arm. He is transferred to a hospital where he learns that he is charged with murder.
After his hospital stay he is transferred to a new prison, where he has to share a cell with German prisoners of war. The German prisoners maintain strict military order according to their former ranks. They are led by General Eisensteck (Fred Düren) and Major Lundenbroich (Klaus Piontek) who still cling to fascist ideals. Little by little Niebuhr gets to know his fellow prisoners. Although everyone is maintaining his innocence, Niebuhr slowly realizes that they are murderers and war criminals. He begins to distance himself from his fellow prisoners and realizes his guilt as an ordinary German soldier. While his cell mates are one by one executed, the Polish authorities ultimately believe Niebuhr and release him.
Production and distribution.
"The Turning Point" premiered on 20 January 1984 and was widely released in East Germany on the day after. The film was widely praised by the East German press, with "Neues Deutschland" declaring the film "a testament to the friendship between the People's Republic of Poland and East Germany". The Polish reaction was very negative and the depiction of the Polish army wrongly accusing a German of war crimes was perceived as anti-Polish. Both the Polish actors in the film and Polish representatives boycotted the premiere of the film. The controversy also resulted in a withdrawal of the film from the Berlin International Film Festival, where it was originally planned to be screened and was expected to successfully compete for the awards. Despite the controversy the film became the top grossing film of 1983 in East Germany and was released in West Germany to mixed reviews in spring 1984.
Awards and honors.
Director Frank Beyer, screenwriter Wolfgang Kohlhaase and the main actor Sylvester Groth were awarded the Heinrich-Greif-Preis in 1984. The Heinrich-Greif Preis was an East German award for film and television productions, named after the German actor Heinrich Greif. The Association of Film and Television Employees ("Verband der Film- und Fernsehschaffenden") awarded the critics award of the section theory and film critic in the categories Best Film and Best Actor (Sylvester Groth) in 1983. At the East German National Feature Film Festival in Karl-Marx-Stadt in 1984 the film won awards in the categories Best Director (Frank Beyer), Best Script (Wolfgang Koohlaase), Best Editing (Rita Hiller), Best Production Design (Alfred Hirschmeier) and Best Young Actor (Sylvester Groth).
Internationally, "The Turning Point" was screened at the 40th Venice International Film Festival in 1983. The film was also chosen as East Germany's official submission to the 56th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19104747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104747" title="Barry Maguire">
Barry Maguire

Barry Maguire (born 27 October 1989) is a footballer, who plays in midfield and defense for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.
Club career.
Maguire started to play football at amateur club Theole, in his native town of Tiel. Here he was scouted by FC Den Bosch. At the age of 16, he joined FC Den Bosch's first squad. He moved on to FC Utrecht in 2008.
He scored FC Utrecht's fourth goal in their 4-0 win over Celtic in their Europa League play-off win in August 2010.
International career.
Maguire represented the Republic of Ireland Under-16 and the Netherlands Under-19 teams, since his father is Irish, Maguire can still represent either the Netherlands and the Republic of Ireland at senior competitive level.
On 27 January 2009, Barry Maguire was called up to the Republic of Ireland Under 21 squad for the first time, but he rejected the invitation the following day. In September 2010 he declared himself eager to represent Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19104758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104758" title="Richard Bulkeley (governor)">
Richard Bulkeley (governor)

Richard Bulkeley (26 December 1717 – 7 December 1800) was an influential administrator in Nova Scotia for over 50 years (1749-1800). Historian Phyllis Blakeley writes that Bulkeley, "assisted 13 governors and lieutenant governors from Cornwallis to Wentworth. In half a century of service he took part in the founding of Halifax, the immigration of New Englanders and loyalists, and the prosperity of the French revolutionary wars." During his lifetime, known for hosting dignitaries and grand parties, he was known as "the Father of the Province." When he died, he was the last surviving settler who arrived with Cornwallis.
Career.
During Father Le Loutre's War he was an Aide-de-camp to three consecutive Governors of Nova Scotia: Cornwallis, Hobson and Lawrence.
During the French and Indian War he also served on the Nova Scotia Council (1755-1800). Historian Blakney writes that Bulkeley was "noted for his lavish hospitality, entertaining and many other military men during the Seven Years’ War and the American revolution. 
Bulkeley's first home was opposite St Paul's. The dining room could seat 50. Wolfe used his home as his headquarters prior to the Siege of Louisbourg (1758) and Quebec (1759). (In 1911, the Nova Scotia Historical Society created a plaque to mark the location at Robert Standford's premises, 156-158 Hollis Street.) He converted this residence into his library and private office once he built his new home on Argyle Street.
Bulkeley helped negotiate the peace treaties that led to the Burying the Hatchet ceremony, which ended 75 years of warfare between the Mi'kmaq and the British.
In the 1780s, Richard Bulkeley (governor), and about twenty others founded a chess club, which met once a fortnight at the Great Pontack (Halifax).
He served in many capacities the crown and people of Nova Scotia and was governor from 1791 to 1792; Bulkeley was succeeded by Former New Hampshire Governor Sir John Wentworth.
The Carleton.
A part from two churches, Bulkeley's home is the oldest building in Halifax, Nova Scotia (1760). Since 1867 his residence has been known as "The Carleton" (See Image of original house). Bulkeley built his new home on Argyle Street from stone he brought from the ruins of Louisbourg (1758). He also had installed the black marble mantel from the Governor's house at Louisbourg. At his new home in the 1780s, Bulkeley regularly entertained the future KIng William IV (abolished slavery in British Empire; had an affair with Governor Wentworth's wife Francis) as well as Prince Edward (father of Queen Victoria). He also held large levees there on New Year’s Day and the queen’s birthday, as well as dinners on St Patrick’s and St George’s days." He named his home Carleton House after Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester upon his visit to Halifax in 1786. Bulkeley's widow eventually sold the residence to Henry Hezekiah Cogswell (1816).
Life.
Bulkeley was born in Dublin, Ireland, the second son of Sir Lawrence Bulkeley and Elizabeth Freke. He married on 18 July 1750 Mary Rous, daughter of John Rous, at Halifax, Nova Scotia, and they had four sons; after her death, he married, on 26 July 1776, Mary Burgess at Halifax; and died there 7 December 1800. His burial place is reported to be marked by a rough stone in St. Paul's Church cemetery, presumably close to the gravestone of his wife Mary Rous.
Legacy.
Bulkeley was on instrumental in serving in the position or establishing the following:
References.
Endnotes
Texts

</doc>
<doc id="19104764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104764" title="Alexandre Jany">
Alexandre Jany

Alexandre ("Alex") Jany (born 5 January 1929 - 18 July 2001) was a French swimmer and olympic medalist. 
He was born in Toulouse.
He competed at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, where he received a bronze medal in 4×200 m freestyle relay with the French swimming team (with Jean Boiteux, Joseph Bernardo and Aldo Eminente).

</doc>
<doc id="19104765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104765" title="Smith-Madrone Vineyards and Winery">
Smith-Madrone Vineyards and Winery

Smith-Madrone Vineyards and Winery is a Napa Valley winery founded in 1971 by Stuart Smith. The name Smith-Madrone comes from the madrone trees among the estate.
Vineyards.
Smith-Madrone is located in the Spring Mountain District in the Napa Valley Appellation. The estate is a ranch, planted partly as vineyards over a century ago. It sits at 1,600 to . elevation at the top of Spring Mountain amid fir and madrona. Some of the vines are planted on slopes angling over 30 degrees. There are of Riesling, of Chardonnay, of Cabernet Sauvignon, of Cabernet Franc and of Merlot.
Wines.
Smith-Madrone's current varietals are Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Riesling and Cook's Flat Reserve. Stuart's brother Charles Smith is the winemaker. Charles joined the winery in 1973. Production of the first vintage was in 1977. There are less than 5,000 cases released each year.
Smith-Madrone is most known for its benchmark Riesling, "one of the most coveted California Rieslings", and was voted "The Best Riesling in the World" by the Gault-Millau International Wine Championships in Europe in 1979. The Smith-Madrone Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay have also won several gold medals at various wine fairs across California such as the San Francisco International Wine Fair and Critic’s Challenge.
References.
2. Food & Wine Magazine, October 2013, http://www.foodandwine.com/articles/worlds-best-riesling-wine-regions?utm_content=bufferf48d9&utm_source=buffer&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=Buffer;
3. Napa Valley Register, September 2013, http://napavalleyregister.com/lifestyles/food-and-cooking/wine/two-brothers-discovered-wine-and-never-looked-back/article_dbf2be42-1699-11e3-b18c-0019bb2963f4.html

</doc>
<doc id="19104776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104776" title="Nautsiyoki River">
Nautsiyoki River

Nautsiyoki River () is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is in length. The river originates in the Lake Ala-Nautsiyarvi and flows into the Paatsjoki River. Its biggest tributary is the Kokhisevanjoki River.

</doc>
<doc id="19104786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104786" title="Ivan Grigorovich">
Ivan Grigorovich

Ivan Konstantinovich Grigorovich ()(26 January 1853 — 3 March 1930) served as Imperial Russia's last Naval Minister from 1911 until the onset of revolution in 1917.
Early career.
Grigorovich was from a Russian noble family and opted for a military career after the death of his father, Konstantin Ivanovich Grigorovich. Graduating from the Sea Cadet Corps in 1874 Grigorovich served as an officer on various ships. In 1893, he was promoted to captain, 1st rank. In 1896 to 1898 he was appointed Russian naval attaché in London. In 1899 he appointed to command the battleship , which was being completed in France. In 1903 "Tseserevish" sailed to Port Arthur. 
During the surprise Japanese torpedo boats attack on Port Arthur, starting the Russo-Japanese War, "Tsesarevich" was hit by a Japanese torpedo but remained afloat and contributed to driving off the Japanese attack. Grigorovich was awarded the Order of St Vladimir, 3rd class with swords for his role in the battle. After the death of Admiral Stepan Makarov, he was promoted to rear admiral and appointed chief of Port Arthur's port. Under his effective management, Russian Pacific squadron had no shortage of coal, munitions or any supplies during the Siege of Port Arthur. In 1904 he was also awarded with the Order of Saint Stanislaus, 1st class.
As admiral.
After the end of the war Grigorovich was appointed chief of staff of the Black Sea Fleet. He was appointed commander of the naval base at Libau in 1908 awarded the Order of St Anna, 1st class, and became commander of the naval base at Kronstadt in 1909. In 1909 he was appointed Deputy Navy Minister and promoted to admiral in 1911. From 1911 until the onset of revolution in 1917 he served as Russia's Naval Minister, overseeing a huge rearmament programme. The naval build-up included building four "Gangut"-class battleships for the Baltic Fleet and four "Imperatritsa Mariya"-class battleships for the Black Sea Fleet. He personally visited the shipyards and the different fleets of Imperial Russia to supervise the progress of the construction of warships, training of aircrew and sailors. He enjoyed good relationships with the Duma and used his popularity to secure huge extra funds to expand the navy. He remained in charge of the Imperial Russian Navy through most of World War I. He was chairman of the Admiralty Board from 1911 to 1915, and was a member of the State Council from 1913 to 1917.
Grigorovich was politically sympathetic to the Octobrist Party and was nominated as a candidate for Prime Minister in 1916; however his candidacy was rejected due to objections from dowager tsarina Maria Feodorovna over Grigorovich’s liberal views. 
Post-Revolution.
Grigorovich was dismissed from office in the wake of the February Revolution on 31 March 1917. He served on the Historical Commission and was asked to write his memoirs (which were only published in 1993, after the fall of the Soviet Union. However, he was dismissed in October 1921 due to downsizing, and lived in extreme poverty, suffering frequently from pneumonia. From his retirement he asked for permission to get medical treatment abroad, and left for France in the autumn of 1924. He lived in exile in France in poverty until his death in 1930, with an income by selling his own oil paintings of seascapes. On his death, he was initially buried in the Russian Cemetery in Menton. In 2005 the urn containing his ashes was taken aboard the cruiser , which carried his remains to Novorossiysk. The ashes were then flown to Saint Petersburg and buried in his family vault in the Alexander Nevsky Lavra in accordance with his will.
The Russian Navy has named the first of the "Admiral Grigorovich"-class frigates after Ivan Grigorovich.

</doc>
<doc id="19104800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104800" title="Belgium at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Belgium at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Belgium sent a delegation of 21 athletes (20 male, 1 female) to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The nominated athletes are listed below with their individual classification and disciplines.
Belgium's overall result of just one bronze medal was its poorest ever at the Summer Paralympics. Its rank of 69th on the medal table was a sharp decline from four years earlier, where 3 gold medals, 2 silver and 2 bronze had placed it 36th. The 2008 Games were the first since 1968 at which Belgium failed to win at least one gold medal.
Medallists.
The country won one medal, a bronze.
Athletics.
3 competitors:
"Pentathlon"
Cycling.
2 competitors:
"Time trials & Road races"
"Pursuits"
Equestrian.
2 competitors:
Goalball.
6 competitors:
Men
Swimming.
2 competitors:
Table Tennis.
3 competitors:
Dimitri Ghion, who had been nominated as a Singles player in the TT4 category, had to withdraw his start due to injury.
Wheelchair Tennis.
2 competitors:

</doc>
<doc id="19104813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104813" title="Lunar Paraphrase">
Lunar Paraphrase

"Lunar Paraphrase" is a poem from the second (1931) edition of
Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry,
"Harmonium." One of Stevens's
"war poems" from "Lettres d'un Soldat" (1918), it is in the public
domain.
The poem makes use of a late autumn night to express a mood. It appropriates Christian images in a manner that is consistent with a naturalism that disclaims religious belief. (See Sunday Morning for another expression of that outlook.) Stevens's post-Christian sensibility channels emotions into nature rather than God and associated religious figures like Jesus and Mary. In this case, pathos and pity are channeled into autumn and the moon. Vendler has proposed that the weather is the only phenomenon to which Stevens was passionately attached, and a poem like "Lunar Paraphrase" shows how that might be true, when the weather is understood as representing nature as a focus for emotions that otherwise might have been given religious expression. Stevens's poetic naturalism was a significant achievement, from which he may or may not have retreated at the end of his life, depending on what one makes of the evidence of a deathbed conversion to Catholicism.
The movement of the moon's old light may be compared to the light in Tattoo, which crawls over the water like a spider.

</doc>
<doc id="19104823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104823" title="Phillips Mansion">
Phillips Mansion

The Phillips Mansion is a Second Empire style historic house in Pomona, Los Angeles County, California. It was built in 1875 by Louis Phillips, who by the 1890s had become the wealthiest man in Los Angeles County. Situated along the Butterfield Stage route, the Phillips Mansion became a center of community activity in the Pomona and Spadra area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974, making it among the first 25 sites in Los Angeles County to be so designated (There are now more than 450).
Louis Phillips.
The Phillips Mansion was built in 1875 by Louis Phillips (c. 1830 - 1900). Phillips was born in Prussia and moved to California in the early 1850s. He moved to Spadra (now part of Pomona) in 1862 and began engaging in sheep herding and cattle raising. In 1864, he purchased of the old Rancho San Jose for $30,000. In 1867, he married Esther Blake, with whom he had three sons (Charles, George and Louis, Jr.) and two daughters (Mrs. Frank George and adopted daughter, Kate Cecil). He also acquired large land holdings in other parts of the county, including the Los Angeles business district where he owned the Phillips Block on Spring Street, a block on Los Angeles Street and another on Third Street. By 1892, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Phillips, "who lives so quietly out at Spadra, near Pomona," was "the richest man in Los Angeles County." The "Times" noted that Phillips was worth "not a dollar less than $3,000,000" and stated that, in addition to his land holdings in Los Angeles, he had a ranch that produced wool, honey and wheat.
Architecture of the house.
The Phillips Mansion was built in 1875 at a cost of over $20,000. It has been described as having been built in the "Second Empire" or "Classic Haunted Mansion architectural style." It was built with walls, ceilings and six fireplaces. The bricks were made at the site by Joseph Mulally of Los Angeles. With its use of a mansard roof, some have described it as being "in the style of the New Orleans French homes." Another writer noted that it "looks as if it had been lifted bodily from the tree-lined street of a midwestern county seat," the "kind of house the banker of such a town would build for himself." The interior of the mansion is finished in cherry and maple wood that was hauled by horse and wagon from San Pedro. The mansion represented a number of firsts in the Pomona Valley, including the following:
Other than two Mexican-era adobe structures (the Ygnacio Palomares Adobe and the La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose), the Phillips Mansion is also the oldest surviving house in the Pomona Valley. It has been named "one of the ten most stately mansions in Southern California."
History.
Rancho San Jose.
The property on which the Phillips Mansion was built is part of the 22,000 Rancho San Jose land grant awarded in 1837 by Gov. Juan B. Alvarado to Ricardo Vejar and Ygnacio Palomares. The Phillips Mansion was preceded by an adobe built in the 1860s, when the property was still part of the Rancho San Jose. Even before the construction of the Phillips Mansion, it was said that "the cluster of buildings by San Jose Creek at the foot of the Spadra Hills" was the center of life on the rancho. 
Use by Louis Phillips.
In 1864, Schlesinger and Tischler acquired the ranch in a foreclosure, and Phillips, who had previously been a manager on the ranch, bought out of the foreclosure for $30,000. In January 1874, the Southern Pacific Railroad completed a rail line from Los Angeles to Spadra, spurring interest in land development in the area. In 1875, Phillips built the mansion and also sold most of his for subdivision into the Pomona Tract, thus beginning the formation of Pomona. Phillips was one of the local land promoters (along with Garey, Holt and Towne) who laid out the town of Pomona in the summer of 1875, naming the new community after the goddess of fruit trees. However, Phillips preferred Spadra to Pomona (which Phillips called "monkey town"), and retained surrounding his mansion, which he operated as a cattle and sheep ranch.
It has been said that the Phillips Mansion "heralded the Yankee period" in the Pomona Valley. The mansion was a stage stop located where the Butterfield Stage Route intersected with the San Bernardino-Los Angeles Stage Road. Phillips also became postmaster for the Spadra area, and the mansion became both the post office and a center of social activities for the scattered settlers of the Pomona Valley in the late 19th Century.
Changes in ownership.
Phillips died from pneumonia at the mansion in 1900. His widow lived at the mansion until 1916, and it remained in the Phillips family until 1931, when his grandson, Cecil George, sold it to Paul T. Boyle of Los Angeles. At that time, the property consisted of the house and with of frontage on Pomona Boulevard. George, who then lived in Hollywood, retained of walnut groves.
In 1942, the house was sold to C.H. Brandmyer from Glendale, California. At that time, the property consisted of the house and of citrus, and the "Los Angeles Times" reported that the home had never been remodeled.
During World War II, the house was converted into an apartment house. At one time, the house was cut up like a rooming house into four apartments, and the dark interior woodwork was painted over. By 1959, ownership of the property had passed to Earl Isbil. 
Acquisition and operation by Historical Society.
During the 1960s, the area surrounding the Phillips Mansion had become largely industrial. In 1966, the mansion had been heavily vandalized, and plans were announced to sell the property to a buyer who intended to build a paint factory on the site. At that time, the Historical Society of Pomona Valley, led by Fred W. Sharp, began a campaign to save the old mansion. The Historical Society ultimately purchased the mansion and restored it as a Yankee period museum to complement the Ygnacio Palomares Adobe, which was operated by the Historical Society as a museum focusing on the Mexican period. Pomona architect Amos W. Randall was in charge of the renovation master plan, and the restored mansion was opened for its first public viewings in 1978. Title to the mansion was later transferred to the City of Pomona, and the city and Historical Society now operate the mansion jointly.
In 1981, a time capsule containing handmade bricks and squared nails from the Phillips Mansion, was buried at the entrance to a master-planned community called "Phillips Ranch." The community consistes of 3,000 new single-family homes and was built on the site of Louis Phillips' ranch.
The Phillips Mansion was damaged in the February 1990 Upland earthquake and the June 1991 Sierra Madre earthquake. The earthquakes caused the mansion's chimney to topple and resulted in cracks throughout the structure. The house was reopened on a limited basis for tours in October 1991, though visitors were required to wear hard hats.
Between 2002 and 2008, the Historical Society and the City of Pomona have undertaken extensive renovation work on the house, which has been closed during this time. In July 2008, the mansion suffered a further setback when it was damaged in the Chino Hills earthquake. Though the house had been scheduled to reopen to the public in the fall of 2008, visible cracks in the front of the building and back porch raised doubts about the date of its reopening. Though closed for most purposes, the Phillips Mansion has remained open for haunted house events and occasional school tours.

</doc>
<doc id="19104838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104838" title="Michael Butterworth (American football)">
Michael Butterworth (American football)

Michael Butterworth (born January 7, 1985 in Northern Cambria, Pennsylvania) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent of the National Football League. He was signed by the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Slippery Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="19104841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104841" title="Direct Action and Research Training Center">
Direct Action and Research Training Center

The Direct Action and Research Training Center (DART) provides training and consultation for its 18 affiliated congregation-based community organizations. Founded in 1982, DART is headquartered in Miami, Florida. As of 2013, DART has 20 affiliated organizations in seven states. Rev. John Aeschbury is the executive director. DART is the fourth largest congregation-based community organizing network in the United States, after the Industrial Areas Foundation, Gamaliel Foundation, and PICO National Network.
History.
In 1977 the United Church of Christ’s Homeland Ministries Board hired John Calkins to organize a senior citizens organization in Miami. Concerned Seniors of Dade helped organize African American congregations in Miami following a three-day riot in 1980. The DART Center was incorporated in 1982 to build a statewide network of congregation-based organizations throughout Florida, and Calkins was hired as executive director. In the 1990s DART was invited to help build organizations in Ohio and Kentucky. Between 2001 and 2013, DART added organizations in Indiana, Kansas, South Carolina, and Virginia.
Governance.
DART has a ten-person board of directors, and five professional national staff. 
Current program.
DART affiliates typically have a broad agenda of issues, including public education improvement, crime and drug reform, healthcare provisions, affordable housing, economic opportunity, accessible public transportation, neighborhood revitalization, and youth and elderly services.
Training.
DART holds a five-day national leaders workshops once a year for local leaders, and an annual three-day national clergy conference. The DART Organizers Institute, established in 2001, is an annual four-month training program for organizers beginning each July. Since 1982 DART has trained over 10,000 community leaders and 150 professional organizers.
Affiliates.
DART has ten affiliates in Florida, three in Ohio, two each in Virginia and Kentucky, and one each in Indiana, Kansas and South Carolina. DART and affiliates employ some 35 professional organizers.
DART affiliates with web pags are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="19104860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104860" title="Zapadnaya Litsa River">
Zapadnaya Litsa River

Zapadnaya Litsa River ( ; ) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. It is 107 km in length. The area of its basin is 1,190 km². The Zapadnaya Litsa River originates on the Kuchintundra and flows into the Barents Sea. Its biggest tributary is the Lebyazhka River.
From 1941 - 1944 the Litsa River formed the Arctic frontline between German/Finnish troops west of the river -trying to capture Murmansk- and Soviet troops on the east, defending the city. This frontier was of vital importance for both sides, as Murmansk was the only Soviet harbour left in Europe and the northern route to Murmansk and Arkhangelsk supplied the Soviet Union with approximately 25% of all lend-lease aid. During the stalemate that lasted four years, thousands perished in the tundras on both sides of the river. At the time the Litsa valley was called Death Valley (Долина смерти, Dolina smerti) by the Soviets; though later the expression Valley of Honor (Долина славы, Dolina slavy) became fashionable. 
The defense of Murmansk succeeded; the Germans never reached the city and the supply lines were not seriously interrupted, although the Germans bombed Murmansk to rubble from occupied Norway. See also: Operation Silver Fox and Operation Platinum Fox.
The remains of the WW II fighting (trenches, pillboxes, defense pits etc.) can be visited with some specialised travel agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="19104869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104869" title="Justice (1993 film)">
Justice (1993 film)

Justice () is a 1993 German-language film directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer. It was an international co-production between Germany and Switzerland. Based on the 1985 novel "The Execution of Justice" by Friedrich Dürrenmatt, the film was chosen as Germany's official submission to the 66th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination.
Plot.
Isaak Kohler (Maximilian Schell) coolly walked up to a man everyone assumed was his friend and shot him dead. This took place in front of dozens of witnesses in a busy restaurant, and there was no question about his guilt. What he never revealed was his motive. He has been in prison serving a twenty-year sentence ever since. Perhaps in order to ease his daughter's pain about the incident, he has hired a legal representative to arrange for him to receive a retrial. He is still unforthcoming about his reasons for committing the crime, and invites the struggling lawyer to make something up. This crime and courtroom drama is based on a novel by Friedrich Dürrenmatt, whose works are highly respected within the German-speaking intellectual community but whose appeal has proved difficult to translate.

</doc>
<doc id="19104871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104871" title="2007 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final">
2007 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final

The 2007 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final was a hurling match held at Croke Park, Dublin on 2 September 2007. The match was the 120th All-Ireland hurling final and was contested by Kilkenny and Limerick, with Kilkenny winning 2–19 to 1–15. It was the first meeting of these two sides in the All-Ireland final since 1974 when Kilkenny were the winners. Kilkenny were aiming to capture a second All-Ireland title in succession while Limerick were hoping to capture a first title since 1973. The prize for the winning team was the Liam McCarthy Cup.
Prior to the event, Kilkenny goalkeeper James McGarry's wife Vanessa died in a road accident.
Previous championship encounters.
This particular fixture has been infrequent in the history of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship due to the provincial structure of the championship from 1888 to 1996. Kilkenny have played Limerick a total of eight times in the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship. As of 2007 the scores were level with both Kilkenny and Limerick recording four victories over each other.
Paths to the final.
Limerick.
At the start of the year Limerick were given little chance of success by most of the pundits and commentators. The last time the team won a game in the provincial championship was 2001 and few gave them any chance against Tipperray, their opponents in the Munster semi-final. 26,000 people witnessed that game with Tipp looking the likely winners. A goal from substitute Pat Tobin brought Limerick level to 1–19 late on to send the game to a replay. Early in the second-half of the replay it looked as if Tipperary were going to run out the easy winners when they led by ten points. Limerick fought back to level the game by the final whistle. A period of extra time was played, however, after 160-minute sof hurling the sides couldn't be separated. Result: Tipperary 2–12 – Limerick 1–24. Eight days later both sides met for the third time. Remarkably, after the seventy minutes had been played both sides were still level and anothe rperiod of extra time had to be played. After a three-game saga watched by over 80,000 people Limerick claimed their first victory in the pprovincial championship in six years when they won by 0–22 to 2–13. The reward for this victory was a Munster final meeting with Waterford. It was their first appearance in the provincial decider since 2001 and the first Limerick-Waterford Munster final since 1934. The game saw Waterford's Dan Shanahan run riot and capture three goals as Limerick were well beaten by 3–17 to 1–14. In spite of this Limerick still qualified for the All-Ireland quarter-final where they were drawn to play their near-neighbours Clare. Limerick were the favourites going into the game in spite of having lost quarter-finals in 2001, 2005 and 2006. The favourites tag was well justified and they won more comfortably than the 1–23 to 1–16 score line suggests. This win set up a rematch with Waterford in the All-Ireland semi-final. Having lost the Munster final to them, Waterford were the red-hot favourites going into the game. In spite of their underdog status Limerick produced an incredible display of goalpoaching to defeat Waterford by 5–11 to 2–15 in a thrilling All-Ireland semi-final. It was heart-breaking for Waterford who had to suffer a fourth defeat at the penultinate stage of the championship inside nine years.
Match details.
First half.
At 3:30 pm match referee Diarmuid Kirwan threw in the sliothar and the 2007 championship decider was on. Kilkenny justified their favouritism in the opening exchanges as they dictated the play to a Limerick side that may have had All-Ireland nerves. Kilkenny were the first team to open their scoring account courtesy of two points from a Henry Shefflin free and an Eoin Larkin effort from play. Limerick were struggling at this stage, however, Kilkenny awarded no respite to the Munster men. After eight minutes of play Kilkenny were awarded a line ball. James ‘Cha’ Fitzpatrick dispatched the sliothar in as far as goal-poacher supreme Eddie Brennan. He made no mistake in rounding corner-back Séamus Hickey and sending a low shot across goalkeeper Brian Murray and into the Limerick net. Less than a minute later another long delivery from Fitzpatrick found Shefflin at the edge of the square. After fielding the sliothar the Kilkenny captain made used his strength to brush past full-back Stephen Lucey and flick the sliothar into the net for a second goal. Eoin Larkin added to the Munster men’s misery as he pointed once again. 10 mins: 2–3 – 0–0.
Limerick found their way after this opening bombardment with Andrew O'Shaughnessy firing over a free to open their scoring account. The ‘treaty’ men didn’t register their first score from play until the fifteen-minute mark when Donal O'Grady split the posts to reduce the deficit to seven. Seán O'Connor sent over a third unanswered point for Limerick shortly afterwards. Eddie Brennan was giving Séamus Hickey a torrid time in the full back line and he rifled over another point for ‘the Cats’ in the sixteenth minute. 16 mins: 2–4 – 0–3.
Ollie Moran was now leading the attack for Limerick and he made no mistake in sending over two quick points from play to reduce Kilkenny’s lead to five points. Up at the other end of the field Henry Shefflin was having an off day as he struck some uncharacteristic wides into the canal end of the stadium. Eoin Larkin, however, was given plenty time and space to send over his third point of the game after twenty minutes. Limerick’s scores were at a premium as high balls into Brian Begley proved fruitless. The loss of Noel Hickey to a hamstring injury in the twenty-third minute resulted in manager Brian Cody make some positional switches and spring John Tennyson from the substitute’s bench. Almost immediately Kilkenny regained the upper hand with Eddie Brennan breaking through for what would have been his second goal. The brilliance of Séamus Hickey, however, diverted Brennan’s attention and all he got was a point. Henry Shefflin nonchalantly struck over another point from all of 65 metres out while Richie Power entered the game in place of Willie O'Dwyer. 25 mins: 2–7 – 0–5.
Donie Ryan helped Limerick to get back on track when he set up Mike FitzGerald who clawed back another score for his side. His effort was cancelled out almost immediately as Eoin Larkin, who was giving a fantastic display, made an excellent catch and scored his fourth point from four attempts. A harsh foul by Tommy Walsh presented Andrew O’Shaughnessy with a simple point from a free which he converted with ease. Ollie Moran continued to get the Limerick attack back on track as he fired over his third point of the day. The Kilkenny men, however, kept their cool and restored their seven-point lead with another Eddie Brennan point after Henry Shefflin made the score. Up at the other end of the field Limerick were awarded another free after a Brian Hogan misdemeanor, however, the shot went wide. Tommy Walsh made a great run from the half-back line to register the final score of the opening half for Kilkenny. There was concern for ‘the Cats’ when Henry Shefflin pulled up with a suspected cruciate injury late in the half. At the half-time break Kilkenny were in complete control of the game. 35 mins: 2–10 – 0–8.
Second half.
Shefflin’s injury resulted in him retiring to the stands for the second-half. Andrew O’Shaughnessy opened the second-half scoring after he converted a free after a harsh ‘Cha’ Fitzpatrick foul. Three minutes into the half Niall Moran pointed to reduce the deficit to just the two goals as Limerick battled hard. Substitute Richie Power steadied the Leinster men when he sent over a brace of frees, however, ‘Cha’ Fitzpatrick was not so lucky when his two efforts flew wide of the upright. Power increased Kilkenny’s lead to nine points when he landed his third unanswered point in-a-row as Kilkenny were really motoring. Limerick, however, went on the attack again and were thrown a lifeline when Ollie Moran sent a great shot past P. J. Ryan to the roof of the Kilkenny net for Limerick’s first goal of the day. 47 mins: 2–13 – 1–10.
Limerick were now within six points, however, Kilkenny maintained their trademarked coolness. ‘The Cats’ received a great boost soon after when Tommy Walsh made a great run from his corner-back position to score his second point of the day. Andrew O’Shaughnessy popped over a point; however, the game was quickly going beyond them. ‘Cha’ Fitzpatrick responded in kind for Kilkenny before Aidan Fogarty provided another to reestablish an eight-point lead. 55 mins: 2–16 – 1–11.
Donal O’Grady slotted over Limerick’s twelfth point of the match before his side were awarded a free from close range. Andrew O’Shaughnessy went for broke and tried for a goal, however, J.J. Delaney was the hero on the goal line who sent the sliothar out for 65-metre free. O’Shaughnessy also stepped up to take that free, however, he sent it wide. With thirteen minutes left in the game the deficit was reduced to six points as Limerick pointed from a free. Soon afterwards O’Shaughnessy went for broke again, however, his kicked effort was blocked by Jackie Tyrrell for another 65-metre free. O’Shaughnessy made no mistake this time as the sliothar sailed over the crossbar to eat into Kilkenny’s lead once again.
Kilkenny fought back again with Eddie Brennan increasing his tally of the day to 1–4 when he sent the sliothar over the bar in the sixty-fourth minute. O’Shaughnessy secured a late consolation point for Limerick, however, Eddie Brennan came back to secure his fifth point of the day and the last score of the game. The final score saw Kilkenny take their thirtieth All-Ireland title with a 2–19 to 1–15 victory over Limerick.

</doc>
<doc id="19104873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104873" title="Coyote Mountain">
Coyote Mountain

Coyote Mountain may refer to the following mountains in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19104883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104883" title="Daily Mail Circuit of Britain Air Race">
Daily Mail Circuit of Britain Air Race

The "Daily Mail" Circuit of Britain Air Race was a British cross-country air race which took place from 1911 until 1914, with prizes donated by the "Daily Mail" newspaper. It was one of several races and awards offered by the paper between 1906 and 1925.
The 1911 race took place on 22 July and was a event with 11 compulsory stops and a circular route starting and finishing at Brooklands in Surrey.
The winner was Jean Conneau in a Blériot XI who took 22 hours, 28 minutes to complete the course, an average speed of and received the first prize of £10,000. The runner up was Jules Védrines in a Morane-Borel monoplane with James Valentine, in a Deperdussin, third.
The 1913 race was for British seaplanes and had a first prize of £5,000. Only one aircraft started the course; it was damaged when landing near Dublin, and did not complete the course. 
The 1914 race, also offering a prize of £5,000, was to have been held between 1 and 15 August. It was cancelled due to the outbreak of the First World War.
1911 competition.
The 1911 Daily Mail Circuit of Britain was a contest for the fastest completion of a course around Great Britain. The proprietors of the Daily Mail offered a £10,000 prize to any aviator to complete an approximately 1,000 miles circuit of Britain in the shortest time. The contest was run by the Royal Aero Club and was held between 22 July 1911 and 5 August 1911. Following the success of the £10,000 competition for the 1910 London to Manchester air race, the editor announced that a further £10,000 prize would be awarded, it would either be between London and Edinburgh and return or London and Paris and return. It was decided that the competition would be a tour round Great Britain and a committee of the Royal Aero Club was formed to set the rules and organize the competition on behalf of the Daily Mail. For an entrance fee of £100 the event was open to all licensed aviators, and as well as the Daily Mail prize a number of smaller prizes were also offered. The circuit was to start and finish at Brooklands, and the competitors had to land at Hendon, Harrogate, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Stirling, Glasgow, Carlisle, Manchester, Bristol, Exeter, Salisbury and Brighton. Four competitors completed the course, the first and winner of the prize was the Frenchman Lieut Jean Louis Conneau, flying under the name of André Beaumont.
Stage 1 Brooklands to Hendon.
The race began at Brooklands on 22 July 1911 with a short 20 mile section to Hendon Aerodrome, only 21 of the 30 competitors started and 19 headed for Hendon of which 17 arrived.
Stage 2 Hendon to Edinburgh.
The competitors started to depart on the second stage on 24 July 1911 for the 343 miles from Hendon to Edinburgh with two compulsory stops:
Stage 3 Edinburgh to Bristol.
Total distance 383 miles with stops at Stirling, Glasgow, Carlisle, and Manchester.
Five started from Edinburgh but only four made it to Bristol, they were all to complete the contest.
Stage 4 Bristol to Brighton.
Total distance 224 miles with stops at Exeter, Salisbury Plain.
Stage 5 Brighton to Brooklands.
All competitors had to complete the last 40 miles to Brooklands before 19:30 on 5 August 1911. Beaumont was the first to arrive back on 26 July 1911 - 1 hour 10 minutes before his fellow Frenchman Jules Vedrines - he had travelled 1,010 miles in 22 hours 28 min 18 sec. Valentine, arrived back on the 4 August 1911 followed the next day by Cody who was the fourth and the last to arrive at Brooklands on 5 August 1911.
1913 competition.
The 1913 race, offering prize of £5,000, was for floatplanes, which had to be of all-British construction. The course, totalling had to be completed within 72 hours, although since no flying was allowed on Sundays this period was in practice a day longer. 
The race was divided into the following stages:
Entrants included the Cody Waterplane, the Radley-England Waterplane and the Sopwith Circuit of Britain floatplane.
Cody was killed during a test flight of his design on 7 August when his aircraft broke up in flight, and the Sopwith, flown by Harry Hawker with Harry Kauper as passenger, was the only aircraft to start; it retired after being damaged in an emergency landing near Dublin having completed about two-thirds of the course. Hawker was given a prize of £1,000 for his effort.

</doc>
<doc id="19104893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104893" title="Karen Chance">
Karen Chance

Karen Chance is an urban fantasy novelist. She grew up in Orlando, Florida. She has lived in France, Great Britain, Hong Kong and New Orleans, where she has taught history. She is currently living in DeLand, Florida.
Chance has had books on the "New York Times" and "USAToday" bestselling lists.

</doc>
<doc id="19104894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104894" title="Viva la banda">
Viva la banda

Viva La Banda is the 11th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1990
"Caray" is a song by Juan Gabriel.

</doc>
<doc id="19104914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104914" title="James Tomkinson">
James Tomkinson

James Tomkinson PC (1840 – 10 Apr 1910) was an English landowner and Liberal Party politician.
Born in 1840, Tomkinson lived at Willington Hall, Chester, and was High Sheriff of Cheshire in 1887. In 1895, he unsuccessfully contested Nuneaton for the Liberals but at the 1900 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Crewe, holding the seat until his death in April 1910. He was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Cheshire in 1901, became Second Church Estates Commissioner in 1907, and member of the Privy Council in November 1909.
In 1871 Tomkinson married Emily Frances Palmer, a daughter of Sir George Palmer, 3rd Baronet and his wife Emily Elizabeth Holford. 
Tomkinson died 10 April 1910 from injuries sustained in a fall while participating in the House of Commons Steeplechase.

</doc>
<doc id="19104915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104915" title="CSS Tuscaloosa (cruiser)">
CSS Tuscaloosa (cruiser)

The CSS "Tuscaloosa" was a ship captured by the Confederate States Navy, during the American Civil War, and was originally known as the American bark "Conrad". While en route from Buenos Aires to New York with a cargo of wool and goat skins, she was captured by the CSS "Alabama" on June 20, 1863 during the CSS Alabama's South Atlantic Expeditionary Raid. Being fast and well adapted for a cruiser, Capt. Raphael Semmes, CSN, commissioned her the next day as a cruiser and tender to the "Alabama", renaming her "Tuscaloosa". Two rifled brass 12-pounders and a plentiful supply of rifles, pistols and ammunition were transferred to her with enough provisions for a 3-month cruise. Lt. J. Low, CSN, with 15 men, was ordered on board with instructions for an African cruise in the direction of the Cape of Good Hope.
On July 31, 1863 "Tuscaloosa" captured the American ship "Santee" with a cargo of rice and bonded her for $150,000. On August 8, Low brought his ship into Simon's Bay in South Africa, departing thence for a 90-day cruise during which he stopped at Angra Pequena, Southwest Africa, to discharge Tuscaloosa's cargo of wool and goat skins. On November 19, 1863 he put into St. Catherine's, Brazil, for supplies but was not allowed to purchase them and was informed he must depart before nightfall.
From there "Tuscaloosa" returned to Simon's Bay on December 26, 1863 only to be seized the next day by British authorities as an uncondemned prize which had violated the neutrality of Her Majesty's Government. They ordered her to be held until properly reclaimed by her original owners. Lieutenant Low and his men left the ship and an officer and men from HMS "Narcissus" were placed on board. Her owners did not reclaim her and in March 1864 she was released by the British authorities. The Confederate States Navy was in no position to reclaim her, and so after the war, she was turned over to the Union Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="19104949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104949" title="Eric Longworth">
Eric Longworth

Eric Longworth (20 July 1918 – 20 August 2008) was a British actor, best known for his semi-regular part in Dad's Army as Mr. Gordon, the town clerk of Walmington-on-Sea.
Eric Groves Longworth was born in Shaw, Lancashire. He had decided from an early age to become an actor, but had his hopes dashed when his father died and Eric had to help support the family. He was 17 at the time. Up to his call up in 1939, which included a spell in Bombay, he had joined the Crompton Stage Society, a local amateur company, playing character parts to stall his ambitions.
After demob, he decided to go professional, joining the Oldham Coliseum Theatre, staying with them for 11 years. He rose to become theatre manager at Oldham, and later became the manager of the old Guildford Theatre until 1963; at both theatres he continued to act, and occasionally direct, as well as managing. His first television appearance was in 1963, and was usually cast as civil servants or retired colonels. Longworth appeared in a 1972 episode of "Lollipop" written by Jimmy Perry, which could have led to him being chosen for the part of the Town Clerk. During the Dad's Army Stage Show, Longworth understudied (but, as he states, was thankfully never used for) Arthur Lowe. He also made a few films, and spent time flying around the globe visiting family, mixed in with the occasional voice over work, and appearances for the DAAS. He also appeared in other Jimmy Perry and David Croft sitcom Hi De Hi as a Head Waiter. Years Active 1963 - 1996
He had been a regular at Dad's Army events over the years. His most recent public appearance was at the Dad's Army 40th Birthday celebrations at the Imperial War Museum in London. He died on 20 August 2008. His funeral was held on 5 September.

</doc>
<doc id="19104966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104966" title="Somatopsychic">
Somatopsychic

Somatopsychic (from Greek: "somato", "body" and "psychikosis", "of the soul, mental") is a medical term for the effects of the body on the mind. Somatopsychic is used to describe a body-mind relationship, as does psychosomatic medicine. Psychosomatic, however, refers to the mind's effect on the body.

</doc>
<doc id="19104969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104969" title="Hillsea Point Rock">
Hillsea Point Rock

Hillsea Point Rock is an area of the English Channel located 0.5 nm south-east of Hillsea Point, Devon. It consists of seven or eight pinnacles ranging in depth between 25 metres on the sea bed and 2 metres at the surface
The one pinnacle at is split in two, from top to bottom in the north-south line. The crack is narrow at the top but is about 1 metre wide at a depth of about 23 metres providing a "swim through" of about 15 metres for divers.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19104970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104970" title="1987 Argentine Open (tennis)">
1987 Argentine Open (tennis)

The 1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was an Grand Prix tennis tour tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from November 16 to November 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19104979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19104979" title="Gilbert Bozon">
Gilbert Bozon

Gilbert Bozon (19 March 1935 – 21 July 2007) was a French swimmer and Olympic medalist.
Career.
Bozon was born in Troyes. He competed at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, where he received a silver medal in 100 m backstroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19105026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105026" title="Romantica y calculadora">
Romantica y calculadora

Romantica Y Calculadora is the 13th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1992

</doc>
<doc id="19105038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105038" title="Clever Lane Montessori School">
Clever Lane Montessori School

Clever Lane Montessori School is a private, K-12 Montessori school located in San Leonardo, Nueva Ecija, Philippines.
History.
The school was co-founded by Ronaldo Jampil and his colleagues. The school was established at the start of school year 2000-01. Initially called the Clever Lane Learning Center, it was originally located in Rizal Street. It then offered only preschool with just a single classroom. In the following years the school grew and added primary classes. In 2007, Clever Lane Learning Center was changed to Clever Lane Development School by extending to include secondary streams up to Grade 12.
As the school expanded, more classrooms were required. This resulted in Clever Lane opening a new two-storey building located in Poblacion, a quarter mile away from the previous location. The new building more than doubled the previous number of classrooms. Latterly, the school changed to its current name, Clever Lane Montessori School.
Accreditation.
Clever Lane Montessori School is recognized by the Department of Education in region III.

</doc>
<doc id="19105057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105057" title="Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Switzerland took part at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Dublin, Ireland. Their entry was Canadian singer Annie Cotton with the song "Moi, tout simplement".
A national final was held to select the Swiss entry, held on 6 February 1993, and hosted by the 1991 entrant for Switzerland Sandra Simó.
National final.
The Swiss final was held at the DRS TV studios in Zürich.
At Eurovision.
Cotton performed 4th on the night of the contest, following Germany and preceding Denmark. At the close of the voting the song had received 148 points, placing 3rd of 25, behind winner Ireland and runner-up United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19105061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105061" title="Regilio Seedorf">
Regilio Seedorf

Regilio Seedorf (born 13 December 1988) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Armenian club Gandzasar F.C. as a Forward.
Career.
Born in Rotterdam, Seedorf began his career with the youth team of Sparta Rotterdam, before making his professional debut for Belgian club Beveren. After leaving the club in 2009, he signed for Cypriot team Atromitos Yeroskipou in January 2010, before returning to the Netherlands with Oss in July 2010. He made one appearance in the KNVB Cup for Oss, as well as four appearances in the Topklasse, before moving to Lithuanian club FK Tauras Tauragė. In 20 of June 2012 he signed 1 year contract with an option "That if after 6 months he has offer from another club he can go for free" with Gandzasar F.C..
Personal life.
He is related to Clarence Seedorf, Chedric Seedorf, Stefano Seedorf and Jürgen Seedorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19105062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105062" title="Jam Ali Akbar">
Jam Ali Akbar

Jam Ali Akber (Urdu) شهزاده جام علي اكبر خان : Belonged to the Lasbela House of Royal, is the Ex-Provintial Minister of Balochistan Province. He has become Member Provintial Assembly of Balochistan twice.
References.
Lasbela District Government

</doc>
<doc id="19105073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105073" title="Biden (surname)">
Biden (surname)

Biden is an American surname. Joe Biden's father used to claim the name was of Irish origin, but the claim could not be verified.
Some notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19105089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105089" title="Vamonos al Dancing">
Vamonos al Dancing

Vamonos al Dancing is the 14th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1993. Vamonos Al Dancing is the song for Verónica Castro's Show of the same name. 

</doc>
<doc id="19105092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105092" title="Joe West (American football)">
Joe West (American football)

Joe Davis West, Jr. (born February 1, 1984 in Melbourne, Florida) is a gridiron football wide receiver who is currently on the practice roster of the Canadian Football League's Calgary Stampeders. He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Texas-El Paso.
West has also been a member of the New Orleans Saints, Sacramento Mountain Lions, and St. Louis Rams. He is the younger brother of Major League Baseball pitcher Tracy Thorpe.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft, West was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent. He was waived on June 19.
New Orleans Saints.
West was signed by the New Orleans Saints, only to be waived during final cuts on August 30, 2008. He was subsequently re-signed to the team's practice squad.
California Redwoods.
West was drafted by the California Redwoods of the United Football League in the UFL Premiere Season Draft in 2009. He signed with the team on August 18.
Calgary Stampeders.
On May 7, 2012 West headed north to sign as a free agent with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
Joe West caught his first CFL touchdown in the Stampeders' 17–10 win over the Saskatchewan Roughriders on August 25, 2012. Calgary head coach John Hufnagel commented on West after the game: "He executed his assignments well. That's exactly what we got him for." West would finish his first season in the CFL with 24 catches for 353 yards and 2 touchdowns.
West would start in 6 regular season games in the 2013 season totaling 277 yards on 19 pass receptions, with 3 touchdowns. He also added 3 receptions for 101 yards and a touchdown in the Western Final against Saskatchewan. Joe West missed 12 games of the season with a shoulder injury. On January 17 2014 West signed a contract extension with the Calgary Stampeders.

</doc>
<doc id="19105093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105093" title="Maurice Michael Stephens">
Maurice Michael Stephens

Maurice Michael Stephens (20 October 1919–23 September 2004) was a British RAF flying ace of the Second World War. Stephens scored 17 kills, three shared kills, one probable kills and five damaged.
Early life.
Born in Ranchi, India on 20 October 1919, the son of a British Army Officer, Stephens was educated at the Xaverian Colleges at Clapham and Mayfield, Sussex. After school he initially joined the Port of London Authority, before going to the Royal Air Force College Cranwell in 1938. At Cranwell he excelled in boxing and rowing and was awarded his wings in 1940.
Second World War.
Stephens' first posting was to No. 3 Squadron RAF, with whom he fought during the Battle of France. He became the Flight Commander of B Flight during this battle, while still holding the rank of Pilot Officer. On his return from France he was awarded the DFC and Bar, which were gazetted at the same time (and in fact on the same page of the London Gazette):
Distinguished Flying Cross<br>
This officer has destroyed four enemy aircraft in May, 1940, and led his flight with courage and skill.
Bar to the Distinguished Flying Cross<br>
This officer has continued to lead his flight against formations of enemy aircraft of much superior numbers with such good leadership that he rarely lost any members of his formation. In addition Pilot Officer Stephens brought down four more enemy aircraft recently, bringing his total to eight.
After the fall of France, B Flt was posted to Scotland and reformed as No. 232 Squadron RAF, of which Stephens was Commanding Officer. No 232 Sqn formed part of No. 13 Group RAF during the Battle of Britain. He was promoted Flying Officer on 20 August 1940, in the middle of the Battle.
He next served North Africa where he joined No 274 Squadron and was sent to Turkey for eight months, during which he flew operational patrols along the Bulgarian border. He twice intercepted Italian S-84 reconnaissance aircraft intruding across the border, and shot two down in a Turkish Hurricane, while wearing civilian clothes. In November 1941 he returned to the Western Desert to command No. 80 Squadron. He was shot down and wounded in both feet in December 1941, receiving a DSO in January 1942;
In December, 1941, this officer led a bombing and machine-gun attack on enemy mechanical transport in the Acroma area. Following the attack, Squadron Leader Stephens observed the fighter escort in combat with a force of enemy fighters, but, whilst attempting to participate in the engagement, his aircraft was severely damaged by an enemy fighter pilot whose cannon fire exploded the starboard petrol tank which, with the oil tank, burst into flames. The same burst of fire wounded Squadron Leader Stephens in both feet and blew out the starboard side of the aircraft's cockpit. Squadron Leader Stephens then prepared to abandon aircraft but, when half-way out of the cockpit, he observed an enemy aircraft fly past him. He immediately regained his seat and shot down the enemy aircraft. Squadron Leader Stephens finally, left his crippled aircraft by parachute and landed safely on the ground where he beat out the flames from his
burning clothing. Although he had landed within 300 yards of the enemy's lines, Squadron Leader Stephens succeeded in regaining our own territory within three-quarters of an hour. Throughout, this officer displayed great courage and devotion to duty. Previously, Squadron Leader Stephens led his squadron on operations which were of the greatest value during the battle for Tobruk. His leadership and example proved an inspiration.
He then joined No. 229 Squadron flying Spitfires on Malta in October 1942. He was shot down on 12 October and picked up by an air-sea rescue motor launch. In November we became Wing Commander, Flying of Hal Far airfield. He returned to the UK in 1943 and served in various staff positions, before becoming CFI at 3 OTU in January 1944.
Stephens' final score in the war was 15 (and 3 shared) destroyed, 2 Unconfirmed destroyed, 1 probable and 5 damaged.
Post-war career and personal life.
Stephens continued to serve in the RAF until 1960. After the War he was the first RAF Officer to join the newly formed NATO and had staff appointments with Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe and in the Air Ministry, where he was involved in fighter operations.
He joined the Rolls-Royce company soon afterward and based himself in Paris. He retired altogether in 1980 and lived in the South of France, only to return to Britain in 1992.
In 1942 he married Violet May Paterson, always known as "Blue" because she was given a blue ribbon when she was born to identify her from her twin sister; the couple had a son and a daughter.
Photographs of Stephens' medals and damage to his aircraft appeared in the Daily Telegraph in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19105096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105096" title="Pedro Joaquín Galván">
Pedro Joaquín Galván

Pedro Joaquín Galván (born 18 August 1985) is an Argentine football player, currently playing with the Israeli club Maccabi Petah Tikva.
Galván started his career in 2003 with Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata. In 2005 he joined San Martín de San Juan. He spent 2007 in Ecuador playing for Olmedo before returning to San Martín.
After San Martín were relegated from the Argentine Primera Galván joined Bnei Yehuda.
At the end of the 2012-13 season, Galván joined Maccabi Petah Tikva. On February 22, 2014, he scored his 71st goal in the Israeli Premier League, becoming the league's best scoring foreign player in history, beating former Maccabi Haifa star Đovani Roso. 

</doc>
<doc id="19105098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105098" title="Mount Dana (Washington)">
Mount Dana (Washington)

Mount Dana is a mountain in Washington state, in Olympic National Park. It was named in honor of Charles Dana who was an editor of "The Sun", a New York newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="19105115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105115" title="List of National Scenic Byways in Oregon">
List of National Scenic Byways in Oregon

These are National Scenic Byways in the U.S. state of Oregon. They are officially recognized by the U.S. Department of Transportation for their archeological, cultural, historic, natural, recreational, and/or scenic qualities. "AAR" designates an All-American Road. Type "NSB" is a National Scenic Byway.

</doc>
<doc id="19105144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105144" title="Oldřich František Korte">
Oldřich František Korte

Oldřich František Korte (born 26 April 1926, in Šaľa, Slovakia) is a Czech composer, pianist, publicist and writer.
From 1943 to 1949 he studied at the Prague Conservatory, as a pupil of F. Pícha. He was forced to interrupt his studies in 1944-45, when he was imprisoned in a concentration camp. Following the communist Victorious February in 1948 Korte was once more affected by the political situation in former Czechoslovakia. He was forced to find work out of the artistic professions. Nevertheless, he never gave up his musical and literary activities, and gradually became a respected composer and pianist. 
Korte cooperated with the important Czech experimental theatre "Laterna Magika", whose director Alfréd Radok offered him the post of pianist. He toured four continents with the ensemble of Laterna Magika, and played in more than 3000 performances.
Style.
Korte in his whole musical and literary output takes a non-conformist attitude; he is not a "composer of one style", in whose compositions a strict sense of logic musical rules prevails. He is partly influenced by the works of Bohuslav Martinů and Albert Roussel.
Selected works.
Music
Literature

</doc>
<doc id="19105146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105146" title="Jasper Rootham">
Jasper Rootham

Jasper St John Rootham (21 November 1910 - 28 May 1990), was a civil servant, soldier, central banker, merchant banker, writer and poet.
Biography.
Jasper Rootham was born on 21 November 1910 in Cambridge, UK.
Childhood and adolescence.
Rootham was an only child.
His paternal grandfather was the singer, organist, and conductor Daniel Wilberforce Rootham (1837–1922). His father Cyril Rootham was a well-known musician and composer based at St John's College, Cambridge. His mother Rosamond Margaret Rootham (née Lucas) had been a notable suffragette, and continued as a campaigner on various social issues throughout her life.
Rootham studied at Tonbridge School before moving on to St John's College, Cambridge.
University.
Rootham read Classics at St John's College, Cambridge, and commenced his studies there in 1928. He became acquainted with Enoch Powell with whom he formed a lifelong friendship. (Powell gave the address at Rootham's funeral in Wimborne in 1990.)
During his vacations Rootham travelled in France, Germany and Switzerland, gaining fluency in French and German.
Rootham distinguished himself in the classics, graduating with a double First. While at St John's he also found time for sport (St John's Rugby Club) and music (playing the cello in the Cambridge University Musical Society under the baton of his father Cyril Rootham).
Early career.
Rootham started his working life as a civil servant. At the start of the Second World War, Rootham was working in the office of prime minister Neville Chamberlain, where his fluency in French and German were often called upon during negotiations with the French and German governments. After Chamberlain's resignation in May 1940, Rootham worked for Chamberlain's successor as prime minister Winston Churchill.
Second World War.
Anxious to play his part in the war effort, Rootham resigned from the Civil Service in 1941 in order to join the Special Operations Executive. He was posted to Cairo where he was trained as a parachutist, eventually to be dropped into Yugoslavia. While in Cairo, he also learned Russian in which he became fully fluent. On completion of his training he was parachuted into Yugoslavia with a small team of British soldiers, their purpose being to support the Serb army under Draža Mihailović in their fight against the German army. Rootham became fluent in Serbo-Croat.
However, the policy of the British government later changed, and UK support was switched from Mihailović to the communist partisans under Josip Broz Tito. At that point, Rootham and his British troops were hurriedly withdrawn from Yugoslavia - an action which Rootham regarded as a betrayal of Mihailović. After the war had ended, he wrote an account of this military venture which was published under the title "Miss-Fire".
In 1945, Rootham was posted to Berlin where his fluency in Russian involved him in negotiations with the Soviet army in the run-up to the Potsdam Conference.
Marriage and family.
At the end of the Second World War in 1945, Rootham married Joan McClelland who was a ballerina with Ballet Rambert (later to become the Rambert Dance Company). 
In 1947, they had a son John Daniel ("Dan") Rootham, and in 1951 a daughter Catherine Virginia ("Tutu") Rootham. 
Joan McClelland continued to dance with Ballet Rambert until the birth of their second child, and in later years she also taught at Ballet Rambert.
Post-war career.
On leaving the armed forces, Rootham joined the Bank of England where he remained for twenty years. In the mid-1950s Rootham and his wife travelled to Russia as part of an official delegation sent by the Bank of England. During his career at the Bank of England, Rootham travelled regularly to meetings of the Bank for International Settlements in Basel.
In 1968, Rootham left the Bank of England to join the London merchant bank Lazard Brothers. He was once heard to remark that he made more profit for Lazard in preventing unprofitable deals than in acquiring new business. 
Rootham also held non-executive directorships with the British Sugar Corporation (now British Sugar plc) and with the Agricultural Mortgage Corporation.
Writings.
Throughout his life, Rootham found pleasure in writing. He wrote an autobiographical account of his wartime experiences in Yugoslavia under the title "Miss-Fire". Two novels "Demi-Paradise" and "Cupid and the Willow Wood" followed, and in his later years Rootham published several volumes of poetry.
Musical activity.
Rootham was extremely keen that the music of his father Cyril Rootham should be performed and heard more widely. From 1960 until his death in 1990, Jasper Rootham was tireless in promoting performances and recordings of Cyril's works. Several of these performances were released on LP or CD.
Around 1965 the BBC also broadcast one of Cyril Rootham's major works: his setting of Milton's poem "Ode on the Morning of Christ's Nativity".

</doc>
<doc id="19105156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105156" title="Charles de Vendeville">
Charles de Vendeville

Charles de Vendeville (March 8, 1882 – September 19, 1914) was a French swimmer and olympic champion. He competed at the 1900 Olympic Games in Paris, where he received a gold medal in "underwater swimming".

</doc>
<doc id="19105163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105163" title="Herman Beam">
Herman Beam

Herman Beam (December 11, 1929 – August 27, 1980) was a NASCAR Grand National (now Sprint Cup) driver and team owner from Johnson City, Tennessee who was active as a driver from 1957 until 1963. He is famous for holding the longest streak of races without a DNF, with 84, from 1961 until 1963. He had 57 Top 10 finishes in 194 races.
Driving career.
Beam made his Grand National debut in 1957, finishing 20th in a self-owned Chevy. In 1958, he ran 20 races, with a single top 10 finish. 1959 was his best season, where he started 30 of 44 events, had 12 top 10 finishes including his first career top 5, and finished 4th in points. He made 2 starts in the NASCAR Convertible Division that year. In 1961, Beam suffered an engine failure at Richmond International Raceway. It was the last DNF for 84 races, starting the streak of finishing races that he is most famous for, which ended at Atlanta Motor Speedway in 1963. Beam retired from racing that year, but continued to field cars for other drivers, including Ned Jarrett and Cale Yarborough.
Beam's nickname was "Turtle", reflecting his cautious driving style, which was to finish each race without retiring. His most famous moment was at the 1962 Richmond 250 race at the Atlantic Rural Fairgrounds at Richmond, Virginia. Due to heavy rain, qualifying was cancelled, and the drivers drew for grid positions by lot. Beam drew pole position, but pulled off the track on the pace lap to let the entire field go past. He eventually finished 12th. After the race Beam said that he did not feel comfortable starting in front of faster cars.
Beam's 84-race streak took place over the span of 22 months 10 days, and was being threatened by Clint Bowyer, who if he finished the first ten races of the 2009 season could have tied the record. However, he crashed at the 2009 Southern 500 at Darlington to end his streak at 83 finished races. Bowyer's teammate Kevin Harvick fell three short when his engine failed in the 2009 Auto Club 500 ending his streak at 81 races without a DNF.
Another outstanding mark of Beam's was running the same number throughout his career. In all 194 of his starts, Beam drove only the number 19 in NASCAR Grand National races, a record for officially retired drivers and which is currently being challenged by Jeff Gordon .
Career as an Owner.
After retiring from driving in the middle of the 1963 season, he remained a team owner in NASCAR. He hired Cale Yarborough to drive for him the rest of the season. In 1964, Larry Thomas and Yarborough split the ride for most of the season, with H.B. Bailey, Larry Frank, and Tiny Lund each driving one race for Beam. Yarborough left Beam's team after one race, and JT Putney was hired to drive the car. His team shut down after running only 2 races in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19105164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105164" title="Justin Tubb">
Justin Tubb

Justin Wayne Tubb (August 20, 1935–January 24, 1998) was an American country music singer and songwriter. Born in San Antonio, Texas, he was the oldest son of legendary country singer Ernest Tubb.
Biography.
By 1954 he made it on the country chart with two duets with Goldie Hill—("Looking Back to See" and "Sure Fire Kisses"). A year later, at age 20, he was made a member of the Grand Ole Opry. Tubb had a few recordings of his own that enjoyed success, including "I Gotta Go Get My Baby" and "Take a Letter Miss Gray", but he was more successful as a songwriter. He penned many hit songs for other performers, including "Keeping Up with the Joneses", "Love Is No Excuse", and "Lonesome 7-7203", a hit for Hawkshaw Hawkins. Ultimately, six of his songs won awards. In the late 1950s he roomed with a young, up-and-coming songwriter named Roger Miller. 
During the 1960s, Tubb worked with his father on various business projects. Toward the end of his own life, he completed an album of duets with his father, using recordings Ernest had made before his death. The album, "Just You and Me Daddy" (1999), was released after Justin Tubb died in Nashville on January 24, 1998. He was survived by his widow, Carolyn McPherson Tubb.
Both of his sons (two of Ernest's grandsons)—Cary Tubb (died November 27, 2008, survived by older son Bryce and younger son Codee) and his younger brother Zachary Tubb—became musicians. Cary performed around the U.S. and in England. Zachery has released one album.

</doc>
<doc id="19105168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105168" title="Thomas Tantrum">
Thomas Tantrum

Thomas Tantrum are an indie pop band from Southampton, England.
Biography.
Thomas Tantrum consists of Megan Thomas (lead vocals, guitar), Dave Wade Brown (drums, vocals), David Miatt (guitars, vocals), and Jim Shivers (bass, vocals).
English singer-songwriter Lily Allen is considered one of Thomas Tantrum's famous fans. The band gained greater exposure in 2008 after Allen placed them in the "Top Friends" section of her MySpace page. The band spent much of 2008 touring with bands such as The Futureheads, Glasvegas, White Lies and Dirty Pretty Things.
In 2007 Thomas Tantrum performed live at Maida Vale Studios for BBC Radio One. Their performance at Reading Festival in 2008 was also broadcast on BBC 3 for BBC Introducing. The band were featured on the 27 August 2008 broadcast of "In New Music We Trust," a radio program hosted by Huw Stephens on BBC Radio 1. A live version of their single "Work It" (performed at the Reading Festival) was played. 
"Thomas Tantrum", their self-titled debut album, was released on 1 September 2008.
In a 24 March 2009 update, it was announced via the Thomas Tantrum Facebook page that original drummer Ken Robshaw had left the band as of 10 March. Ian Barnett, friend to bassist Jimmy Shivers, stepped in as drummer for a charity show before the official new drummer Dave Wade Brown was introduced in a MySpace blog entry on 3 April. 
27 March 2011 the band released their debut single from their new album which is called "Sleep". The second single is entitled "Hot hot summer" and will be released in June 2011.
The Band's long awaited and highly anticipated second album "Mad By Moonlight" was released June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19105180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105180" title="A Man for Emmanuelle">
A Man for Emmanuelle

A Man for Emmanuelle () is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Cesare Canevari and starring Erika Blanc.

</doc>
<doc id="19105187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105187" title="André Six">
André Six

André Six (died 1914) was a French swimmer and olympic medalist. He competed at the 1900 Olympic Games in Paris, where he received a silver medal in "underwater swimming".

</doc>
<doc id="19105204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105204" title="List of SNFU band members">
List of SNFU band members

The following is a list of musicians who have played in the Canadian punk rock group SNFU. The band formed in 1981 in Edmonton, Alberta, and relocated to Vancouver, British Columbia a decade later. They have survived two breakups and an extended hiatus in their career, with singer Ken Chinn (known as Mr. Chi Pig) remaining the only constant member. Since their inception, 28 musicians (including two guests) have played in SNFU. 
Chinn co-founded the band with guitarists Brent and Marc Belke, twin brothers who served as long-standing members of the group until 1998 and 2005 respectively. Their first run of activity, spanning from 1981 to 1989, saw membership from four bassists and three drummers. Bassist Warren Bidlock and drummer Evan C. Jones completed their initial lineup, though the latter was replaced by Jimmy Schmitz in 1982. This incarnation continued into 1985, when Dave Bacon replaced Jones before moving to bass after Schmitz's departure, at which time drummer Jon Card joined the group. Ted Simm spelled Card in 1986, while Bacon was replaced by Curtis Creager the following year.
For their 1991 reunion tour, Chinn and the Belke brothers reenlisted Creager and Card. When they returned to full-time activity in their new home of Vancouver several months later, Ken Fleming replaced Creager, while Dave Rees replaced Card shortly thereafter. Rob Johnson began a nine-year tenure as the band's bassist late in 1992, which completed their classic, best-selling, longest-lasting and most prolific lineup.
Brent Belke and Rees both departed early in 1998, and with drummer Sean Stubbs, SNFU became a four-piece band. Chris Thompson replaced Stubbs the following year, while Johnson was replaced by Matt Warhurst in 2001. The band went on hiatus shortly thereafter, however, with Thompson then departing. Chinn, Marc Belke and Warhurst employed studio drummer Trevor MacGregor and finished recordings for a new record in 2003, and returned to activity later that year with new drummer Shane Smith. This era of the group ended in 2005, when they again disbanded.
Two years later, Chinn and Fleming (now playing guitar) began a new incarnation of the group that would go on to involve three bassists, three drummers, and one second guitarist. The initial new lineup was completed by bassist Bryan McCallum and drummer Chad Mareels, although McCallum was soon replaced by Denis Nowoselski. Smith returned as the group's drummer late in 2008, and was spelled two years later by Card. Card thus became the only musician other than Chinn to play in all three eras of the band (being before, between and after the two breakups.) In mid-2010, rhythm guitarist Sean Colig was added, marking the group's first five-member lineup in twelve years. Kerry Cyr replaced Nowoselski in 2012, and Junior Kittlitz spelled Card for touring in late 2013.
In February 2014, the band announced an entirely new touring lineup based around Chinn, the returning Bacon, guitarists Kurt Robertson and Randy Steffes, and drummer Adrian White.

</doc>
<doc id="19105205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105205" title="Angereb River">
Angereb River

The Angereb also known as the Bahr as-Salam is a river of Ethiopia and eastern Sudan, and one of the sources of the Nile. It rises near Daqwa, north of Gondar in the Amhara Region, flowing west to join the Atbarah River. The historic district of Armachiho is located along part of its flow.
The Angereb Dam spans the river, built in 1986 for water supply purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19105214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105214" title="Olaniyi Sobomehin">
Olaniyi Sobomehin

Olaniyi "Nee" Sobomehin Shuh-BO-muh-heen (born October 11, 1984) is an American football fullback who is a free agent. He played college football at Portland State. He was signed by the New Orleans Saints as an undrafted free agent in 2008. After getting injured, he spent his rookie season on Injured Reserve.
Early years.
Sobomehin was born in Portland, Oregon. He attended The Catlin Gabel School in Portland, where he lettered in basketball and track. Because his high school did not field a football team, he played for Cleveland High School in Portland.
College career.
Sobomehin played in 19 games with eight starts after transferring to Portland State. He was PSU's leading rusher as a
senior, gaining 515 yards on 110 carries with eight TDs.

</doc>
<doc id="19105236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105236" title="Nebraska Department of Education">
Nebraska Department of Education

The Nebraska Department of Education is the U.S. State of Nebraska's state education agency responsible for administering public education funding from the U.S. Department of Education and the Nebraska State Legislature. It is headquartered in Lincoln.

</doc>
<doc id="19105240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105240" title="The Archangel">
The Archangel

The Archangel () is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Vittorio Gassman.

</doc>
<doc id="19105258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105258" title="Luke Schoolcraft">
Luke Schoolcraft

Luke Schoolcraft (November 13, 1847 - March 10, 1893) was an American minstrel music composer and performer. He appeared in numerous minstrel shows throughout the North after the American Civil War.
Early life.
Schoolcraft was born in New Orleans, Louisiana into a family of actors and artists. His father, Henry R. Schoolcraft* was an actor who appeared in shows at Crisp's Gaiety Theater and who despite his death before 1860, saw to it that his son Luke and his daughters Jane and Alfreda (who would be famous in her own right as Alfreda Chippendale) all pursued careers in theater. Luke Schoolcraft's first stage performance was in 1851 in "Rolla", the Richard Brinsley Sheridan adaptation of August von Kotzebue's "Pizarro".
Career in minstrelsy.
Minstrelsy was America's first original contribution to the theater arts. It was popular from just before the American Civil War to the end of the 19th Century. Today minstrelsy and its attendant blackface is viewed as racist and anachronistic, however it was the preeminent entertainment in the United States during the life of Luke Schoolcraft, and he was one of the most well-known and successful performers.
In Terre Haute.
By his twenties, Schoolcraft was touring the nation and performing in variety shows. Negroes were not the only ethnic group who were lampooned in minstrel shows; indeed Schoolcraft began performing Dutch songs until several hits as a blackface performer landed him in the minstrel ranks. In 1870 he and his first wife Belle were living in St. Louis, Missouri among a troupe of actors that included George H. Coes. Schoolcraft also had an early association with Billy Emerson and Schoolcraft settled in Terre Haute, Indiana after 1870. He helped form a music academy in a former church that was popularly known as "Luke Schoolcraft's Academy of Music." It was in Terre Haute that Schoolcraft met and wed his second wife, Elizabeth Clark on January 7, 1871.
In New York City.
In 1872, Schoolcraft moved to New York City and made a spectacular debut at Richard M. Hooley's Opera House in Brooklyn on March 25, 1872. Newspapers there declared that he was "an immediate hit." During this period, one of Schoolcraft's original songs, "Oh! Dat Watermelon" became popular. Today, this song is among the best-known minstrel pieces of that era.
Partnership with Coes.
Schoolcraft joined with his old friend George H. Coes in 1874 and they formed "one of the most famous minstrel tandems in history." Schoolcraft & Coes appeared with a number of leading companies including Emerson's Megatherian Minstrels and Barlow, Wilson, Primrose & West. By 1880, the two settled with their families in Cambridge, Massachusetts and continued to tour throughout the country performing their minstrel act in a variety of shows and venues.
When Coes was unable to continue his career due to poor health in 1889, the partnership dissolved. Schoolcraft continued to perform solo as part of a number of shows including Lew Dockstader's popular minstrel troupe. In 1892, Schoolcraft was a star in Russell's Comedians, a troupe of specialty artists. It was with this company that he performed his final show at the Walnut Street Theater in Cincinnati, Ohio. He died on March 10, 1893 in his room at the Hotel Stratford. His body was transported to Boston, his funeral was held at the Church of the Advent and he was buried in Cedar Grove Cemetery in Dorchester, Massachusetts.
Compositions.
Luke Schoolcraft produced a number of songs, but his most well-known pieces were:

</doc>
<doc id="19105261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105261" title="Thomas Keens">
Thomas Keens

Sir Thomas Keens (1870 – 24 November 1953) was a British Liberal later National Liberal politician and accountant.
Family and education.
Keens was born in Luton, Bedfordshire the son of Thomas and Emma Keens (née Hailstone). He was educated privately in Luton and went into business in the town. He entered the accountancy profession, performing well in the examinations for the Incorporated Society of Accountants and the Chartered Institute of Secretaries and he was elected a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Secretaries in 1897. In 1896 he had married Ella Batchelor of Great Missenden. They had two sons (one of whom died in 1950) and a daughter. In religion he was a Congregationalist.
Business career.
After a short spell in a solicitor’s office and then in the office of the Official Receiver in Bankruptcy, London Suburban and Southern District, Keens set up his own accountancy business jointly with Mr A H J Shay and went on to hold the position of senior partner in Keens, Shay, Keens and Company, Incorporated Accountants with a headquarters in the city of London. He also had branches in Bedford, Aylesbury, Leighton Buzzard and Hitchin. He achieved some standing in his profession and was elected in 1926 to be President of the Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors, a position he held until 1929.
Politics.
Keens was first active in local politics, being elected a councillor for the Luton North Ward of Bedfordshire County Council in 1901. He held that seat until 1910. In 1919 he was made an Alderman and he remained a member of the Council until 1952, serving as Chairman of the Finance Committee and from 1935-52 as Chairman of the County Council. He was a Deputy Lieutenant of Bedfordshire and for a time was Chairman of the Lee Catchment (later Conservancy) Board, responsible for the waters of the River Lea. He also served as a Justice of the Peace. He received a knighthood in the New Year Honours List of 1934 for political and public services. Lady Keens was a strong supporter of her husband and in 1944 she became the first woman Mayor of Luton.
Parliamentary politics.
Keens first stood for election to Parliament at Aylesbury at the 1922 general election. In 1923 he stood again, this time winning, despite the intervention of a Labour candidate but in the following year’s election he was beaten again. He tried to get back at Aylesbury at the 1929 general election again without success. During the crisis of 1931 which resulted in the formation of the National Government under Ramsay MacDonald, Keens favoured the Liberal Party’s support of the coalition and sought election as National Liberal for Pontypool in the United Kingdom general election, 1931, but was unable to beat the sitting Labour MP, Thomas Griffiths. He never stood for Parliament again but chose to support publicly the National Conservative candidate Michael Beaumont at Aylesbury during the 1935 general election. Apparently Keens was disillusioned with the way the National Government and its Liberal National supporters under Sir John Simon was turning away from the traditional Liberal policy of Free Trade but he nevertheless preferred to give the Liberal Nationals general support and as the Liberal Party declined he turned in favour of Liberal-Conservative union, being a supporter of Dr Charles Hill and was for a while the leader of the Luton National Liberals. He died at his home, Highfield in Luton aged 83 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19105262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105262" title="Wise Ministry">
Wise Ministry

The Wise Ministry was the 20th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia. It succeeded the Willcock Ministry on 3 August 1945 and was led by Labor Premier Frank Wise, who had previously been Minister for Lands and Agriculture. All of the Ministers continued from the previous Ministry, although in several cases with new or altered responsibilities. The Wise Ministry was succeeded by the McLarty–Watts Ministry on 1 April 1947 after Labor were defeated in the 1947 election.
Frank Wise was sworn in as Premier and Treasurer four days before the change of Ministry. Until 3 August, he also held the portfolios of Lands and Agriculture.
The members of the Wise Ministry were:

</doc>
<doc id="19105268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105268" title="1988 Copa Nabisco Royal Open (tennis)">
1988 Copa Nabisco Royal Open (tennis)

The 1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was an Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from November 7 to November 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19105273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105273" title="Brother of Sleep">
Brother of Sleep

Brother of Sleep () is a 1995 German film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier and based on a novel by Austrian writer Robert Schneider. It was chosen as Germany's official submission to the 68th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19105294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105294" title="Benjamin Hedericus">
Benjamin Hedericus

Benjamin Hedericus (1675–1748) is most notable as author of a Greek lexicon, which was widely used in the Roman Catholic Church in Europe.
He was authored the following: 
He also edited Empedocles' "De Sphaera" and a Latin edition of Tertullian.
Disambiguation.
There was another similarly named individual, Dr Hedericus, who was a Lutheran pastor at Iglau, and an opponent of the Moravian Church in the 16th Century. 

</doc>
<doc id="19105301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105301" title="Nebraska Department of Economic Development">
Nebraska Department of Economic Development

The Nebraska Department of Economic Development is the U.S. State of Nebraska agency responsible for economic development in the state. Created by the Nebraska State Legislature in 1967, the department's emphasis is growing and diversifying the state’s economic base by fostering new investment and commercial spending throughout the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19105305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105305" title="30th Tony Awards">
30th Tony Awards

The 30th Annual Tony Awards was held at the Shubert Theatre on April 18, 1976 and broadcast by ABC television. Hosts were Eddie Albert, Richard Burton, Jane Fonda, Diana Rigg, George C. Scott and Trish Van Devere.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Alan Arkin, Clifton Davis, Bonnie Franklin, Celeste Holm, Cloris Leachman, Michele Lee, Jerry Lewis, Hal Linden, Mary Martin, Mike Nichols, Christopher Plummer, Vanessa Redgrave, Marlo Thomas, Leslie Uggams.
The theme of the show was "The Ones That Got Away", a medley of memorable songs from past musicals that did not win the Tony. Richard Burton performed a scene from "Hamlet".
Musicals represented: 
Winners and nominees.
Source:BroadwayWorld
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19105306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105306" title="Bernard Lauth">
Bernard Lauth

Bernard Lauth was born August 23, 1820 in Alsace, France. He founded the American Iron Works in 1850, and formed a partnership with B.F. Jones in 1851. In 1854, Lauth retired from the steel firm, selling his partnership to James H. Laughlin, who led the company to be renamed Jones and Laughlin Steel Company. He invented and patented the process for cold rolling of iron in 1859. In 1871, he purchased the iron furnace at Howard, Pennsylvania, where he built a rolling mill in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="19105311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105311" title="NEAT chipset">
NEAT chipset

The NEAT chipset (the acronym standing for "New Enhanced AT") was a 3-chip chipset for IBM PC compatible computers. It was developed by Chips and Technologies.
History.
The NEAT chipset descended from the first chipset that C&T had developed for IBM XT-compatible systems, which was based around the 82C100 "XT controller" chip. This chip incorporated the functionality of what had been, until its invention, discrete TTL chips on the XT's mainboard, namely:
The central chip of the NEAT chipset was C&T's 82C206 chip, introduced by C&T in 1986. This chip, like its predecessor the 82C100, provided equivalent functionality to the TTL chips on the PC/AT's mainboard, namely:
NEAT (more officially called CS8221) was actually not the first chipset based on the 82C206, but its predecessor lacked a catchy name, being simply called CS8220. The CS8220 chipset required four extra chips (mainly buffers and memory controllers) for a virtually complete motherboard, while NEAT required only three.
The successor to the NEAT chipset was the SCAT chipset, which amalgamated all of the chips of the NEAT chipset into a single chip, the 82C836. The DS8223 LEAP chipset provided support for LIM EMS 4.0.
Other manufacturers.
Other manufacturers produced equivalent chips. OPTi, for example, produced a two-chip "AT controller" chipset comprising the OPTi 82C206 and 82C495XLC, which was found in many early 80486 and Pentium AT-compatible machines. The OPTi 82C206 provided equivalent functionality to:
The 82C495XLC incorporated the additional memory controller and shadow RAM support.

</doc>
<doc id="19105318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105318" title="Hanks, North Dakota">
Hanks, North Dakota

Hanks is an unincorporated community in Williams County, North Dakota, United States.
Geography.
Hanks is located on North Dakota Highway 50, and has the latitude of 48.603° N, and the longitude of −103.802° W.
The elevation is 2,116 feet (645 m), and is located in the Central Time Zone.
History.
Hanks was founded in 1916 along a Great Northern Railway branch line that ran from Stanley to Grenora. The name honors W.F. Hanks, a banker from Powers Lake. During the 1930s, a man hanged himself in the basement of the town bank. The town was included in the National Geographic article "The Emptied Prairie", published in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19105323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105323" title="1992 ATP Buenos Aires">
1992 ATP Buenos Aires

The 1992 ATP Buenos Aires was an ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was the 21st edition of the tournament was held from October 12 to October 19.

</doc>
<doc id="19105343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105343" title="Kópasker">
Kópasker

Kópasker is a small village with approximately 120 inhabitants in the municipality of Norðurþing, situated on the eastern shore of Öxarfjörður in northeast Iceland.
Overview.
The first residential house in Kópasker, Bakki, was built in 1912 by Árni Ingimundarson. Bakki burned down in 1988. Kópasker grew around the operation of the Co-op, providing services to local agriculture and fisheries. Meat-processing is the biggest industry in Kópasker, represented by the slaughterhouse and lamb-processing factory, Fjallalamb. The District Museum is located at the church site Snartarstaðir by Kópasker. In the village there is also an exhibition at the Kópasker Earthquake Center describing the big earthquake of 1976 that measured 6.3 on the Richter scale and destroyed several houses and other structures in the area. 
In Kópasker there is a shop, garage, health care centre, bank, campsite and guesthouses. North of Kópasker is the peninsula Melrakkaslétta, with its abundant birdlife, and also the northernmost point of mainland Iceland, Hraunhafnartangi.

</doc>
<doc id="19105354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105354" title="Best Buy Europe">
Best Buy Europe

Best Buy Europe was a retail joint venture owned by the United States-based electronics retailer Best Buy Inc and UK-based mobile phone retailer Carphone Warehouse. The company was formed by Best Buy's purchase of 50% of The Carphone Warehouse's retail division. Best Buy branded superstores opened in the UK beginning in April 30, 2010 with a store in Thurrock, Essex.
Best Buy was due to open its first UK stores in 2009, but postponed this until 2010, with plans for up to 200 stores eventually. Carphone originally intended to open up to 200 Big Box stores in Europe by 2013, but this goal was reduced to 100.
On the 6 November 2011, Carphone Warehouse announced its intention to close the 11 Best Buy "big box" format stores. On 14 January 2012, the Best Buy Europe joint venture was discontinued, with all 11 stores and the transactional website (www.bestbuy.co.uk) closing on that day.
History.
Best Buy Co., Inc. is a Fortune 100 company and the largest specialty retailer of consumer electronics in the United States and Canada, accounting for 21% of the market. The company's subsidiaries include Geek Squad, Magnolia Audio Video, Pacific Sales, and, in Canada the Best Buy Canada subsidiary operates most stores under the Future Shop label. Together these operate more than 1,150 stores in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, China, Mexico and Turkey. The company's corporate headquarters are located in Richfield, Minnesota, USA (near Minneapolis). On June 26, 2007, Best Buy announced a 40% increase in its operations, with plans to operate more than 1,800 stores worldwide, including 1,400 Best Buy stores in the U.S.
The Carphone Warehouse was co-founded in 1989, when most portable phones were too bulky to carry and called car phones, by current CEO Charles Dunstone (together with David Ross) from £6,000 savings.
The two companies first began working together in 2006, creating Best Buy Mobile stores in the United States and introducing Geek Squad in the United Kingdom.
UK stores.
The first Best Buy store in the UK opened at Junction Retail Park near Lakeside Shopping Centre in Thurrock, Essex on 30 April 2010.
20 locations were originally planned for in the coming year, all to be in the big box format. The company was looking for a flagship store in Central London in a prominent area such as Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Street, or Regent Street.
For fiscal year 2011, Best Buy UK saw full-year losses nearly triple to £62.2m, equivalent to just over £10m for each of its stores trading during the period. Growth has been slower than some expected. The company blamed the grim results on "impressive" investments in its new stores but it is "evaluating" the next step in its strategy.
The company had been reported to be considering bidding for Comet Group.
The company closed all of its UK stores on 14 January 2012, due to poor financial results. The best buy / Carphone Warehouse partnership ended in June 2013 with Carphone buying back their 50% share from the American retailer.
Turkey stores.
The first Best Buy store in Turkey was opened in 2009 in Izmir. Although this store was geographically proximate to Europe, organisationally it was part of Best Buy Inc's International division, and not controlled by Best Buy Europe Distributions Ltd.
In early 2011, Best Buy announced the closure of its Turkish operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19105355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105355" title="Death Knocks Twice">
Death Knocks Twice

Death Knocks Twice (, ) is a 1969 detective film directed by Harald Philipp and starring Dean Reed. It was released in the US as "The Blonde Connection".

</doc>
<doc id="19105363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105363" title="Wallet gun">
Wallet gun

A wallet gun is a concealed firearm. It is a small handgun covered in leather or cloth in a wallet shape with openings for the barrel and trigger to disguise it as a wallet (at least at first glance).

</doc>
<doc id="19105371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105371" title="Frank Lévy">
Frank Lévy

Frank Lévy is an award winning Swiss-American classical pianist and piano teacher.
Education.
At fifteen he entered the Geneva Conservatory, where he holds bachelor, master, and doctoral degrees studying with Louis Hiltbrand and Maria Tipo. He continued his studies with Leon Fleisher at the Peabody Conservatory, where he received the prestigious Artist Diploma. Levy then went to work with Emanuel Ax at the Juilliard School in New York City. Levy also took lessons with Vlado Perlemuter, Dorothy Taubman, Richard Goode, Radu Lupu, Samuel Sanders and Murray Perahia.
Professional career.
Frank Lévy has appeared as a recitalist, chamber-musician, and soloist with orchestras throughout the U.S., Canada, and Europe. Notable venues have included the Avery Fisher Hall, Queen Elizabeth Hall, Gusman Hall, Royce Hall, The Gardner Hall, and the Stadthaussaal. His performances have been broadcast on radio and television throughout the United States and abroad. Mr. Levy specializes in the romantic work repertory and is now recording the complete works of Brahms and Schubert for the Canadian based Palexa label.
He has served on the faculties of the Juilliard School of Music and the Lucy Moses School. Since 2008, Lévy has been Professor of Piano at The CUNY Graduate Center and The International Keyboard Institute and Festival at Mannes College. He regularly teaches and performs in international festivals including the International Keyboard Institute and Festival at Mannes College, the Marlboro Music School and Festival in Vermont, the Alex de Vries Festival in Belgium, the Tibor-Varga Festival in Switzerland and the International Festival of Music in Thonon, France.
Mr. Lévy has been in great demand for lectures and master-classes throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, and the Far East. He has performed or contributed at Florida International University, the University of Utah for the Gina Bachauer International Piano Foundation, University of Miami, Bishop's University in Canada, Barry University and at the Geneva and Bern Conservatories. He frequently adjudicates in international piano competitions.
Among his most well-known students are pianists Kwan Yi, Terence Yung, and organist Felix Hell.

</doc>
<doc id="19105377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105377" title="1993 Topper South American Open Tennis Championships">
1993 Topper South American Open Tennis Championships

The 1993 ATP Buenos Aires was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was the 22nd edition of the tournament and was held from November 8 to November 15.

</doc>
<doc id="19105382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105382" title="QF 6 pounder Nordenfelt">
QF 6 pounder Nordenfelt

The QF 6 pounder Nordenfelt was a light 57 mm naval gun and coast defence gun of the late 19th century used by many countries.
Note that this gun should not be confused with the short-barreled 57 mm Cockerill-Nordenfelt "Canon de caponnière" or fortification gun, which was used to arm the German A7V tank in World War I.
Nordenfelt guns can be visually differentiated from equivalent and similar Hotchkiss guns by having slimmer barrels than the Hotchkiss, hence the Nordenfelt was considerably lighter.
United Kingdom.
The UK adopted a 42-calibres (i.e. 95 inch bore) version as Ordnance QF 6 pounder Nordenfelt Mk I, Mk II, Mk III.
United Kingdom Naval service.
They were originally mounted from 1885 onwards for use against the new (steam-driven) torpedo boats which started to enter service in the late 1870s. The Nordenfelt gun was adopted at the same time as the very similar QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss, but the Navy was not satisfied with the special Nordenfelt ammunition and fuzes. Following the explosion in 1900 of an ammunition ship due to defective fuses, Britain replaced Nordenfelt fuzes with the Hotchkiss design. Nordenfelt guns were phased out in favour of the Hotchkiss and were declared obsolete by 1919.
<br style="clear:left;" >
Ammunition.
Diagrams showing the proprietary Nordenfelt 1-inch (top left) and 6-pounder (all others, labelled "2.2 inch") ammunition designs :
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="19105388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105388" title="Misaki (given name)">
Misaki (given name)

Misaki (みさき, ミサキ) is a popular feminine Japanese given name which can also be used as a surname.
Possible writings.
Misaki can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
A given name.
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19105418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105418" title="Robert Deane">
Robert Deane

Robert Deane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19105438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105438" title="In Search of Gregory">
In Search of Gregory

In Search of Gregory is a 1969 American drama film directed by Peter Wood and starring Julie Christie.
Despite having a big name star like Christie, who at the time was one of the most popular and sought-after actresses in the world, the film only had a limited theatrical release (after being deemed so bad by test audiences, Universal decided to not give the film a wide release), garnering little to no attention. Christie only agreed to do the film because it was shot on location in the same area that her then-boyfriend, Warren Beatty, was filming "The Only Game in Town" with Elizabeth Taylor. That film, despite having two big name stars as well, met with a similar fate and was not widely released either.
Plot.
Catherine Morelli goes to the latest wedding of her father, Max, who in turn wants to introduce her there to a potential suitor, Gregory Mulvey.

</doc>
<doc id="19105449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105449" title="...Live för dig!">
...Live för dig!

Live – För dig is a live album from 2001 by the Swedish musician Lars Winnerbäck. In addition to the live recordings, the album contains the new song, "För dig", which was released as a single in September 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19105450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105450" title="Barry Stewart">
Barry Stewart

Barry Stewart Northampton Saints rugby union player, position prop. He also played for the Scotland rugby union team and won five caps. In the 2005–2006 season, Stewart played as a replacement in the final as Sale Sharks won their first ever Premiership title.

</doc>
<doc id="19105471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105471" title="Luminar Ax">
Luminar Ax

Luminar Ax is a conjoint experimental dark ambient - electronic project between Czech composer and instrumentalist Vladimír Hirsch and American singer and lyricist Dove Hermosa, founded in the summer of 2007, and which split in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19105474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105474" title="PCD Nominee Corporation">
PCD Nominee Corporation

PCD Nominee Corporation (PCNC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Philippine Central Depository, a corporation established to improve operations in securities transactions and to provide a fast, safe and highly efficient system for securities settlement in the Philippines. PCNC acts as trustee-nominee for all shares lodged in the PCD system, where trades effected on the Philippine Stock Exchange are finally settled with the PCD. Persons who opt to trade using the PCD do not receive stock certificates as an indicator of ownership as trading using the PCD is completely paperless.
PCNC serves as one of the largest shareholders, if not the largest shareholder, in many Philippine corporations. For example, PCNC is the second largest shareholder in Banco de Oro, the Philippines' largest bank, with the corporation owning approximately 25% of BDO stock, below SM Investments Corporation, which owns approximately 29% of BDO as of March 31, 2009. However, while it may appear that PCNC is the actual shareholder in the said company, shares held by PCNC do not grant voting powers to it as beneficial ownership of the shares still remain with the lodging stockholder. By policy, PCNC does not vote the shares it was entrusted with in its name. Additionally, PCNC is owner of 49% of IPVG Corporation, a major technology company in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19105482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105482" title="The China Quarterly">
The China Quarterly

The China Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1960 and focuses on all aspects of contemporary Mainland China and Taiwan. It covers a range of subjects including anthropology, business, literature and the arts, economics, geography, history, international affairs, law, politics, and sociology. Each issue contains articles and research reports, a comprehensive book review section, and a "Quarterly Chronicle", which keeps readers informed of events in and affecting China. "The China Quarterly" is owned by the School of Oriental and African Studies and published by Cambridge University Press. Its current editor-in-chief is Chris Bramall, who succeeded Julia Strauss in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19105487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105487" title="Med solen i ögonen">
Med solen i ögonen

Med solen i ögonen is an album released in 1998 by the Swedish singer Lars Winnerbäck, the album was produced by Johan Johansson. The title track of the album was released as a single in February 1999. The album has been certified platinum in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19105502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105502" title="Alfred Kohn">
Alfred Kohn

Alfred Kohn (1867–1959) was the head of the Institute of Histology at the Medical Faculty of German University in Prague for 26 years. He entered the history of medicine by discovery of the nature and origin of parathyroid glands and by pioneering research into chromaffin cells and sympathetic paraganglia. Kohn's papers on the pituitary, interstitial cells of testes, and ovaries are also related to endocrinology. All his studies are based on descriptive and comparative histological and embryological observations. Kohn was twice the dean of German Medical Faculty, and a member or honorary member of many important scientific societies. He was repeatedly nominated for Nobel Prize for physiology and medicine. For his Jewish origin he was expelled from Deutsche Gesellschaft der Wissenschaften und Künste für die Tschechoslowakische Republik in 1939 and transported to Terezin (Theresienstadt) ghetto in 1943. After the war he lived in Prague. On the occasion of his 90th birthday he was elected honorary president of Anatomische Gesellschaft and awarded by the Czechoslovak Order of Labour.
Alfred Kohn died in 1959. He was one of the outstanding personalities that Prague gave to the world of science.

</doc>
<doc id="19105503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105503" title="Khmer Republican Party">
Khmer Republican Party

The Khmer Republican Party (KRP) is political party created on 11 March 2006. It participated in the 27 July 2008 elections under the leadership of Lon Rith (son of Khmer Republic leader Lon Nol).
Ideology.
Although the party uses the word "Republican" in its name, the KRP's leader said they "will not make a Republic of Cambodia". However it does believe in a combination of ideologies from the right-wing, left-wing and liberals. It promotes ideas of the right-wing like protecting the constitution of the Kingdom of Cambodia and Cambodia's "national sovereignty" as well as Cambodian culture and religion.
The kind of left-wing ideas it promotes are creating jobs to improve "the living standards of the people" and improve the Cambodian economy, agriculture and industrial sector. Construct real democracy, promote and give hope to Cambodia's "workers in all types of factories, enterprises and companies" will assert their right to have "compensation according to their strengths and duties". They should get an "incentive bonus, hourly pay and other pay in line with international standards".
The liberal part of the Khmer Republican Party is protecting "free market trade inside and outside" Cambodia.
Apart from that it also requests freedom for the "press and religion" to express themselves.
Activities.
One of the most recent activities was where the KRP and its leader Lon Rith chose to participate in what was the 2008 July 27 parliamentary elections. It came in the 10th place in the election with "11,693" votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19105519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105519" title="Kom (album)">
Kom (album)

Kom is an album released in 1999 by the Swedish singer Lars Winnerbäck, 
"Kom ihåg mig då" and "Söndag 13.3.99" were released as singles. Winnerbäck later won a Swedish Grammy for "Best songwriter" for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19105531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105531" title="Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes">
Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes

The Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes () is a Roman Catholic church in Kraków, Poland, dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes. It was founded by the Lazarists, and built in 1892–1894 at ul. Misjonarska 37 street in the district of Krowodrza. It has been a parish church since 1923. In interwar Poland, a polyphonic choir was established by the congregation in 1932. The Mariański Choir has attracted international acclaim for a number of years.
History.
The corner-stone for the construction of the church was laid on June 25, 1892, although the first Congregation of the Mission already existed in nearby Stradom district in the second half of the 17th century, augmented by the Missionary house built at Kleparz in 1861 with the Seminary founded in 1878. The church, designed by architect Stefan Żołdani in the Gothic Revival style, was completed in two years under the direction of Cardinal Albin Dunajewski.
The parish was founded on January 1, 1923. Two more parishes were established further apart in Communist Poland. The church was upgraded and repainted several times. Side-altars were added and the presbytery was enlarged. The figure of Our Lady of Lourdes featured at the main altar, and carved in wood, is an exact copy of the Mother of God from the Grotto of Apparitions at Lourdes in south-western France, a major place of Roman Catholic pilgrimage and miraculous healings visited by John Paul II in August 2004.
Architecture.
The church building has a total length of 42.9 metres, with a width of 16.5 m, and a height of 20.8 m (to the top of metal roof) or 45.5 m to the top of the steeple. It consists of a nave with two aisles. The aisles are separated from the nave by a row of pillars and columns. The central nave is 8.5 m wide, with a height of 16.5 m. The aisles are 2.5 m wide. The church has three altars, and a pipe organ by the entrance, supported by metal columns. It was built originally in the 19th century by Otto Rieger of Silesia.
Mariański Choir.
The church is home to the Mariański Choir (), founded in 1932 by Rev. Józef Orszulik during the interwar years. It specializes in the music of the Renaissance and Baroque periods, but also performs Medieval and contemporary choral works. The mixed voice choir performs the music of J.S. Bach, W.A. Mozart, J. Haydn, G.F. Handel, as well as Polish composers F. Nowowiejski, A. Koszewski, J. Świder, W. Kilar, J. Łuciuk, H.M. Górecki and others. The choir performs and makes commercial recordings of Christmas carols annually. The proceeds from the sale of CDs are used to support charity actions by the Congregation of the Mission.
The Mariański Choir gives regular concerts, including some at the church itself. It performs at ceremonial functions during national holidays. Also, it participates in festivals across Europe and North America. It has made over 35 foreign trips including tours of Italy (with a performance at Castel Gandolfo), Germany, Belgium, Denmark, Czech Republic, United States, Hungary, and Lithuania. The group has released several recordings, notably collections of traditional songs popular with the audience during Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="19105532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105532" title="New Orleans and Carrollton Railroad">
New Orleans and Carrollton Railroad

The New Orleans and Carrollton Railroad was one of six short-line rail systems built to connect the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, with surrounding neighborhoods, in this case, four-and-a-half miles to the resort village of Carrollton. It was one of the first mass transit trolley systems built in the urban United States.
The line was chartered in 1833, and opened for business two years later. It was the only one of the New Orleans suburban railways to use locomotives to pull the passenger cars (the other five used horses or mules). The street railroads provided low cost and convenient public transportation for New Orleans' residents. Prior to the Civil War, hundreds of people took the train to Carrollton to tour the famed Carrollton Gardens or to dine at the Carrollton House or another of the village's restaurants. Among the antebellum officials was the line's secretary, Albert Blanchard, who would become a Confederate brigadier general in the Civil War.
During the war, the line continued period operation, despite the Federal army occupying the city. Ridership and revenues were drastically reduced, and the railroad suffered financially.
Following the Civil War, the line was leased to former Confederate general P.G.T. Beauregard, who with two financial backers, assumed control of the NO&CRR in April 1866. However, his partners proved untrustworthy, and Beauregard was publicly embarrassed when the line failed to pay its debts within a few years. However, the railroad survived. The line evolved into an urban tram line as the land along the route was developed and incorporated into the city of New Orleans. It is now the St. Charles Avenue Streetcar Line.In 1922 the New Orleans & Carrollton Rail Road was merged into New Orleans Public Service Incorporated (NOPSI), which consolidated the city's various streetcar lines and electrical production. In 1983, NOPSI became part of privately owned Entergy, and transferred all transportation operations to the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (NORTA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19105562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105562" title="Rendezvous with Dishonour">
Rendezvous with Dishonour

Rendezvous with Dishonour (, ) is a 1970 drama film directed by Adriano Bolzoni and starring Michael Craig. 

</doc>
<doc id="19105563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105563" title="Rajd Dolnośląski">
Rajd Dolnośląski

Rajd Dolnośląski (Lower Silesian Rally) is a rallying event organized each year by the "Automobilklub Ziemi Kłodzkiej", a group that also was the organizer for the Rally Poland. The rally base is in Kłodzko.
This rally features one of the most famous special stages in the world which are by Stołowe Mountains. The event is famous for its high level of security.

</doc>
<doc id="19105564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105564" title="Edward Hoby">
Edward Hoby

Sir Edward Hoby (1560 – 1 March 1617) was a diplomat, Member of Parliament, scholar, and soldier in England during the reigns of Elizabeth I and James I. He was the son of Thomas Hoby and Elizabeth Cooke, the nephew of William Cecil, Lord Burghley, and the son-in-law of Queen Elizabeth's cousin Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon.
A favourite of King James, Hoby published several works supporting the Protestant cause as well as translations from the French and Spanish. His heir was his illegitimate son, Peregrine Hoby.
Biography.
Born at Bisham Abbey, Berkshire, in 1560, Edward Hoby was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Hoby and his wife Elizabeth, third daughter of Sir Anthony Cooke or Coke of Gidea Hall, Essex. He was educated at Eton, where he formed a lasting friendship with Sir John Harington, and at Trinity College, Oxford. At college Thomas Lodge, the dramatist, was "servitour or scholar" under him.
Under the auspices of his uncle, Lord Burghley, he rose into high favour at the Elizabethan court, and was frequently employed on confidential missions. He married Elizabeth, daughter of William Paulet, 1st Marquess of Winchester and Hoby's fortunes were further advanced by his second marriage, on 21 May 1582, to Margaret, daughter of Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon, cousin of Queen Elizabeth. The day after the wedding he was knighted by the Queen.
In August 1584 he accompanied his father-in-law Hunsdon on a special mission to Scotland. His affability and learning greatly impressed King James VI (later James of England), and after attending the Scottish ambassador, Patrick, Master of Gray, as far as Durham, Hoby received from the Scottish king a flattering letter, dated 24 October 1584, in which James intimated his longing for his company, and how he had "commanded his ambassador to sue for it." James Stewart, Earl of Arran also wrote to the same effect, and enclosed a "small token," which he begged Hoby to wear in "testimony of their brotherhood". These amenities proved displeasing to Elizabeth, and Hoby found it convenient for a time to plead the ague as an excuse for not attending the court. 
On 24 September 1586 he was returned M.P. for Queenborough, Kent, and gained distinction as a speaker in Parliament. That October he complained that he had been "not only bitten but overpassed by the hard hand of" Francis Walsingham, and appealed to Secretary William Davison to use his influence with the queen in his behalf. Restored to favour, in July 1588 Hoby was chosen to report to the queen on the progress of the preparations against the Spanish Armada. That October he was elected M.P. for Berkshire. He was made justice of the peace for Middlesex by a special renewal of the commission on 17 December 1591. In 1592 he was chosen M.P. for Kent, and in 1594 was granted letters patent for buying and providing wool for sale in England for ten years, and the grant was ratified in the succeeding reign. 
Hoby accompanied the Earl of Essex on the expedition to Cádiz in 1596, and was made constable of Queenborough Castle, Isle of Sheppey, Kent, on 9 July 1597. On the following 28 October Hoby received a commission to search out and prosecute all offences against the statute prohibiting the exportation of iron from England, his reward being half the forfeitures arising therefrom. He represented Rochester in the parliaments of 1597, 1601, February 1604, and 1614. James I made him a Gentleman of the Privy Chamber, forgave his arrears of rent of the Royal Manor of Shirland in Derbyshire (amounting to over £500), and on 21 August 1607 granted him an exclusive license to buy wool in Warwickshire and Staffordshire. He frequently entertained the king at Bisham.
Hoby died in Queenborough Castle, Kent on 1 March 1617. Hoby and his wife had no children. He brought up his illegitimate son by Katherine Pinkney, Peregrine Hoby, and made the boy his heir.
Works.
An excellent scholar himself, Hoby cultivated the friendship of learned men, especially that of William Camden, who eulogises his bounty and accomplishments in his "Britannia". Camden also dedicated his "Hibernia" (1587) to him.
In 1612 Hoby presented Sir Henry Savile's sumptuous edition of "St. Chrysostom" to the library of Trinity College. Hoby was also a keen Protestant theologian, sparring in print with the Roman Catholic convert Theophilus Higgons and the Jesuit John Fludd or Floyd.
Hoby's theological writings include:
Hoby also translated Mathieu Coignet's "Politique discourses on trueth and lying" from French (1586), and Bernardino de Mendoza's "Theorique and Practise of Warre" from Spanish (1597).

</doc>
<doc id="19105567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105567" title="Marburg Journal of Religion">
Marburg Journal of Religion

The Marburg Journal of Religion is a peer-reviewed online academic journal that publishes articles on empirical and theoretical studies of religion. It is believed to be the oldest internet journal devoted to the study of religions, the first issue having appeared in April 1996. The original concept was developed by Michael Pye together with his assistant Richard Böhme, who was the first Web Editor. The editorial team was broadened in 1999 to include Peter Antes (Hannover) and Andreas Grünschloß (Göttingen) and in 2007 Edith Franke (Marburg). Doreen Christen became Web Editor in 2002. The first separate Reviews Editor was Monika Schrimpf (from 2001) and this role was taken up by Katja Triplett from 2003.
Papers published in the "Marburg Journal of Religion" are documented and abstracted in the bibliographical journal "Science of Religion", now published by Brill Publishers in Leiden. The abstracts published in the "Marburg Journal of Religion" itself may be published elsewhere on condition that full documentation of the article is provided.

</doc>
<doc id="19105587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105587" title="Prospekt's March">
Prospekt's March

"Prospekt's March" is an EP by English alternative rock band Coldplay, initially released on 21 November 2008 in Europe and Japan, and worldwide the following week. It features several tracks left over from the studio sessions for Coldplay's fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". It is also available in the deluxe edition of "Viva la Vida".
The cover features Eugène Delacroix's original painting "Battle of Poitiers", similar to the cover art featured on "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (which included another Delacroix-created painting). On 5 November, Coldplay-offered an exclusive preview of the EP via their Facebook application and through their website.
There were two singles that anchored the EP. The song "Glass of Water" entered the iTunes Top 100 songs and went on to be performed live by the band on 4Music. "Life in Technicolor II" began its existence in the charts at No. 90 in the UK Singles Chart despite not being released as an official single. It was later confirmed to be the EP's first single. It later peaked at No. 28 upon its physical release on 8 February 2009. The song was nominated at the 52nd Grammy Awards for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and Best Short Form Music Video.
As of January 2010, "Prospekt's March" has sold 537,000 copies worldwide.
Recording and release.
Throughout the recording of "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", Coldplay communicated to fans through their website, and some of the song titles were revealed during the recording. The name "Poppyfields" was first revealed in September 2007; in late October 2007, a message said that "Famous Old Painters" and "Glass of Water" had been written and were being considered for the album. "Prospekt's March" appeared for the first time in December of the same year; all the notes were signed by the pseudonym Prospekt, strengthening rumours that this would be the album's title. Those songs did not make it to the album's final track listing, so were featured on the "Prospekt's March" EP, except for "Famous Old Painters", which was never released.
In an interview for Coldplay's official website Chris Martin said that all the songs on the EP came very close to be on "Viva la Vida", and that they were "all part of the same family". In the same interview the frontman stated that the idea was always to put these songs out by the end of 2008.
Track listing.
Coldplay confirmed five songs for "Prospekt's March" on 3 October 2008, all of which had not been completed in time for "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". The playlist was changed to eight songs on 5 October. Six of the eight tracks are new recordings of the band.
Chart performance.
On the "Billboard" issue dated 3 December, "Prospekt's March" debuted at number 15 on the "Billboard" 200 with sales of 77,000.
Release history.
"Prospekt's March" was released on 24 November 2008 in the United States and Canada, one day earlier than expected.

</doc>
<doc id="19105596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105596" title="1997 ATP Buenos Aires">
1997 ATP Buenos Aires

The 1997 ATP Buenos Aires was an ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from November 24 to December 1. Franco Squillari won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19105600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105600" title="Sejm (disambiguation)">
Sejm (disambiguation)

Sejm () is a generic Polish word meaning "a gathering or diet (assembly)". More specifically, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19105633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105633" title="Gerd Langguth">
Gerd Langguth

Gerd Langguth (18 May 1946 – 12 May 2013) was a professor of political science at the University of Bonn and the author of biographies of Angela Merkel and Horst Köhler. 
Early life.
Gerd Langguth was born in Wertheim. He attended the Dietrich Bonhoeffer School, a humanist Gymnasium in Wertheim am Main in Baden-Württemberg.
University.
While at university, from 1970 to 1974 Langguth was president of the Association of Christian Democratic Students. He later worked for the Konrad Adenauer Stiftung in Stuttgart. 
From 1976 to 1980, Gerd Langguth was a member of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union. He was a member of the executive committee of the CDU. From 1981 to 1985, Langguth was director of the Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung in Bonn. Between 1986 and 1987 he represented Berlin as a civil servant at a federal level. From 1988 to 1993, he was head of the European Commission's representation in Germany, in Bonn. From 1993 to 1997, Gerd Langguth was acting chairman of the Konrad Adenauer Stiftung. From 2003 to 2004 he was active on the executive board of the "Bürgerkonvent", a movement for political and economic reform.
Langguth taught Political Science at the University of Bonn. He was married to food chemist Susanne Langguth.
Teaching and publications.
His works include biographies of Angela Merkel and Horst Köhler. Some of his works have been translated into English.
Gerd Langguth lectured on European integration. He has also held lectures on international terrorism, German institutions, and political decision processes.
Langguth died in Cologne, aged 66.

</doc>
<doc id="19105648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105648" title="1998 ATP Buenos Aires">
1998 ATP Buenos Aires

The 1998 ATP Buenos Aires was an ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from November 16 to November 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19105697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105697" title="1999 ATP Buenos Aires">
1999 ATP Buenos Aires

The 1999 ATP Buenos Aires was an ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from November 15 to November 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19105703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105703" title="Singel (album)">
Singel (album)

Singel is an album released by the Swedish singer Lars Winnerbäck in 2001.
The songs "Jag vill gå hem med dig", "Elden" and "Håll ut" were released as singles, and Winnerbäck later won a Grammis Award for "Best Male Pop/Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="19105706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105706" title="Mother Carey's Chickens (film)">
Mother Carey's Chickens (film)

"Mother Carey's Chickens" is a 1938 drama film starring Anne Shirley and Ruby Keeler. The film was directed by Rowland V. Lee and based upon a 1917 play by Kate Douglas Wiggin and Rachel Crothers, which in turn was adapted from Wiggins' novel of the same title.
Originally Katharine Hepburn was assigned to the lead role. She refused, however, and left RKO in order to avoid having to appear in the film.
In 1963, Walt Disney released Summer Magic, a loose remake of this film, with Hayley Mills as Nancy Carey.
Plot.
Mr. Carey (Ralph Morgan), a captain in the United States Navy, dies during the Spanish-American War. His wife Margaret, daughters Nancy and Kitty and sons Gilbert and Peter are left behind. They are now on their own with only Capt. Carey's pension for income. The family moves into a series of ever-smaller rented houses while Mrs. Carey works in a textile mill. When she is injured, they lease a broken down mansion for a year at a nominal fee, and invest the captain's small life insurance payment to fix it up into a boarding house. Both daughters fall in love, Kitty with a local teacher and Nancy with Tom Hamilton (Frank Albertson), the son of the absentee owner.
When the Hamiltons put the house up for sale, the family is given an eviction order by Tom Hamilton, a doctor who wants the money from the sale to study in Europe. However fate intervenes and Tom saves Peter from a serious illness, then falls in love with Nancy. The new owners, the Fullers, move in to force the family to vacate. The Careys and their beaus try to avoid being put out of their house by scaring off the Fullers.
Reception.
The film earned a profit of $110,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19105732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105732" title="Tony Cowell">
Tony Cowell

Tony Cowell is a British radio broadcaster and television showbiz correspondent who co-wrote his younger brother Simon Cowell's autobiography, "I Don't Mean to be Rude, but...".
Work.
Cowell is a weekly contributor to Sky News Sunrise Breakfast Show with Eamonn Holmes commentating on the showbiz gossip making the news. He is also a regular celebrity pundit in the US, contributing to the CBS Radio Network. In the United Kingdom, he has reported on The X Factor (UK) and Britain's Got Talent for Heart London and GMG Radio stations under his "Cowell Confidential" banner.
Cowell was a judge on the writing competition "Lit Idol".
Personal life.
Cowell claims to have been idolised from an early age by his younger brother Simon, who bought his first record, "She Loves You" by The Beatles, because his older brother had recently bought that same album.

</doc>
<doc id="19105733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105733" title="Photorejuvenation">
Photorejuvenation

Photorejuvenation is a skin treatment that uses intense pulsed light or other thermal or chemical methods to treat some skin conditions and remove wrinkles arising from photoaging. The process induces controlled wounds on the skin, prompting it to heal itself by creating new cells. This process reverses the effects of photoaging to a certain extent by removing wrinkles.
Types.
There are three types of skin rejuvenation:
Laser resurfacing.
Laser resurfacing is a technique used during laser surgery wherein molecular bonds are disassociated by laser. It is used for the treatment of wrinkles, solar lentigenes, sun damage, scars (see acne scar treatment), stretch marks, actinic keratosis and telangiectasias or "spider veins".
It can be combined with liposuction to remove excess fat from the chin and jaw area. The skin may be wrinkled after fat is removed and laser resurfacing can help tighten and smooth over the new contours.
Laser resurfacing is usually done with a 2940 nm or a 10,600 nm CO2 laser. Complete resurfacing was first done with a CO2 laser. More commonly now, laser resurfacing is done with a fractional laser. The term fractional pertains to the method in which the laser light is transferred. Tiny pinpoints of laser light are used to deliver the laser to the surface of the skin in only a fraction of the area. Several hundred or thousands of laser pinpoints may be used per square inch, leaving healthy skin in between the ablated areas, to allow more rapid healing and lower risk.
Skin resurfacing can also be performed with a plasma-based device instead of a laser. At least one manufacturer of such a plasma device claims "It’s the only treatment proven to generate new skin, at the fundamental levels, for as long as a year after treatment" . However these claims do not have supporting evidence published in a peer-reviewed medical journal, and have not been verified by any independently funded studies. When used proficiently, it has been shown to be significantly more precise in control, while producing less bleeding, bruising and post-operative discomfort compared to other skin resurfacing methods .
Fractional photothermolysis (FP) is another form of laser treatment with several devices currently on the market. Some doctors claim FP provides similar results to CO2 laser resurfacing without risk of scarring or significant downtime. As of January 2008, there are a number of papers referenced on PubMed which mostly support those claims. Complications observed in a study of 961 treatments included acneiform eruptions (1.87%) and herpes simplex virus outbreaks (1.77%). Side effects and complications observed in this study were of a temporary nature . There have been, however, anecdotal negative accounts of bad scarring and hyperpigmentation without any findings of infection .
When compared to a chemical peel, dermabrasion or other forms of laser treatment, a laser allows the surgeon to customize the surgery not only for each patient but also to each area of the face.
CO2 laser resurfacing has been shown to have an increased risk of hypopigmentation and scarring when compared to the erbium lasers. This is due to the high degree of coagulation and thus heat production that occurs as a nature of the CO2 wavelength. Both Erbium and Co2 fractional systems have a better safety profile than lasers of the past.
Both Erbium and CO2 are used to treat deep rhytides, sun damage and age spots. Through the heating of the deep dermis, fibroblasts are stimulated to form new collagen and elastin helping to bring increased turgor and thickness to the skin.
Side effects of IPL usage in Mechanical Photorejuvenation.
Beginning in the late 1990s, a number of studies have been performed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of IPL on wrinkle-removal and rejuvenation of the skin. One such study conducted by a group of four researchers from the Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University and published in the Journal of Drugs in Dermatology in 2004 found IPL to be a "non-invasive, non-ablative method for rejuvenating photoaged skin with minimal adverse events".
An article published in the Journal of Investigative Dermatology in 2010 found that exposing cells to direct heat can cause DNA damage not only in those cells but also in surrounding tissue that was not directly exposed, and concluded: "... treatments that cause thousands of microscopic thermal injuries in tissue produce a complicated interface between the directly heat-damaged and the surrounding “bystander“ tissue. Further studies related to such clinical implications are warranted."

</doc>
<doc id="19105741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105741" title="2000 ATP Buenos Aires">
2000 ATP Buenos Aires

The 2000 ATP Buenos Aires was an ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The tournament was held from November 20 to November 27.

</doc>
<doc id="19105744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105744" title="Bishops of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth">
Bishops of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth

Bishops of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth were one of the highest ranking officials who could sit in the Senate of Poland. They sat first in the Senate, before the secular officials. Only Roman Catholic bishops sat in the Senate (see Senatorial offices for details).
Competences.
The most important official among the bishops was the Primate — the Archbishop of Gniezno. From 1572, the first time that Poland had been without a king (the Jagiellon Dynasty having died out with King Zygmunt II August), the Archbishop of Gniezno served as "interrex" — interim head of state until a new king could be elected. He represented the country and prepared elections for a new king.
In addition, the Archbishop of Gniezno had the power to call a new Senate session, if he deemed it important to do so, even in the absence of the King. He could also invoke the ""de non praestanda obedientia"" article, giving the country the right to legally depose the King. From among other senators, he chose his own court marshal (often a castellan). That person acted as the Archbishop's messenger during Senate meetings, giving signs (by moving a cross) that conveyed how the Archbishop wished his allies to vote. The Archbishop of Gniezno had two deputies — the bishops of Wrocław and Poznań.
List.
Note: the below lists are organized in the order of importance (based on the sitting order in Senat in 1569) according to list by Feliks Koneczny. Offices which were added afterwards are listed below, and may not be in order of sitting.
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="19105759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105759" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 51 participating athletes, with seven qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Sunday 22 August 1999 at 21:00h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19105760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105760" title="Transit Planning Board">
Transit Planning Board

The Transit Planning Board is a joint commission of the Atlanta Regional Commission (ARC), Georgia Regional Transportation Authority (GRTA), and Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA).
The TPB partnership was founded in 2006, holding its first meeting on February 16, adopting bylaws on April 20, and adopting a work plan on August 17. It states that it "is a partnership leading the establishment and maintenance of a seamless, integrated transit network for the Atlanta region. 
Specifically, TPB will:
Members.
Some of the following may have changed since 2007.
Appointees of the governor of Georgia.
It does not have any representatives from Cobb Community Transit (CCT), Gwinnett County Transit (GCT), or C-TRAN, the local suburban bus systems.
Concept 3.
Concept 3 is the third and final draft of a plan to build an extensive network of commuter rail, light rail, and bus rapid transit by 2030, totaling about 500 miles or 800 kilometers. It was finalized in July 2008 and adopted in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19105767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105767" title="Christian Ulmen">
Christian Ulmen

Christian Ulmen (born 22 September 1975 in Neuwied) is a German entertainer and actor.
Career.
Ulmen started his television career in 1996 as a video jockey on MTV Europe. He is known for his creative, and sometimes provocative, humour, which he displayed in TV shows such as ""Unter Ulmen"" or ""Mein neuer Freund"", the German adaptation of Channel 4's "My New Best Friend", and the award-winning TV series "Dr. Psycho − Die Bösen, die Bullen, meine Frau und ich". Ulmen has also appeared in leading roles in successful cinema productions including ""Herr Lehmann"" (2003), the screenplay "The Elementary Particles" (2006), based on Michel Houellebecq's novel of the same title, and "Men in the City" directed by Simon Verhoeven and released in October 2009.
From 2013, Ulmen and Nora Tschirner will play a team of investigators in the Leipzig-based episodes of the "Tatort" series.
Personal life.
Ulmen is agnostic.
Ulmen met his future wife Huberta in 1999 and they eventually married in 2005. They have a son together, but divorced in 2010.
In August 2010, Ulmen met Collien Fernandes and the couple married on June 22, 2011. They welcomed their first child in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19105768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105768" title="Jesus (Jakobínarína song)">
Jesus (Jakobínarína song)

"Jesus" is Jakobínarína's second release, and the first single from the album The First Crusade. Jesus was released by Regal as part of their Singles Club on May 21, 2007. The single was released on limited 7" vinyl only (only 500 copies), although a promo CD was issued alongside it.

</doc>
<doc id="19105772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105772" title="This Is an Advertisement">
This Is an Advertisement

This Is an Advertisement is the third Jakobínarína single, which was released on Regal on July 23, 2007. The Single was released on CD and 7" vinyl. The promo version of the single has a manufacturing error, with the Clean Version of the song being on both tracks instead of the Clean and Explicit Versions respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19105795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105795" title="Efter nattens bränder">
Efter nattens bränder

Efter nattens bränder is a double CD compilation album released in 2006 by Lars Winnerbäck. The album contains work from 1996 to 2006 as well as two new songs, "Stockholms kyss" and "Ingen soldat". There was also a limited edition containing a booklet with Winnerbäck's biography.

</doc>
<doc id="19105817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105817" title="Dangerous Streets">
Dangerous Streets

Dangerous Streets is a video game for Commodore's Amiga CD32 game console in 1994. It was developed by Micromania and licenced by Flair. The game was universally derided with "Amiga Power" giving it a rating of 3%, describing it as the worst game for the CD32 and one of the worst games ever.
Background.
The Dangerous Streets game falls under the fighting and action genre. It was developed for Amiga, Amiga CD32, and PC. It was released in the year of 1994. This game allows either one or two players. It was produced under the English language, and it is under a commercial license. There are eight various characters that the players can choose from. Dangerous Streets also features single matches against the computer, and this game also offers a tournament mode. The controls consist of a joystick or a keyboard. The characters have the ability to punch or kick in the range of weak, medium, and strong. 

</doc>
<doc id="19105819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105819" title="Buninskaya Alleya">
Buninskaya Alleya

Buninskaya alleya () is the southern terminus of the Butovskaya Light Metro Line of the Moscow Metro, and the southernmost station of the entire system. It was opened on 27 December 2003. Like most other stations of the line, it is located above the ground.
It is planned to extend the line further south behind the Buninskaya alleya station in 2014. The extension will include three new stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19105824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105824" title="2001 Copa AT&amp;T">
2001 Copa AT&amp;T

The 2001 Copa AT&T was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 19 through February 25, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19105837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105837" title="Bränt krut Vol. 2">
Bränt krut Vol. 2

Bränt Krut Vol. 2 was released at Lars Winnerbäck's 30th birthday in his hometown at one of his concerts. The audience all received gift bags including the CD, Winnerbäck's own notes on the tracks and other gifts.

</doc>
<doc id="19105838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105838" title="HMS Moth (1915)">
HMS Moth (1915)

HMS "Moth" was an Insect class gunboat of the Royal Navy.
HMS "Moth" was laid down during the first half of 1915 at the yards of the Sunderland Shipbuilding Company, with her sister ship HMS "Mantis". "Moth" was launched on 9 October 1915 and completed on 5 January 1916.
Royal Navy service.
She was dispatched to the Middle East (Mesopotamia area) in 1916. In 1919, she was dispatched to the White Sea, and by 1920 she had been reassigned to the China Station. In December 1941 she became a member of the Far East fleet with HMS "Cicala" at Hong Kong. On 8 December 1941, "Moth" and "Cicala" were in port during an air raid by the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force. "Cicala" was sunk on 21 December. "Moth" was in the dock for repairs, but with the fall of the city to the Japanese imminent, "Moth" was scuttled on 12 December. HMS "Thracian" was also in port and was captured by the Japanese Army. "Thracian" was placed on duty as "Patrol boat No.101" in October 1942.
Imperial Japanese Navy service.
The Imperial Japanese Navy dispatched the to Hong Kong to investigate the "Moth", and on 1 July 1942, she was refloated and renamed . "Suma" is a Japanese beauty spot appearing in "The Tale of Genji".
29 July 1943 she fires on US aircraft during an air raid on Hong Kong. Attacked by three 14th Air Force B-25s on 29 December 1943, and by two B-25s the next day receiving some damage, while claiming to kill one B-25. On 11 June 1944 attacked by P-38s and on the 18th by three B-25s. On 26 December attacked by seven P-51s, with the aft 25 mm gun wrecked with 18 killed and four wounded. Aft gun is replaced and repairs made to the ship 28-30 December at Yanhu. Attacked by P-51s on 11 February 1945. Repaired at Mitsubishi Yangshupu Shipyard, Shanghai 17 February-12 March 1945.
She was active on the Yangtze River in anti-insurgency operations. On 19 March 1945, she struck a naval mine at Anqing and sank with a loss of 8 crewmen.

</doc>
<doc id="19105850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105850" title="San Marcos High School (Texas)">
San Marcos High School (Texas)

San Marcos High School is a secondary school in San Marcos, Texas. The school serves grades 9 through 12, and is part of the San Marcos Consolidated Independent School District.
Mission statement.
The San Marcos CISD, in partnership with parents and community, will provide a quality education for all students, empowering them to pursue productive and fulfilling lives in an ever-changing, interdependent world.
History.
In 1918 Southwest Texas Normal School (SWT) built the Education Building “intended in large part as a demonstration and laboratory school.” San Marcos High School was originally built on the block of Comanche and Hutchison. In 1939 the Auditorium-Laboratory School Building was completed by the college and all public school students, kindergarten through 6th grade, were housed there. By 1941 all the public school students were located on the college campus.
By 1949 the college and the public schools were so full that the last of the Coronal Buildings were destroyed to build a new High School on the site. In the fall of 1951 the first students moved into the brand new school, which consisted of grades 10-12. In the fall of 1952, grades 9 through 12 were housed in the high school.<br> Bonham Elementary opened in 1951, Travis Junior High School and Bowie Elementary opened in 1954, and Crockett Elementary in 1964. By 1965, all San Marcos Public Schools were gone from the Southwest Texas campus. In the following years, San Marcos CISD had continued to construct new campuses. This included the San Marcos High School which today is the Lamar Annex. It was used as the high school campus from 1951 until 1958. A newer High School was built in 1958 on Highway 123 and remained there for 45 years.
In 2003 San Marcos voters approved a multimillion dollar bond to construct new district facilities, which included funds to construct the newly completed campus on McCarty Lane.
Pride and tradition.
Alma Mater:
Hail to dear old S.M High School, High upon a hill. We have never lost our spirit, and we never will. Hail to Rattlers, Dear old Rattlers, loyal always be. Hail to thee, our Alma Mater, our hearts belong to thee.
Fight Song:
Fight, Fight, Fight for San Marcos High; We have the spirit never to die. See our colors purple and white. We're out to win this game tonight. We are the Rattlers, best in the land. We play the game as best as we can. All you Snakes of S.M High, we're out to Fight, Fight, Fight. Yea Purple! Yea White! Yea Rattlers! Fight! Fight! Fight! Snakes fight! Snakes Fight! Yea Snakes Fight!
Alumni.
The San Marcos Education Foundation is a non-profit, tax exempt 501(c)(3) public corporation operating independently under its own board of directors. The Foundation was created over 12 years ago to generate financial support for educational programs that are not available through the normal operating budget of the San Marcos CISD. The funds generated are used for programs and activities that facilitate student achievement, recognize and encourage staff excellence, and provide vital links between the community and the classroom.Part of the long term planning by the Foundation is to expand the support base of the SMCISD Community. A primary initiative included the formation of the San Marcos High School Alumni & Friends Association.
The Mission of the San Marcos Alumni & Friends Association is to enrich and enhance lifelong relationships by uniting all alumni & friends and motivating them to support and promote the San Marcos Consolidated Independent School District through its partnership with the San Marcos Education Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19105851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105851" title="Giovanni Melluso">
Giovanni Melluso

Giovanni Melluso (born 1959) was an Italian criminal and alleged associate of the Milanese crime boss, Francis Turatello, who later became a significant informant against the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO), a Camorra organization in Naples. He would be used by the Italian Justice Department to testify about the NCO's show business connections in Northern Italy, during the three-year-long Maxi Trial which began in 1983. However, many of his accusations were later proven to be unfounded. 
He is particularly infamous for the frame-up of the popular Italian talk show host, Enzo Tortora, whom he falsely accused of Cocaine trafficking and NCO membership. Melluso was known by his multiple nicknames, ""Gianni il Bello"", or ""Cha-cha-cha"", both of which meant "beautiful" (the latter expression having that meaning in the Italian slang of the time).
Biography.
Criminal career.
A native of Sicily, Melluso had migrated to Milan at the age of 15 in 1974. It was during this time that he met Francis Turatello, the Italian crime boss of Milan. According to Melluso, Turatello had asked him to become a member of his organization. Melluso refused, only accepting work as an outside contractor dealing cocaine in the show-business world. Melluso rounded up the activity of drug dealer for Turatello, by working as a pimp and occasionally committing petty burglaries. During this period, he also adopted numerous false identities including Michele Tiano, Sante Breguglio, Mario Dalleri, Giuseppe Montalbano, Vincenzo Campo, and Paolo Belvisi. Melluso chose to operate in the Italian Riviera, and had a smooth operation running until the end of 1978, when he was arrested for armed robbery and sentenced to 16 years imprisonment.
Becoming a pentito.
After six years of rigorous imprisonment, Melluso decided to become a pentito. On March 2, 1984, when the preliminary hearings of the trial against the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) were already in motion, he asked to be transferred from his prison cell to the Carabinieri barracks. There, he declared to an investigating magistrate of his decision to change his life because he was tired of the prison conditions and also because one of his former associates, Andrea Villa, had already decided to collaborate and had involved Melluso in his testimony. In the long run, Melluso wanted a reduction of his prison sentence, in exchange for his testimony.
Upon becoming a pentito, Melluso was granted accommodation in the Carabinieri barracks, where he was treated more as a guest than as a prisoner. He received various visits from his wife, who reportedly became pregnant during this period. He was able to dress well, and enjoyed an easy life under the protection of the Carabinieri. Even when other pentiti had to return to their prison, Melluso was able to prolong his stay by timing the delivery of his information, in a skilled exchange of evidence for perks. When his brother was killed some time after his denunciation of the activities of the Turatello gang, Melluso used this fact as a bargaining chip to complain about and demand better security. 
Giovanni Melluso was not a Neapolitan, did not live in Naples, and was not known as a Camorrista by the Justice department. Since he had always operated in Northern Italy, he did not have any intimate knowledge of the criminal underworld in Naples. He claimed to have only been an ousider in Turatello's business and to have never belonged to his organization. He also denied membership in the NCO. Unlike the other pentiti such as Pasquale Barra, Giovanni Pandico and Luigi Riccio, Melluso never admitted to any horrible crime. However, Melluso's repentance had some value for the Justice Department because it need some evidence to back its prosecutions of NCO's connections in the show business industry in Northern Italy. In court, Melluso proved to be a skillful performer, able to answer on cue, fend off attacks from the defense, and to animate his accounts with precise details and colourful anecdotes.
False testimony against Enzo Tortora.
In 1983, the Justice Department had arrested some well-respected members of the Italian show business industry who had been above suspiscion, thus attracting much needed public attention to the work of law-enforcement agencies in cracking down on Organized Crime. This move was inspired by the Justice department's perception that a drive against Organized Crime could only be successful if public opinion was focused on it, and therefore strove very hard to find any incriminating evidence against people able to attract media attention. 
Giovanni Melluso was the chief witness against Enzo Tortora, perhaps Italy's most famous talk show host, who was accused of receiving and selling over ten kilograms of cocaine on different occasions by people affiliated with the NCO. He became instrumental in helping the Justice department to substantiate its charges against Tortora, when he confessed to having had various encounters with Tortora in delivering him cocaine. 
Melluso claimed that these dealings took place in 1976 in the streets of Milan, where both men lived. Later, towards the end of the same year, Melluso went to the office of an attorney, Cacciola, where he supposedly met Tortora and two other persons, whom he later identified as Roberto Calvi and Francesco Pazienza. According to Melluso, Tortora had a cosmetic case full of money which he showed to Calvi and Pazienza. After three hours of talk, the attorney Cacciola presented Tortora with a bag of cocaine and he handed it to Melluso to deliver it to Rome. Prior to his arrest in 1978, Melluso twice delivered cocaine to Tortora, 5 or 7 kilos the first time in a night club called Derby in Viale Monterosa, and the smaller package a second time in a public square, Piazzale Loreto o Piazza Corveto). As evidence of his good relationship with Tortora, Melluso claimed to have had a photograph showing the two together, but to have destroyed it after Tortora's arrest in 1983.
Melluso's testimony was corroborated by seven other pentiti, among them, Giovanni Pandico, Luigi Riccio, Mario Incarnato, Pasquale Barra, etc. Based on these testimonies, Tortora was eventually convicted of cocaine trafficking and NCO membership in 1985 and sentenced to ten years in prison. Tortora was detained for years before being cleared of the charge by an appeals court. He developed cancer and died soon after the case was finally solved, some say because of the emotional stress of his imprisonment.
Testimony against other associates.
In March, 1984, the Investigation Office of the Tribunal of Naples gave the Prosecution office of Milan, a copy of the statements made by Melluso concerning the alleged drug dealing activity of Walter Chiari, Patrizia Caselli and Cusumano Antonino. Melluso had made accusations against these people that were remarkably similar to those concerning Tortora: purchase and sale of considerable quantities of cocaine, giving a detailed account of the encounters with the two actors. On July 19, 1986, the investigating judge acquitted the three accused.
He motivated the sentence as follows: 
Credibility in question.
Giovanni Melluso's credibility as a witness has been disputed and undermined from the very beginning. He has been accused of lying on the witness stand in order to further his own importance and reliability as a witness. For instance, in the Enzo Tortora trial, many of the other pentiti who corroborated his accusations would later retract their statements.
The first was Mario Incarnato who stated that he was forced to accuse Tortora after nine months. Another pentito, Catapano Guido, wrote to Tortora in prison that he had shared the cell with Melluso for six months in the Campobasso penitentiary, and was well aware that the accusations made against him were slanders. He stated that Melluso had admitted to lying and that the only time he had seen Tortora was in a television show. He further stated that Melluso admitted to having been in Sicily at the time of the alleged meeting, and was afraid of being contradicted. Another pentito, Roberto Sganzerla wrote a similar letter confirming this fact. One of the principal witnesses against the NCO Pasquale D'Amico, also wrote to Tortora stating that Melluso was a big liar.
A pentito, Michele Tassini, who testified on May 14, 1986 before the Tribunal of Naples against the Giuliano gang, stated that Riccio, Incarnato and Melluso wanted him to make statements against Tortora to further their own statements and that it was Melluso himself who was more deeply involved in the affair. Yet another pentito, Salvatore Sanfilippo, begged forgiveness in a letter to Tortora. He stated that he was threatened with murder by Pandico, Melluso and the other pentiti, if he failed to back up their accusations. He was asked to say among many things that Tortora was plotting an attack against the Public Prosecutor, Diego Marmo, to be more credible in the reconfirmation of the accusations. Also, the judges of the Third Branch have mentioned that the pentiti themselves conjured up these accusations.
Furthermore, Melluso claimed to have given a kilogram of cocaine to Tortora between the end of 1975 and the beginning of 1976, which was simply impossible as Melluso was in the Sciacca prison from November 19, 1975, to April 6, 1976.
Melluso's association with Francis Turatello has also come under attack from many investigating magistrates as well as other pentiti. In the course of the debate of the fourth branch of the trial against the NCO, Roberto Sganzerla stated that Melluso was never a drug dealer working for Turatello. This was further corroborated on July 9, 1983, by Angelo Epaminonda, Turatello's successor who became a pentito after his arrest, and was considered to be extremely reliable by the magistrates of Milan.
New imprisonment.
On July 24, 2012, Melluso was arrested due to a charge of pimping. 

</doc>
<doc id="19105870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105870" title="Water Resources Research">
Water Resources Research

Water Resources Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Geophysical Union, covering research in the social and natural sciences of water. The editor-in-chief is Alberto Montanari (University of Bologna).
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.149.

</doc>
<doc id="19105878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105878" title="Wara, Poland">
Wara, Poland

Wara () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nozdrzec, north-east of Brzozów, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19105889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105889" title="Peter Kane Dufault">
Peter Kane Dufault

Peter Kane Dufault (April 22, 1923 – April 20, 2013) was an American poet. He was born in New Jersey.
He has been writing poetry for almost sixty years. Raised in New York, he graduated from Harvard University and served as a bomber pilot during World War II. In 1968 he ran for Congress in Columbia County, New York on the Liberal Party's anti-war platform. He has been variously employed as a tree-surgeon, journalist, teacher, house-painter, and pollster; he has twice been poet-in-residence at the Cheltenham Festival. He is well known as fiddler, banjo-player, and dance-caller. His poems have appeared in many magazines and journals including "The New Yorker", "London Magazine" and "Poetry". His poetry was also included in the Norton Anthology of Poetry in the 1996 Edition. He was raised in Mamaroneck New York and from 1960 until his death he lived and wrote in Hillsdale, New York. 
On June 4, 2010, the documentary film, "What I Meant to Tell You: An American Poet’s State of the Union", had its world premiere at the Berkshire International Film Festival in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
He died two days short of his 90th birthday in 2013 at his home in Hillsdale, New York.
References.
Postscript: Peter Kane Dufault (1923-2013): The New Yorker June 6, 2013- Written by Brad Leithauser
isbn 0915298147 On Balance by Peter Kane Dufault 
Publisher Info http://www.sagartfineart.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19105896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105896" title="Robert Junius">
Robert Junius

Robert Junius, also recorded as Robertus Junius (born "Robert de Jonghe", 1606, Rotterdam – 22 August 1655, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Reformed Church missionary to Taiwan (then known as Formosa) from 1629 to 1643. Along with Antonius Hambroek and Joannes Cruyf, he was among the longest-serving missionaries of the Dutch colonial era in Formosa.
Mission in Formosa.
On arriving in Formosa, Junius took up residence in the village of Sakam, in the vicinity of Fort Provintia in present-day Tainan City.
Described as more energetic than his contemporary, George Candidius, Junius was involved in the pacification of Taiwanese aborigines following the slaughter of sixty Dutch people by the natives of Mattau. This took the form of a short punitive war against the offending villages by Dutch forces, resulting in the killing of "a few dozen" aborigines and a "Pax Hollandica" which followed after the recalcitrant tribes had been cowed. Following this campaign, Junius continually urged the authorities in Batavia to send more clergymen to Formosa to assist in the instruction and conversion of the now amenable natives, something in which he was supported by the governor of the time, Hans Putmans. However, he was ultimately disappointed by the response from the colonial administrative centre.
In 1641, he was called to Batavia to report to the Consistory (the religious administrative body for Asia), and asked whether he would like to continue his service in Formosa. He agreed to return for two years, provided that
These requests were agreed upon, and Junius returned to Formosa until late 1643. 
The numbers of baptisms under Junius' authority were impressive, even with Junius' work confined to the few villages around the Dutch strongholds of Fort Zeelandia and Fort Provintia. One commentator remarks that
Return to Holland.
On December 14, 1643, Junius again went to Batavia at the end of his commission. The Consistory again requested him to return to Formosa to continue his ministry, but this time Junius declined and decided instead to go back to his homeland, Holland. He married in 1645 in Delft, lived on Koornmarkt until 1653

</doc>
<doc id="19105915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105915" title="Vampire Can Mating Oven">
Vampire Can Mating Oven

Vampire Can Mating Oven is an EP released in 1987 by the alternative rock band Camper Van Beethoven. The EP includes satirical liner notes relating false stories behind the songs. A re-recorded version of "Never Go Back" was included the following year on the band's major label debut, "Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart".

</doc>
<doc id="19105919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105919" title="Vi var där blixten hittade ner – Bränt krut vol. 3">
Vi var där blixten hittade ner – Bränt krut vol. 3

Vi var där blixten hittade ner – Bränt krut vol. 3 is a live album by Lars Winnerbäck released in 2008, containing songs recorded live during 2007. Though the album was available only at Winnerbäck concerts during 2008, it reached the number one spot in the Swedish music charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19105932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105932" title="Castellans of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth">
Castellans of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth

Castellans of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth were the lower rank officials who could sit in the Senate of Poland. Their numbers varied with time and shifting borders of the Commonwealth.
In the Kingdom of Poland and later the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Castellans () were in most cases lower in precedence to the Voivodess (with the exceptions of the three Distinguished Castellans, and the important Castellan - that of Kraków - had a position in the hierarchy was actually superior to that of a Voivode).
Competences.
Except for the Castellan of Kraków Land (which has its seat in a privileged city, as the Commonwealth's capital to 1596), Castellans were often considered subordinate to Voivodes. Two castellans from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania - those of Wilno and Troki - were also considered privileged, and had a status equal to those of the voivodes. Castellans were in charge of a part of a Voivodship called Castellany (Polish: "Kasztelania") until the 15th century and from that time on their domain was divided into provinces for Greater Castellans and powiats for Minor Castellans.
From 1565, the principle of ""incompatibilitas"" ("incompatibility") forbade Voivodes and Castellans to hold a second title as a Minister, except for the post of Hetman.
List.
The list below is based on the 1569 data. The number of castellans changed in the later centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19105934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105934" title="Colin Carter">
Colin Carter

Colin A. Carter is Professor of Agricultural and Resource Economics at the University of California, Davis. His research/teaching interests include international trade, futures markets, and commodity markets.
Carter is an Albertan. He was born and raised on a grain farm in Sexsmith, Alberta, Canada. He obtained a BA in Economics and an MS in Agricultural Economics from the University of Alberta. He then studied at University of California, Berkeley where he completed a MA in Economics and a Ph.D. in Agricultural Economics in 1980. From 1980 to 1986, he held the position of Assistant Professor in Agricultural Economics at the University of Manitoba. He is now a professor at UC Davis.
Carter has published more than 130 research papers, and has authored or edited 15 books. He has published in the areas of international trade, commodity markets, agricultural policy, futures and options markets, the economics of China’s agriculture, and the economics of agricultural biotechnology. Colin has received a number of professional awards for Quality of Research Discovery; for Quality of Communication, and for Distinguished Policy Contribution. In 2001, he won the American Agricultural Economics Association (AAEA) award for “Outstanding Essay for the 21st Century" for "Will China Become a Major Force in World Food Markets?," co-authored with Scott Rozelle. Carter was named Fellow of AAEA in 2000 in recognition of his contributions to the field of agricultural economics.
Carter has written a textbook on Futures and Options Markets and teaches a UC Davis undergraduate class on futures and options markets and a graduate class on international commodity trade. In 2013, he was listed as one of the 15 Commodity-Friendly professors on [http://commodityhq.com/ Commodity HQ.
Since 1985, he has travelled extensively to China, studying China’s domestic commodity markets and China's participation in the international agricultural market. In 1988, with Professor Funing Zhong from Nanjing Agricultural University, he published one of the first books to explain the economic effects of the decollectivization of China’s agriculture.
Carter has taken an active role in national and international professional societies. From 1986-89, he held a 3-year fellowship in international food systems from the Kellogg Foundation. Colin served as chair of the UC Davis Department of Agricultural and Resource Economics from 1998 to 2001. He is currently Chair of the Giannini Foundation of Agricultural Economics.
Carter has extensive litigation experience as an economics expert witness, dealing with the following commodities: wheat, corn, barley, rice, orange juice, hogs, cattle, onions, strawberries, tomatoes, and potatoes. He has worked on a number of legal cases involving the economics of commodity markets and he has testified in court and in front of domestic and international trade tribunals. Colin has worked on a number of international antidumping cases as an expert witness. He has written a number of economic reports for litigation purposes and has been deposed numerous times as an economics expert. Often, his analysis involves estimating economic damages or measuring the market impacts of international commodity trade. He has also testified on the economics of state-trading monopolies such as the Canadian Wheat Board.

</doc>
<doc id="19105950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105950" title="12th Gyalwang Drukpa">
12th Gyalwang Drukpa

The Twelfth Gyalwang Drukpa, Jigme Pema Wangchen (b. 1963), is the head of the Drukpa Lineage school, which is one of the independent Sarma (new) schools of Tibetan Buddhism.
The Drukpa lineage was founded in 1206 after Drogon Tsangpa Gyare, (Drogon - 'Protector of Beings'; Tsang - 'born in the land of Tsang'; Gya - 'from the noble clan of Chinese (Gya) origin'; Re - 'a cotton-clad yogi') after he saw nine dragons fly into the sky from the ground at Namdruk. He is known as the First Gyalwang Drukpa and is recognized as the indisputable emanation of Naropa (1016–1100).
Jigme Pema Wangchen is the twelfth and present incarnation of the Gyalwang Drukpa. He was born while his parents were on pilgrimage in Tso Pema, (Rewalsar) Himachal Pradesh, a sacred place of Padmasambhava, during the festival and a major ceremony of lama dances and a holy feast celebrating Guru Padmasambhava's birthday, in 1963. His father, Zhichen Bairochana, is a Dzogchen Master, these days commonly called Bairo Rinpoche. His mother, Kelsang Yudron, commonly known as Mayumla, came from Lhodrak, in southern Tibet. 
The name Jigme Pema Wangchen was given right after his birth by Dudjom Rinpoche, at that time head of the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism:
"My name, Jigme Pema Wangchen was given by the holy Master Dudjom Yeshe Dorje with his traditional congratulations and divine blessings. Ever since then, I am blessed and entirely protected by him and Guru Padmasambhava forever."
He was enthroned as a reincarnation of the 11th Gyalwang Drukpa at the age of four at Druk Thupten Sangag Choeling Monastery in Darjeeling, his main monastery.
The monastic centres of the Drukpa lineage are:
Humanitarian projects of the present Gyalwang Drukpa.
He is the founder of The Druk White Lotus School in Ladakh, India, an award-winning environmentally friendly institution that provides a blend of traditional and modern education for the children of Ladakh.
In 2010 he was awarded the Bharat Jyoti Award of the India International Friendship Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19105956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105956" title="Harriet Smith Windsor">
Harriet Smith Windsor

Harriet Smith Windsor was the Delaware Secretary of State from 2001 through 2009. Windsor is a Democrat and currently services as the Vice Chair of the Delaware Democratic Party. In 2008 Windsor was an elector for Barack Obama.
Family.
Harriet Smith Windsor is married to Richard, and together they have two children named James and Julia. 
Religion.
Harriet Smith Windsor is currently a part of the United Methodist Church. 
Residence.
Harriet Smith Windsor was born in Millsboro, Delaware and her home city is Lewes, Delaware. 
Education.
Harriet Smith Windsor received her education from the following institutions:
Political experience.
Harriet Smith Windsor has had the following political experience:

</doc>
<doc id="19105985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105985" title="103 Squadron (Portugal)">
103 Squadron (Portugal)

The 103 Squadron ""Caracóis"" ("Esquadra 103") is a jet advanced training squadron of the Portuguese Air Force. Prior to 1978, the ""Caracóis"" also received following designations: 22 Squadron, "Esquadra de Instrução Complementar de Pilotagem" (EICP) and "Esquadra de Instrução Complementar de Pilotagem em Aviões de Combate" (EICPAC).
Roles and missions.
Its primary mission is the complementary flying training on jet aircraft and operational transition training.
History.
The origins of the 103 Squadron date back to 1953 with the beginning of the operational service of the T-33A Shooting Star and later that same year with the delivery of the first jet fighters, the F-84G Thunderjet, in service with the Portuguese Air Force (PoAF). These aircraft were assigned to then-Air Base No. 2 (BA2), Ota, to equip the first jet fighter squadron, the 20 Squadron. That same year a new Flight ("Esquadrilha de Voo sem Visibilidade", VSV) was created and integrated in the 20 Squadron to train in the flight by instruments and the operational conversion on a twin-seat jet of the new pilots for the single-seat F-84. With the formation of a second jet fighter squadron, the 21 Sqn., in 1954, the VSV Flight became more independent.
In 1955, the 22 Squadron, the third squadron of the 201st Operational Group of Air Base No. 2, was created and equipped with the totality of the existing T-33 fleet and a small detachment of F-84G — resulting in the T-33A being finally assigned to an independent squadron of its own. The primary mission of this squadron was to provide the conversion and transition training for jet fighters to pilots who had experience with conventional aircraft, like the F-47D Thunderbolt and SB2C Helldiver. This training consisted of about 40 hours of flight in basic flying, acrobatic flying, formation, flight by instruments, navigation, and night flight, and also the conversion to the F-84G before the pilots were assigned to an operational fighter squadron.
In 1956, with the complete conversion of the pilots of the last conventional fighter squadron, the 22 Squadron mission was changed from the conversion of pilots to jet fighters, to the instruction of pilots, thus adopting the new designation of Pilot Complementary Instruction Squadron (, EICP).
On August 1957, the squadron was then transferred to then-Air Base No. 3 (BA3) and assigned to the PoAF's Directorate of Instruction (DINST). The trainee-pilots where then transferred directly from the Pilot Basic Instruction Squadron (, EIBP), which was equipped with the T-6 Texan. The training in T-33A also was changed from 40 to 80 hours of flight and trips of navigation instruction to other countries were added.
On December, due to logistic-administrative reasons, the EICP adopted the designation of Combat Aircraft Piloting Complementary Instruction Squadron (, EICPAC), so that the subsidy of operational pilots in jet aircraft was also attributed to the squadron's instructors, also adding to the instruction subsidy.
On September 1960, the squadron was transferred back to Ota, and with the disbandment of the 20 and 21 Squadrons, the totality of the F-84G fleet was also assigned to EICPAC. This resulted in the squadron being organized in two independent Flights, having only the command of the squadron as common between them. The T-33 Flight continued with the mission of complementary instruction while the F-84 Flight had as mission the operational conversion of pilots for the F-86F Sabre. However, with the beginning of the conflict in Africa, the F-84 were transferred to new squadrons in the colonies, along with many of its pilot-instructors.
On November 1974, the squadron was transferred to Air Base No. 5, in Monte Real; by then with more than 90 hours of flight training.
In 1978, with the organic restructure of the Air Force, the squadron's designation is changed to 103 Squadron, while not losing the previous designation of EICPAC.
During July 1980, 103 Squadron started to receive the T-38A Talon, until then operated by 201 Squadron. This resulted in the EICPAC being organized, for the second time, in two independent flights. The T-38 flight was dependent of the Operational Command (COFA) while the T-33 flight continued under the command of the DINST.
In 1987, 103 Squadron is transferred to Air Base No. 11, in Beja. On January 1990, the Operational Introduction Course (, CIO) is implemented in the T-38 Flight, to provide operational introduction to the pilots trained in the United States, helping in their integration with the combat squadrons.
With the beginning of the retirement of the T-33 in 1988, the T-38 started replacing it in the main course of complementary instruction of combat aircraft. By 1991 the retirement of the T-33 was completed.
On June 1993, the T-38 was retired and by November the 103 Squadron started its first course in the Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet.
Commanders.
List of commanders of the 103 Squadron since the squadron's transference from Ota to Monte Real, in November 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19105987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105987" title="Neil Googe">
Neil Googe

Neil Googe is a British comics artist.
Biography.
Googe's early comics work include a "Shotgun Mary" mini-series and work on "2000 AD", including a number of "Judge Dredd" stories.
He was one of the co-founders of the British independent comic publisher Com.x in 2000, where he wrote and drew "Bazooka Jules" and although only three issues were published Googe says he still has ideas for many more. However, since then he had steady work in the American comic book market since and the opportunity has never arisen.
In the American market he is known for his work on "Welcome to Tranquility" with Gail Simone for Wildstorm where he'd previously worked on "Majestic". Following this he worked with Christos Gage on "Wildcats: World's End". and then with "Mike Costa" on the "World of Warcraft" hard back graphic novel Dark Riders which was released by "DC Comics" after the "Wildstorm" merge.
After this Neil continued working with "DC Comics", lending his hand more to one shot issues like "Rose and Thorn", the recent Detective Comics "Harley Quinn" #1 issue, the Legends of the Dark Knight "Harley Quinn" issue and most recently "The Flash". Also returning to "2000 AD" to work on Survival Geeks written by "Gordon Rennie" and "Emma Beeby"
Coming almost full circle, Neil is currently working on a creator owned project entitled Welcome to the Hood, to be launched as a pen and paper "Role Playing Game" and also an accompanying comic. As well as finally relaunching "Bazooka Jules" under the name of "", though he has said this will be as a world setting for existing "Role Playing Games" systems with supplementary short stories in comic format. He is also working on a number of other table top and "RPG" products, including an as yet unnamed 3rd party "Pathfinder" supplement.
He has said that he will still be doing regular comic work alongside his other projects.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19105996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19105996" title="Osamu">
Osamu

Possible writings.
Osamu can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19106000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106000" title="Olivier Toussaint">
Olivier Toussaint

Olivier Toussaint is a French composer, pop singer, orchestra arranger, company manager, and record producer.
Early life.
He was born in Paris, in a family of classical musicians. His great-grandfather, Gilbert Duprez was a very well known Opera singer. His grandparents were both opera singers, and his mother was a concert pianist who played in big orchestras in France.
On the insistence of his mother, he studied Economics and Social Sciences at University in Paris. But as soon as he graduated, he was back making music. He worked professionally as a singer and musician, playing guitar. At the same time he was involved in writing music for television and the cinema.
Classical music was a part of his life due to his family background, but it did not fit to his musical expectations. Other than classical music, he was very interested in jazz, easy listening, semi-classical, and pop music.
Music career.
Early years.
He started a partnership with the French composer, Paul de Senneville in 1968. Soon after, they started to compose many songs together. Their collaboration got well known immediately, and their compositions were recorded by major French singers such as Michel Polnareff, Christophe, Dalida, Petula Clark, Claude François and Mireille Mathieu. They internationally sold more than 100 million records.
Olivier Toussaint and Paul de Senneville also got involved in music production business and started up the group "Pop Concerto Orchestra". In this group, Toussaint was a lead singer. Then they launched a second rock and roll group "Anarchic System". Over a period of 5 years, both of the groups sold several millions of records.
Career development.
1975 was the major breakthrough for both Paul de Senneville and Olivier Toussaint with the triumph of Dolannes Melody which launched the trumpet player Jean-Claude Borelly.
They collaborated with the French composer/arranger Gérard Salesses, in arranging many of titles for Jean-Claude Borelly.
In 1976, Paul de Senneville and Olivier Tousaint set up their own record company, Delphine Productions (named after de Senneville's first daughter, Delphine). Delphine company is one of the leading French music exporters to the world market. Soon after in 1976, they discovered Richard Clayderman, and established him as the top French record seller world wide more than 65 millions of LPs sold. Ballade pour Adeline composed by Paul de Senneville and Olivier Tousaint, was the first song recorded by Richard Clayderman at Delphine studio, and it sold over 22 million singles in 38 countries through the years 1977 to 1979.
Success.
The year 1978 was Olivier Toussaint's big success, attending in Monégasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, and performing the duet Les jardins de Monaco (The Gardens of Monaco) with the female singer "Caline". It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1979 Contest by Laurent Vaguener with Notre Vie C'Est La Musique.
In 1983, with the song "Eden is a magic world" (composed by Paul de Senneville), Olivier Toussaint got No.1 in the charts in France, Switzerland and Belgium.
Since then, Olivier Toussaint has been the main manager to Delphine company, looking after over 40 employees and artists. Delphine company is nowadays several groups representing 15 companies dealing with various activities. Besides producing and recording music for several international instrumentalists such as Richard Clayderman, Nicolas de Angelis, and Ocarina group, Delphine activities is in instrumental an advertising film and clip production.
Olivier Toussaint is still passionately involved with Richard Clayderman's career; managing his worldwide tours, producing his albums, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19106003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106003" title="C. B. Cebulski">
C. B. Cebulski

C.B. Cebulski is an American writer and editor for Marvel Comics, known for his work on titles such as "Marvel Fairy Tales". As of 2011, he holds the position of Senior Vice President of Creative & Creator Development.
Career.
Cebulski started his comics career editing manga for Central Park Media in New York City. He started actively writing manga-influenced work like Marvel Mangaverse.
He stepped down from editing in early 2006 but returned to Marvel later in the same year to adopt a more mixed role, and in 2007 signed an exclusive deal with Marvel which was still flexible enough to allow him to pursue other projects.
He has contributed two installments of Marvel Fairy Tales, "X-Men Fairy Tales" and "Spider-Man Fairy Tales", with a third, "Avengers Fairy Tales", in the pipeline.
Although Cebulski has not directly worked on the "Runaways" series, he has worked on series directly related to it: its spin-off "Loners". "What if the Runaways became the Young Avengers?" and leader of the Runaways' Nico Minoru's section in the series "Mystic Arcana".
As well as writing for Marvel he continues his editorial duties (searching for new artists) as well as working on creator-owned titles at Image Comics, like "Drain" and "Wonderlost".
His other projects include "X-Infernus", the sequel to "Inferno", which featured the return of the character Magik and the "War of Kings: Darkhawk" mini-series, a character he had previously worked on in "The Loners".
Cebulski received an homage in the video game "Marvel Ultimate Alliance". In a sub-quest, the player needs to recommend one of two hackers to help Weasel hack into S.H.I.E.L.D. files and find out if the Black Widow is a double agent or not. One of them is named after Cebulski, and proves to be the right choice, since the other (Beroge) is a squealer.

</doc>
<doc id="19106008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106008" title="All India Bank Officers' Confederation">
All India Bank Officers' Confederation

All India Bank Officers’ Confederation (AIBOC), founded on 6 October 1985, is one of the prominent trade union organizations of India, and is an apex body consisting of trade union organizations of supervisory staff members of many banking companies operating in India. AIBOC represents around 200,000 supervisory staff members working in different banks in India, and has its registered office at New Delhi, with offices in many cities of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19106015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106015" title="Nickelodeon (Pakistan)">
Nickelodeon (Pakistan)

Nickelodeon Pakistan (usually called Ary Nick) is the Pakistani version of Nickelodeon, which is operated as a joint venture between local media company Ary Digital and MTV Networks International. The network transmits over the Intelsat satellite to cable and satellite viewers in Pakistan and Sri Lanka and features some portions of the schedule dubbed or subtitled in Urdu.
Nick Pakistan uses the pre-dubbed shows in Urdu by Nick India.
Criticism and Controversy.
In 2005, Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority issued an order regarding the ban of several non-private channels because of their Urdu dubbed programs having a little blend of Hindi. Later on, the Cartoon Network and another channel of apparently said Hindi versions had been switched to English versions on the Pemra's instructions but the Urdu (having Hindi blend) feed of the channels were back after few months.
In early 2010, PEMRA again issued a notice against the non-private channels which resulted in a complete ban of Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network's Pakistan feed. Once again, the flamed issue was the Hindi-Urdu dubbed shows on its schedule line up and the Government's demand for a private kids-channel affiliated with PTV instead. The ban stayed and was not lifted till the end of the July 2011.
At last on August 1, an announcement was made by the Minister for Information and Broadcasting, Firdous Ashiq Awan. She said ‘"Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon, have been granted permission to air programmes in Pakistan"’. But at the closure, she expressed her interest in a private TV channel once again and said ‘"The Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority will accommodate private TV channel if someone wished to launch channel for children."’

</doc>
<doc id="19106036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106036" title="Rhododendron hirsutum">
Rhododendron hirsutum

Rhododendron hirsutum, the hairy alpenrose is one of the species of "Rhododendron" native to the mountains of Europe. It occurs in the Eastern Alps, and has been naturalised in parts of the Carpathians. It grows on carbonate-rich soils, whereas its close relative "R. ferrugineum" grows on acid soils; where the two occur together, they frequently produce the hybrid "Rhododendron" × "intermedium".

</doc>
<doc id="19106045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106045" title="Bland skurkar, helgon och vanligt folk">
Bland skurkar, helgon och vanligt folk

Bland skurkar, helgon och vanligt folk ("Among villains, saints and ordinary folk") is a live album recorded during a 1999 Swedish summer tour of the same name, and includes tracks by Stefan Sundström, Lars Winnerbäck, Johan Johansson, Karin Renberg, and Kjell Höglund. The album was released by Birdnest Records in 1999. 

</doc>
<doc id="19106052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106052" title="Shahana Goswami">
Shahana Goswami

Shahana Goswami (born 6 May 1986) is an Indian actress who works in the Indian Film Industry.
Early life.
Shahana Goswami was born in New Delhi to a Bengali Origin. She attended Sardar Patel Vidyalaya, Delhi and Sophia College, Mumbai. Goswami was the house captain and sports champion in her school. She secured second position at the National Artificial Wall Climbing Competition and has represented her school in athletics, badminton, basketball and volleyball at the zonal level.She also trained in Odissi for 10 years under Guru Padmashri Kiran Segal and has travelled and performed extensively with her dance troupe.
Shahana had a single-minded focus on professional acting since childhood. She moved to Mumbai to complete her graduation and to explore the possibility of taking up acting as a career. In Mumbai, her first steps in acting were at Jaimini Pathak's theatre group Working Title. There, she started off as a production assistant and then acted in their productions Seagull and Arabian Nights.
Career.
Shahana had a single-minded focus on professional acting since childhood. She moved to Mumbai to complete her graduation and to explore the possibility of taking up acting as a career. In Mumbai, her first steps in acting were at Jaimini Pathak's theatre group Working Title. There, she started off as a production assistant and then acted in their productions "Seagull" and "Arabian Nights".
Through her theater circle she met talent consultant Shaanu Sharma who asked her to audition for a role in Naseeruddin Shah's directorial debut "Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota". Subsequently, she stumbled upon the small role of Boman Irani's daughter in Reema Katgi's "Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd.", when she visited the production house for some other work. Meanwhile, a cinematographer who noticed her work in "Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota" recommended her and she auditioned for the lead role in Percept Picture Company's Ru Ba Ru, directed by Arjun Bali, with Randeep Hooda as her co-star. For Goswami, Ru Ba Ru happened while she was still in college completing her graduation. She gave her first shot for the film in Bangkok, much before she was signed on for Rock On!!.
Her friends Shaanu Sharma and Simran, who were in the middle of casting for Rock On!!, at that time suggested her name to Abhishek Kapoor (director of Rock On!!). Later, she auditioned for the film and got the big break in the role of Debbie. Her performance not only secured her a prominent spot on the Bollywood map, but also fetched her many awards, the most prestigious of them being the Filmfare Best Actress (Critics) award, which no supporting actress had won until then.
She then appeared in the music video for Dido's "Let's Do the Things We Normally Do" as a taxi driver in Mumbai. The video was shot by Siddharth Sikand. In between, she also featured in a Fevicol commercial set in a village in Rajasthan.
Goswami's first international project is Deepa Mehta's "Midnight's Children", an adaptation of Salman Rushdie's Booker Prize winning novel. The film released in 2013.
Shahana also featured in the Chivas Studio 2011-12, which was held in Delhi and Mumbai in November and December 2011.
Shahana plays the female lead in Vara (The Boon) directed by Khyentse Norbu (director of The Cup and Travellers & Magicians), which was shot in Sri Lanka. She received the Asian Award for best actress for her performance in this film.
Shahana also features in Madhur Bhandarkar's "Heroine" starring Kareena Kapoor, Arjun Rampal and Randeep Hooda.
Shahana was in a relationship with noted Indian model/actor Milind Soman

</doc>
<doc id="19106068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106068" title="RAF Dunholme Lodge">
RAF Dunholme Lodge

Royal Air Force Station Dunholme Lodge or more simply RAF Dunholme Lodge was a Royal Air Force station located between the parishes of Welton and Dunholme in Lincolnshire, England.
History.
The grass airfield was first used by the Royal Air Force during 1941 and 1942 for use by Handley Page Hampden aircraft from nearby RAF Scampton, and was officially opened as a RAF Station in September 1942 as part of RAF Bomber Command with the building of three hard runways.
The main occupier of the station was 44 Squadron, with the Avro Lancaster four-engined heavy bomber, which moved in from RAF Waddington in May 1943 and stayed until it moved to RAF Spilsby in September 1944.
In November 1944 flying operations ceased due the proximity of other stations which did not allow night flying. At the end of the war 120 Lancasters had been lost on operations from Dunholme Lodge.
The William Farr School was opened in 1952 on part of the disused domestic site.
In 1959 the airfield became a site for Bloodhound surface-to-air missiles with 141 Squadron until it was disbanded and the station finally closed in 1964.
Current use.
Bits of the runways still exist and the site is now used for farming.

</doc>
<doc id="19106085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106085" title="2002 Copa AT&amp;T">
2002 Copa AT&amp;T

The 2002 Copa AT&T was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 18 through February 24, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19106089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106089" title="DARPA FORESTER">
DARPA FORESTER

The DARPA FORESTER is a technology development program sponsored jointly by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and the U.S. Army intended to produce an advanced airborne UHF radar system that can track personnel and vehicles on the ground when they are hidden by foliage. "FORESTER" is an acronym for "FO"PEN Reconnaissance, Surveillance, Tracking and Engagement Radar ("FOPEN" itself is an acronym for FOliage PENetration).
Description.
The FORESTER is a GMTI radar system with a resolution of 6 meters that is mounted inside a long pod and designed to be carried under an A160 Hummingbird helicopter unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The system is able to detect vehicles and walking soldiers underneath tree cover from a distance of , giving battle planners the ability to detect potential ambushes. The pod is designed to swivel from its stowed in-line position 90 degrees to its deployed position. From a helicopter UAV hovering at , FORESTER can cover a area.
According to FORESTER program manager Vincent Sabio, "Employing the sensor system on the DARPA/U.S. Army A160 Hummingbird unmanned aerial vehicle helicopter or other suitable platform will provide a robust, wide-area, all-weather, standoff capability."
Cost is anticipated to run US$2.5 million per unit, with a production goal of US$1 million per unit in quantities of 50 or more.
Development.
The FORESTER program is being managed by DARPA's Information Innovation Office (I2O), and the hardware is manufactured for DARPA by SRC at their Syracuse, NY, headquarters. The initial prototype for the FORESTER was flight tested using a UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter because the A160 had not yet completed its Phase 1 flight test program. Test flights with the A160 began in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19106091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106091" title="Belgian Open">
Belgian Open

Belgian Open can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19106095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106095" title="Blackbrook Zoological Park">
Blackbrook Zoological Park

Blackbrook Zoological Park is a zoo in central England which exhibits the largest collection of birds in the country. It is known for its breeding of rare bird species, with over 300 successfully breeding species to date. The zoo also has a growing collection of mammals, reptiles, fish and amphibians. It is a rural zoo, set in of farmland and moorland at Winkhill in Staffordshire, England. The nearest towns are Leek, Ashbourne and Stoke-on-Trent.
History.
Blackbrook Zoological Park was established in 1991 by Diana Holloway and her son, Mark Rubery. Holloway was already experienced in running a wildlife visitor attraction, having owned and run Hillside Bird Oasis in Mobberley, Cheshire since 1974. Blackbrook quickly developed into a large bird collection in its own right. Following Diana Holloway's death in 2006, running of the zoo passed to her son Mark. Development and expansion has continued in recent years: in 2006, a new entrance, gift shop and café were constructed, and in 2008, a £500,000 penguin exhibit was added. Hillside Bird Oasis was forced to close to the public in 2002 following complaints from local residents over increasing traffic levels, but it is still maintained by the owners as a private breeding facility. In 2008 the zoo became a charity and has begun to focus on conservation and education. The zoo receives no government grants.
Animals.
Blackbrook currently holds over 200 species of bird and around 40 mammals and reptiles. It has a large collection of cranes, pelicans, and waterfowl. Some of the animals exhibited are listed below:
Future developments.
Future projects at the zoo will include the development of the country's largest river aviary.

</doc>
<doc id="19106110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106110" title="Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991">
Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991

Switzerland competed at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, held in Rome, Italy.
The Swiss entry was Sandra Simó with the Italian song "Canzone per te" (A song for you), composed by Renato Mascetti.
The Swiss national final to select the entry was held on 23 February 1991, hosted by Lolita Morena.
National final.
The Swiss final was held at the Casino du Rivage in Vevey. The winner was decided by the votes of 3 regional juries, a press jury and an expert jury.
At Eurovision.
Simó performed 5th on the night of the contest, following Greece and preceding Austria. At the close of the voting the song had received 118 points, placing 5th of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19106129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106129" title="Lanthanum(III) bromide">
Lanthanum(III) bromide

Lanthanum(III) bromide (LaBr3) is an inorganic halide salt of lanthanum. When pure, it is a colorless white powder. The single crystals of LaBr3 are hexagonal crystals with melting point of 783°C. It is highly hygroscopic and water soluble. There are several hydrates, La3Br·X H2O, of the salt also known. It is often used as a source of lanthanum in chemical synthesis, and is being evaluated for use as a scintillation material in certain applications.
Uses.
Cerium activated lanthanum bromide is the recent inorganic scintillator which has a combination of high light yield and the best energy resolution.
Lanthanum bromide scintillation detector.
Recent advances in scintillator material have resulted in the development of cerium activated lanthanum bromide (LaBr3) detectors. LaBr3 was discovered in 2001. These detectors offer improved energy resolution, fast emission and excellent temperature and linearity characteristics. Typical energy resolution at 662 keV is 3% as compared to sodium iodide detectors at 7%. The improved resolution is due to a photoelectron yield of 160% that achieved with sodium iodide. Another advantage of LaBr3 is the nearly flat photo emission over a 70 °C temperature range (~1% change in light output).
Today LaBr3 detectors are offered with bialkali photomultiplier tubes (PMT) that can be two inches in diameter and 10 or more inches long . However, miniature packaging can be obtained by the use of a silicon drift detector (SDD). These UV enhanced diodes provide excellent wavelength matching to the 380 nm emission of LaBr3. A paper presented at the 2005 IEEE Nuclear Science Symposium shows that the SDD has a higher quantum efficiency over the PMT . Moreover the SDD is not as sensitive to temperature and bias drift. The reported spectroscopy performance of the SDD configuration resulted in a 2.8% energy resolution at 662 keV for the detector sizes considered.
LaBr3 introduces an enhanced set of capabilities to a range of gamma spectroscopy radioisotope detection and identification systems used in the homeland security market. Isotope identification utilizes several techniques (known as algorithms) which rely on the detector’s ability to discriminate peaks. The improvements in resolution allow more accurate peak discrimination in ranges where isotopes often have many overlapping peaks. This leads to better isotope classification. Screening of all types (pedestrians, cargo, conveyor belts, shipping containers, vehicles, etc.) often requires accurate isotopic identification to differentiate concerning materials from non-concerning materials (medical isotopes in patients, naturally occurring radioactive materials, etc.) Heavy R&D and deployment of instruments utilizing LaBr3 is expected in the upcoming years. (List of companies who manufacture commercial off-the-shelf Radiation Isotope Identifiers for Homeland Security: Canberra Industries, ORTEC, Berkeley Nucleonics, spectra sample and spectroscopy example])

</doc>
<doc id="19106130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106130" title="HD 158614">
HD 158614

HD 158614 is a spectroscopic binary star system approximately 60 light-years away in the constellation of Ophiuchus.
This system is in the Zeta Herculis moving group, which is of low metallicity stars, 5 billion years old. Besides ζ Herculis, the group includes δ Trianguli, ζ Reticuli, 1 Hydrae, Gl 456, φ2 Pavonis, and GJ 9079.
This binary was included in a search for brown dwarfs that turned up no large companions.

</doc>
<doc id="19106136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106136" title="Banana production in Honduras">
Banana production in Honduras

Banana production in Honduras plays an important role in the Economy of Honduras. In 1992, the revenue generated from banana sales that year accounted to US$287 million and along with the coffee industry accounted for some 50% of exports. Honduras produced 861,000 tons of bananas in 1999. The two American multinational corporations, Chiquita Brands International and the Dole Food Company are responsible for most Honduran banana production and exports.
History.
Honduras began exporting bananas in the late nineteenth century, and the trade grew rapidly. Initially, in the 1870s most banana production was confined to the Bay Islands, the mainland did not begin serious production until about 1880. The U. S. Consul reported that in 1894 goods worth almost $350,000 were exported to the United States, through Puerto Cortés, the region's main port, and by 1903 it had almost tripled to over $900,000. Much of this export was in the form of the growing banana trade, between 1894 and 1903 the trade had grown almost four-fold from somewhat over 600,000 stems to over 2 million. Shipping had increased as well, from 4 steamers a month bound for the United States to 18, and the destination ports expanded from only New Orleans to include Mobile, Philadelphia and Boston.
The initial growth of the trade was from local banana growers. A census of 1899 revealed that northern Honduras had over 1,000 people in the region between Puerto Cortés and La Ceiba (and inland as far as San Pedro Sula) tending bananas, most of them small holders. This numerous class was able to expand production, take over communal lands and win the political struggle with cattle ranchers over land control in the early decades of the twentieth century.
In the early years of the industry, banana growers delivered their fruit to the coast where steamers from a variety of U. S. based shippers purchased them. However, the steamship companies were gradually merged until only a handful remained, and these were soon to be dominated by the Vaccaro brothers of New Orleans, who founded the Standard Fruit and Steamship Company (eventually to become Dole) in 1899. Because northern Honduras had a poorly developed transportation network, only farms located along major streams, the few existing railroads on in the immediate vicinity of the coast were viable to participate in the export trade. Thus, the steamship companies needed to invest in constructing a local infrastructure of railroads that would expand the area available for cultivation. By 1902 local railroad lines were being constructed on the Caribbean coast to accommodate the expanding banana production.
The Honduran government, operating on Liberal economic policies that had been in place since 1876, made significant concessions of land and tax exemption to anyone who would open up agricultural land. While some Honduran producers were able to take advantage of these opportunities, the most significant concessions went to U. S. based companies that had the capital to purchase and develop land quickly. Companies like the Tela Railroad Company were granted land concessions in exchange for building railroad. In its 1912 concession, the Tela Railroad Company received 6,000 hectares of national land (that is land that was deemed vacant) for every 12 kilometers of track they laid, on the route from Tela to El Progresso, laid out in alternate blocks on both sides of the rail lines.
Following their first concessions in 1912, U. S. based concerns would achieve more or less complete control of the productive alluvial plains of Honduras' Atlantic coast. The area around Puerto Cortés was dominated by the Cuyamel Fruit Company, the La Ceiba region by Standard Fruit, and Tela and Trujillo were controlled by United Fruit's subsidiaries, the Tela Railroad Company and the Trujillo Railroad Company. By 1929, the United Fruit Company operated in over of the country as well as controlling the major ports. 
Initially, Honduran producers focused on growing the Gros Michel type of bananas, which had important characteristics that made them easy to store and ship and appealed to consumers in North American markets. However, in the early 1920s, banana producing areas began suffering from a blight known as the "Panama Disease" which, combined with soil exhaustion occasioned by monocrop agriculture led to a decline in many parts of northern Honduras. The companies sought to restore production by rerouting railroads and renegotiating concessions so as to bring more virgin land into cultivation. In addition they began to replace the Gros Michel with the Cavendish variety of banana which had some resistance to the disease.
Political Implications.
General Sierra's efforts to perpetuate himself in office led to his overthrow in 1903 by General Manuel Bonilla, who proved to be an even greater ally of the banana companies than Sierra had been. Companies gained exemptions from taxes and permission to construct wharves and roads, as well as permission to improve interior waterways and to obtain charters for new railroad construction. 
At one time the American government trained the Honduran army and air force to protect the supremacy of the banana companies operating in the country. The growth of production of bananas in Honduras soon saw the industry constituting some 88% of Honduran exports at its all-time peak, centering the economic activity of the country almost entirely on the Atlantic coast region, with the economic center at the coastal city of San Pedro Sula rather than Tegucigalpa. 
The Honduran banana industry employed a significant Garifuna workforce from the Bay Islands off Trujillo and in 1901 the government gave concessions for them to use over 7,000 hectares for banana cultivation. However in practice it was impossible to protect all of this land for its given purpose and corruption saw a local military commander in Trujillo Colonel Gustavo Alvarez, squander 2,000 hectares of land allocated to the Garifuna and gave the land to the wealthy landowners. 
In 1964, Castle & Cooke bought out the Standard Fruit Company, and concentrated on the production of bananas and pineapples under the Dole label in Honduras. In September 1974, Hurricane Fifi devastated some 60% of Honduras' agricultural production, and many of the plantations had to be abandoned, seriously affecting the economy. In response, the redundant plantation workers formed the Las Isletas Peasants Enterprise, where they harvested the bananas independently and reaped the profits, producing one million boxes of bananas in 1976 and four million in 1977. Las Isletas attempted to sell the fruit directly through the Union of Banana Exporting Countries at one stage, resulting in the arrest 200 militant members of Las Isletas and a raid on the association's headquarters under pressure by the Standard Fruit Company who feared being outlawed by the process.
In the mid-1990s, the Honduran economy went into severe recession which hit the banana and coffee industries hard by sending world prices soaring.
Although the economy recovered significantly in 1996, the banana industry in Honduras was struck hard by the lasting impression of Hurricane Mitch in late 1998, a Category Five Hurricane which was considered the worst in 200 years, with winds reaching and inundating land with excessive precipitation drowning many of the crops. Hurricane Mitch is believed to have destroyed over 50%, possibly as high as 80% of the banana and coffee crops in 1998, costing an estimated $3 billion in damage. 
Since 2000 the industry recovered, although the country is still one of the poorest in Central America.
In 2003, the "News Scientist" reported that global banana production was under threat by disease and may be wiped out within ten years if preventative measures for not taken to protect against it. Scientists from the banana industry in Honduras responded to the potential crisis by implementing new large-scale breeding schemes in a new FHIA variety. This FHIA banana crop is resistant to major diseases and pests, but is also highly productive and efficient. The scheme in Honduras is financed by the multinational United Brands.

</doc>
<doc id="19106145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106145" title="2008 Qatar Telecom German Open">
2008 Qatar Telecom German Open

The 2008 Qatar Telecom German Open was a women's tennis event that was played from May 5 to May 11, 2008. It was one of two Tier I events that took place on red clay in the build-up to the second Grand Slam of the year, the French Open. It was played at the Rot-Weiss Tennis Club in the German capital of Berlin. The tournaments offered a total prize fund of US$1,300,000 across all rounds.
World number one Justine Henin, the three-time French Open defending champion, was the tournament's top seed. She was hoping to win this event for the fourth time after collecting titles here in 2002, 2003 and 2005. Defending champion Ana Ivanovic was Henin's biggest threat for the title as the number two seed, with Jelena Janković and Svetlana Kuznetsova rounding out the top four seeds. Fifth seed Serena Williams was also a big threat for the title; she had won her last three tournaments and is a former French Open champion. Russian pair Anna Chakvetadze and Elena Dementieva brought the field up to seven of the world's top ten players. Maria Sharapova and Daniela Hantuchová were also due to play the event but it was announced that both had pulled out on April 30.
Review.
The tournament was won by Dinara Safina, who started the tournament as the thirteenth seed. She enjoyed the best week of her career to win her first ever Tier I title. In the third round, she beat top seed Justine Henin in a match that turned out to be the last before she retired, her second victory over a world number one, and followed it up by stopping Serena Williams's 17-match winning streak. She defeated Elena Dementieva (who had defeated defending champion Ivanovic in the semi-finals) in the final, in the 14th all-Russian final on the WTA Tour, and the third of five in the 2008 season (Dementieva would go on to beat Safina in the final of the Olympics).
Ana Ivanovic was the only top six seed to reach the semifinals in a tournament littered with upsets. Henin and Williams lost the aforementioned matches to Safina, third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova lost to Alyona Bondarenko, Jelena Janković lost to Elena Dementieva and Anna Chakvetadze went down in her first match to Victoria Azarenka, who eventually made her first ever Tier I semifinal. Ivanovic, for her part, was defeated in the semi-finals by Elena Dementieva; the defeat dropped her to World No. 3 behind Henin and Maria Sharapova at the conclusion of the tournament.
World number ones Cara Black and Liezel Huber won the doubles title, beating the unseeded Spanish pairing Nuria Llagostera Vives and María José Martínez Sánchez, who had upset number two seeds Květa Peschke and Rennae Stubbs in a thrilling match tiebreak in the semifinals, which ended at 16–14.
Prize money & points.
Total prize money: $1,300,000

</doc>
<doc id="19106148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106148" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 200 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 200 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 200 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 47 participating athletes, with seven qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Friday 27 August 1999 at 19:45h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19106167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106167" title="Mohammed Al-Sharif">
Mohammed Al-Sharif

Mohammed Ali Al-Sharif (born on 15 March 1983) is a Libyan futsal goalkeeper.
Al-Sharif played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106175" title="Inn for Trouble">
Inn for Trouble

Inn for Trouble is a 1960 British comedy film - a movie spin-off of the 1950s sitcom The Larkins - starring Peggy Mount, David Kossoff and Leslie Phillips.
The Larkin family take over a run-down country public house, "The Earl of Osbourne", but their efforts to rejuvenate business are impeded by the long-standing tradition of free beer being distributed by the local Earl. The film is notable for the final credited appearance of Graham Moffatt in the role of Jumbo. He is best remembered as Albert, the fat boy in Gainsborough Studios famous Will Hay films of the late thirties. He left acting to become a pub landlord, dying of a heart attack in 1965 at the age of 45. (His final uncredited appearance was in "80,000 Suspects" in 1963.)

</doc>
<doc id="19106178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106178" title="Andrew Barton">
Andrew Barton

Andrew Barton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19106181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106181" title="Bishop of Kujawy">
Bishop of Kujawy

Bishops of Kujawy (later known as bishops of Włocławek) are the bishops of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kujawy (1133–1818), Roman Catholic Diocese of Kujawy–Kalisz (1818–1925) and Roman Catholic Diocese of Włocławek (from 1925).
Bishop of Kujawy (Kruszwica) (966–1156).
The following are the legendary bishops of Kruszwica mentioned by Jan Długosz. They are not believed to be historical persons:
Source.
Jan Fijałek: "Ustalenie chronologii biskupów włocławskich", Kraków 1894

</doc>
<doc id="19106182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106182" title="2007 German Open">
2007 German Open

2007 German Open can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19106207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106207" title="The Navy Lark (film)">
The Navy Lark (film)

The Navy Lark is a 1959 British comedy film based on the "The Navy Lark" radio series broadcast on the BBC Light Programme. It featured Cecil Parker, Ronald Shiner and Leslie Phillips, Gordon Jackson and Hattie Jacques. It was filmed mainly at West Bay, Bridport, Dorset. Only Phillips had appeared from the radio version - all other parts were recast. The film was produced at Walton-on-Thames.
Overview.
Captain Povey has built up a reputation for shutting down redundant naval bases and now has his eye on the minesweeping detachment on Boonzey island (55.5 miles from Portsmouth, a Channel Island). Arriving on inspection, he is told tales of finding many mines in the sea there and not believing them goes out on the Compton minesweeper. The crew were supposed to find "Bessy", a mine shaped object used to collect Lifeboat funds but found a real mine instead, which Pouter bashes about in an effort to take it apart. Released, it explodes nearby and this convinces Povey that the incompetents there are not up to the job and he decides on using a competent crew to do the job.
CPO Banyard uses his "Polson's Fulminator Mark III" trick (it does not exist) to delay their decommissioning and what started off as a thin folder goes around the military offices and comes back to Povey's office as a mountain of paper work. He sees through it and goes back to the island only to be told there has been an outbreak of "Yellow Fever" there. He is taken in and leaves but decides to return and the trick is revealed as life is back to normal there. Now more than ever he is determined to shut them all down.
Gaston Higgins, a Frenchman, owns the local bar and when he gets drunk he talks of revolution and kicking the British off of the island. They decide to use him and say they are under siege from revolutionaries. Povey knows this is another trick and officially gives them three days to leave the island, but his bosses and the government believe the story when they get reports from a reporter, Lt Binns, who was sent there to take photographs. Questions are asked by the British and French governments and Povey's career is on the line as he is told to sort this out as the British do not run from the French.
Povey goes to the island and a fake attack on Gaston and his men is launched but Povey finds out it was all a hoax. Ready to hand out court martials all round, Povey is confronted with a picture Binns took of him leading an all out attack on what is now known to be a hoax, which will be front page news across the world tomorrow. Stanton talks him into seeing sense and Povey, with his career in tatters if it gets out, tears up his report. He leaves and life goes back to normal on the island. On the way back to Portsmouth, their boat hits another real sea mine and Povey, Binns and the others are left to swim back to base.

</doc>
<doc id="19106208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106208" title="Jane Elliott (disambiguation)">
Jane Elliott (disambiguation)

Jane Elliott or Jane Elliot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19106221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106221" title="TypeCon2008 Buffalo">
TypeCon2008 Buffalo

TypeCon is an annual convention presented by the Society of Typographic Aficionados. The 10th iteration of this event, themed “Punkt” was held at the Hyatt Regency in Buffalo, New York between July 15–20, 2008. The conference offered workshops and lectures covering topics such as letterpress, typography, history, and print. The convention was sponsored by the Western New York Book Arts Collaborative, the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, and the University at Buffalo, as well as other local schools and non-profit organizations.
Presenters included Stefan Sagmeister and Erik Spiekermann.

</doc>
<doc id="19106223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106223" title="Yousef Mohammed">
Yousef Mohammed

Yousef Mohammed Ibrahim (born 3 December 1982) is a Libyan futsal player.
Mohamed played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106225" title="2nd/10th Dragoons">
2nd/10th Dragoons

The 2nd/10th Dragoons (short-form: 2/10 D) (in its last incarnation, the 57th Field Artillery Regiment Dragoons, Royal Canadian Artillery or 57 FD REGT RCA) was a militia regiment of the Canadian Army, based in the Niagara, Wentworth and Brant regions of southern Ontario. It was formed in 1936 by amalgamating the 2nd and 10th Dragoons, both of which had served previously as cavalry units in the Canadian militia. After World War II the regiment was converted into an anti-aircraft artillery unit. In 1962 the regiment was converted into a field howitzer unit and in 1968 amid a downsizing of the Canadian Armed Forces the regiment was reduced drastically before eventually being completely disbanded in the mid-1990s.
History.
2nd Dragoons.
In the years prior to the War of 1812, volunteer cavalry troops were founded to support the various infantry regiments formed as part of the "sedentary" militia (only to be called up in times of war) of Upper Canada (modern-day southern Ontario). On commencement of hostilities against the United States in 1812, Major-General Sir Isaac Brock organized several troops into an independent "corps" (equivalent to a modern armoured regiment) designated The Niagara Light Dragoons, which fought under Brock's command in the Niagara and Detroit campaigns. Due to it being a volunteer unit that would only have served one year, the Niagara Light Dragoons were disbanded in 1813, replaced by the Troop of Provincial Dragoons (sometimes also called The Niagara Frontier Guides or The Niagara Frontier Guards) under the command of William Hamilton Merritt, the man who later helped drive the creation of the Welland Canal. The Troop remained in action for the remainder of the war, distinguishing itself in the Stoney Creek and Lundy's Lane campaigns in 1813 and 1814. At war's termination, the Troop was disbanded.
In the wake of the War of 1812, volunteer cavalry units remained active throughout the British North American colonies, serving during the Rebellion of 1837 against the forces of William Lyon Mackenzie and in the Fenian Raids in the late 1860s. It was in the wake of the latter conflict that the leaders of the Canadian Militia decided to establish a regiment of cavalry that would support the infantry units in south-central Ontario. The 2nd Regiment of Cavalry was established on 1 May 1872 as a hussar regiment with eight troops of cavalry based as follows:
Regimental Headquarters was located at Oak Ridges during the early years of the Regiment's existence.
The Regiment was transformed to dragoon format in 1887, thus acquiring its last name before unification with the 10th Dragoons, the 2nd Dragoons. Two years later, 2 and 3 Troops were placed under the command of the Governor-General's Body Guard in Toronto. 7 Troop was also taken off-strength. 4 Troop shifted from Grimsby to Saint Ann's that same year. The remaining troops then were then made to take letter designations in lieu of numerical ones. Regimental Headquarters was shifted to Saint Catharines in 1892. Finally, near the turn of the century, the five troops were amalgamated into three squadrons, based in Saint Catharines (A Squadron, formed from 1 and 6 Troops), Saint Ann's (B Squadron, formed from 4 and 8 Troops) and Burford (C Squadron, formed from 5 Troop).
When the Boer War began in 1899, the Regiment provided a volunteer draft of 16 personnel (one officer and 15 other ranks) for service with the 1st Canadian Mounted Rifles. Two of these, the officer (Lieutenant J.E. Burch) and one of the men (Trooper A. Radcliffe) died during the conflict.
In 1909, C Squadron was detached from the Regiment to form the nucleus of the 25th Brant Dragoons ("see below"), being replaced by a new C Squadron in Hamilton and D Squadron in Welland. During the same year, the Regiment received its hat badge (a circlet marked 2nd DRAGOONS around the image of Brock's Monument in Queenston) and motto, "Pro Rege Et Imperio" (For King and Empire). The hat badge was also worn in miniature as "collar dogs" on the dress uniform jackets.
At the start of World War I, the Regiment's A and D Squadrons were tasked to help guard the Welland Canal, a duty it maintained until 1916. At the same time, the Regiment sent over a thousand volunteers to fight in various elements of the Canadian Corps, including the 4th, 75th and 84th Battalions of the Canadian Expeditionary Force, as well as the 4th and 8th Canadian Mounted Rifles. In 1916, the Regiment managed to help raised a complete battalion for the CEF, the 176th Battalion, which was dispatched to Europe and later disbanded to allow its members to reinforce the 3rd and 75th Battalions. The Regiment suffered many casualties throughout the conflict.
After the war, in 1921, the Regiment was reorganised into three squadrons: A Squadron (Saint Catharines), B Squadron (Hamilton) and C Squadron (Welland). Regimental Headquarters were also located in Welland. Until 1936, when the Regiment was amalgamated with the 10th Dragoons, the Regiment was only authorised for 100 officers and men, forcing many of its members to parade without pay during this period.
10th Dragoons.
In 1909, C Squadron of the 2nd Dragoons was removed from its parent regiment and redesignated as the heart of the 25th Brant Dragoons, with headquarters shifting to Brantford from Burford. While a squadron was maintained at Burford, new squadrons were formed at Brantford and Paris. A fourth squadron was later formed in Cainsville, but was later shifted to Brantford.
A regimental hat badge was also designed, composed of the head of a Native American warrior with full head dress over the scroll BRANT DRAGOONS and the number 25, that in all surmounting a bow and a quiver of arrows. The Regiment's motto was "Sagitari" (from the Latin "sagittarii", literally "The Bowmen").
During World War I, the Regiment was never tasked for home guard duties, thus freeing it to dispatch volunteers to fill out the ranks of the 4th, 75th, 84th, 125th and 215th of the CEF, as well as the 4th and 7th Canadian Mounted Rifles.
In 1921, the Regiment received its final pre-unification designation, 10th Brant Dragoons. With squadrons based in Brantford, Paris and Burford, it wore the same hat badge save for a change of number to 10 from 25.
2nd/10th Dragoons.
In 1936, as part of wide-sweeping changes in the Canadian Militia at that time, the 2nd Dragoons and the 10th Brant Dragoons were amalgamated into one single regiment, the 2nd/10th Dragoons. The Regiment's hat badge was a variation of the 10th's hat badge, with the scroll now marked SECOND - DRAGOONS - TENTH, while a variation of the 2nd's "collar dog" badges (with the inscription there now reading 2nd/10th DRAGOONS) was used as the collar badges of the new Regiment, thus allowing the Regiment to keep both "Sagitari" and "Pro Rege Et Imperio" as its official mottos. The new Regiment's squadrons were based at Saint Catharines, Hamilton and Brantford.
At the start of World War II, the Regiment was not mobilised for war service right away, thus forcing many of its personnel to seek out other units to serve overseas. Eventually, an Active Force regiment (an infantry battalion) was organised in 1942 as part of the 7th Canadian Infantry Division, serving in the Atlantic region of Canada. The Active unit was disbanded in late 1943 when the need to have home defence troops was seen as no-longer necessary. The Reserve regiment remained in place, ready for use when required, parading at nearly full strength for an armoured reconnaissance unit throughout the war period. As this went on, many personnel eventually transferred to the Active Force. Of special note, 151 of the Regiment eventually came to serve with the active battalion of The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry (Wentworth Regiment) and another 206 joined The Royal Canadian Dragoons for overseas service.
From cavalry to artillery.
In the wake of World War II, the Regiment was, along with other units, completely removed from the list of militia units of the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps and transformed into a light anti-aircraft unit of the Royal Canadian Artillery, taking on the new designation 57th Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment (2nd/10th Dragoons) RCA. Three brand-new batteries of the Artillery were founded to flesh out the new unit:
Regimental Headquarters was located in Welland.
The Regiment was tasked during these years in several roles, including supporting Canada's civilian response to the Cold War. The Regiment became the district headquarters for the Emergency Measures Organization (Civil Defence), which had its equipment garage at the Welland Airport west of the city in Pelham Township, as well as enough emergency food supplies to support 25,000 people. Also during this time, the Regiment trained relentlessly in its primary task on using the Bofors 40 millimetre anti-aircraft gun, usually at summer camps held at the Royal Canadian School of Artillery (Anti-Aircraft), located at Picton.
The final years.
In 1962, the Regiment found itself re-formed yet again into a field artillery regiment (as 57th Field Regiment Dragoons, RCA), its anti-aircraft guns being replaced by the 105 millimetre C1 Howitzer. Two years later, on the disbandment of the 44th Field Regiment RCA, one of its sub-units, 10th Field Battery, RCA (based in Saint Catharines), was transferred over and made part of the 57th Regiment's order of battle. This year also saw the disbandment of the 170th Battery and the shifting of Regimental Headquarters to Niagara Falls to reside alongside the 172nd Battery. Despite the changes, the Regiment's officers and men served with great distinction throughout this period, both on the field and in ceremonial parades, sometimes also held alongside the Lincoln and Welland Regiment. Among the latter was the granting of Freedom of the City to the Regiment by the city council of Niagara Falls.
In the wake of the unification of the Canadian Forces in 1968, a strong movement got underway to downsize, disband and concentrate units of the Army reserve to better save up on spending. The Regiment fell victim to this process, being reduced to nil strength in the winter of 1970 and transferred to the Supplementary Order of Battle. Only 10th Battery and F Troop of 172nd Battery survived the disbandment, both units being shifted as part of the 56th Field Regiment (Dufferin and Haldimand Rifles of Canada) RCA in Brantford (F Troop becoming part of the 69th Field Battery RCA, based in Simcoe). In 1980, F Troop was shifted to become part of the 10th Battery as B Troop, eventually being disbanded when the Niagara Falls Armoury closed in the mid-1990s.
Lineage of the 57th Field Artillery Regiment:

</doc>
<doc id="19106231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106231" title="2003 Copa AT&amp;T">
2003 Copa AT&amp;T

The 2003 Copa AT&T was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 17 through February 23, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19106232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106232" title="Doyle Glass">
Doyle Glass

Doyle Dudley Glass (born January 22, 1962) is an American historian and sculptor. He specializes in military monuments, having designed the Kentucky Medal of Honor Memorial and the Texas Medal of Honor Memorial.
Biography.
Glass was born and raised in Midland, Texas. A sixth generation Texan, his family dates back to the days of the Republic of Texas, with an ancestor who died at the Alamo, another who was a Texas Ranger in Sul Ross' command, a soldier who fought at Gettysburg, and a great-grandfather who was one of the first West Texas cattlemen.
After graduating from Midland High School in 1980, Glass attended Southern Methodist University in Dallas where he obtained a BA in history. In 1988, he graduated from Southern Methodist University Dedman School of Law with a Juris Doctor degree. In the early 1990s, Glass worked as an assistant district attorney in McLennan County, Texas and Bell County, Texas. In 1994, he moved to Kentucky and began work as a special prosecutor with the Kentucky Attorney General office.
Sculptor.
In 1999, Glass became a historian and sculptor, specializing in military monuments. He completed the Kentucky Medal of Honor Memorial in 2001, and the Texas Medal of Honor Memorial in 2008.
Historian.
As an historian, Glass wrote Lions of Medina, a first-hand account of the Marines of Charlie Company 1/1 during the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="19106242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106242" title="Abdul-Wahed Mohammed">
Abdul-Wahed Mohammed

Abdul-Wahed Mohammed (born on 30 July 1977) is a Libyan futsal player.
Mohammed played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106257" title="Steiner ellipse">
Steiner ellipse

In geometry, the Steiner ellipse, also called the Steiner circumellipse to distinguish it from the Steiner inellipse, is the unique ellipse that touches a given triangle at its vertices and whose center is the triangle's centroid. Named after Jakob Steiner, it is an example of a circumconic. By comparison the circumcircle of a triangle is another circumconic that touches the triangle at its vertices, but is not centered at the triangle's centroid unless the triangle is equilateral.
The area of the Steiner ellipse equals the area of the triangle times formula_1 and hence is 4 times the area of the Steiner inellipse. The Steiner ellipse has the least area of any ellipse circumscribed about the triangle.

</doc>
<doc id="19106261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106261" title="Stay My Baby">
Stay My Baby

"Stay My Baby" is a pop song written by Max Martin, Tommy Tysper and Savan Kotecha as the second single from Amy Diamond's third studio album "Music in Motion" (2007). Produced by Martin and Tysper, the song was written for Diamond by special request from her management and released November 21, 2007. It reached number 1 on the Swedish Singles Top 60 chart. The song instrumental was included on the re-release of the album: "Music in Motion/Gold Edition" (2008). 
Music video.
The music video was recorded in Stockholm city, Sweden, released on December 1, 2007.
Miranda Cosgrove version.
A cover version of the song by Miranda Cosgrove was released as the second single from the "iCarly" soundtrack. A music video was also filmed and was directed by Jesse Dylan. The single failed to reach charts
Background.
Cosgrove's musical career first began with her recording the theme song of the Nickelodeon television series "iCarly" called "Leave It All to Me," on which Cosgrove stars as the title character on the show. The song features her former "Drake and Josh" cast mate Drake Bell, and was written by Michael Corcoran, one of Bell's band members. Following the success of "iCarly", Columbia Records released a soundtrack album of the show on June 10, 2008. The soundtrack album included "Leave It All to Me", "Stay My Baby", "About You Now" and "Headphones On". 
Critical reception.
The "Teen Scoop" said "Stay My Baby" is the best song on the iCarly soundtrack. Pop Nation said Miranda Cosgrove was fun and was an attractive singer in the same way he called like the protagonist in iCarly, stating that the song is amazing.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Jesse Dylan. premiered on Nickelodeon. The music video features Nolan Gerard Funk. In the video, Cosgrove and her love interest write a song together, calls her band, and her friends and perform the song. At the end, Miranda walks off with her love interest.
Official Single Versions.
The original version was included in the iCarly soundtrack, About You Now (EP)

</doc>
<doc id="19106264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106264" title="The Gamma People">
The Gamma People

The Gamma People is a 1956 American and British science fiction film directed by John Gilling and starring Paul Douglas, Eva Bartok and Leslie Phillips.
Plot.
A passenger car carrying a reporter and his photographer mysteriously breaks away from their train, accidentally ending up on a side track in Gudavia, an isolated Ruritanian-style one-village Eastern Bloc dictatorship. The newsmen find a mad scientist using gamma rays to turn the country's youth into either geniuses or subhumans at the bidding of an equally mad dictator.

</doc>
<doc id="19106267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106267" title="Nagi El-Tomi">
Nagi El-Tomi

Nagi Abdalla El-Tomi (born 21 October 1977) is a Libyan futsal player.
He played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup in Brazil. El-Tomi made three appearances in the tournament, where Libya were eliminated in the group stage, against Uruguay, Spain, and Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19106273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106273" title="Patoleo">
Patoleo

Patoleo (also called Patoli) is a dish made in the western parts of India including Goa. It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric or banana leaves. Goan Hindus prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi. Salt free patolyos, are offered to Goddess Parvati, who the legends say had a strong craving for these sweets during pregnancy. Among Catholics this is made on the occasion of Our Lady of Assumption feast or on the day of "Sao Joao" (St. John) feast and "Konsachem fest" (harvest festival). Patolyos are sent with "vojem" (trousseau) to the groom’s house, both by the Catholics and Hindus.
Cooking Method.
Served with leaves on, in a dish. They are mainly eaten after removing the leaf, during afternoon tea time.

</doc>
<doc id="19106287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106287" title="Indian Banks' Association">
Indian Banks' Association

Indian Banks' Association (IBA), formed on 26 September 1946 as a representative body of management of banking in India operating in India - an association of Indian banks and financial institutions based in Mumbai. With an initial membership representing 22 banks in India in 1946, IBA currently represents 173 banking companies operating in India. IBA was formed for development, coordination and strengthening of Indian banking, and assist the member banks in various ways including implementation of new systems and adoption of standards among the members.
Indian Banks' Association is managed by a managing committee, and the current managing committee consists of one chairman, 3 deputy chairmen, 1 honorary secretary and 26 members. Current chairman is K R Kamath of Punjab National Bank[He has been working since 1/10/2012 after chairman Alok K Misra, CMD of Bank of India and re-elected for the financial year 2013-14]. Previous notable chairman include M. D. Mallya of Bank of Baroda, V. P. Shetty, M. V. Nair, Rashid Jilani and O P Bhatt.
Managing committee.
The banks which are members of the managing committee of the IBA include:

</doc>
<doc id="19106309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106309" title="Another World (EP)">
Another World (EP)

Another World is an EP by Antony and the Johnsons released on October 7, 2008 on compact disc and 12" vinyl. It precedes Antony and the Johnsons third album, "The Crying Light". The EP features five previously unreleased recordings, including the first single from "The Crying Light", "Another World". 
The cover is a photograph of Japanese butoh performer Kazuo Ohno, taken by Pierre-Olivier Deschamps in 1984.
Track history.
"Crackagen" is nearly nine years old; the earliest accessible recording of "Crackagen" is from 2003, in a video recording of Antony's performance at the Oni Gallery in Boston. That video is available on Antony and the Johnsons' official discography.
"Shake That Devil," previously known as "Shake That Dog," was performed often on Antony and the Johnsons' 2006-07 tour, with varying lyrics. The studio version features a downtempo intro to the song.
"Another World," "Sing For Me," and "Hope Mountain" are entirely new.

</doc>
<doc id="19106319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106319" title="Evangelical Lutheran Church in Sweden">
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Sweden

The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Sweden, "(Swedish, Evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Sverige)" is a confessional Lutheran denomination in Sweden. The church was founded in 1968 by the Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Martin, who had left the Church of Sweden in 1961. It is the oldest confessional Lutheran church in Sweden outside the Church of Sweden. Membership is around 30.

</doc>
<doc id="19106328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106328" title="Beyond the Curtain">
Beyond the Curtain

Beyond the Curtain is a 1960 British drama film written and directed by Compton Bennett and starring Richard Greene and Eva Bartok. 
Plot.
An East German refugee finds herself trapped back in her old home city of Dresden when a flight she is on is forced down while flying between Berlin and West Germany. She is used by the Stasi, who want her to help them locate her dissident brother.

</doc>
<doc id="19106342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106342" title="Daniel Anrig">
Daniel Anrig

Daniel Rudolf Anrig (born 10 July 1972) is the current Commandant of the Pontifical Swiss Guard since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 19 August 2008. He replaced Elmar Mäder who had served as Commandant of the Swiss Guard since 2002. He is the thirty fourth Commandant of the Pontifical Swiss Guard.
Biography.
Anrig was born in Walenstadt (Canton of St. Gallen), Switzerland. He is married and has four children. He graduated in civil and ecclesiastical law from the University of Fribourg in 1999. He was Assistant Professor of Civil Law at the same university from 1999 until 2001.
He was head of criminal police in the canton of Glarus, from 2002 to 2006 when he became Commanding General of the Police Body of the canton of Glarus.
Anrig holds the rank of a captain in the Swiss Army. He has said that he is open to allowing women in the Guard, something which his predecessors had always rejected.

</doc>
<doc id="19106345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106345" title="Wake Christian Academy">
Wake Christian Academy

Wake Christian Academy is a private kindergarten, middle, and high school campus located in Raleigh, North Carolina, off US Hwy. 401.
Wake Christian was founded by Frank and Evelyn Pierce in the 1966. Today, the school has more than 850 students. 
The current administrator is Mike Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="19106346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106346" title="Rabie El-Hoti">
Rabie El-Hoti

Rabie Abdel El-Hoti (born on 19 June 1985) is a Libyan futsal player.
Abdel played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106364" title="Feredeu River (Aiud)">
Feredeu River (Aiud)

The Feredeu River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19106379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106379" title="Matthew Kershaw">
Matthew Kershaw

Matthew Kershaw is a Gemini Award nominated television producer and film and television writer. He is the co-creator and producer of the award winning series "At the End of My Leash". At the End of My Leash is known in the United States as In the Dog House and airs on Animal Planet.

</doc>
<doc id="19106408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106408" title="Hamdi Eishwain">
Hamdi Eishwain

Hamdi Ismail Eishwain (born on 17 January 1984) is a Libyan futsal player.
Eishwain played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106409" title="They Can't Take Away Our Music">
They Can't Take Away Our Music

They Can't Take Away Our Music is a song performed by Eric Burdon & War featuring Sharone Scott & The Beautiful New Born Children in 1970. It was released as a single in 1970. This was their last single before they split in the same year. It charted #50 on the US charts and #35 on the Canadian chart.
It was covered a few times, but the most successful version was done by Donna Summer in 1994.
Like most of the other studio tracks recorded by Eric Burdon & War, the song was banned from YouTube in the early years.

</doc>
<doc id="19106411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106411" title="Robert Demachy">
Robert Demachy

Robert Demachy (1859–1936) was a prominent French Pictorial photographer of the late 19th and early 20th century. He is best known for his intensely manipulated prints that display a distinct painterly quality.
Life.
Early years (1859-1875).
Léon-Robert Demachy was born in the home of his grandmother in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, on the outskirts of Paris, on 7 July 1859. His parents, Charles Adolphe Demachy (1818–1888) and Zoé Girod de l’Ain (1827–1916), had two other sons, Charles Amédée (1852–1911) and Adrien Édouard (1854–1927), and a daughter, Germaine (1856-1940?). The elder Charles had started the highly successful financial enterprise of Banque Demachy, and by the time Demachy was born the family was very wealthy. He had no need to earn a living, and there is no record of his having ever been employed anywhere. He dropped the first part of his name in his childhood and was always known as “Robert”.
After his birth his family returned to their mansion at 13 Rue François Premier in Paris, where Demachy continued to live for the next fifty years. His early years were quite idyllic, and each year his family would spend several months at their summer villa near Villers-sur-Mer in Normandy. The rest of the year he was educated in Jesuit schools in Paris, and he became fluent in English by the time he was a teenager. His education also included extensive musical lessons, and he became an accomplished violin player.
About 1870, Demachy, his mother and his siblings left Paris for Brussels due to the increasing dangers of the Franco-Prussian War. His father stayed in Paris as part of the Commune and the Banque Demachy played an important role in financing the resistance efforts.
When he turned eighteen Demachy briefly served a year as an army volunteer, but he soon returned to his life of comfort. In the mid-1870s he began frequenting the artists’ cafés and, perhaps in rebellion to his gentrified life, he became involved in the growing bohemian culture that was beginning to take hold in Paris. He began making sketches of café patrons and people on the street, a practice he continued throughout his life.
Seminal years (1876-1899).
Sometime in the late 1870s he began experimenting with photography. It’s not known what or who influenced him to become involved, but he could devote as much time and money to this endeavor as he wanted and he quickly became highly proficient with a camera. For the next thirty years he devoted all of his time to both taking photographs and writing extensively about photography.
In 1882 Demachy was elected to the Société française de photographie, where he interacted with some of the leading photographers in Europe. Within a few years he became frustrated with the conservative views of many of the photographers around him, and in 1888 he joined with Maurice Bucquet to form the new Photo-Club de Paris. The members of the Photo-Club advocated the aesthetics of Pictorialist photography, and soon the Photo-Club was playing a similar role in France as that of the Photo-Secession in the U.S.
In 1889, while visiting the Exposition Universelle in Paris, he met a young woman from Detroit, Michigan, named Julia Adelia Delano. Adelia, as she was called, was a member of the important Delano family in America and a distant relative of future American President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Little is known about their courtship, but on 2 May 1893 Robert and Adelia were married in Paris. They lived in the family mansion on Rue François Premier. Their first son, Robert-Charles, was born in 1894, followed by son Jacques François in 1898. Jacques later became a very well known fashion illustrator
About 1890 Demachy became one of the first Frenchmen to own an automobile, a Panhard. He owned four of these vehicles throughout his life, keeping the same model until it was old enough to become a classic car.
In 1894 he began to use the gum bichromate printing process recently introduced by A. Rouillé-Ladevèze at the Paris Salon. He developed a style that relied upon heavy manipulation of the image both during the development of the negative and again while printing. As he experimented with the process he wrote about his findings and about the aesthetics of the gum print, helping to popularize it among French photographers. Later that year he, along with Constant Puyo, Le Begue and Bucquet, helped organize the first Paris Salon founded on the artistic principles of the Photo-Club de Paris.
In 1895 he had his first exhibition of gum prints at the Photo-Club de Paris. This helped to promote his increasingly international status, and later that same year he was elected to The Linked Ring in London.
In 1897 he published his first book, with co-author Alfred Maskell, "Photo-aquatint or Gum Bichromate Process" (London: Hazell, Watson & Vinery)
In 1898 he began corresponding with Stieglitz, often complaining about the lack of true artistic photography in France. The two would continue writing each other for more than fifteen years.
Master photographer (1900-1913).
During the first decade of the 20th century Demachy continued his extensive writing about photography, and he soon became one of the prolific writers about photography even to this day. Over his lifetime he wrote more than one thousand articles on the aesthetics and techniques of manipulated prints.
During this same period Demachy had five exhibitions at the Royal Photographic Society in London:
At this time a one-man show was a great honor for any photographer, and to have five within a single decade was unprecedented. The critic A.J. Anderson wrote “of a truth, Robert Demachy is not a man, he is a miracle.”
Each of these shows marked a new high point in his career, and at each he gave an opening address to the membership of the Society. He greatly enjoyed talking about both the technical and aesthetic aspects of his work, and he took advantage of every opportunity to engage other photographers in serious discussions the progress of photography as an art form.
In 1904 six of his photographs, three photogravures and three half-tones were published in Alfred Stieglitz’s famous journal "Camera Work", accompanied by a review by Joseph Keiley. These images were seen by American photographer Anne Brigman, who wrote to Stieglitz that they had a serious influence on her own work.
This same year he began experimenting with the Rawlins oil process, a relatively new printing method that allowed extensive reworking of the image. This change allowed him to further blend the aesthetics of a painter with those of a photographer. In his many writings Demachy took great care to point out that just knowing how to use the technique of image manipulation was not enough to automatically make a photograph a work of art. A true artistic photographer, he said, must know "where to put the accents, where to reduce detail and where to subdue or emphasize form, rather than how to do it." 
In 1905 Demachy was elected to the Royal Photographic Society. At the invitation of the Society, he and Puyo selected the French entries for the London Photographic Salon that year, and he included more than twenty of his own images in the show.
About 1906 he abandoned gum-bichromate printing altogether in favor of oil printing. With Puyo he wrote and published "Procédés d’art en photographie" (Paris: Photo-Club de Paris).
He continued to explore further ways to manipulate his images, and by 1911 he had perfected the modern bromoil process. This allowed him to become even bolder in his visual style, and soon his works attracted a broad international audience. Over the next two years he exhibited in Paris, Vienna and New York, as well as London.
By 1907 Demachy was so absorbed in his photography that he had a separate studio and living quarters for himself in the upper floor of the family mansion. His wife Adelia had her own quarters on the ground floor, and their children were looked after by an Irish nanny. This situation led to increasing resentment by Adelia, since she was surrounded by Demachy’s mother, her in-laws and her children in their mansion yet she rarely saw her husband because of his preoccupation with photography.
In addition, Adelia thoroughly enjoyed the aristocratic culture surrounding the Demachy family. There were many opportunities to attend elegant parties and events, but for the most part Robert detested them. He preferred the company of bohemian painters or the enjoyment of the simple countryside, and he was not comfortable in higher class social circles. Adelia became more and more isolated, and in 1909 she asked for and was granted a divorce. After the divorce, which was considered scandalous at that time, she moved to her own apartment and remarried two years later. It is reported that Demachy never spoke an unkind word about her either while they were married or after their divorce.
Late life (1914-1936).
Without notice or explanation, Demachy suddenly gave up taking photographs in early 1914. He never again touched a camera, even refusing to take snapshots of his grandchildren. No one was ever able to extract any reason from him for this sudden change, and it remains a mystery to this day. The timing of his decision coincides with the beginning of World War I in Europe, but there is no indication that he was adversely affected by these events. He continued to make sketches, and at one point he reported that he was amused that he had been questioned as a possible spy when he was drawing pictures near Le Havre. He also exhibited some photographs after 1914 and occasionally wrote brief articles.
When his mother died in 1916, Demachy finally sold the mansion and moved into an apartment at 12 Cité Malesherbes in the old artists’ quarter of Montmartre. He also bought a small farm near Hennequeville, near Trouville. He was looked after at both homes by a married butler and housekeeper pair. His only other companions were several Alsatian dogs.
Eventually he moved completely to the farm, where he enjoyed the simple life he preferred. His only artistic endeavor for the rest of his life was driving his classic car to the beach where he made sketches of heavy-set women swimmers in the water.
Demachy died of arteriole sclerosis in Hennequeville, Normandy, on 29 December 1936. He was buried two days later in the family tomb at Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris.
Just before his death he destroyed most of his sketches and gave any remaining photographs to the Royal Photographic Society and the Photo-Club de Paris.
The Banque Demachy still exists today but is no longer connected to the original family. The family mansion at 13 Rue François Premier was for many years the Paris headquarters of Christian Dior.
Additional reading.
"Robert Demachy, Photographe", Paris: Contrejour, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19106417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106417" title="Mohammed Shahout">
Mohammed Shahout

Mohammed Shahout (born on 2 May 1982) is a Libyan futsal player.
Shahout played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106422" title="Mohammed Rahoma">
Mohammed Rahoma

Mohammed Rahoma Ahmed (born on 5 May 1984) is a Libyan futsal player
Rahoma played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106432" title="Mario Ramírez">
Mario Ramírez

Mario Ramírez Torres was a Puerto Rican shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played six seasons from through , all coming off the bench. Known mainly for his defensive prowess, Ramírez had a career batting average of .192.
Ramírez was signed as an amateur free agent by the New York Mets in . He played five seasons in their minor league system, getting his first shot at the majors in April 1980. He played 18 games in two different stints in New York, going 5-for-24. He was left off the Mets' major league roster that winter, and was selected by the San Diego Padres in the Rule 5 Draft.
After two brief major league appearances in and , Ramírez spent and as the Padres' primary reserve at shortstop, often coming in as a defensive replacement for Garry Templeton. He was released during spring training in , ending his major league career. 
He later played for the Leones de Yucatán of the Mexican League during the season.
Ramírez died in 2013 in his homeland of Yauco, Puerto Rico at the age of 55, following a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19106436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106436" title="WREL (technology)">
WREL (technology)

"For the Lexington, Virginia radio station, see WREL."
WREL (Wireless Resonant Energy Link) is a form of wireless resonant energy transfer technology developed by Intel.
The technology relies on strongly coupled electromagnetic resonators, a principle similar to the way a trained singer can shatter a glass using his/her voice. At the receiving resonator's natural frequency, energy is absorbed efficiently, just as a glass absorbs acoustic energy at its natural frequency. At the wall socket, power is put into magnetic fields at a transmitting resonator - basically an antenna. The receiving resonator is tuned to efficiently absorb energy from the magnetic field, whereas nearby objects do not. 
Benefits.
With this technology enabled in a laptop, for example, batteries could be recharged when the laptop gets within several feet of the transmit resonator.
History.
Resonant magnetic power transfer was pioneered by Nikola Tesla. Some of his later Tesla coils use a loosely coupled resonant magnetic power system. The lower coil was energised, and this transferred power via magnetic resonance to the resonant top coil where the high voltage was generated. This was predominantly done to avoid arcing and permit higher voltages.
For power supply for more everyday uses the technology is based on principles of WiTricity proposed by Marin Soljacic, a physicist at MIT.
Intel chief technology officer Justin Rattner demonstrated powering a light bulb without the use of a plug or wire of any kind as he spoke at the California firm's annual developers forum in San Francisco 2008-08-21. Electricity was sent wirelessly to a lamp on stage, lighting a 60 watt light bulb that uses more power than a typical laptop computer.
Principles.
In a resonating system, the quality of the resonance is determined by its Q factor; 2 Pi times the ratio of the energy in the resonant circuit divided by its loss per cycle.
When two non resonating coils are placed some distance apart, some fraction of the magnetic field from one coil couples into the second, and so changes in the magnetic field of one coil generates a voltage at the other (in accordance with Faraday's law of induction), however little of the energy will couple because most of the field will miss the receiver. The fraction of the field that does couple is called the coupling coefficient.
However, it may be seen that if some energy is placed in a 'sender' coil when it is in resonance then the coil will ring for a number of cycles before losing the energy to its resistance. Provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is high enough to overcome the coupling coefficient, then most of the power can eventually be absorbed by the receiving coil over several cycles and can be tapped off. The remaining power will be lost in the resistance of the sender, and some in the receiver coil also.

</doc>
<doc id="19106439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106439" title="Nabil Omran">
Nabil Omran

Nabil Omran Abdul-Rahim (born on 31 January 1981) is a Libyan futsal player.
Omran played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19106442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106442" title="Trunk Line Bridge No. 1">
Trunk Line Bridge No. 1

Trunk Line Bridge No. 1, also known as Peshekee River Bridge, is a bridge adjacent to US Highway 41/M-28 (US 41/M-28). It was the first of many trunkline bridges designed by the Michigan State Highway Department. It was built in 1914, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Description.
Trunk Line Bridge No. 1 is a multiple-span concrete bridge which is located east of Michigamme. The bridge used to carry US 41/M-28 across the Pesheskee River near the river's mouth at Lake Michigamme. It is located between a Soo Line Railroad (ex-Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railway) bridge to the south and the modern replacement bridge to the north.
The bridge is in length, composed of six concrete through girders. This carries a concrete deck and full-height abutments over solid concrete piers with bullnosed cutwaters. In total, it used some of concrete in the design. The girder walls feature rectangular recessed panels capped by concrete copings.
History.
Today, drivers cannot use the Peshekee River Bridge south of US 41/M-28 in western Marquette County's Michigamme Township, although access can be had on foot from the eastern side. The bridge is under the supervision of the Michigan State Parks with the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) and is part of the Van Riper State Park. The bridge was built in 1914 in response to the 1913 State Trunk Line Act passed by the Michigan Legislature. This act created the State Trunkline Highway System comprising nearly . The act further said that the Michigan State Highway Department would design, build and maintain trunkline bridges spanning or more so long as the local governments improved an adjacent of roads. Marquette County built a mainline road from Marquette west to Michigamme near the county line, including an improved section in 1913 to encourage the state to build the bridge. The bridge was designed by C.V. Dewart for the department and built by the local firm of Powell and Mitchell in Marquette. The Peshekee River Bridge would later be incorporated into the routing of US 41 in the 1920s.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 as "Trunk Line Bridge No. 1" for its engineering and architectural significance. MDOT has listed it as "one of Michigan's most important vehicular bridges." It was the first bridge designed by the Michigan State Highway Department, the forerunner to MDOT, in 1914. The original bridge was abandoned as a roadway when a second crossing was built. The second crossing was bypassed and demolished during the construction of the current highway bridge over the Peshekee River on US 41/M-28 in late 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19106454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106454" title="Andrzej Jakimowski">
Andrzej Jakimowski

Andrzej Jakimowski (born August 17, 1963 in Warsaw) is a Polish film director, writer and producer, best known for directing the films "Squint Your Eyes ()" and "Tricks ()".
Film career.
"Squint Your Eyes".
"Squint Your Eyes" is Andrzej Jakimowski's 2002 drama about a ten-year-old girl named Mala. Mala runs away from the affluence of her parents home to the abandoned farm of her former teacher, Jaciek. With her parents and Jaciek both attempting to persuade Mala to return home, the story undergoes a few twists and turns, providing a fascinating meditation on the wiles of youth, and the adult reaction to them.
"Tricks".
"Tricks" is a 2007 drama written, directed and produced by Andrzej Jakimowski. It tells the tale of Stefek, 6 years old, who believes that the chain of events he sets in motion will help him get closer to his father who abandoned his mother.
"Imagine".
In 2012, he directed the film "Imagine".

</doc>
<doc id="19106485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106485" title="Inna Frolova">
Inna Frolova

Inna Frolova (; born June 3, 1965) is a retired rower from Ukraine, who twice won an Olympic medal during her career. She is a three-time Olympian.
After having won the silver medal for the Soviet Union in the Women's Quadruple Sculls at the 1988 Summer Olympics Frolova repeated that feat, rowing for the Ukraine at the 1996 Summer Olympics. In Atlanta, Georgia her team mates were Olena Ronzhyna, Svetlana Maziy, and Dina Myftakhutdinova.

</doc>
<doc id="19106491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106491" title="2004 ATP Buenos Aires">
2004 ATP Buenos Aires

The 2004 ATP Buenos Aires was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 16 through February 22, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19106496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106496" title="Unison (Shin Terai album)">
Unison (Shin Terai album)

Unison is the first album of Japanese composer Shin Terai, released in 2001. The album features contributions of bassist and producer Bill Laswell, avant-garde guitarists Buckethead (who would join Guns N' Roses soon after the recording sessions) and Nicky Skopelitis, and Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album met very good reviews from critics mainly because of the soft guitars and the funky bass.

</doc>
<doc id="19106511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106511" title="USS Protector (AGR-11)">
USS Protector (AGR-11)

USS "Protector" (AGR-11/YAGR-11) was a "Guardian"-class radar picket ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1957 from the “mothballed” reserve fleet. She was reconfigured as a radar picket ship and assigned to radar picket duty in the North Atlantic Ocean as part of the Distant Early Warning Line.
Liberty ship built in Florida.
The third ship to be so named by the Navy, "Protector" (YAGR–11) wag laid down by J. A. Jones Construction Co., Wainwright Yards, Panama City, Florida, as Liberty ship "SS Warren P. Marks" (MCE hull 2346) 31 January 1945 ; launched 15 March 1945; sponsored by Mrs. E. M. Hinson; and placed in service 29 March 1945.
Conversion to radar picket.
Operated by the Shepard Steamship Co. from 1945 to 1957, "Warren P. Marks" was converted at the Charleston Naval Shipyard, and commissioned "Protector" (YAGR–11) 20 February 1957, Lt. Comdr. Glen G. Heller in command. 
Radar picket duty.
After shakedown off Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, "Protector", homeported at Newport, Rhode Island, reported to Commandant, 1st Naval District for administrative control and to Commander YAGR Division 21 for duty and was assigned as an "Ocean Station Radar Picket Ship" in the seaward extension of the Eastern Continental Air Defense Command Contiguous Radar Coverage System.
Continuing her duties off the U.S. East Coast, "Protector" was redesignated an "AGR" on 28 October 1958. She continued her radar picket duty until 1965. During the Cuban invasion in the spring of 1962 and the Cuban Missile Crisis in the fall, "Protector" operated in the Florida Straits and established a new radar picket station.
On 10 February 1965, "Protector" terminated picket duty as the last picket ship to man Radar Picket Station No. 15 of NORAD Contiguous Radar Coverage System. 
Decommissioning.
On 28 July 1965 she decommissioned at Bayonne, New Jersey, and was placed in the U.S. Maritime Administration Reserve Fleet, Hudson River, New York, as an "Emergency Relocation Center Ship", where she remained until she was towed to the Norfolk Naval Shipyard where her engine was removed. She was then placed for sale as scrap, with scrapping completed 30 November 2005.
Honors and awards.
Protector personnel qualified for the following medals:

</doc>
<doc id="19106535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106535" title="Svitlana Maziy">
Svitlana Maziy

Svitlana Maziy (; born January 30, 1968 in Kiev) is a retired rower from Ukraine, who twice won an Olympic medal during her career. She is a four-time Olympian.
After having won the silver medal for the Soviet Union in the Women's Quadruple Sculls at the 1988 Summer Olympics Frolova repeated that feat, rowing for independent Ukraine at the 1996 Summer Olympics. In Atlanta, Georgia her team mates were Olena Ronzhyna, Inna Frolova, and Dina Myftakhutdinova.

</doc>
<doc id="19106536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106536" title="Matfre Ermengau">
Matfre Ermengau

Matfre Ermengau(d) (died 1322) was a Franciscan friar, legist, and troubadour from Béziers. He had a master of laws ("senhor de leis") degree. 
He wrote one "canso", whose melody survives, and one moralising "sirventes". His most famous work was an Occitan grammar in 35,600 octosyllables called the "Breviari d'amor", begun in 1288. Encyclopedic in length and diversity, its sole purpose is the reconciliation of love for God with the erotic amours of the troubadour lyric. It is divided into parts and is structured like a "tree of love". The "Breviari" is preserved in twelve full codices and as many fragments. It was translated into Castilian and the Limousin dialect (once thought to be Catalan or "catalanisant" Occitan). Matfre also says that he would have written better in Latin (from which he borrowed the word "breviari", from "breviarium", not found elsewhere in medieval Occitan). 
The work begins with popular theology, a section entitled "The Study of God and the Creation". From the Trinity it moves to angels, demons, then the zodiac and the planets. Then in a section entitled "The Study of Nature" ("Natural Law") he discusses the proper modes of worship, then the temptations that affect Christians and the sins they must avoid. Exempla are drawn from daily life. Finally, in "The Love of God", he summarises the Christian creeds, the life of Christ, and several hagiographies. 
The last section (8,000 lines) of the work, "Perilhos tractatz d'amor de donas, seguon qu'en han tractat li antic trobador en lurs cansos", structured as a dialogue between the defenders Love and her critics, is filled with citations (266 by some counts) of other troubadours and even some trouvères; Matfre cited himself six (Jeanroy) or nine (Paden) times and cited his brother Peire twice. He was careful to cite poets from different eras, but his favourites appear to be Aimeric de Peguilhan, Bernart de Ventadorn, and Peire Vidal of the "classical era". The title of "Perilhos" indicates that the "antic" (old) troubadours were authorities on poetic and amatory matters. He even quotes in support of this Raimon Jordan using the word "antic" of his predecessors. Matfre's knowledge of the early troubadours came largely through reading and he indicates that the early troubadours "sung" about love, not that they wrote about it, as did Matfre and his contemporaries. After the "Perilhos", Matfre includes a letter ("epistola") to his sister, written in decasyllabic rhyming couplets: "Fraires Matfre a sa cara seror". In it he explains the symbolism of a Christmas capon. 
Matfre has been credited, along with Ferrari da Ferrara, for pioneering the anthologising of the troubadours. Matfre is partly responsible for the later treatment of single "coblas" as distinct units, because he regularly quoted one "cobla" from a troubadour and treated it as a single thought. Matfre had become quite famous by the time Peire de Ladils lumped him together with the heroes of Arthurian romance (c.1340). 

</doc>
<doc id="19106559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106559" title="1995 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1995 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Results from the 1995 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on April 9, 1995, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.The race was the third race for the 1995 Buenos Aires Grand Prix of Formula Three Sudamericana.

</doc>
<doc id="19106560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106560" title="Victoria Hall, Sheffield">
Victoria Hall, Sheffield

Victoria Hall is a Methodist place of worship situated on Norfolk Street in Sheffield city centre. It is the most important Methodist building in Sheffield and it is a Grade II listed building. It is a large many roomed building which stands between the side streets of Chapel Walk and George Street. Although the main entrance to the church is on Norfolk Street, there is a separate administration entrance on Chapel Walk.
History.
Original chapel.
The present day Victoria Hall stands on the site of the previous Norfolk Street Wesleyan Chapel opened and consecrated in 1780 by John Wesley, who described it as “One of the largest in the Kingdom” and presented the new building with a set of silver communion vessels. Despite substantial renovation and the introduction of new vestries in 1875 at a cost of £6,000, the building was demolished in 1906 to make way for a more distinguished and larger structure. The old building was closed for the last time on 13 May 1906.
New hall built.
On 26 September 1906 the foundation stone for the new Victoria Hall was laid followed by a celebratory lunch at the Cutlers Hall. The Hall was opened on Thursday 24 September 1908 with the final cost being in excess of £40,000, a huge sum at the time, but the Wesleyan mission cleared the debt within three years. The total expenditure included the outlay for extra land, with Sheffield entrepreneur Thomas Cole donating land for an enlarged site for the new church . The new Hall was originally designed by Waddington Son & Dunkerley but much of the design was re-worked by William John Hale (1862-1929) in 1908. Hale blended Gothic and Arts and Crafts styles and was instrumental in designing the large Baroque top to the tower. The carved decorations on the hall are by Alfred and William Tory and portrayals of the Wesley brothers are integrated into the design.
The new hall was part of the Forward Movement of the Methodist church inspired by Hugh Price Hughes who called for a national religion which preached to the poor and resulted in the building of Central Halls in most of Britain’s large cities. One of the Hall’s first accomplishments was to set up the Sheffield Mission Labour Yard in Joiner Lane off The Wicker. This tackled the high level of unemployment of the time and by June 1909 had provided 5,903 days work to almost 6,000 men. The yard closed in 1915 as the First World War reduced unemployment to virtually nil. The Hall has always had strong connections with Trade Unionism and in September 1909 the Trade Union Congress held its annual conference at the hall, since then various unions have held meetings there. In the Hall’s early days the surrounding area was densely populated and thousands of young people attended Sunday School, Scouting, Girl Guides and Boys Brigade.
Wartime.
During the First World War the Hall opened its doors to care for the members of the armed forces and after the end of the conflict the Hall received a visit from King George V and Queen Mary during their visit to Sheffield in 1919. The king presented medals to the returning soldiers from the platform in the sanctuary. During the years of the Great Depression the Hall served free breakfasts to needy children and distributed food parcels as well helping the unemployed. Prior to the completion of the Sheffield City Hall in 1932, the Victoria Hall was the leading concert venue in the city with many leading orchestras playing concerts there. In the Second World War the hall survived the Sheffield Blitz air raids of December 1940, with The Messiah being sung to an audience of over 200 people on the Sunday after the raids. On 9 May 1941 part of Victoria Hall was converted into a rest hostel for the Forces with 20 beds, this was later expanded to 35 beds.
Present day.
Today the hall stands in an important position in the city centre, across from Tudor Square and close to the Crucible and Lyceum theatres. As well as a place of worship, the Hall is used by various voluntary organisations including meals for the homeless. It is a popular venue for classical music concerts and the function room is available for hire by the general public. There is a coffee morning between 10.00 am and 12.00 Monday to Saturday.

</doc>
<doc id="19106564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106564" title="Dariusz Brzozowski">
Dariusz Brzozowski

Dariusz "Daray" Brzozowski (born 30 January 1980 in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki), is a Polish heavy metal drummer. Brzozowski has played with such bands as Vader, Black River, Sunwheel, Arysta, Azarath, Faust, Neolithic, Crionics, Autumn: Death, Imperial Age, Kayzen, Crystal Abyss, Nerve, Insidious Disease and Pyorrhoea. He currently plays in Dimmu Borgir, Vesania, Symbolical, Hunter, and Masachist.
He is endorsed by Meinl, Tama, Czarcie Kopyto and Regal Tip. Previously was endorsed by Pearl, Premier, Yamaha, Vic Firth, and Balbex.

</doc>
<doc id="19106584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106584" title="2008 NASCAR Camping World East Series">
2008 NASCAR Camping World East Series

The 2008 NASCAR Camping World East Series began on April 19, 2008, at Greenville-Pickens Speedway with An American Revolution 150. The regular season concluded on October 12, 2008, at Stafford Motor Speedway. NASCAR's 4th-tier series will be known as the NASCAR Camping World Series beginning with the 2008 season, ending the 21 year sponsorship by Anheuser-Busch's Busch Beer.
Television.
The 2008 TV schedule will follow a similar format to the 2007 season. Almost all of the events will have TV coverage in one form or another. The first part of the season will be broadcast on the Speed Channel. These races will be taped and broadcast at a later date. HDNet has signed on to broadcast the final seven races on Live TV. Divisions. The U.S. Cellular 200 race at Iowa Speedway will be shown live on HDNet due to the fact that it is a combination race with the Camping World West Series and it is part of the West Series' TV schedule. The Toyota All-Star Showdown, moved to January, is part of the 2008 season per NASCAR rules, and airs live on Speed.
2008 Series races.
An American Revolution 150 Presented by Kevin Whitaker Chevrolet.
The "An American Revolution 150 Presented by Kevin Whitaker Chevrolet" was held at Greenville-Pickens Speedway on April 19. Peyton Sellers won the pole for the event and then went on to take the checkered flag in first position. During post race inspection an illegal shock absorber was found on Peyton's car and he was disqualified and was credited with a last place finish in the race and everyone else in the field moved ahead one finishing position. Austin Dillon crossed the line behind Peyton and was subsequently declared the winner. This was Austin's first win in his first race in the series.
Did not Qualify: (9) Todd Peck (#50), Jason Cochran (#72), Richard Gould (#58), A J Henriksen (#17), Daniel Pope, II (#10), Johnny Petrozelle (#33), James Pritchard (#41), Ian Henderson (#93), Joe Oliver (#08).
U.S. Cellular 200.
The U.S. Cellular 200 took place on May 18. This marks the second year that the East and West series have met in Iowa for a points race. Nextel Cup driver Kasey Kahne was on hand to take part in the event and marks the second time in a row that the winner of the previous night's "Nextel All-Star Race" was on hand for this event. Austin Dillon captured his first pole award, and Brian Ickler captured his first win in the series.
Did not Qualify: (10) Michael Faulk (#36), Max Dumarey (#76), John Salemi (#63), Derek Thorn (#80), Jody Lavender (#89), Dustin Delaney (#39), Ryan Duff (#7), Richard Johns (#59), Lloyd Mack (#33), Ryan Preece (#28)
NOTE: "On May 20, NASCAR announced that the No. 18 car of Marc Davis was found to be in violation of Sections 12-4-A (actions detrimental to stock car racing); 12-4-Q (car, car parts, components and/or equipment used do not conform to NASCAR rules); 20C-8.4C (lubrication oil reservoir tank cover was not in place on the top of the lubrication oil reservoir tank encasement) and 20C-2.1O (any device or duct work that permits air to pass from one area of the interior of the car to another, or to the outside of the car, will not be permitted. This includes, but is not limited to, the inside of the car to the trunk area, or the floors, firewalls, crush panels and wheel wells passing air into or out of the car) of the 2008 NASCAR rule book. The violations was discovered during post race inspection on May 18."
Strutmasters.com 150.
The Strutmasters.com 150 was run on May 31 at South Boston Speedway. Ricky Carmichael took his first pole award and Brian Ickler went on to lead a dominant 149 laps of the Strutmasters.com 150. He then held off bids from runner-up Austin Dillon of Lewisville, North Carolina, and third-place Peyton Sellers of Danville, Virginia, through a late race caution that extended the event to 155 laps. This win was his second of the season, and his second in a row.
Did not Qualify: (9) Todd Peck (#50), Jason Cochran (#72), Richard Gould (#58), A J Henriksen (#17), Daniel Pope, II (#10), Johnny Petrozelle (#33), James Pritchard (#41), Ian Henderson (#93), Joe Oliver (#08).
NOTE: "This was Eddie MacDonald's 100th career start."
NASCAR Camping World Series 125 At The Glen.
The NASCAR Camping World Series 125 At The Glen was run on June 8. This marked the return of the series to the historic Watkins Glen International track for the first time since 2004. Antonio Perez took the pole award and Matt Kobyluck went on to win the race. A green-white-checkered finish necessitated by a late-race blown engine and stretched the race from its scheduled 51 laps to 55. Marc Davis (No. 18 Slim Jim Toyota) led a total of 32 laps of the event and led the field to its final restart.
Did not Qualify: (2) James Buescher (#31), Larry Moloney (#89)
NOTE: "The race was red flagged just past half-way due to rain. The red flag lasted for approximately 90 minutes"
Heluva Good! Summer 125.
The Heluva Good! Summer 125 was run on June 27 at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway. This race is the first of three this season that will be run in conjunction with the NASCAR Nextel Cup series. Qualifying was rained out and the field was set by the rulebook. This put points leader Austin Dillon on the pole. Matt Kobyluck went on to lead a race high 47 laps, but it was Eddie MacDonald taking the win after he managed to jump into the lead over Trevor Bayne on the final restart on lap 122.
Did Not Qualify: None
NOTE: "This was Eddie MacDonald's first win at New Hampshire Motor Speedway in 16 career NASCAR Camping World Series East starts at the track."
Pepsi Full Fender Frenzy 100.
The Pepsi Full Fender Frenzy 100 was run on July 12 at the Thompson International Speedway. Jesus Hernandez seemed to have the car to beat as he led three times for a race high of 50 laps, but it was Trevor Bayne who took both the pole and the win for the event. This was Bayne's first pole award and his first win in the series in only his sixth start.
Did Not Qualify: (1) Guy Pavageau (#05)
Strutmasters.com 150 Presented by Dollar General.
The Strutmasters.com 150 Presented by Dollar General was run on July 19 at the Music City Motorplex. Sterling Marlin was on hand to compete in this event. Peyton Sellers captured another pole award and led a race-high 74 laps. In the end it was Matt Kobyluck who crossed the start–finish line first to capture his second win of the season.
Did not Qualify: None
The Edge Hotel 150.
"The Edge Hotel 150" was run on July 26 at Adirondack Motor Speedway in Lowville (New Bremen), New York. Bryon Chew captured his first pole award of the season and went on to finish eleventh, while Matt Kobyluck, who led for only three laps, went on to take the win for his third of the season and second in a row. This was also Kobyluck's third win at this track in only six visits.
Did not Qualify: None
NOTE: "NASCAR announced on July 29 that the #3 car of Austin Dillon was being penalized due to a rules violations discovered during post-race inspection. The car was found to be in violation of Sections 12-4-A (actions detrimental to stock car racing); 12-4-Q (car, car parts, components and/or equipment used do not conform to NASCAR rules); and 20C-12.3-S (front shock absorbers would not extend to the specified distance within the specified period of time) of the 2008 NASCAR rule book. The violations were discovered during post race inspection on July 26. The infraction dropped Dillon to 25th in the official race finish. All other drivers in the event moved up one position in the official finishing order."
Mohegan Sun NASCAR Camping World Series 200.
The Mohegan Sun NASCAR Camping World Series 200 took place on August 16 at Lime Rock Park in Lakeville, Connecticut. This race is the second and final road course on the 2008 schedule. Qualifying for this event was rained out so the starting lineup was set by the rule book. This put points leader Matt Kobyluck on the pole for the event. Matt went on to lead a race high 41 laps en route to win his 4th race of the season and third in a row.
Did not Qualify: None
Note: "The race was red flagged at lap 51 due to rain. The red flag was out for 75 minutes before racing resumed."
Mansfield 150.
The Mansfield 150 took place on August 23 at Mansfield Motorsports Park in Mansfield, Ohio. Trevor Bayne captured his second pole award of the season, while Brian Ickler dominated the field leading six times for 128 laps en route to his third win of the season.
Did not Qualify: None
Heluva Good! Fall 125.
The "Heluva Good! Fall 125 took place on September 13 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon. "Independent" teams lead the field by taking the top three spots in qualifying on Thursday. Peyton Sellers, Steve Park and Eddie MacDonald took the top three spots respectively; Each of them drive for teams that have no affiliation with any Cup or Nationwide teams. Rain on Friday forced the race to be postponed until Saturday morning. A 52 lap green flag stretch during the middle of the race was not planned on and ended up resulting in several teams running out of gas in the closing laps. Eddie MacDonald took the lead from Steve Park on the last lap and went on to win the race.
Did not Qualify: None
Note: Eddie MacDonald became the third driver to complete the sweep of the Camping World Series East events at NHMS. Previous drivers to accomplish this feat are Mike McLaughlin in 1992 and Joey Logano in 2007
Sunoco 150.
The "Sunoco 150" was run on September 19 at Dover International Speedway in Dover, Delaware. Points leader Matt Kobyluck was poised to clinch the series championship with good finish in the race. Brian Ickler got his first pole position of the year but the race would turn bittersweet for him as he was involved in a wreck only 18 laps into the event. A nine minute red flag stopped the race for cleanup after an accident. Aric Almirola would go on to win the race but it was Matt Kobyluck, who by finishing in third place and extending his lead to 219 points over second place with only one race remaining, clinched the series championship.
Did not Qualify: (1) Johnny Sauter (#12)
Notes: Aric Almirola became the second driver this year to win his first race in the series on his first start in the series.
Matt Kobyluck became the thirteenth different series champion in the series 22 years.
36th Annual Carquest Fall Final.
The "36th Annual Carquest Fall Final" at Stafford Motor Speedway was originally scheduled to run on September 28; however, due to an unfavorable forecast the race was postponed until the weekend of October 11–12.
While Matt Kobyluck had wrapped up the series championship at Dover, there were still several positions within the top ten in points that were up for grabs.
Brian Ickler was the second to last driver to go out in qualifying and he laid down a lap of 19.376 seconds (new series record at the track) and took the pole. Ickler would lead the first 36 laps of the event before handing the lead over to Ted Christopher on a restart. Peyton Sellers would be the only other driver to lead laps during the race, and between the three of them they exchanged the lead 8 times.
A blistering race speed and a 57-lap green flag run put many cars down a lap and made for an exciting race. A couple of late race cautions kept the leaders within reach of each other. Towards the end of the race NASCAR was getting reports of Christopher's car leaking oil and spent several laps under caution looking for a leak but ended up not bringing him to pit road to take a look at the car. On the final restart on lap 143 Ickler was leading with Christopher on the outside as they came to take the green flag. The two got together and Ickler went spinning into the infield with Christopher taking the lead.
Ickler kept the car running and was able to continue but a caution was not thrown and the race continued under green. Christopher and Sellers were running nose to tail for the lead. Coming out of turn 4 on lap 148 Ickler was directly in front of the leaders and Christopher seemed to have to check up a little bit to not get into Ickler. This led to Sellers getting into the rear of Christopher and sending him spinning towards the outside wall. Sellers would take the lead and the white flag as Christopher came to a rest near the wall out of turn 4. The yellow came out and Sellers crossed the line in first place under the yellow/checkered flags and took the win.
Peyton Sellers would proceed to stop under the flag stand to get the checkered flag and do a little celebrating but all victory lane proceedings would be postponed while the tower reviewed the contact between Sellers and Christopher. Fifteen minutes later word came from the tower that Sellers was the winner of the event. This was Sellers' first win of the season after having a win in the season opener at Greenville-Pickens Speedway taken away from him for an illegal shock absorber.
Did not Qualify: None
Toyota All-Star Showdown.
Moved to January of the next year from its traditional October date in order to allow the race to keep a "post-season" feel, this race is a 2008 Camping World Series race, per NASCAR rulebook, since it is run with 2008 rules, and not 2009 rules (e.g., 2008 approved equipment only; no 2009 approved equipment was allowed to be run, and no 2009 rules applied).
The East-West showdown format favoured the West in qualifying, as six of the top ten drivers in qualifying were West drivers, with only two East Series regulars making the top ten, along with defending champion Joey Logano (who was not an East Series regular in 2008) and Mexico Series champion Antonio Pérez.
West Series champion Eric Holmes was among the leaders of the first 100 laps, along with East Series driver Brian Ickler (originally from California; moved to the Charlotte area to race in the East Series in 2008), who led 98 laps throughout the night. Holmes dropped back because of a dragging part on the start of the second segment. On Lap 141, Ron Hornaday, Jr. ran into the side of Ickler, and caused an incident that led to a nine-minute red flag as 22 cars were involved, either by the crash or being stuck behind the wreckage.
On Lap 250, Logano raced Peyton Sellers, who has a Nationwide Series ride for 2009, hard, running into Sellers to cause a spin in turn three. Logano crossed the line first but was disqualified by NASCAR for unsportsmanlike conduct. East Series champion Matt Kobyluck, who did not lead a single lap and crashed in practice, going to his 2006 Showdown-winning car, finished second but was declared the winner.
East driver Trevor Bayne was second, and West driver Jason Bowles, who drove a car for this race purchased from East Series team owner Andy Santerre, who supported the team (he did not bring his regular team with him to the Showdown) was third.
There were 13 cautions in the race.
"Did not qualify out of 50-lap "last chance qualifier" was held after qualifying. The top six advanced.": (16) Blake Koch (#21), Joe Polewarczyk, Jr. (#03), Daryl Harr (#00), Keith Spangler (#39), Brian Wong (#89), Marcus Zukanovic (#99), Tony Toste (#91), Stan Silva, Jr. (#65), Paul Pedroncelli, Jr. (#0), Billy Kann (#78), Kyle Kelley (#7), Dakoda Armstrong (#5), Wes Banks (#31), Rod Johnson, Jr. (#04), Terry Henry (#19), Greg Pursley (#26).
"NOTE: Logano crossed the line first but was penalised for rough driving in the Lap 250 crash with Sellers."

</doc>
<doc id="19106587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106587" title="Turkish Economic and Social Studies Foundation">
Turkish Economic and Social Studies Foundation

The Turkish Economic and Social Studies Foundation (, TESEV), based in Istanbul, is Turkey's leading think tank. Its core program areas are democratization, good governance, and foreign policy.
It was founded in 1961 as the "Ekonomik ve Sosyal Etüdler Konferans Heyeti" by the pharmaceutical entrepreneur Nejat Eczacıbaşı.
Executive board.
The following members were elected in February 2006:
Funding.
TESEV has a budget of around $2 million per year, of which $400,000 is covered by the Soros Foundation, and the rest by domestic sources. 
TESEV has also received numerous grants from the World Bank, Freedom House, the European Institute, and the United Nations Development Programme. The National Endowment for Democracy awarded TESEV $100,485 in 2004, and $50,000 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19106595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106595" title="Dina Miftakhutdynova">
Dina Miftakhutdynova

Dina Miftakhutdinova (; born November 2, 1973) is a retired rower from Ukraine, who won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is a two-time Olympian. In Atlanta, Georgia her teammates in the Women's Quadruple Sculls were Olena Ronzhyna, Svetlana Maziy, and Inna Frolova.

</doc>
<doc id="19106606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106606" title="31st Tony Awards">
31st Tony Awards

The 31st Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by ABC television on June 5, 1977 from the Shubert Theatre in New York City.
The ceremony.
Hosts-Performers-Presenters were Jack Albertson, Beatrice Arthur, Buddy Ebsen, Damon Evans, Jean Stapleton, and Leslie Uggams. Additional presenters-performers were Diana Ross, Jane Alexander, Alan Arkin, Lauren Bacall, Valerie Harper, Barry Manilow, Robert Preston, Tony Randall, and Lily Tomlin.
The theme of the show was survival; each host performed a solo, with songs of determination and perseverance, including "I'm Still Here", "Before the Parade Passes By", "Don't Rain On My Parade", "September Song", "You'll Never Walk Alone", "New York City Rhythm", "Climb Ev'ry Mountain" and "Being Alive".
Musicals represented:
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19106625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106625" title="Heinrich Kirchheim">
Heinrich Kirchheim

Summary of his military career.
1 May 1899: Entered the Army as a Fahnenjunker in the Infanterie-Regiment Prinz Friedrich der Niederlande (2. Westfälisches) Nr.15.
1 October 1904: Transferred to the Protection Troops in German Southwest Africa. January 1904, the native Herero tribe of Southwest Africa rebelled against German colonial rule over the expropriation of their land and cattle. Later in the year, the Nama/Hottentot tribe also took up arms against their colonial rulers. Generalleutnant Lothar von Trotha, the Military Commander of German Southwest Africa, suppressed the rebellion with extreme brutality. Relying on a policy of ethnic cleansing backed by forced labor, deportations, wholesale execution of prisoners and the use of concentration camps, the Germans crushed the rebellion by early 1907. In 1915, South Africa took over the German colony as a League of Nations’ mandate called South West Africa. Renamed Namibia in 1968, the country only achieved its independence from South Africa in 1990.
10 March 1914: Transferred to the Magdeburgisches Jäger-Bataillon Nr.4.
1 August 1914: Company Leader in Jäger Battalion 4. 24 August 1914: Wounded/hospitalized.
15 August 1916: Commander of the Hannoversches Jäger-Bataillon Nr.10.
27 January 1919: Commander of the Volunteer Hannoverian Jäger Battalion “Kirchheim.”
2 August 1919: Detached to the Prussian War Ministry and then to the Reich Defense Ministry.
1 January 1921: Company Chief in the 17th Infantry Regiment upon the formation of the new Reichsheer from the Übergangsheer or Transitional Army.
1 May 1923: On the staff of the 1st Cavalry Division, Frankfurt/Oder.
15 May 1926: Commander of the I. Battalion of an infantry regiment – possibly the 7th (Prussian) Infantry Regiment.
1 February 1930: Commandant of Glatz.
31 March 1932: Retired from the Army.
1 October 1934: Reactivated in the Army and appointed Commander of the Training Battalion of Infantry Regiment “Arnsberg.”
15 November 1934: Delegated with the post of head of the Köln Military Area Command.
7 March 1936: Commander of the Köln Military Area Command.
1 June 1938: Commander of the Wien I Military Area Command.
1 October 1939: Commander of Infantry Regiment 276 of the 94th Infantry Division.
1 December 1939-31 January 1941: Commander of the 169th Infantry Division. held in reserve, Kirchheim’s division took part in the second phase of the invasion of France in June 1940 under General der Infanterie Ernst Busch’s 16th Army. Following the Franco-German armistice, the 169th Infantry Division remained in Lorraine under the 1st Army on occupation duties for the remainder of the year.
1 March 1941: As leader of Special Staff Libya, he was delegated with the leadership of elements of the Italian 27th Brescia Infantry Division. Arriving in Libya on 24 February 1941, Kirchheim and his special staff consisted of officers with military experience in Africa prior to and during World War I. Kirchheim was charged with studying the varied conditions in North Africa, however Generalleutnant Erwin Rommel, recently arrived and the commanding general of the newly formed German Afrika Korps chose to use Kirchheim's staff to reinforce his understrength field formations. During Rommel’s first offensive in Cyrenaica (31 March 1941-12 April 1941), Generalmajor Kirchheim led the northern group that pushed up the Via Balbia coast road from Agedabia. Upon reaching Benghazi on 4 April 1941, Kirchheim’s force split into two columns. The northernmost column, a reinforced regimental sized detachment of one infantry and one artillery battalion of the Italian 27th Brescia Infantry Division and one infantry battalion of the Italian 25th Bologna Infantry Division, commanded by Kirchheim, continued advancing up the Via Balbia to clear Australian rearguards. The German Reconnaissance Battalion 3, commanded by Oberstleutnant Irnfried Freiherr von Wechmar, hooked east and crossed the desert south of the Jebel el Akdar hills to Mechili. Securing northern Cyrenaica, Kirchheim’s Brescia column linked up with the German Machinegun Battalion 8, commanded by Oberstleutnant Gustav Ponath, at Derna on 8 April 1941. Following his advance up the Via Balbia, Generalmajor Kirchheim next saw action during Rommel’s attempt to seize the critical coastal fortress of Tobruk. On 30 April 1941, Rommel placed Kirchheim in command of a battle group formed from the bulk of Generalmajor Johannes Streich’s 5th Light Division for an assault against the Ras el Madauer high ground on the Tobruk defensive perimeter. Though the group did seize the high ground, the attempt to capture Tobruk failed after suffering the loss of almost 1,400 German and Italian dead, wounded and missing.
15 June 1941: Leader of Special Staff Tropics in the Army High Command.
15 March 1943: Leader of Special Staff C under the Chief of Army Armaments and Commander of the Replacement Army/Army High Command.
2 August 1944: At the same time, appointed a member of the Army Court of Honor. by Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel under Hitler’s orders, the court investigated all army officers suspected of involvement in the conspiracy that culminated with the 20 July 1944 assassination attempt on Hitler. The court members consisted of Generalfeldmarschall Gerd von Rundstedt, Generaloberst Heinz Guderian, General der Infanterie Walter Schroth and Generalleutnant Karl-Wilhelm Specht. Additionally, General der Infanterie Karl Kriebel and Generalleutnant Kirchheim were designated standing representatives for members who could not attend a court sitting.[2 Generalmajor Ernst Maisel, Chief of the Office Group for Officers’ Education and Welfare (P 2) of the Army Personnel Office, served as the court protocol officer. Based on evidence provided by the Gestapo (suspects did not appear in person to defend themselves), the court decided whether a suspect was “expelled” or “discharged” from the Army. The former verdict would result in a suspect’s release from military jurisdiction to face trial before the infamous People’s Court and subsequent execution. In a special meeting on 4 October 1944, the court heard the evidence implicating Generalleutnant Dr. phil. Hans Speidel in the conspiracy.The court refused to expel Speidel from the Army opting instead for his discharge. Although he spent the rest of the war in prison, the verdict insured Speidel did not appear before the People’s Court.
15 October 1944-31 March 1945: Berlin Military Recruitment Inspector.
1 April 1945: Army High Command Leader Reserve.
12 April 1945-6 October 1947: Prisoner of war.
4 May 1945 transferred to Trent Park Camp 11 sorting camp.
24 January 1946 to Island Farm Special Camp 11 from Camp 1
11 January 1947 transferred to Camp 99 from Island Farm Special Camp 11
21 March 1947 to Island Farm Special Camp 11 from Camp 99
1 April 1947 transferred to LDC (London District Cage) from Island Farm Special Camp 11
30 September 1947 transferred to US custody for discharge

</doc>
<doc id="19106632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106632" title="Symphony No. 18 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 18 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 18 in G major, Hoboken I/18, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. The composition date is uncertain. The Breitkopf catalogue entry assures that it was composed no later than 1766, but most scholars believe it was composed at least a few years before then. Dates between 1757 and 1764 have been suggested.
Movements.
The symphony is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. Although the symphony is in three movements, it has been sometimes categorized as in the sonata da chiesa style due to the presence of an entire opening slow movement. The three movements are:
The opening movement is written in the form of a trio sonata with two melodic lines over an independent bass.

</doc>
<doc id="19106634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106634" title="Gerard Lawson">
Gerard Lawson

Gerard Lawson (born January 12, 1985) is a gridiron football cornerback/kickoff returner for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Oregon State.
Lawson has also played for the Hartford Colonials and Philadelphia Eagles.
Professional career.
Cleveland Browns.
Lawson was signed to a one-year contract by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent following the 2008 NFL Draft on April 28, 2008. He played in 20 games for the Browns from 2008–2009, making five special teams tackles and four kickoff returns for 115 yards.
On August 8, Lawson was arrested in Berea, Ohio on charges including driving under the influence. He hit a parked car in the town's Warehouse District and sheriff's deputies saw him leave the scene of the accident. He was released from the Browns on August 31, 2010.
Hartford Colonials.
Lawson played with the Hartford Colonials of the United Football League in 2010 following his release from the Browns. He returned an interception 41 yards for a touchdown in his debut for the Colonials, and had 23 kickoff returns for 483 yards during the season.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Lawson was signed to a three-year contract by the Philadelphia Eagles on December 24, 2010, to replace Jorrick Calvin, who was placed on injured reserve. He was released on July 28, 2011.
BC Lions.
Lawson was signed by the BC Lions on April 24, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19106639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106639" title="Steve Rossi">
Steve Rossi

Steve Rossi (born Joseph Charles Tafarella May 25, 1932 at New York City 111th Street Catholic Hospital, is an American stand-up comedian and actor.
Biography.
Rossi gained a Bachelor of Arts degree in communication, arts and theater, Greek and Latin at Loyola Marymount University, Los Angeles and served as an officer in the United States Air Force. The comedian was discovered by Mae West who with her manager Jerry Franks saw him in 1953 as the lead of "The Student Prince" at the Civic Light Orchestra in Los Angeles. 
Under his birth name, Rossi was signed to a nightclub show with West booked at Ciro's in Los Angeles before moving the show to Las Vegas at the Sahara Hotel where his name was changed reportedly to not compete as much with Mae West's shorter name on the signage. According to Rossi Mae West picked "Steve" because she was dating actor Steve Cochran at the time and had a manager by the name of Bernie Ross; adding an "I" to Ross to reflect Rossi's Italian heritage. West and Rossi toured in 1953 and 1954. Rossi wrote the musical numbers he performed in the show with West. Following the tour's end, Rossi concentrated on his musical career, recording music with his group, Steve Rossi and The Robinaires for Red Robin Records.
In 1957, he formed the Allen & Rossi comedy duo with Marty Allen. Rossi played straight man to Allen and the pair made many appearances together in the 1950s and 1960s, including 44 appearances on The Ed Sullivan Show. They released multiple comedy albums, co-starred in a feature film, The Last of the Secret Agents, and also performed live in Las Vegas. 
The pair were signed in a star studded event at Paramount Studios. 
Rossi continued his singing career as a solo artist, recording for several labels in the 1960s and 1970s including ABC Records' ABC-Paramount label, Red Bird Records, Roulette Records, and Columbia Records. 
Milton Berle famously lost bet of one week's salary to Steve Rossi regarding the 1962 Academy Awards when Steve correctly predicted that Bob Hope would tell a joke about Elizabeth Taylor. 
In 1963 Allen & Rossi were the first comedians to go to Washington DC to lobby congress on the house floor. 
Following the breakup of Allen & Rossi in 1968, he teamed for less than three months with Joe E. Ross in an act called "Rossi & Ross". The team of Rossi and Ross played once on Ed Sullivan and disbanded in January 1969. 
Steve Rossi was a style and fashion leader of his day being one of the first celebrities to purchase a houseboat. 
That same month, Rossi announced a pairing with comedian Slappy White creating the comedy act, Rossi and White. The interracial comedy team released the album, "I Found Me a White Man--You Find Yourself One" on Roulette Records. In 1971 to increase air travel the pair were sent on overseas flights as live entertainment as reported by Jett Magazine. 
In 1975 Steve Rossi received a mysterious visitor claiming to be Howard Hughes as reported by entertainment reporter Earl Wilson, Hughes came to see Rossi in Vancouver to prove he was not dead yet. 
Rossi later teamed with Sandy Hackett, son of Buddy Hackett. They appeared at several venues in Las Vegas including the Star Bright theater. 
Rossi and Allen reunited several times, including a film released in 1974 and stage performances together in 1984-5 and 1990-1994. 
In 1998 Greer Childers referenced Steve as being in excellent health at his age due to using the regimen outlined in her book: Be a Loser. It is referenced on his personal blog as well with the page from the introduction featured. 
Rossi presented a spoof of Washington D.C. called "Laffs, Sex & Politics" co-starring Hackett in 2000. Rossi appeared on The Howard Stern Show on Oct.10 1990 and also had a role in the Brad Pitt movie "The Mexican" (2001). In 2004, Rossi was inducted into the Show Business Legends Hall of Fame at the Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas. Steve Rossi's book, "Adult Stand-up Comedy For Wannabe Comedians: Hilarious Stand-up Routines, Jokes and Stories", was issued in 2006. In 2007, Rossi was part of a touring cabaret show titled, "5 Star Revue" with Gary Collins, Mary Ann Mobley, Ruta Lee and Ronnie Schell. In 2009, he appeared along with Schell in the Off-Broadway play Don't Leave it All to Your Children and performed his stand-up comedy act at Feinstein's in New York City.
Steve Rossi lives in Las Vegas, Nevada where he continues to perform 5 nights a week. His blog details his upcoming appearances. While he and Marty Allen live in the same city and remain dear friends the pair no longer perform together as an act. Steve is ready to work and is actively seeking projects. 
In August, 2010, the Comedy Talks speakers series of the University of San Franciscohosted a panel discussion including Steve Rossi, Rich Little, and Carol Channing. 
Dear friends with Pia Zadora the pair performed together at several venues in 2011 including Niagara Falls.
Penn Jillette's 2011 book:God, No! features a chapter titled Hello Dere in which he speaks about great comedy partnerships including his own and Allen & Rossi. 
In 2012 Steve Rossi re-released in electronic book format The Worlds Dirtiest Joke Book.
In 2012 Steve Rossi attended the opening of Rich Little's Show Jimmy Stewart and Friends with strip headliner Terry Fator. Steve is credited as co-writer of the play. 
Upon the passing of his dear personal friend Dick Clark in 2012 Mr. Rossi appeared in local Las Vegas media to share his memories. 
Current projects in 2012 of Mr. Rossi include working to remaster and release the now 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary television special of the Allen and Rossi comedy partnership. Mr. Rossi continues to give back to charitable organizations as much as possible attending many throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19106644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106644" title="T. S. Narayanasami">
T. S. Narayanasami

T. S. Narayanasami (born May 18, 1949) is a former banker and the first MD & CEO (2009 - 2011) of United Stock Exchange of India, a currency derivatives exchange. His previous positions include:

</doc>
<doc id="19106652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106652" title="Animafest Zagreb">
Animafest Zagreb

The World Festival of Animated Film Zagreb, also known as Animafest Zagreb, is an annual festival dedicated to animated film held annually in Zagreb, Croatia. Initiated by the International Animated Film Association (ASIFA), the event was established in 1972. Animafest is the second oldest animation festival in Europe, after the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, established in 1960. 
The idea to create the event came about because of the worldwide acclaim of animated shorts produced by authors belonging to the Zagreb School of Animated Films in the 1950s and 1960s. Zagreb’s candidacy for holding a permanent animated film festival was accepted at the 1969 ASIFA meeting in London.
Animafest has originally been held as a biennial event in every even year between 1972 and 2004 with each edition focused on animated short films. Since 2005 the festival is held every year, with a feature film competition held in odd years.
Festival awards include prizes given in the Main Competition, Student Films Competition, Children Films, Educational Films, Commercials, Music Videos and Films Made for the Internet. Its Prize for "Best First Production Apart from Educational Institutions" is named in honour of Zlatko Grgić. The Lifetime Achievement Award, which is unique for animation film festivals, was established in 1986. An award for outstanding contribution to the theory of animation was added in 2002. 
See also.
Other ASIFA-sponsored festivals:

</doc>
<doc id="19106661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106661" title="Bangor Normal College">
Bangor Normal College

The Normal College, Bangor () was an independent teacher training college, founded in 1861 until 1996, when the College became part of University of Wales Bangor. In 1979 it changed its name to "Y Coleg Normal, Bangor" or in English: The Normal College, Bangor
The old Normal campus is situated on the shores of the Menai Strait next to the School of Education and School of Sport, Health and Exercise Sciences and the closest residences to the School of Ocean Sciences in Menai Bridge. The site has two self-catered halls: Neuadd Seiriol and Neuadd Arfon.
In the 1960s one of the first pro-language campaigns in Wales was by 20 of the college lectures for Welsh salary cheques, led by Owain Owain, which was successful.
The college was originally set up through the efforts of the a local community and Sir Hugh Owen to the tune of £11,000 and £2,000 of Government money. 
Among renowned students and lecturers are:

</doc>
<doc id="19106672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106672" title="Olena Ronzhyna">
Olena Ronzhyna

Olena Ronzhyna-Morozova (; born November 18, 1970 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a retired rower from Ukraine, who won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is a four-time Olympian.
After having competed for the Unified Team in 1992 Ronzhyna was a member of the Ukrainian team, that claimed the silver medal in the Women's Quadruple Sculls in Atlanta, Georgia. Her team mates were Inna Frolova, Svetlana Maziy, and Dina Myftakhutdinova. At her last Olympic appearance in 2004 she was disqualified with her team after one of her team mates, Olena Olefirenko, tested positive for ethamivan.

</doc>
<doc id="19106683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106683" title="2005 ATP Buenos Aires">
2005 ATP Buenos Aires

The 2005 ATP Buenos Aires was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was the 33rd edition of the event and was part of the International Series of the 2005 ATP Tour. The tournament was played on outdoor clay court and held from February 7 to February 14. 

</doc>
<doc id="19106716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106716" title="Jean-Claude Borelly">
Jean-Claude Borelly

Jean-Claude Borelly (born 2 July 1953) is a French trumpeter and composer.
Background.
At the age of seven he developed a passion for the trumpet after discovering Louis Armstrong on television.
He met a prominent trumpeter of the Paris Opera who touched by his fascination for the trumpet, introduced him to the instrument and accompanies all during his studies at the Conservatory and has the Normal School of Music.
Early years.
At the age of fourteen he had trumpet lessons at the school of music in Paris. When he was eighteen, Borelly wanted to share his passion so he started teaching the trumpet to the beginners at the school of music.
During the 1970s, Borelly became fanatical about rhythm and blues. He was so fond of it that he did not hesitate to give up his classical studies and start playing in bands.
Dolannes melody.
1975 was a turning point in Borelly's life. The recording of Dolannes melody was about to change his future. This record very quickly went to first place in the charts of most European countries, first in France, Switzerland, Belgium and then Germany, Austria, and the Netherlands. It was also in the first place in South America and later in Japan.
With "Dolannes Melody", Borelly managed to introduce his own modern trumpet style. Together with Paul de Senneville and Olivier Toussaint (his composers/producers), he has developed a very melodious and romantic style of music.
Recent years.
In 1995, he decided to move to Las Vegas. He gave several concerts and took the opportunity to soak sounds and techniques of the greatest musical showmens occurring in the great hotels known throughout the world.
In 2000 he returned to France and three years later he composed and recorded his new album titled "The Sound of Lac d'Amour".
Since June 2006, he makes tour concerts in churches and cathedrals accompanied by his musicians and singers. 
See also.
List of trumpeters
Richard Clayderman

</doc>
<doc id="19106726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106726" title="Symphony No. 19 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 19 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 19 in D major, Hoboken I/19, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony was composed between 1757 and 1761.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. The symphony is homotonal and in three movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19106762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106762" title="Claggett Wilson">
Claggett Wilson

Claggett Wilson (1887–1952) was one of America's first "Modernist" painters. Early in his career he taught painting and drawing at Columbia University. After serving as a lieutenant in The First World War, Wilson returned from France to document his experiences in a series of war paintings.
Youth.
Born in 1887 in Washington, D.C., Wilson eventually made New York City his home. In his teenage years he worked as a cowboy in Arizona, and in England rode to hounds. After a short stay at Princeton University, he lived in Paris from 1906 to 1910, and showed in the Paris Salon.
World War I.
Wilson served in World War One as Brigade HQ chief in the 2nd (Indian Head) Division and later, because he spoke fluent French, as aide-de-camp to Brigadier General Wendell Neville. He was wounded twice and never shook the debilitating effects of mustard gas. He was awarded the Navy Cross, the Silver Star, and the Croix de Guerre, and ended up with the maple leaf of a Major. His War Paintings were bequeathed to the Smithsonian American Art Museum by Alice H. Rossin.
Art.
Wilson was a portraitist, muralist, and designer–decorator, as well as a costume and set designer. New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Brooklyn Museum, and the Smithsonian Museum of American Art own a number of Wilson’s paintings.
Patrons of the arts such as Solomon R. Guggenheim, Adolph Lewisohn, Edgar Rossin, James Cox Brady, and Rodney Sharp adorned their walls with his canvases and murals. Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne engaged Wilson in 1935 to design the costumes and sets for "The Taming of the Shrew". In 1938 he began a two-year project at the Lunts' home in Wisconsin, Ten Chimneys, painting murals throughout and decorating the historical residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19106768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106768" title="3&quot;/23 caliber gun">
3&quot;/23 caliber gun

The 3"/23 caliber gun (spoken "three-inch-twenty-three-caliber") was the standard anti-aircraft gun for United States destroyers through World War I and the 1920s. United States naval gun terminology indicates the gun fired a projectile 3 inches (76 mm) in diameter, and the barrel was 23 calibers long (barrel length is 3" x 23 = 69" or 1.75 meters.)
Description.
The built-up gun with vertical sliding breech block weighed about 531 pounds (241 kg) and used fixed ammunition (case and projectile handled as a single assembled unit) with a 13-pound (6 kg) projectile at a velocity of 1650 feet per second (500 m/s). Range was 10100 yards (9235 meters) at 45 degrees elevation. Ceiling was 18000 feet (5500 meters) at the maximum elevation of 75 degrees.
History.
The 3"/23 caliber cannon was the first purposely-designed anti-aircraft cannon to reach operational service in the US military, and was a further development of a 1 pounder cannon concept designed by Admiral Twining to meet the possible threat from airships being built by various navies.
A partially retractable version was mounted on the US L-class and O-class submarines.
When World War II began, the 3"/23 caliber gun was outdated, and surviving United States destroyers built during the World War I era that were armed with the 3"/23 caliber were rearmed with dual-purpose 3"/50 caliber guns. Where there was no air threat during World War Two, the 3"/23 caliber gun was employed in the surface to surface role for use against submarines, and was mounted on submarine chasers, armed yachts, and various auxiliaries. Some major warships carried 3"/23 caliber guns temporarily while awaiting installation of quad 1.1"/75 caliber guns. 
The 3"/23 caliber gun was mounted on:

</doc>
<doc id="19106773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106773" title="Sony Alpha 900">
Sony Alpha 900

The α900 (DSLR-A900) is a full-frame digital SLR camera, produced by Sony. An early design study of the camera was shown at PMA on 8 March 2007, and a newer prototype announced at PMA 2008 on 31 January 2008. Sony officially introduced the final camera on 9 September 2008 prior to photokina 2008. In October 2011, Sony Japan announced the camera's end of production.
The specifications include: 24.6-megapixel CMOS sensor, 5 frame/s burst mode, dual BIONZ processors, 100% viewfinder, 9-point AF with 10 assist points, inbuilt image sensor shift stabilization and intelligent preview. It does not have video/movie recording.
Intelligent Preview Mode.
This mode, first introduced on the DSLR-A900, allows the photographer to take a sample image at the current settings. When this mode is enabled in the settings (default), then using the depth of field (DOF) preview button makes a preview image of the subject. The display shows the image and its image histogram, but it is not stored on the memory card. At that point, the photographer can accept current settings or simulate how the image (and histogram) would look with changes in aperture, shutter speed, Dynamic Range optimizer and white balance. If the photographer prefers those new settings he simply continues to work to accept them. Otherwise he can reject them by depressing the garbage can icon. He can also compare the sample to the simulation by depressing the DISP button.
Predecessor to the DSLR-A850.
The DSLR-A900 requires a labour intensive alignment procedure in the factory in order to provide a 100% scene view in the viewfinder. In eliminating this costly procedure by masking the view to a slightly smaller area (98%) while also downspecifying the frame rate to 3 frames per second, the DSLR-A850 offers a camera with most of the benefits of the DSLR-A900 at a significant saving to the photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="19106776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106776" title="Miss Continente Americano 2007">
Miss Continente Americano 2007

Miss Continente Americano 2007, the 2nd Miss Continente Americano pageant, was held in Guayaquil, Ecuador on June 30, 2007. Mía Taveras, Miss Continente Americano 2006 from the Dominican Republic, crowned Marianne Cruz, also from the Dominican Republic, as the brand new Miss Continente Americano. 

</doc>
<doc id="19106815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106815" title="Campanário, Minas Gerais">
Campanário, Minas Gerais

Campanário is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 3,592 people living in a total area of 441 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Vale do Rio Doce and to the micro-region of Governador Valadares. It became a municipality in 1943.
Location.
The city center of Campanário is located at an elevation of 268 meters on the important federal highway BR-116 between Governador Valadares and Teófilo Otoni. Neighboring municipalities are: Itambacuri (W and N), Frei Gaspar (NE), Pescador (E), Jampruca (S).
Distances
Economic activities.
Services and agriculture are the main economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$15 million, with 9 million reais from services, 1 million reais from industry, and 4 million reais from agriculture. There were 190 rural producers on 19,000 hectares of land (2006). Approximately 450 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are sugarcane, beans, and corn. There were 23,000 head of cattle, of which 3,700 were milk cows (2006). Only 25 of the rural properties had tractors in 2006.
There were no banks (2007) In the vehicle fleet there were 161 automobiles, 10 trucks, 12 pickup trucks, 4 buses, and 70 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 2 health clinics (2005). Educational needs of 1,100 students were met by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$133.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19106819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106819" title="Westover, Virginia">
Westover, Virginia

Westover, Virginia, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19106821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106821" title="Goan Catholic names and surnames">
Goan Catholic names and surnames

Goan Catholic names and surnames encompass the different types of names and surnames used by the Goan Catholics of Goa.
Names.
Konkani variants of most Goan Catholic names are derived from Hebrew, Greek, and Latin names from the Old and New Testament Biblical canons. Nowadays Indian names like "Sandeep", "Rahul" and "Anita", etc. are also used. Some Indian names like "Kristadasa" (Christopher) have European Christian translations. Bilingual names, having variants in both Konkani and English, like "Pedru" (Peter) and "Mâri" (Mary) are common among Goan Catholics. Portuguese names like "António", "João", "Maria", "Ana" are common among the older generations of Goan Catholics who were born in Portuguese India. The Goan Catholic variant of many first names is the Goan Catholic Konkani version of its Portuguese counterpart which was borrowed from the Portuguese language (examples include "Zâbel" from the Portuguese "Isabel", "Zuãuñ" from the Portuguese "João", "Pedru" from the Portuguese "Pedro", and "Zoze" from the Portuguese "José"). Most Goan Catholic names for males follow the second declension. Among women, the names follow the first declension, while among young girls, the names follow the second declension. Another popular naming convention uses English names, like Kevin, Kenneth and Sanferd, that have no Konkani variants. European names such as Savio, Mario and Andrea are also popular.
Surnames.
The Portuguese surnames like Rodrigues and Carvalho are common found among Goan Catholics due to the former Portuguese province of Goa, India and generally follow the second declension.. These Portuguese surnames are also observed among the Mangalorean Catholics and East Indian Catholics and some other Christians in India. Portuguese surnames are very popular across the world significantly in the Portuguese-speaking countries of Portugal, Brazil, Angola, Macau, Cape Verde, East Timor, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, São Tomé and Príncipe and Mozambique.
Bold indicates common surnames"Italics indicates uncommon surnames"
There is no evidence of any sort of interaction of the Goan Catholics with the Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="19106835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106835" title="Lions of Medina">
Lions of Medina

Lions of Medina is a book written by historian Doyle Glass, first published by Coleche Press on May 1, 2007 and subsequently by NAL Caliber (Penguin) on July 1, 2008. The book is a first hand account of the Marines and Navy Corpsmen of Charlie Company, 1st Marines, 1st Marine Division during the Vietnam War culminating in Operation Medina in October 1967.
Based on extensive interviews with survivors of Operation Medina, as well as with the friends and families of the men who didn’t make it back, "Lions of Medina" takes readers through the training, the hardships, the tragedies, and the triumphs of war, and into the heart of a close-knit group of warriors who fought, bled, and died together, and shared a spirit of loyalty and camaraderie that binds them together to this day.
Operation Medina.
Operation Medina was a search and destroy operation conducted in the Hai Lang Forest Reserve of South Vietnam in the fall of 1967 during the Vietnam War. Conducted by the First and Second battalions of the First Marine Regiment, the First Battalion of the Third Marine Regiment, and two battalions of the First ARVN Division, the objective of the operation was to locate and annihilate any North Vietnamese (NVA) forces found in the forest reserve.
One specific enemy base that the Marines sought to eliminate was known as Base Area 101. Base Area 101 was an NVA staging area, a place where the NVA felt safe enough to build up personnel and supplies. The base was a launching point for attacks by the Fifth and Sixth NVA Regiments against the possible Marine bases at Con Thien, Khe Sahn, Dong Ha and Phu Bai.
Operation Medina began on 10 October 1967 and ended on 20 October. The operation obtained partial success. Even though the NVA were not driven out of the Hai Lang Forest Reserve, significant losses were inflicted upon them by the Marine and ARVN forces.
Critical Acclaim.
"Doyle Glass has written a stirring tribute to the valor of Marines in Vietnam. "Lions of Medina" captures the chaos and ferocity of infantry combat, and shows that little has changed from the pass at Thermopylae, to the jungles of Vietnam and the streets of Iraq.”
-Nathaniel Fick, New York Times best selling author of One Bullet Away
“In this moving story of Americans in combat, Doyle Glass takes us deep into the harrowing experiences of one Marine unit in one of the Vietnam War’s most bitter battles. What Stephen Ambrose did for Easy Company, 506th Parachute Infantry, in Band of Brothers, Glass does for Charlie Company, 1st Marines, in this excellent, powerful book.”
-John C. McManus, author of Alamo in the Ardennes and The Deadly Brotherhood
“A gritty and gutsy account of what it is like to fight for your life and that of your fellow Marines.”
“The author of this gripping account of Vietnam infantry combat set out to redeem the reputation of the American fighting man in a very controversial conflict… Glass finally gives credit where it is most due, to the grunts who, like their fellows in other wars, bore the lion’s share of the burden in Vietnam.”
“In a plain, straightforward style unembellished with jingoism or theatrics, Glass intricately weaves all the horrific action of that week I spent one night with Charlie Co. into a fine and inspiring chronicle to record many individual acts of now-sung heroism… As I critically read Lions of Medina, I found myself actually gasping for breath, for I kept holding mine as the action unfolded before me all over again, nearly forty years later…. Fortunately, Charlie Co. and I never have to redo Operation Medina. Doyle Glass has done it for us in his unmitigated, indelible style.”
Lions of Medina (hardcover).
Author: Doyle Glass
Country: USA
Subject(s): History/U.S.
History/Military
History/Vietnam War
History
Genre(s): Non-fiction
Publisher: Coleche Press
Publication date: May 1, 2007
Pages: 400
Weight: 1.6 pounds
Dimensions: 9 x 6.2 x 1.5 inches
Language: English
ISBN 0-9785861-0-7
ISBN 978-0-9785861-0-2
Lions of Medina (paperback).
Author: Doyle Glass
Country: USA
Subject(s): History/U.S.
History/Military
History/Vietnam War
History
Genre(s): Non-fiction
Publisher: NAL Caliber Trade; Reprint edition
Publication date: July 1, 2008
Pages: 464
Weight: 1.4 pounds
Dimensions: 8.9 x 5.9 x 0.9 inches
Language: English
ISBN 0-451-22408-6
ISBN 978-0-451-22408-8
Awards.
In 2007, Lions of Medina was voted Best Book in the Military History Category and Finalist in the World History Category by USA BookNews and a Finalist by Foreword Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19106856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106856" title="Miyū">
Miyū

Possible writings.
Miyū can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19106876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106876" title="Miss Continente Americano 2006">
Miss Continente Americano 2006

Miss Continente Americano 2006, the very first Miss Continente Americano pageant, was held in Guayaquil, Ecuador on August 28, 2006. Mía Taveras from the Dominican Republic was crowned as the very first Miss Continente Americano for the first lady of Ecuador María Beatríz Paret de Palacio. 

</doc>
<doc id="19106892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106892" title="2006 ATP Buenos Aires">
2006 ATP Buenos Aires

The 2006 ATP Buenos Aires was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tennis tournament that was played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was the 34th edition of the event and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from February 13 to February 20. 

</doc>
<doc id="19106896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106896" title="Peterboro Land Office">
Peterboro Land Office

The Peterboro Land Office is located in the hamlet of Peterboro, in the Town of Smithfield in Madison County, New York. The small, Federal style building was built in 1804. It was constructed of locally produced brick laid in flemish bond on the facade and common bond elsewhere. The main room is . The interior has plaster walls and ceiling and a brick over plank floor. The entrance vestibule is in the center of the south wall between two windows. There is a window each on the east and west walls. The north walls has built in shelves and drawers on the east side and a iron vault door on the west side.
Peter Smith arrived in Utica, New York, then called Fort Schuyler, in 1784, and over the next ten years formed close ties with the local Native American tribe, the Oneidas. In 1794, Peter Smith leased, and subsequently acquired full title to, of land from the Oneidas under Chief Skenadoah. The tract comprised the central portion of modern day Madison County and parts of the current Oneida County. Over of land in the northeastern part of the country were transferred in thousands of transactions at the land office, which was used for that purpose until the late 19th century.
Gerrit Smith, Peter's son, continued in the land business after his father. He also established the Peterboro Academy in 1853 and an orphanage in 1871. He was an active abolitionist. His grandson, Gerrit Smith Miller, was a noted philanthropist and active in the women's suffrage movement.
The land office was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and is part of the larger Gerrit Smith Estate which was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19106906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19106906" title="Freedom Party (Indonesia)">
Freedom Party (Indonesia)

The Freedom Party () is a Conservative political party in Indonesia. It was established in 2002 as a reaction to the disappointment felt by several economic activists to the failure of the new Indonesian parties established after the end of the New Order regime to make meaningful changes to the political system. Rather than fighting for political aims, the party focus is on bringing about a people's economy. The three main principles of the party are nationhood, rule by the people and independence.
In the 2004 legislative election, the party won 0.7% of the popular vote and no seats. After initially failing to qualify, following a lawsuit it contested the 2009 elections, but came last, winning only 0.11% of the popular vote, from the electoral threshold of 2.50% and for the second time, no seats. 

</doc>
