<doc id="19261987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19261987" title="Trova">
Trova

Trova is one of the great roots of the Cuban music tree. In the 19th century a group of itinerant musicians known as "trovadores" moved around Oriente, especially Santiago de Cuba, earning their living by singing and playing the guitar. According to one writer, to qualify as a trovador in Cuba, a person should a) sing songs of his own composition, or of others of the same kind; b) accompany himself on the guitar; and c) deal poetically with the song. This definition fits best the singers of boleros, and less well the Afrocubans singing funky sones (El Guayabero) or even guaguancós and abakuá (Chicho Ibáñez). It rules out, perhaps unfairly, singers who accompanied themselves on the piano.
Probably, this kind of life had been going on for some time, but it comes into focus when we learn about named individuals who left their marks on Cuban popular music.
"Trova" musicians have played an important part in the evolution of Cuban popular music. Collectively, they have been prolific as composers, and have provided a start for many later musicians whose career lay in larger groupings. Socially, they reached every community in the country, and have helped to spread Cuban music throughout the world.
The founders.
Pepe Sánchez, born José Sánchez (Santiago de Cuba, 19 March 1856 – 3 January 1918), is known as the father of the "trova" style and the creator of the Cuban bolero. He had some experience in "bufo", but had no formal training in music. With remarkable natural talent, he composed numbers in his head and never wrote them down. As a result, most of these numbers are now lost for ever, though some two dozen or so survive because friends and disciples wrote them down. His first bolero, "Tristezas", is still remembered today. He also created advertisement jingles, believe it or not, before radio was born. He was the model and teacher for the great trovadores who followed him.
The first, and one of the longest-lived, was Sindo Garay, born Antonio Gumersindo Garay Garcia (Stgo de C. 12 April 1867 – Havana, 17 July 1968). He was the most outstanding composer of trova songs, and his best have been sung and recorded many times. "Perla marina", "Adios a La Habana", "Mujer bayamesa", "El huracan y la palma", "Guarina" and many others are now part of Cuba's heritage. Garay was also musically illiterate – in fact, he only taught himself the alphabet at 16 – but in his case not only were scores recorded by others, but there are recordings as well.
In the 1890s Garay got involved in the Cuban War of Independence, and decided a stay in Hispaniola (Haiti and Dominican Republic) would be a good idea. It was, and he came back with a wife. Garay settled in Havana in 1906, and in 1926 joined Rita Montaner and others to visit Paris, spending three months there singing his songs. He broadcast on radio, made recordings and survived into modern times. He used to say "Not many men have shaken hands with both Jose Marti and Fidel Castro!" Carlos Puebla, whose life spanned the old and the new trova, told a good joke about him: "Sindo celebrated his 100th birthday several times -- in fact, whenever he was short of money!" 
José 'Chicho' Ibáñez (Corral Falso, 22 November 1875 – Havana, 18 May 1981) was the first trovador (that we know of) to specialize in the son and also on guaguancós and afrocuban rhythms from the abakuá. He played the tres rather than the Spanish guitar, and developed his own technique for this Cuban guitar. During his extremely long career, Chicho sang and played the son in streets, plazas, cafés, nightclubs and other venues throughout Cuba. In the 1920s, when the sextetos became popular, he was forced to sell his compositions to these larger groups and their composers in order to survive. His compositions include "Tóma mamá que te manda tía", "Evaristo", "No te metas Caridad", "Ojalá" (sones); "Yo era dichoso", "Al fin mujer" (bolero-sones); "Qué más me pides", "La saya de Oyá" (guaguancos). He worked throughout Cuba, and latterly a short film was made of him ('See also' below).
The composer Rosendo Ruiz (Sgo de C. 1 March 1885 – Havana, 1 January 1983) was a trovador almost as long-lived as Ibáñez and Garay. He wrote the criolla "Mares y Arenas" in 1911, the workers' anthem "Redencion" in 1917, the bolero "Confesion", the guajira "Junto al canaveral" and the pregon-son "Se va el dulcerito". He was the author of a well-known guitar manual.
Manuel Corona (Calbarién 17 June 1880 – Havana 9 January 1950) started his career in a red light district of Havana. Originally a singer-guitarist, he became a prolific composer after his hand was damaged by a pimp's knife. It was a case of "She was a whore, and she had her man, but I loved her". Alberto Villalón (Stgo de C. 7 June 1882 – Havana 16 07 1955) advanced the trova guitar technique and had a hand in the birth of the son septetos.
Garay, Ruiz, Villalón and Corona were known as "the four greats of the trova", but Ibáñez and the following trovadores should be regarded as of equally high stature.
The 20th century.
Patricio Ballagas (Camaguey, 17 March 1879 – Havana, 15 February 1920); Eusebio Delfin (Palmira, 1 April 1893 – Havana, 28 April 1965); María Teresa Vera (Guanajay, 6 February 1895 – Havana, 17 December 1965); Lorenzo Hierrezuelo (El Caney, 5 September 1907 – Havana, 16 November 1993); Joseíto Fernández (September 5, 1908 – October 11, 1979); Ñico Saquito (Antonio Fernandez: Sgo. de C. 1901 – Havana, 4 August 1982); Carlos Puebla (Manzanillo, 11 September 1917 – Havana, 12 July 1989) and Compay Segundo (Máximo Francisco Repilado Muñoz: Siboney, 18 November 1907 – Havana, 13 July 2003) were all great trova musicians. And let's not forget the Trio Matamoros, who worked together for most of their lives. Matamoros was one of the greats.
Most trovadors were creolized, drawing from both Spanish and African traditions and styles even-handedly. There were exceptions. Guillermo Portabales (Cienfuegos 6 April 1911 – San Juan, Puerto Rico 25 October 1970) and Carlos Puebla were mostly in the guajiro tradition, whilst El Guayabero – Faustino Oramas – (Holguín, 4 June 1911 – Holguín, 28 March 2007) was black and funky in style and content. He was the last of the old trova, the oldest working musician in Cuba, at 95, when he died. His double entendres were a joy.
Trova musicians often worked in pairs and trios, some of them exclusively so (Compay Segundo). As the sextetos / septetos / conjuntos grew in popularity many trovadores joined in the larger groups.
The technique of guitar-playing gradually improved; the early trovadors, being self-taught, had rather limited techniques. Later, some tapped into classical guitar techniques to revive the accompaniment of the trova. Guyún (Vincente Gonzalez Rubiera, Stgo de C. 27 October 1908–Havana, 1987) studied under Severino Lopez, and developed a modern concept of harmony, and a way to apply classical technique to popular Cuban music. He became more adventurous, yet still in Cuban vein, and in 1938 stopped performing to devote himself to teaching the guitar. This bore fruit, and two generations of Cuban guitarists bear witness to his influence.
Perhaps the greatest guitarist amongst modern Cuban trovadors is Eliades Ochoa (b. Songo La Maya, Santiago de Cuba, 22 June 1946), the leader of "Cuerteto Patría". Ochoa learnt both Spanish guitar and the Cuban trés; Cuban composer and classical guitarist Leo Brouwer told him that he did not need to learn more about musical technique as he already knew too much! Ochoa plays now with an eight-stringed guitar (a self-designed hybrid of an acoustic six-string and the Cuban trés). Cuerteto Patría includes his brother Humberto Ochoa on guitar, son Eglis Ochoa on maracas, William Calderón on bass, Anibal Avila on claves and trumpet, and Roberto Torres on congas.
Offshoots of the trova.
The trova movement has given rise to offshoots which have grown in the fertile musical earth of Cuba and other Latin-American countries. The following are elements in the trova's great influence:
Filin.
The word is derived from "feeling"; it was a US–influenced popular musical fashion of the late 40s and the 50s. It describes a style of post-microphone jazz-influenced romantic song (crooning). Its Cuban roots were in the bolero and the canción. Some Cuban quartets, such as Cuarteto d'Aida and Los Zafiros, modelled themselves on U.S. close-harmony groups. Others were singers who had heard Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan and Nat King Cole. Filín singers included César Portillo de la Luz, José Antonio Méndez, who spent a decade in Mexico from 1949 to 1959, Frank Domínguez, the blind pianist Frank Emilio Flynn, and the great singers of boleros Elena Burke and the still-performing Omara Portuondo, who both came from the Cuarteto d'Aida.
The filín movement, which originally had a place every afternoon on "Radio Mil Diez", survived the first few years of the revolution quite well, but somehow did not suit the new circumstances and gradually withered, leaving its roots in jazz, romantic song and the bolero perfectly healthy. Some of its most prominent singers, such as Pablo Milanés, took up the banner of the nueva trova.
Nueva trova.
The Cuban Nueva trova dates from the 1967/68, after the Cuban Revolution of 1959, and the consequent political and social changes. It differed from the traditional trova, not because the musicians were younger, but because the content was, in the widest sense, political. Nueva trova is defined, not only by its connection with Castro's revolution, but also by its lyrics. The lyrics attempt to escape the banalities of life (e.g. love) by concentrating on socialism, injustice, sexism, colonialism, racism and similar 'serious' issues. Silvio Rodríguez and Pablo Milanés became the most important exponents of this style. Carlos Puebla and Joseíto Fernández were long-time trova singers who added their weight to the new regime, but of the two only Puebla wrote special pro-revolution songs.
The regime gave plenty of support to musicians willing to write and sing anti-U.S. or pro-revolution songs; this was quite a bonus in an era when many of the traditional musicians were finding it difficult or impossible to earn a living. In 1967 the "Casa de las Américas" in Havana held a "Festival de la canción de protesta" (protest songs). Much of the effort was spent applauding causes that would annoy the U.S. government. Tania Castellanos, a filín singer and author, wrote "¡Por Angela!" in support of Angela Davis. César Portillo de la Luz wrote "Oh, valeroso Viet Nam". These were hot topics of the 1970s, but their topicality declined as time passed.
Nueva Trova, initially so popular, was dealt a blow by the fall of the Soviet Union, though it was already fading. It suffered inside Cuba, perhaps from a growing disenchantment with one-party rule, and externally, from the vivid contrast with the Buena Vista Social Club film and recordings. Audiences round the world have had their eyes opened to the extraordinary charm and musical quality of the older forms of Cuban music. By contrast, topical themes that seemed so relevant in the 1960s and 70s now seem dry and passé; once a theme is no longer topical, the piece rests solely on its musical quality. Those pieces of high musical and lyrical quality, amongst which Puebla's "Hasta siempre" stands out, will probably last as long as Cuba lasts.
Other notables.
Naturally, the musicians featured here are a few notables amongst hundreds of excellent musicians living the same kind of life. No complete list exists, though the musicians listed below have been mentioned in at least one source. After the name, one or two of their best compositions are noted:
Duos, trios, groups.
During a career, a musician may work in many different line-ups. Because of the limited sonority of the guitar, trova musicians preferred small groups, or solo performances. Boleros tend to benefit from two voices, primo and segundo, giving to melodic phrases a richness in contrast with the basic rhythm of the cinquillo.
Duos.
"Guaronex y Sindo": Sindo Garay and his son.
"Floro y Miguel": Floro Zorilla and Miguel Zaballa. Outstanding in their day.
"Floro y Cruz": Floro Zorilla and Juan Cruz. Cruz was a terrific baritone.
"Pancho Majagua y Tata Villegas": Francisco Salvo and Carlos Villegas.
"María Teresa y Zequieira": María Teresa Vera and Rafael Zequeira.
"Dúo Ana María y María Teresa": two female voices, Ana María García and Ma. Teresa Vera. Justa García also sang duo with each of these two women.
"Lorenzo Hierrezuelo and María Teresa Vera".
"José 'Galleguito' Parapar y Higinio Rodríguez".
"Juan de la Cruz y Bienvenido León".
"Manuel Luna y José Castillo".
"Dúo Hermanos Enriso": Enrique 'Chungo' and Rafael 'Nené' Enriso.
"Dúo Luna–Armiñan": Pablo Armiñan (primo) and Manuel Luna (segundo and guitar)
"Dúo Pablito–Castillo": Pablo Armiñan (primo) and Augusto Castillo (segundo).
"Dúo Pablito y Limonta": Pablo Armiñan (voz primo and guitar accompanist) and Juan Limonta (segunda, guitar and author). Extremely popular in Santiago de Cuba in the 1920s.
"Dúo Juanito Valdés y Rafael Enriso".
"Dúo Carbo–Quevedo": Pablo Quevedo (primo) and Panchito Carbó (segundo and guitar).
"Dúo Hermanas Martí": Amelia and Bertha.
"Dúo Sirique y Miguel": Alfredo 'Sirique' González and Miguel Doyble.
"Los Compadres": Lorenzo Hierrezuelo, first with Compay Segundo, then with Rey Caney.

</doc>
<doc id="19261994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19261994" title="Drexel Hill Junction (SEPTA station)">
Drexel Hill Junction (SEPTA station)

Drexel Hill Junction (a.k.a. Shadeland Avenue) is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. It is located near Hillcrest Road & Shadeland Avenue (hence the alternate name), and serves both Routes 101 and 102. Drexel Hill Junction is the last stop where Routes 101 and 102 share the same right-of-way.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. The station has three covered sheds where people can go inside when it is raining, two of which are along the Route 101 line, and one of which is along the Route 102 line. It serves as a stop for both local and express lines. The tracks split between Shadeland and Turner Avenues. A storage track exists between the wye that terminates across from the intersection of Turner and Berry Avenues. No parking is available at this station, and bus connections are limited.
The sheds include an original P&W-era stone shelter on the southeast corner of Shadeland Avenue with a heavy gabled roof and green window frames with no glass. The shelter on the northeast corner of Shadeland Avenue is a square green stucco shelter with both an enclosed and open area, and an angled-roof tilting slightly down towards Hillcrest Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19262002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262002" title="Wielka droga">
Wielka droga

Wielka droga is a 1946 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19262012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262012" title="German submarine U-106">
German submarine U-106

U-106 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19262017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262017" title="Fernando Talaverano Gallegos">
Fernando Talaverano Gallegos

Fernando Talaverano Gallegos, also known as Hernando Talaverano (1563, Spain - † 1619, Chile); lawyer and Spanish administrator, occupied the position of temporary governor of Chile for ten months after the death of Alonso de Ribera, between March 1617 and January 1618.

</doc>
<doc id="19262028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262028" title="ZZ diboson">
ZZ diboson

ZZ dibosons are rare pairs of Z bosons that are extremely difficult to detect. They were first observed by the experiments at the Large Electron–Positron Collider (ALEPH, DELPHI, L3 and OPAL). The first observation in a hadron collider was made by the scientists of DØ collaboration at Fermilab. They are force-carrying particles produced in proton–antiproton collisions at the Tevatron, the world’s second highest-energy particle accelerator (after the CERN Large Hadron Collider). The observation of the ZZ dibosons was announced at a Fermilab seminar on 30 July 2008.
The rarest diboson processes after ZZ dibosons are those involving the Higgs boson, so seeing ZZ diboson is an essential step in demonstrating the ability to see the Higgs boson. ZZ dibosons are the latest in a series of observations of pairs of gauge bosons (force-carrying particles) by DØ and its sister experiment CDF (also at Tevatron).
Final analysis of the data for this discovery was done by a team of international researchers including scientists of American, Belgian, British, Georgian, Italian, and Russian nationalities. The observations began with the study of the already-rare production of W bosons plus photons (); then Z bosons plus photons (); then observation of W pairs (); then a mix of W and Z boson (). The ZZ () is the most massive combination and thus has the lowest predicted likelihood of production in the Standard Model.

</doc>
<doc id="19262035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262035" title="Goritsky Monastery (Goritsy)">
Goritsky Monastery (Goritsy)

The Goritsky Monastery of Resurrection () is a Russian Orthodox convent (female monastery) in the village of Goritsy, Kirillovsky District, Vologda oblast, Russia. The convent is north of the town of Kirillov, Kirillovsky District, which was the site of one of the historically most important (as well as wealthiest) male monasteries in Russia, and to which Tsar Ivan the Terrible, discussed below, had planned to retire. Since the 1970s, the Kirillo-Belozerksy museum-zapovednik of History, Art, and Architecture has operated parts of the Goritsky complex. Parts of Goritsky convent were reopened for religious purposes two decades later, and as of 2011 Goritsky was one of the four acting monasteries in Vologda Oblast, and the only one for religious women.
History.
The Gediminid "Knyaginya" (duchess) Euphrosinia Staritskaya founded the Goritsky convent in 1544, about a decade after her marriage to one of Tsar Ivan the Great's sons (who died imprisoned after a succession rebellion in his name), and two years after the marriage of her only son, Vladimir of Staritsa. In 1563, as the Livonian war with Lithuania, Poland and Sweden led to the Oprichnina, the aristocratic widow was forced to become a nun and kept under house arrest at Goritsky, together with her daughter-in-law, Yevdokiya Staritskaya. Nonetheless, in 1569, Tsar Ivan the Terrible gave orders to drown the two nuns in the nearby Sheksna River. The policy of removing political opponents to religious foundations, common throughout Europe for decades, continued to use the Goritsky convent. In 1586 Anna Koltovskaya, Ivan the Terrible's fourth wife, might also have taken monastic vows and changed her name to Daria at Goritsky, before being transferred to the Vvedensky convent in Tikhvin. Xenia Godunova, the daughter of Tsar Boris Godunov, became the nun Olga at Goritsky circa 1606, before being transferred to the Knyaginin Convent in Vladimir and later burial with her royal family at the Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius.
The convent's most recent famous resident may have been Fool for Christ Asenatha of Goritsky, who died in 1892 (and whom Russian Orthodox faithful continue to remember on April 19).
In the 1920s, the Bolsheviks transformed the convent into an agricultural cooperative where the nuns worked and prayed. In the 1930s it was shut down, and most of the nuns executed. In the 1970s it became part of Kirillo-Belozersky museum-zapovednik of History, Art, and Architecture (based on the Kirillo-Belozersky Monastery). Since the 1990s a small community of nuns started to live in the convent.

</doc>
<doc id="19262043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262043" title="Unknown Men of San Marino">
Unknown Men of San Marino

The Unknown Men of San Marino () is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19262048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262048" title="CCGA">
CCGA

CCGA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19262063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262063" title="Transworld Aviation">
Transworld Aviation

Transworld Aviation was a cargo airline based in Amman, Jordan.
Fleet.
The Transworld Aviation fleet included the following aircraft (as of September 2010):

</doc>
<doc id="19262068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262068" title="Fiamme sul mare">
Fiamme sul mare

Fiamme sul mare is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19262096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262096" title="La grande strada">
La grande strada

La grande strada is a 1948 Italian drama film and the last film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19262106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262106" title="Helmut Witte">
Helmut Witte

Helmut Witte (6 April 1915—3 October 2005) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. As commander of the Type IXC U-boat , he sank twenty-three ships on four patrols, for a total of 119,554 tons of Allied shipping, to become the 20th highest scoring U-Boat ace of World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Witte joined the "Reichsmarine" in April 1934, serving on the light cruiser , the destroyer "Z-22", and on several torpedo boats before transferring to the U-boat arm in July 1940. Witte was 1.WO (second-in-command) on under Günther Hessler, and took part in the most successful patrol of the war in early 1941, during which 14 ships totalling 86,699 tons were sunk.
Witte commissioned in October 1941, and in late 1942 accomplished World War II's fourth most successful patrol, sinking 63,730 tons of shipping. In his four patrols in "U-159" Witte sank 23 ships in all totalling 119,554 GRT. From June 1943 he served in several staff positions.
Post-war.
At the end of the war Witte spent two months as a prisoner of the British. After spells as a farm hand and a factory worker, Witte had a successful business career, and in the 1960s became personnel manager of a large German industrial group. He died in 2005 aged 90.

</doc>
<doc id="19262113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262113" title="Black Star Liner">
Black Star Liner

Black Star Liner were formed in Leeds in 1994, by Choque Hosein, Tom Salmon, and Chris Harrop. Their music consisted of a mix of Asian music (sitar and tabla), dance music and dub reggae.
History.
They formed Soundclash Records to release their initial recordings - "Smoke the Prophets" EP, and "High Turkish Influence". After receiving the single of the week award in the "NME" magazine for "Smoke the Prophets", they recorded three Peel Sessions, the first of which was broadcast in April 1995. 
The Peel session enabled them to secure a recording contract with EXP, which was run by Feargal Sharkey from The Undertones and Richard Norris from The Grid. Their debut album, "Yemen Cutta Connection" was released in September 1996, with a press launch on Dartmoor involving Jimmy Cauty and Bill Drummond from The KLF. The album received critical praise, inciuding album of the week in "The Guardian".
After the demise of EXP, Rob Dickens from WEA signed Black Star Liner, and they recorded their second album "Bengali Bantam Youth Experience", which featured the single "Superfly and Bindi". Again receiving substantial critical acclaim, the album was also nominated for the 1999 Mercury Music Prize. and their live act was also praised.
Labelled as part of the Asian Underground, they worked with Tjinder Singh's Cornershop and are featured in the book, "Brimful of Asia".

</doc>
<doc id="19262148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262148" title="Lope de Ulloa y Lemos">
Lope de Ulloa y Lemos

Lope de Ulloa y Lemos, (*Galicia 1572? - † Concepcion, (Chile), December 8, 1620); Spanish soldier designated by the viceroy of Peru Francisco de Borja y Aragón, Prince of Esquilache, carried out the position of Captain General and Governor of Chile, and president of the Real Audiencia of Chile. His government in Chile lasted for two years, between January 1618 and December 1620, the date of his death. It was believed that he had been poisoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19262156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262156" title="A.S. Atletico Trivento">
A.S. Atletico Trivento

Associazione Sportiva Dilettanti Atletico Trivento was an Italian association football club located in Trivento, Molise.
History.
The club was founded in 1964.
Eccellenza.
Atletico Trvento played for some years the championship of Eccellenza Molise arriving in middle positions at the end of the season. In 2006-2007 Trivento and Olympia Agnonese were the second and the first at the last match. They played the match which finished 1-1 so Olympia Agnonese was promoted in Serie D. In the next season Trivento leaded the championship and finally won the championship. During the season 2007-2008 Trivento won also Coppa Italia Eccellenza Molise and reached semi-finals in the Coppa Italia Eccellenza, after winning with Atessa and with Formia in quarter-finals, being defeated by Hinterreggio, who eventually won the Coppa Italia Eccellenza.
Serie D.
In summer 2012 it does not appeal against the exclusion of Covisod from Serie D and so was excluded from all football.
Colors and badge.
The official color of the society were yellow and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19262158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262158" title="Regional diplomacy">
Regional diplomacy

Regional diplomacy refers to the conduct of relations between states that belong to an identifiable geographic region. Regional diplomacy (RD) has become a strong force in international relations. Globalization and interdependence have made all states aware, that neighborhood cooperation works to mutual benefit. Small countries see the benefit of numbers, for economic and political advantage. Many regions attempt to emulate successful exemplars, such as the EU, and ASEAN, with varying degrees of success. 
Overview.
Regional diplomacy is a form of multilateral diplomacy that is practiced within a closed circle of neighboring states. The term 'region' used in international affairs is a geography-based political construct in that a priory reason exists to determine the contours of a region, and the way a region is defined depends on those that run a particular regional organization. 
Regional diplomacy is of special interest today because in many parts of the world, regional organizations are on the rise, driven by an urge to pursue stronger economic links, and to use this to improve mutual political understanding, and gain in mutual security. The European Union (EU), now consisting of 27 member states, is the world's most advanced practitioner of regional diplomacy, and a role model in most parts of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19262160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262160" title="Goritsky Monastery (Pereslavl-Zalessky)">
Goritsky Monastery (Pereslavl-Zalessky)

The Goritsky Monastery of Dormition () was a Russian Orthodox monastery in Pereslavl-Zalessky, Russia. 
It was supposedly established it early 14th century during the reign of Ivan I of Moscow (Ivan Kalita). No original architecture was preserved. The oldest parts of the current ensemble date to 17-18th centuries. 
The monastery was closed in 1788. In 1919 the Pereslavl-Zalessky Historical Museum was established within its territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19262176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262176" title="German submarine U-110">
German submarine U-110

U-110 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19262215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262215" title="Hanuszka">
Hanuszka

Hanuszka is a 2006 film by Nurit Kedar that tells the true story of a Jewish girl who survived the Holocaust in a convent, where she got to know Pope John Paul II. The film blends blends documentary and narrative elements to tell the atypical story of how Hanna Mandelberger escaped the Warsaw Ghetto.
Summary.
"Hanuszka" uses symbolism as it explores a Jewish girl’s war-time experience that drove her to embrace the Catholic Church. The film shows how Hanna struggles have stayed with her by blending contemporary footage of the grown, real-life Hanna as she travels through Warsaw with a reenacted narrative account of her childhood. Telling the story from two angles, Hanuszka is able to depict both the fear and innocence of a child’s experience and the insights that come with age and reflection.
Before the Germans occupied Poland, Hanna lived a peaceful life with her sister and parents, practicing piano and playing on the train tracks by her house. But after the occupation, they were relocated to the Warsaw ghetto where, Hanna says, there was “nothing, nothing, but dirt, tiles, and bodies, and screaming.” It’s not long before Hanna realizes that the only things separating her from a life among “trees” and “flowers” and “people with brushed hair” are six bricks of the ghetto wall and her Jewish identity.
The kindness of the nuns and priests who take care of Hanna and a child’s normal wish for approval help to draw Hanna into the Catholic faith. Plus, her isolating situation causes her to relate to Jesus and the story of the cross. “I wore the cross,” she says of the Christian symbol of suffering, “it was with me; it was mine.”
Dealing with a topic that’s been controversial for some time, Hanuszka enters the heated debate over what Pope John Paul II did during World War II. Born Karol Wojtyla, he has been both attacked and praised for his actions during the war. Some have accused him of ignoring the Holocaust by escaping into life in the seminary while others argue that he defied the Nazis by smuggling false papers to Jews, helping to put on pro-Jewish plays, and defending those he could. Hanna, for one, is convinced that he was a part of the Polish resistance, and the secret package she was told to deliver to him, in her mind, serves as proof.
Reception.
Regional Jewish organizations in the United States regularly host screening of the film. For example, Jewish Federation of Cincinnati chose "Hanuszka" for the special screening at the Xavier University commemorating 60 years of Israeli independence. Vancouver Jewish Film Festival hosted screenings of the film in 2008.
See also.
Other Documentaries about Children Holocaust survivors:

</doc>
<doc id="19262224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262224" title="A.S.D. Casoli Calcio">
A.S.D. Casoli Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Casoli Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Casoli, Abruzzo. It currently plays in Serie D.

</doc>
<doc id="19262225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262225" title="Andrey Pisarev">
Andrey Pisarev

Andrey Pisarev (Rostov-on-Don, November 6, 1962) is a Russian pianist combining an international concert career with teaching at the Moscow Conservatory, where he serves as a professor.

</doc>
<doc id="19262227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262227" title="Certified Payroll Professional">
Certified Payroll Professional

The Certified Payroll Professional (CPP) designation is an exam-based payroll certification attained by individuals who possess a high level of professional competency through both the acquisition of knowledge and direct payroll experience.
Prior to sitting for the exam, a CPP candidate must verify employment in the payroll profession preceding the exam date. The CPP designation indicates that an individual has the experience and skills necessary to provide strategic payroll management and support to facilitate a company’s overall business goals.
According to Payroll.org's online copy of the CPP "Examination Candidate Handbook" 
ABOUT PEARSON VUE:
The CPP Examination for Payroll Professionals is administered for the APA by Pearson VUE, a leading provider of assessment services to regulatory agencies and national associations, which provides licensing, credentialing, and support services to associations, state agencies, and private industries. Examiners for the payroll examination are hired by Pearson VUE and are unrelated to the field of payroll.
The goals of the APA’s Certified Payroll Professional certification program are:
to promote the standard for payroll professionals, which is accepted by the business community and the public at large;
to encourage professional growth and individual study by the payroll professional; 
to provide the standard of requisite knowledge for the payroll professional; 
to measure by means of the certification examination the attainment and application of that standard; and 
to recognize formally those colleagues who continue to meet the requirements of the APA Certification Board’s CPP Committee.
USE OF CERTIFICATION:
The CPP Examination is voluntary, and certification is conferred by the APA Certification Board’s CPP Committee solely for the purposes stated in this certification handbook. Those persons or organizations who choose to incorporate the CPP Examination as a condition of employment or advancement do so of their own volition. Such persons or organizations must determine for themselves whether the use of such a certification process, including its eligibility and recertification requirements, when coupled with any other requirements imposed by such persons or organizations, meets their respective needs and complies with any laws applicable to them.
THE CONTENT OF THE CPP EXAM:
The CPP Examination is weighted in approximately the following manner:
I. Core Payroll Concepts - 27.5%
II. Compliance - 23% 
III. Principles of Paycheck Calculations - 20% 
IV. Payroll Process and Systems - 8.5% 
V. Accounting - 6% 
VI. Management and Administration - 15%
ATTAINMENT OF CERTIFICATION:
If an examinee passes the CPP Examination and accepts the APA Code of Ethics, they will be entitled to receive a certificate and lapel pin and use the designation “CPP” (Certified Payroll Professional) after their name. 
If a CPP previously attained the Fundamental Payroll Certification (FPC), the FPC and CPP designations may be used simultaneously until the FPC designation expires. At that time, only the CPP designation may be used and recertified.

</doc>
<doc id="19262231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262231" title="Braddock Peak">
Braddock Peak

Braddock Peak is located in Jackson County, Colorado in the Colorado State Forest, east-northeast of Seven Utes Mountain, west of Snow Lake, north of the boundary of Routt National Forest and the Never Summer Wilderness.
It is named for Dr. William A. Braddock (1929–2003), Professor of Geological Sciences at the University of Colorado at Boulder from 1958 to 1994. Dr. Braddock and his students geologically mapped over of the northern Front Range, including the summit named for him. He was the principal author of The Geologic Map of Rocky Mountain National Park. Following his retirement, Dr. Braddock taught the lay public about the geology in and around Rocky Mountain National Park.
Descriptions of hiking routes in this area that predate adoption of the Braddock Peak name refer to this summit as Point 11,960.

</doc>
<doc id="19262242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262242" title="Karel Škorpil">
Karel Škorpil

Karel Václav Škorpil (; 15 May 18599 March 1944) was a Czech-Bulgarian archaeologist and museum worker credited along with his brother Hermann with the establishment of those two disciplines in Bulgaria.
Born in the city of Vysoké Mýto (then "Hohenmauth" in Austria-Hungary, now part of Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic) on 15 May 1859, he finished high school in Pardubice before graduating from the Charles University and the Technical University in Prague. In 1881, he moved to what was then Eastern Rumelia (since 1885 united with the Principality of Bulgaria) to work as a high-school teacher in the Bulgarian cities of Plovdiv (1882-1886), Sliven (1886-1888), Varna (1888-1890, 1894-1915) and Veliko Tarnovo (1890-1894). Since 1894, Karel settled permanently in the port city of Varna on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, where he founded the Varna Archeological Society in 1901 and the Varna Archaeological Museum in 1906, of which he was the director from 1915 to his death. He was also a teacher and lecturer at the Naval Academy and the trade school.
As a young teacher, Karel Škorpil came to be interested in archeology. In a career spanning more than 50 years, he published around 150 works, whether as the sole author or in collaboration with his brother, including 30 in German, Russian and Czech, primarily devoted to Bulgaria. He discovered and headed the excavations of the medieval Bulgarian castles at Pliska, Preslav and Madara; he also unearthed the prehistoric stilt houses in Lake Varna, among others. A member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences and the Bulgarian Archeological Institute, he died in Varna on 9 March 1944 and was buried among the ruins of the old Bulgarian capital Pliska.
All research by the Škorpil brothers was self-funded and all unearthed monuments have been preserved in Bulgaria. A street in Varna where their house is located and the Black Sea village and seaside resort Shkorpilovtsi were named after the brothers. Their hometown Vysoké Mýto is also a twin town of Varna. Škorpil Glacier on Graham Land, Antarctica is named after Karel Škorpil.

</doc>
<doc id="19262254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262254" title="Goritsky Monastery">
Goritsky Monastery

Goritsky Monastery may refer to one of the following monasteries in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19262275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262275" title="Malecon Center">
Malecon Center

The Malecon Center is a complex of skyscrapers in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The complex is divided into four towers: "Malecon 1, Malecon 2, Malecon 3" and Hilton Santo Domingo. The three Malecon towers each with a height of are the second tallest buildings in the Dominican Republic. Each Malecon tower has 31 floors and the Hilton Santo Domingo has 21 floors, for a total of 114 floors in the complex. The buildings were designed by the architecture firm Rodríguez Sandoval.
The three Malecon towers, which were completed in 2003 are for residential use. The fourth tower in the complex, Hilton Santo Domingo is a hotel that was completed in 2004. Also included in the complex is a mall, movie theater and a casino. The complex is located near the shore and overlooks the Caribbean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19262282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262282" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pasadena, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pasadena, California

This is a list of National Register of Historic Places listings in Pasadena, California. As documented in the table below, there are 125 places listed on the Register in Pasadena. Five of these sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks of the United States: Gamble House, the Hale Solar Laboratory, the Rose Bowl, and two sites at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (the Space Flight Operations Facility and the Twenty-Five-Foot Space Simulator).
Pasadena's prominence in the cultural, scientific, architectural and sporting history of Southern California is evidenced by the heavy concentration of registered historic places in a city with a population of 134,000. Although Pasadena's population is 3.5% that of its large neighbor to the south, Pasadena's total of 125 registered historic places compares favorably with the 223 registered historic places in Los Angeles.
The first sites in Pasadena to be listed on the Register were Greene and Greene's American Craftsman masterpiece, the Gamble House (built from 1908 to 1909), the Pasadena Playhouse (built in 1924) and Frank Lloyd Wright's textile block structure, the Millard House (built in 1923). Perhaps most famous for hosting the annual football game at the Rose Bowl, Pasadena was also a center of architectural innovation in the early 20th Century as Greene and Greene built their innovative Craftsman-style bungalow houses and larger-scale ultimate bungalows throughout Pasadena, including the Gamble House, Robert R. Blacker House, Dr. W. T. Bolton House and Cordelia A. Culbertson House. Other architects of note who have designed buildings in Pasadena include Myron Hunt, (Rose Bowl and California Institute of Technology) and Welton Beckett (Bullock's Pasadena).
Pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions, including the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the Pasadena Playhouse and the Norton Simon Museum of Art. Several sites relate to Pasadena's long connection with astronomy and space exploration, including the Space Flight Operations Facility, the Twenty-Five-Foot Space Simulator, and Hale Solar Laboratory. Also, the Edwin Hubble House, home to famed astronomer Edwin Hubble, is located in the adjacent community of San Marino.
Two of Pasadena's historic bridges, the Colorado Street Bridge, built in 1913 and known for its distinctive Beaux Arts arches, light standards, and railings, and the La Loma Bridge, built in 1914, are among the sites listed on the Register.
Thirty-one of Pasadena's listings are historic districts, which include multiple contributing properties. Among these historic districts is Old Town Pasadena, a thriving historic district of shops, bars and restaurants in well-preserved turn-of-the-century buildings with its center at Fair Oaks Avenue and Colorado Boulevard. Other historic districts include the Pasadena Playhouse Historic District, the Pasadena Civic Center District, the Bungalow Heaven Landmark District, the Civic Center Financial District, the Lower Arroyo Seco Historic District, the Orange Heights-Barnhart Tracts Historic District, the Park Place-Arroyo Terrace Historic District, the Prospect Historic District and the South Marengo Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="19262283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262283" title="Pembroke Refinery">
Pembroke Refinery

The Pembroke Refinery is an oil refinery situated on the Pembrokeshire coast in Wales at Rhoscrowther in the community of Hundleton. It first came on stream in 1964. The refinery occupies a prominent position on the south bank of the Milford Haven Waterway and can be seen for many miles. Around a quarter of the site is within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park which was created in 1952.
History.
The refinery came on stream in 1964. It was initially owned by the Regent Oil Company, a large domestic marketer of Trinidad-produced oils. Regent was fully acquired by Texaco in 1956 (although the brand name was only phased out in the UK in favour of Texaco in the late 1960s). Chevron acquired Texaco in 2000. Valero Energy Corporation bought the refinery from Chevron in 2011.
In August 1992, Texaco offered to purchase the entire village of Rhoscrowther which lies immediately adjacent to the refinery. Many of the residents accepted the offer - especially after a large explosion which occurred two years later - which included their properties being purchased at market price plus reasonable expenses. Once the properties were acquired by the refinery, they were demolished. Today, only five houses, a 14th-century church and an abandoned farm are all that remain of Rhoscrowther.
Production units.
The refinery has a fluid catalytic cracking unit that came on stream in 1982. The refinery also has an HF Alkylation unit, catalytic reforming unit and three hydrotreating type units.
Pembroke refinery has the capability of refining high Total Acid Number crude oils like Captain and Doba crudes.

</doc>
<doc id="19262299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262299" title="Pachylemur">
Pachylemur

Pachylemur is an extinct, giant lemur most closely related to the ruffed lemurs of genus "Varecia". Two species are known, "Pachylemur insignis" and "Pachylemur jullyi", although there is some doubt as to whether or not they may actually be the same species. "Pachylemur" is sometimes referred to as the giant ruffed lemur, because although it and the living ruffed lemurs had similar teeth and skeletons, "Pachylemur" was more robust and as much as three to four times larger. DNA studies have confirmed a sister group relationship between these two types of lemur. Like living ruffed lemurs, "Pachylemur" specialized in eating fruit, and was therefore an important seed disperser, possibly for tree species with seeds too large for even ruffed lemurs to swallow. In the spiny thickets of southwestern Madagascar, they were also likely to have dispersed seeds evolved to attach to fur and be carried away. Unlike ruffed lemurs, the fore- and hindlimbs of "Pachylemur" were nearly the same length, and therefore it was likely to be a slow, deliberate climber. However, both used hindlimb suspension to reach fruit on small branches below them.
Like other lemurs, "Pachylemur" was only found on the island of Madagascar, and its subfossil remains have been found primarily at sites in the central and southwestern parts of the island. Fragmentary and indeterminate remains have also been found in northern Madagascar. "Pachylemur" once lived in diverse lemur communities within its range, but in many of these locations, 20% or fewer of the original lemur species remain. "Pachylemur" went into decline following the arrival of humans in Madagascar around 350 BCE. Habitat loss, forest fragmentation, and bushmeat hunting are thought to have been the reasons for its disappearance. "Pachylemur" is thought to have gone extinct between 680–960 CE, although subfossil remains found in a cave pit in southwestern Madagascar may indicate that it survived up until 500 years ago.
"Pachylemur" remains were first described in 1895 by French zoologist Henri Filhol and were originally included in the genus "Lemur", along with the ring-tailed lemur and other close relatives currently classified within the family Lemuridae. In 1948, French paleontologist Charles Lamberton placed the species in the subgenus "Pachylemur", which was recognized as a genus by 1979. However, due to earlier uses of the name "Pachylemur", the priority of an alternative genus name proposed by Guillaume Grandidier in 1905, and errors in Lamberton's 1948 description of the genus, the availability of the name under the rules of zoological nomenclature was considered questionable. In 2011, a petition was filed with the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature to preserve the name.
Evolutionary history.
"Pachylemur" was similar to but significantly larger and more robust than living ruffed lemurs (genus "Varecia"). In addition to their general morphology, studies of their teeth (dental anatomy) also suggest a close relation. In 1953, William Charles Osman Hill noted that the skull of both "P. insignis" and "P. jullyi" (then called "Lemur insignis" and "L. jullyi") resembled that of ruffed lemurs more so than the rest of the lemurs classified in the genus "Lemur" at that time.
Because of the similarities, "Pachylemur" is sometimes referred to as a giant ruffed lemur. In addition to the morphological similarities, molecular studies also support a close relationship. Based on studies of their DNA, "Pachylemur" and ruffed lemurs form the sister group relative to the rest of the lemurs in the family Lemuridae. This sister group itself forms a sister group with the clade (related group) containing brown lemurs ("Eulemur"), the ring-tailed lemur ("Lemur"), the greater bamboo lemur ("Prolemur"), and the lesser bamboo lemurs ("Hapalemur").
Taxonomic classification.
French zoologist Henri Filhol was the first to scientifically describe a species of "Pachylemur"; he named "Lemur insignis" and "Lemur intermedius" in 1895 on the basis of a few subfossil bones. Descriptions of other species now placed in "Pachylemur" quickly followed. In 1899, Guillaume Grandidier named a new genus and species, "Palaeochirogalus jullyi", on the basis of two teeth from Antsirabe, central Madagascar, which he thought similar to dwarf lemurs ("Cheirogaleus"). In 1903, Grafton Elliot Smith placed this species in the genus "Lemur" (as "Lemur jullyi"), and in 1905, Grandidier himself considered the species a synonym of "Lemur insignis".
Meanwhile, in 1904, Herbert F. Standing had named a different species using the same name, "Lemur jullyi", and named another species "Lemur maziensis". He noted similarities between this group and the ruffed lemurs, then considered a single species, "Lemur varius". In 1908, Standing named another species in the group, "Lemur majori", and included his "Lemur maziensis" in "L. jullyi". The name "Pachylemur" was introduced for these animals in 1948 by Charles Lamberton, who grouped "Lemur insignis", "Lemur majori", and "Lemur jullyi" in a subgenus of the genus "Lemur".
Since 1979, "Pachylemur" has generally been regarded as a distinct genus, but some classifications include the genus in "Lemur" or the ruffed lemur genus "Varecia". In a 1982 review, Ian Tattersall recognized two species, "Lemur insignis" and "Lemur jullyi". He did not regard "Pachylemur" as a distinct genus or even subgenus. As Tattersall noted, "Lemur jullyi" Standing, 1904, is preoccupied by "Palaeochirogalus jullyi" Grandidier, 1899, and thus invalid. However, both names are based on material from the central plateau of Madagascar and Tattersall therefore presumed that they belong to the same species, which he could continue to call "Lemur jullyi". Recent classifications recognize "Pachylemur" as a valid genus with two species—"P. insignis" (Filhol, 1895) and "P. jullyi" (Grandidier, 1899)—but express doubt about the distinction between the two species.
There are several nomenclatural problems with the current use of the name "Pachylemur". First, Filhol had himself used the name "Pachylemur" in 1874 for a group of primitive primates, including "Adapis", that he considered intermediate between pachyderms and lemurs. Several other authors mentioned this name in the 19th and early 20th centuries, but it is questionable that any rendered the name available under the rules of zoological nomenclature. Still, this name potentially renders "Pachylemur" Lamberton, 1948, unavailable under the Principle of Homonymy. In addition, the generic name "Palaeochirogalus" Grandidier, 1899, predates "Pachylemur" Lamberton, 1948, by half a century and thus takes precedence under the Principle of Priority, and "Pachylemur" Lamberton is itself unavailable because Lamberton failed to select a type species. To conserve the name "Pachylemur", Jelle Zijlstra, Colin Groves, and Alex Dunkel submitted a petition to the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature in 2011. The petition asks the Commission to suppress the names "Pachylemur" Filhol, 1874, "Pachylemur" Palmer, 1904 (based on Filhol's name), and "Palaeochirogalus" Grandidier, 1899, and to make "Pachylemur" Lamberton, 1948, retroactively available with "Lemur insignis" as its type species.
Anatomy and physiology.
"Pachylemur" resembled the living ruffed lemurs but was three or four times larger, with an estimated body mass of for "P. insignis" and for the larger "P. jullyi". In addition, the skeleton is more robust.
The dental formula is , as in all lemurids. The toothcomb—a comblike structure formed by the lower front teeth, characteristic of lemurs and lorisoids—is similar to that of other lemurids. The two halves of the mandible (lower jaw) do not fuse at the mandibular symphysis. However, there are some differences in tooth morphology from the living brown and ring-tailed lemurs, similar to those between the ruffed lemurs and the other genera. In "Pachylemur", the talonid basin (a basin at the back end of the lower molars) is more elongate, and it is not lined by an entoconid cusp. In the first two upper molars, the lingual cingulum (a shelf on the inner, or lingual, side of the tooth) is expanded towards the front. The two species differ in details of tooth morphology. "P. insignis" had narrower lower premolars and molars, and the buccal (outer) cusps on these teeth are located to the front of their lingual counterparts. Relative to the ruffed lemurs, "Pachylemur" has more massive jaws and larger molars.
The skull of "Pachylemur" is relatively broad, but the orbits (eye sockets) are smaller and oriented more towards the front than in the ruffed lemurs. In the postcranial skeleton, the most distinctive traits of "Pachylemur" are found. It had shorter and more robust limbs than the ruffed lemurs, and the fore- and hindlimbs were closer in length (intermembral index of approximately 97).
Compared to the axial skeleton of ruffed lemurs, the vertebrae of "Pachylemur" had shorter vertebral bodies and the spinous process had less anticliny. The head of its femur (thigh bone) was also relatively large. As of 2001, no bones of the digits had been found for either species.
Behavior.
Based on dental wear and the presence of dental caries, "Pachylemur" was likely a fruit specialist, just like the closely related ruffed lemurs, but unlike most of the other leaf-eating, extinct, giant lemurs of Madagascar. Although it primarily ate fruit, it may have supplemented its diet with leaves and other foliage seasonally. Its teeth were similar in appearance to that of ruffed lemurs, while its molars and uneven dental wear suggest that it ate fewer leaves and more hard fruits and stems than today's brown lemur species.
Because it ate larger, harder, more fibrous fruits than ruffed lemurs, "Pachylemur" was likely an important seed disperser compared to the more folivorous extinct giant lemurs. Within the spiny thickets of southwest Madagascar, only "P. insignis" and "Archaeolemur majori", a type of extinct monkey lemur, are suspected of having been large-seed dispersers, particularly for plants that use a form of photosynthesis known as C3 carbon fixation. The plants that may have depended on these giant extinct lemurs include "Adansonia" (baobabs), "Cedrelopsis", "Commiphora", "Delonix", "Diospyros", "Grewia", "Pachypodium", "Salvadora", "Strychnos", "Tamarindus", and "Uncarina".
Black-and-white ruffed lemurs can swallow seeds with a diameter up to , which is larger than any other living lemur. Having been more than twice as large, "Pachylemur" would have been capable of swallowing even larger seeds. In the case of baobabs, the fruits have large seeds surrounded by a nutritious pulp and may have required seed dispersal through ingestion. In western Madagascar, the genetic diversity of "Commiphora guillaminii" suggests it had more widespread seed dispersal in the past, but today shows signs of more localized diversity when compared to African species within the same genus that have not lost their seed dispersers.
Many small trees and shrubs in the spiny thickets, such as endemic "Uncarina", conserve water by producing seeds with hooks and spines rather than fleshy fruits. These seeds attach themselves to the skin and fur of passing animals for dispersal, and are still dispersed by living lemur species as well as introduced species such as cattle. "Pachylemur" may also have helped disperse seeds in this fashion.
For many years, palaeoanthropologists thought that "Pachylemur" was a ground-dwelling lemur due to its robust postcranial skeleton. Yet more recent analysis of its axial and appendicular skeleton—particularly the vertebrae and femur—suggests that it was a tree-dweller (arboreal). Like the ruffed lemurs, "Pachylemur" was also an arboreal quadruped that frequently exhibited hindlimb suspension in order to reach fruit and leaves on smaller branches. However, "Pachylemur" was a slow, deliberate climber unlike the ruffed lemurs, which leap and bound through the upper canopy. Like the both living lemurs and extinct lemurs, "Pachylemur" likely conserved energy because of its diet, small brain, and slow climbing.
Because its eyes were comparable in size to those of modern day-living (diurnal) lemurs, "Pachylemur" was probably diurnal as well, as were most of the giant, extinct lemurs. However, compared to similarly sized anthropoid primates, its visual acuity was relatively poor.
Distribution and habitat.
The subfossil remains of "Pachylemur" have been found in all regions of Madagascar, except in the eastern rainforests where no subfossil sites are known. The two species are typically found in the spiny thickets and succulent woodlands of southern/southwestern Madagascar ("P. insignis") and the subhumid forests of the central highlands ("P. jullyi"), although other indeterminate or fragmentary remains have been discovered at Ankilitelo Cave in southwestern Madagascar, as well as in the dry deciduous forests at Amparihingidro in the northwest (possibly "P. insignis") and Ankarana in the northern tip of the island (possibly "P. jullyi").
Subfossil sites with "P. insignis" include Andolonomby, Beloha (near Anavoha), Bemafandry, Andrahomana, Manombo-Toliara, Ambolisatra, Ambararata-Mahabo, Ampoza-Ankazoabo, Belo-sur-mer, Lamboharana, Taolambiby, Tsiandroina, and Tsirave in south and southwestern Madagascar. "P. jullyi" has been recorded at Ampasambazimba, Antsirabe, and Morarano-Betafo in the central highlands of Madagascar.
In general, lemur diversity has declined since the arrival of humans due to habitat loss, forest fragmentation, and bushmeat hunting. At some subfossil sites, "Pachylemur" lived alongside as many as 19 or 20 other lemur species, but now as few as 20% of those species remain in those areas.
Extinction.
Humans arrived in Madagascar around 350 BCE, but did not cause the extinction of "Pachylemur" and the other giant lemurs immediately. Instead, many human-related factors, such as habitat loss, forest fragmentation, bushmeat hunting, and the introduction of invasive species, along with the gradual desiccation of certain parts of the island, caused their decline and eventual extinction over more than a millennium. The same factors threaten all living lemur species today.
The initial decline of "Pachylemur" began within 500 years of human colonization, but prior to the establishment of large human settlements. Hunting in the Central Highlands and the spiny thickets likely caused a substantial drop in its population. Large lemurs, including "Pachylemur", survived in the Central Highlands, succulent woodlands, and spiny thickets until around 950 CE. Based on radiocarbon dating of subfossil remains collected as of 2010, the most recent remains of "P. insignis" out of 17 dated specimens came from Ankilibehandry in the succulent woodlands and dated between 680 and 780 CE. Of eight dated specimens, the most recent remains of "P. jullyi" came from Ampasambazimba in the Central Highlands and dated between 620 to 680 CE. "Pachylemur" is generally thought to have gone extinct between 680–960 CE, but remains of "P. insignis" have been found in Ankilitelo Cave (a pit cave in southwestern Madagascar), which is assumed to be less than 500 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19262333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262333" title="Entrepreneur Magazine South Africa">
Entrepreneur Magazine South Africa

Entrepreneur Magazine South Africa is a monthly publication targeted at small and medium business owners operating in the formal sector, published under license from Entrepreneur Media Inc.
Background.
The magazine was launched in South Africa in April 2006 by local publisher and founder of Smart Business Solutions (Pty) Ltd, Andrew Honey. It is also a very useful reading material.
Editorial content.
The editorial mix features mainly medium length "how-to" articles broken into three main categories:
Each issue also carries a number of business case studies and profiles on successful entrepreneurs. Many of the articles carried are written by leading experts in South Africa and the world, notably: 
Awards.
The magazine has received the following industry awards: 

</doc>
<doc id="19262334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262334" title="Andrew Gunn (director)">
Andrew Gunn (director)

Andrew Gunn is a British television director. He was born in Staffordshire and later grew up on Tyneside before attending film school in Surrey and Dorset. He has written and directed several award-winning short films in addition to work in popular television drama.
His graduation film "Mermaids" starred a young Robson Green and won the Young Film-maker award at the Tyneside International Film Festival 1987. Gunn returned to the North East after film school and continued to write and direct short films, most of which were produced and set in Newcastle upon Tyne. "Cafe au Lait" won a regional Royal Television Society commendation in 1994. "Half a Shave", a black comedy based on the short story by Sid Chaplin, starred Frances Tomelty and premiered at the Edinburgh Film Festival in 1996, going on to win a Certificate of Merit at the Chicago International Film Festival. It also won a regional Royal Television Society commendation.
Andrew worked as a highly respected focus puller for many years while trying to achieve his ambition of Directing.
Gunn’s next film "Insomnia" starred Andy Serkis and premiered at the Edinburgh Film Festival. It was subsequently screened worldwide. "Trigger Happy" starred Ian Hart and Christine Tremarco and marked Gunn’s departure from making short films.
Following the success of these films Gunn went on to collaborate with "Smack the Pony" producer Victoria Pile on the pilot episode of the cult drama sit-com "Green Wing". Channel 4 subsequently commissioned two series, the first of which received the Pioneer Audience Award at the BAFTA Television Awards 2005. Although uncredited, Gunn directed numerous scenes in the first episode ("Caroline’s First Day") and co-created the visual and editorial style of the show.
In 2006 Gunn directed two of the most well received episodes in Season 2 of the cult drama-comedy "Life On Mars" starring John Simm and Philip Glenister and went on to direct David Morrissey and Lucy Cohu in the climax to "Cape Wrath" ("Meadowlands" US), the 2007 flagship high-concept thriller for Channel 4 and Showtime.
Gunn also directed the feature-length adaptation of David Almond’s "Clay" for BBC 1, starring Oscar nominee and BAFTA award-winner Imelda Staunton. In 2008 Gunn continued to direct high-concept-high-profile productions, most recently two of the opening episodes of "Survivors", the BBC’s eagerly anticipated re-make of the 1970s cult science fiction drama starring Julie Graham and Max Beesley.

</doc>
<doc id="19262353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262353" title="A.S.D. Elpidiense Cascinare">
A.S.D. Elpidiense Cascinare

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Elpidiense Cascinare is an Italian association football club located in Sant'Elpidio a Mare, Marche. It currently plays in Eccellenza.

</doc>
<doc id="19262356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262356" title="2009 FEI World Cup Jumping Final">
2009 FEI World Cup Jumping Final

The 2009 FEI World Cup Jumping Final was the 31st final of the FEI World Cup Jumping show jumping series. It will be held at the Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States from April 15 to April 19, 2009 for the fifth time following 2000, 2003, 2005, and 2007. Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum of Germany is the defending champion, having won the 2008 final in Gothenburg, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19262363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262363" title="2009 World Allround Speed Skating Championships">
2009 World Allround Speed Skating Championships

The 2009 World Allround Speed Skating Championships were held at the indoor ice rink of the Vikingskipet Olympic Arena in Hamar (Norway) on 7 and 8 February 2009.
The Czech Martina Sáblíková and the Dutch Sven Kramer became world champion.
Martina Sáblíková is the first Czech Allround champion.
Sven Kramer won for the third time. He also won the Dutch Allround and European Allround three times
Other skaters who also won the World Allround Championships three times are:
Women championships.
Allround Results.
NQ = Not qualified for the 5000m (only the best 12 are qualified)DQ = DisqualifiedNS = Not started
Notes
Men championships.
Allround Results.
NQ = Not qualified for the 10000m (only the best 12 are qualified)DQ = disqualifiedNS = Not started* Fall
Rules.
All 24 participating skaters are allowed to skate the first three distances; 12 skaters may take part on the fourth distance. These 12 skaters are determined by taking the standings on the longest of the first three distances, as well as the samalog standings after three distances, and comparing these lists as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19262371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262371" title="David Willson (1778–1866)">
David Willson (1778–1866)

David Willson (1778–1866) was a religious and political leader who founded the Quaker sect known as, 'The Children of Peace' or 'Davidites,' based at Sharon (formerly Hope) in York County, Upper Canada in 1812. As the primary minister to this group, he led them in constructing a series of remarkable buildings, the best known of which is the Sharon Temple, now a National Historic Site of Canada. A prolific writer, sympathizer and leader of the movement for political reform in Upper Canada, Willson and his followers ensured the election of William Lyon Mackenzie, and both "fathers of Responsible Government", Robert Baldwin and Louis LaFontaine, in their riding.
Biography.
Early life.
Born on his parents' rented farm on the Nine Partners' Grant in Dutchess County, New York, Willson was the son of Irish immigrant John Willson (died circa 1794) and his second wife Catherine (1754-1840). David Willson would later describe his parents as having been 'poor but pious Presbyterians'. Following his father's death David Willson lived for a time in New York City and sailed on the "Farmer," a sloop in which his family had invested. He married to Phebe Titus (1777-1866), a member of the Society of Friends, for which she was initially disowned. In 1801, age 23, David Willson and other members of his family, including his widowed mother, younger brother, John (b.1781), and sisters Anne (1786-1824) and Mary (c.1792-1858), followed the example of his elder half brother, Hugh (1768-1828), and emigrated to Upper Canada. They settled in East Gwillimbury Township in York County.
Willson joined the Yonge Street Meeting of the Society of Friends (in what is now Newmarket) in 1805, and "served them according to their laws and discipline for seven years in all good faith and practice of the society, still retaining [his secret impressions as sacred from the ears of all flesh." Quakers adhered to a strict "Discipline" on their behaviour, but had no fixed creed. Ministry was spontaneous, as called by the "inner light" of God who made "secret impressions" on the believers mind. During this period, Willson did not minister, but served as an active overseer and record keeper, as well as donating the land for a meeting house (church) on his farm.
Willson underwent a spiritual transformation in 1812 that led to he and several of his sympathizers being expelled from the Society of Friends. Willson was particularly concerned to take up the Society's peace testimony "from where George Fox (the founder of Quakerism) left it, and raise it so high, that all the Kingdoms of the Earth should see it." He established the 'The Children of Peace,' which espoused ideas and doctrines at odds with orthodox Quaker beliefs; in particular, he was accused of denying the divinity of Christ. The development of the Children of Peace mirrors that of a later, broader schism in the Society of Friends into "Orthodox" and "Hicksite" Quakers.
Minister to the Children of Peace.
The sect was centred upon the Willson farm and Willson increasingly became the main spiritual and community leader. Involvement in Reform politics brought Willson and his community into direct conflict with the political establishment of the province, in particular Bishop John Strachan of Toronto.
Much of Willson’s belief and behaviour cannot be understood except in reaction to the government-supported “hireling clergy” of the colonial Church of England. Willson’s refusal to accept a salary as a minister stood out against the Anglican control of the funds from the Clergy Reserves, the special grant of one seventh of all land in the province rented out for the support of the “official” Church. He dressed in rags in imitation of Christ, and in contrast to the expected demeanour of an ordained minister of God’s word. His pride in his lack of formal schooling — “my education was bounded by one year, and a considerable part of that time almost in my infancy” — was in sharp contrast to the university education of the Anglican clergy.
Willson was a homespun preacher: a man of the people and defender of their interests against the tightly knit establishment of merchants, official clergy and government. This “Family Compact” in turn accused him of losing “sight of affairs of a spiritual nature and expiating upon those of a worldly sort.” An extension of his concern for the poor was his efforts to build a cooperative economy in the village of Hope that he had founded. Many of the new settlers in the province, immigrants from the south infused with republican idealism, found in Willson a palatable, if somewhat eccentric, alternative to the aristocratic pretensions of the British Colonial administration and the closely associated Church of England.
During the 1830s, he was described as of "middle stature, about sixty years of age, a healthy looking man; he squints much, and has a flat heavy appearance. He, in common with the whole of the sect, wears a homespun blueish mixture: his walk is peculiar, - he appears to move as if he were pulling his legs after him; his speech has a strong nasal twang."
Reform politician.
Party Organizer.
Although captivated by visions of equality, the Children of Peace lived in an autocratic colony. They inspired other settlers to fight for democracy within a loose-knit "Reform Movement" of disenchanted farmers and tradesmen. David Willson had long been an active political figure ensuring the election of William Lyon Mackenzie in their Riding.
Mackenzie travelled to England to petition his unjust expulsion from the Legislative Assembly in 1832. He returned in the last week of August, 1833, to find his appeals to the British Parliament had been ultimately ineffective. At an emergency meeting of Reformers, David Willson proposed extending the nomination process for members of the House of Assembly they had begun in Hope to all four Ridings of York, and to establish a "General Convention of Delegates" from each riding in which to establish a common political platform. This convention could then become the core of a "permanent convention" or political party - an innovation not yet seen in Upper Canada. The organization of this convention was a model for the "Constitutional Convention" Mackenzie organized for the Rebellion of 1837, where many of the same delegates were to attend.
The Convention was held on 27 February 1834 with delegates from all four of the York ridings. The week before, Mackenzie published Willson's call for a "standing convention" (political party). The day of the convention, the Children of Peace led a "Grand Procession" with their choir and band (the first civilian band in the province) to the Old Court House where the convention was held. David Willson was the main speaker before the convention and “he addressed the meeting with great force and effect”. The convention nominated 4 Reform candidates, all of whom were ultimately successful in the election. The convention stopped short, however, of establishing a political party. Instead, they formed yet another Political Union, the Canadian Alliance Society. It was a petitioning organization. The first of the petition movements initiated by the Canadian Alliance Society was a call to form a “Provincial Loan Office.” This was a source of loans for pioneer farmers hard pressed to meet expenses in bad years; its inspiration lay with the credit union formed by the Children of Peace in 1832.
As several members of Willson's sect, including two of his sons, participated in the armed rebellion in 1837, there was some discussion of destroying the community's meeting houses and its iconic Sharon Temple. Willson remained a key political leader in the Fourth Riding of York, a Riding that was to rise to national importance for electing both "fathers of Responsible Government", Robert Baldwin and Louis LaFontaine. These men led the fight for independence from colonial rule and an independent legislature.
Struggle for Responsible Government.
Willson managed Baldwin's election in 4th York and he 'walked over the course without a contest,' thus becoming the first member to be elected to the United Parliament of the Province of Canada. He was also later returned in Hastings. Although Baldwin was elected in two seats in Canada West, reformers were in the minority. In Canada East, gerrymandering and Orange Order violence were used to prevent the election of Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine, leader of the French reformers in Terrebonne, outside Montreal. In order to ensure LaFontaine a seat, Baldwin proposed to Willson that they nominate LaFontaine for the seat in 4th York.
On 3 September 1841, Willson and the Children of Peace held a campaign rally for Baldwin and LaFontaine in their Temple, where they rejoiced "to say that we have it in our power to show our impartial respect to the Canadian people of the Lower Province." Despite threats of Orange Order violence, LaFontaine was elected as representative of 4th York.
However, before LaFontaine could take up his seat, Governor Sydenham died. His replacement, Sir Charles Bagot, was not able to form a mixed cabinet of Reformers and Tories, and so he was forced to include the "French party" under LaFontaine. LaFontaine refused to join the Executive Council unless Baldwin was also included. Bagot was finally forced to accede in September, 1842, and when he became severely ill thereafter, Baldwin and Lafontaine became the first real premiers of the Province of Canada. In order to take office as ministers, the two had to run for re-election. While LaFontaine was easily re-elected in 4th York, Baldwin lost his seat in Hastings as a result of Orange Order violence. It was now that the pact between the two men was completely solidified, as LaFontaine arranged for Baldwin to run in Rimouski, Canada East. This was the union of the Canadas they sought, where LaFontaine overcame linguistic prejudice to gain a seat in English Canada, and Baldwin obtained his seat in French Canada.
They resigned in November 1843, beginning a constitutional crisis that would last a year. This year-long crisis, in which the legislature was prorogued, “was the final signpost on Upper Canada’s conceptual road to democracy. Lacking the scale of the American Revolution, it nonetheless forced a comparable articulation and rethinking of the basics of political dialogue in the province.”
Baldwin and LaFontaine's administration was forced to resign in 1843. Baldwin now established a “Reform Association” in February, 1844, to unite the Reform movement in Canada West to explain their understanding of responsible government before the expected election. Twenty-two branches were established. A grand meeting of all branches of the Reform Association was held in the Second Meeting House of the Children of Peace in Sharon. It was ultimately to serve as the springboard for Baldwin’s successful candidacy in 4th York. Baldwin had been at a loss about where to run after his loss in Hastings. Orange mobs continued to rule out any chance in Hastings, or in 2nd York, where he had lost to Orange leader George Duggan. LaFontaine, in yet another act of friendship, gave up his seat representing 4th York, thus allowing the desperate Baldwin to run there. David Willson, having arranged for the Reform Association rally during the illumination ceremony, now became Baldwin’s campaign manager. It was reported that over three thousand people attended this June rally for Baldwin.
Having weathered these storms the sect continued although changing demographics, the establishment of other religious denominations and other factors led to the sect's gradual decline. Following Willson's death in 1866 the sect continued until ceasing to function by the end of the 1880s.
Theologian and hymnodist.
As an offshoot of the Society of Friends, the Children of Peace shared most Quaker belief, especially in the innate presence of God (the "inner light") in every person. Like the Quakers, they practiced a spontaneous ministry, and eschewed a "hireling clergy." David Willson was thus never their paid minister, and he never, in fact, entered the Temple during the monthly alms ceremony there. Like the Quakers, they also rejected any written creed or tests of faith: "We have no written creed, and therefore we have no image to quarrel about, or literal rule to argue for, we are against nobody, but for all."
Willson, however, did receive "impressions on the mind", visions calling him to "ornament the Christian Church with the glory of Israel." He interpreted this as a call to rebuild Solomon's Temple as the new Jerusalem. During the 1830s, his preaching became more millenarian, prophesying the coming of a Messiah who would overthrow the British empire and establish God's kingdom on earth. He viewed his small group as the new Israelites lost in the wilderness of Upper Canada, who the new Messiah would come to lead. These views are most clearly expressed in two works published in 1835, "Impressions of the Mind" and "Letters to the Jews".
After the Rebellion of 1837, Willson's theological work became more quietist, focusing on the experience of God in the individual believer's mind. This emphasis is found in "Mysteries of the Mind" (1858).
Willson had been writing hymn stanzas since the inception of his ministry in 1812. These were recorded in manuscript "Books of Sacred Record". After the Children of Peace shifted musical styles to congregational singing, Willson produced a series of hymnals for the group.

</doc>
<doc id="19262384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262384" title="National Payroll Week">
National Payroll Week

National Payroll Week (NPW) is a national awareness campaign held annually during the week of Labor Day, hosted by the American Payroll Association (APA) in the United States, the Chartered Institute of Payroll Professionals (CIPP) in the UK and the Canadian Payroll Association in Canada. The campaign has two aspects, first as a national awareness campaign to recognize the efforts of professionals in the payroll industry. It is also an educational campaign designed to help workers learn more about their paychecks, the payroll withholding system, and payroll-related benefits.
The campaign is also known for its highly visible “Getting Paid In America” online survey. The survey is available yearly from early May through the end of National Payroll Week, and one participant is chosen to win a grand prize of a free paycheck and trip to Las Vegas. The survey is meant to help the APA evaluate current payroll methods and also to identify trends within the payroll industry. Results from the survey have been quoted in numerous locations including USA Today and the New York Times.
Awareness.
The NPW slogan, AMERICA WORKS BECAUSE WE’RE WORKING FOR AMERICA illustrates the importance of the payroll withholding system to the American way of life. The week celebrates the unique partnership among America's workers, companies, the payroll professionals who pay us, and critical government programs their contributions support such as social security, Medicare, fair labor standards, and child support. Through the payroll withholding system, payroll professionals contribute, collect, report and deposit approximately $1.7 trillion, or 64.2%, of the annual revenue of the U.S. Treasury.
To build awareness of the important role payroll professionals play in America’s economy, the American Payroll Association employs a number of methods including extensive media and advertising campaigns. Media pushes have resulted in highly visible placements for the campaign, including stories in the Associated Press, on the CBS Early Show, and many other outlets. The annual advertising campaign promotes NPW in leading publications, websites and TV stations before and during National Payroll Week.
Government recognition.
In 2007, Shirley Fanning-Lasseter, mayor of Duluth, Georgia, proclaimed September 3 to 7 as “National Payroll Week” in the City of Duluth.
In 2003, Elvy Robichaud, then the Health and Wellness Minister and Minister Responsible for the Office of Human Resources for the province of New Brunswick, Canada, issued a press release to announce "his support and recognition" of National Payroll Week.
Media recognition.
In 1999, the Dayton Daily News published an article on National Payroll Week. In 2007, Jet published an article.
Educational campaign.
APA’s 152 chapters 
and its members head out into their local communities to teach workers and teens all about their paychecks and payroll-related benefits during National Payroll Week. The educational efforts focus on helping employees better manage their paychecks to put more money in their pockets each payday.
Money Matters National Education Day is a national volunteer effort by APA members to teach teens new to the workforce or about to enter the workforce all about
their paychecks.
See also.
American Payroll Association

</doc>
<doc id="19262391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262391" title="John Altman">
John Altman

John Altman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19262396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262396" title="Davie Rae">
Davie Rae

David 'Davie' Rae is the Scottish Chairman of Queen of the South in Dumfries. Rae is the third of three chairman to rebuild and revitalise the Dumfries club from the mid-1990s, replacing the previous regime under which the club had gone into stagnation and decline from the late 1960s.
Queens pre Rae.
A retired farmer, Davie Rae became chairman of Queen of the South when Ronnie Bradford stepped down due to ill health in June 2003. Bradford's predecessor, Norman Blount had taken over Queen of the South in April 1994. Under the previous regime Queens had been in stagnation and decline since the late 1960s. Blount immediately set about modernising and rebuilding the club. Very quickly new ideas came along that showed that the club was in a new era:-
The highlight on the pitch of the Blount regime was Queens making it to the final of the Scottish Challenge Cup for the first time. This was in 1997 where a battling Queens side lost out by 1-0 to Falkirk. Man of the match was Queens' Tommy Bryce. However in November 1999 Blount candidly announced that he felt that he had taken the club as far as he could and resigned from being chairman.
Two time divisional player of the year Andy Thomson was transferred for a Queens record fee of £250,000 in 1994. As Thomson was to say on his return over a decade later, "Things have changed quite a bit while I've been away - a new stand, a completely new set-up and a more modern type of training system". Thomson added, "Norman Blount was an excellent chairman."
The chairmanship was taken over by Ronnie Bradford who continued the progressive ambition started under Blount. It was under Bradford that the seeds at 'New Queens' further came to fruition, namely:-
Ronnie Bradford left due to ill health in June 2003. The chairmanship was taken over by Davie Rae.
The Rae regime.
Queens progressed to the 2006-07 Scottish Cup quarter final before losing 2-1 to Hibernian. At the end of that season Davie Rae announced that Queens were to go full-time for the 2007-08 season. This was to produce remarkable success.
Queens surpassed the 2006-07 Scottish Cup run by progressing beyond the quarter finals and then eliminating Aberdeen in the 2007-08 semi final. In the club's first ever Scottish Cup cup final Queens went down 3-2 to Rangers but still qualified for the 2nd qualification round of the UEFA Cup. After an injury plagued start to the season Queens recovered to finish fourth in the second tier of Scottish football.
In the 2008-09 UEFA Cup second qualification round Queens were eliminated after a battling away leg against FC Nordsjælland in Denmark.
Players to have signed for Queens during the Rae regime include Jamie MacDonald (capped for Scotland under 21s while at Queens), Steve Tosh, Neil MacFarlane and Stephen Dobbie.

</doc>
<doc id="19262401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262401" title="East Riding County Football Association">
East Riding County Football Association

The East Riding County Football Association is the governing body of football in the East Riding of Yorkshire and the city of Hull, England. The East Riding runs a number of county cup competitions at different levels for its affiliated teams.
History and organisation.
In 2002, the East Riding County Football Association celebrated their first 100 years since being formed in 1902. Before the formation of the County, football in the area was under the jurisdiction of a Hull & District FA and the Scarborough & East Riding FA.
On 10 February 1902, the Football Association issued ‘the Recommendations of a Commission appointed to enquire into the position of the Yorkshire Associations’. The recommendations came into effect on 1 May 1902 forming the new East Riding of Yorkshire FA – “the area to be the East Riding of York. The present Hull and District Association to change its name and take control of the area.” 
During the last 100 years, the County has administered football in the area in an efficient manner with the stewardship in the hands of willing and able volunteers, with a steady increase in the number of clubs, but very few landmarks – the foremost possibly being the introduction of Sunday football in the early fifties.
However, the FA led expansion of football at all levels has seen dramatic changes in recent years. For the first time an office was set up with full time paid staff – previously being administered from officers’ homes.
The Association became a Limited Company in 1999 and in 2001 a full time Football Development Officer appointed. The role of the County FA continues to expand with football development, child protection and facilities strategy just a few initiatives. Whilst we celebrate 100 years, the next few years will see some dramatic changes and we look forward with excitement to the new developments.
The ECRFA are in the process of completing their new Headquarters built at Inglemire Lane.
Affiliated leagues.
Other Leagues.
Source
Small Sided Leagues.
Source
Disbanded or amalgamated leagues.
Leagues that were affiliated to the East Riding County FA but have disbanded or amalgamated with other leagues include:
The East Riding County FA was founded in 1902, there was a ‘Scarborough and East Riding FA’ for 20 years before that.
THE EAST YORKSHIRE FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION WOLDS LEAGUE CUP 1902-03 
WOLDS DISTRICT LEAGUE. A special meeting of the executive of the Wolds District (Association) League was held at Middleton, on 
Saturday night, the Rev. F. Castallane in the chair. Mr. R. B. Soanes was elected hon. secretary, in the room of the Rev. J. Hare, who is leaving the district. Mr. Hugh Brooksbank, who has given a cup for competition, declined to have it named after him, and it was therefore decided to call it the Middleton and District Cup, The first round of the Cup-ties was to have been played on Saturday, but was postponed on account of the hard state of the ground.
Affiliated member clubs.
Among the notable clubs that are affiliated to the East Riding County FA are:
County Cup competitions.
The East Riding County FA run the following Cup Competitions:
Source
List of recent East Riding County Cup Winners.
Source – The "Country" cups are only open to those clubs outside the boundaries of the city of Hull.

</doc>
<doc id="19262410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262410" title="Roy Cooke">
Roy Cooke

Roy Cooke is a professional poker player, poker consultant and author living in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia, April 12, 1957. He spent his childhood in Derby, England and Bellevue, Washington. Before taking up poker full-time he attended the University of Washington where he majored in Computer Science.
Cooke has been a licensed Real Estate Broker in Las Vegas since 1990 He is a member of the Summerlin chapter of Toastmasters, of which he was president in 2006. He is married to the former Francine Piano (Misty). They have one daughter, Krystle, born on August 16, 1992.
Poker career.
Cooke started playing poker in public cardrooms as a 15 year old in Washington State in 1972. He took up the game full-time in 1975. Through the 70s and early 80s he was a nomadic player—a rounder—traveling from town-to-town looking for games in Idaho, Montana, Washington, Oregon, Alaska and Reno, Nevada.
In 1984 Cooke moved to Las Vegas, Nevada. He has played regularly with many WSOP champions including Johnny Moss, Berry Johnston, Tom McEvoy, Carlos Mortenson, Scotty Nguyen, Daniel Negreanu and Phil Hellmuth.
The game Cooke most frequently plays is Limit Texas Hold’em, although he forays somewhat regularly into No-Limit Hold’em. He has played almost 65,000 hours of poker live and online.
Author.
Since 1992 Cooke has, with his collaborator and co-author John Bond, written a poker column, Real Poker, for CardPlayer Magazine, where he is Senior Columnist. It is reputedly the longest continuously running poker feature in the world.
The forewords to Cooke and Bond’s books have been written by major poker figures David Sklansky, Mike Caro, Linda Johnson, Mike Sexton, Daniel Negreanu, Chris Ferguson and Phil Gordon.
Poker Consulting.
From 1999-2005 Cooke was the cardroom manager of the world’s first real money Internet poker room, Planet Poker founded in 1998 by Randy Blumer of Victoria, British Columbia. Planet Poker turned to Cooke and fellow poker personality Mike Caro (known as The Mad Genius of Poker) to give the poker site credibility. While at Planet Poker, Cooke designed most of the protocols which are the foundation of the industry standard for protection against collusion.
Cooke has served as a private consultant to a number of Internet poker sites and been a featured speaker on marketing and anti-collusion protocols for poker sites at industry trade shows sponsored by River City Group, including the Global International Gaming Expo (GIGSE) in Montreal (2005–2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19262438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262438" title="John Adikes Bond">
John Adikes Bond

John Adikes Bond is an author, attorney, poker player, political activist and real estate developer born in Jamaica, New York January 14, 1955. He grew up in Massapequa and Port Washington, New York before moving to South Florida in 1972. He currently resides between Dania Beach, Florida and Andros Island, the Bahamas. He is the eldest of five children; his brother James Alexander Bond is a theatre director in New York City.
From February, 1992-July, 2010 Bond co-authored with his collaborator and co-author Roy Cooke, a poker column, Real Poker, for Card Player Magazine. It is the longest continuously running poker feature in the world.
Bond was the developer of Atlantis the Water Kingdom which became the Six Flags Atlantis water theme park in Hollywood Florida from 1979-1983.
Author.
Bond’s short story "T-Bird", originally published in the collection Miami Noir (Les Standiford, ed.) by Akashic Press, was chosen for Best American Mystery Stories 2007, (Carl Hiaasen, ed.) A second mystery story, "Trapped", set in the same world of Miami's underground poker circuit, appeared in the 2010 crime story collection Florida Heat Wave (Michael Lister, editor.)
Bond was editor of the twice-weekly newspaper The Beach Journal (renamed the Atlantic Journal) from 1977-1979.
In the 1980s he served as editor of the Broward Sierra News and BROWBEAT, the Broward Mensa journal.
Bond has numerous miscellaneous publications including The Practical Real Estate Lawyer, FloridaBookReview.Com, Tropic Magazine of The Miami Herald, Miami Magazine and the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel (Travel Section). He was a contributing real estate columnist for The Miami Herald from 1990-1993.
The forewords to Cooke and Bond’s books have been written by major poker figures David Sklansky, Mike Caro, Linda Johnson, Mike Sexton, Daniel Negreanu, Chris Ferguson, and Phil Gordon.
Political Activity.
Bond worked in the late 1970s for National Projects, owned by Miami lobbyist Stephen Paul Ross. He co-managed political campaigns for Nikki Beare for the Florida House of Representatives (1974), Elayne Weisburd the first woman elected to the Miami Beach City Commission (1977) and civil rights pioneer Reverend Theodore Gibson the first African-American elected to the Miami City Commission (re-election campaign, 1977).
Bond was Vice President of Dade County Young Democrats (1977). He was a member of the Broward County Democratic Executive Committee (1980–82) and Vice President of the Hollywood (FL) Democratic Club (1982).
Bond ran unsuccessfully for the Florida House of Representatives (1980) and Hollywood City Commission (1982.)
Bond was a member of the Finance Committee of the Steve Pajcic for Governor Campaign (1986) and John Glenn for President Campaign (1983–84). On the Glenn campaign he worked closely with Glenn’s wife Annie Glenn and Bond’s Fort Lauderdale neighbor, Apollo astronaut Donn Eisele. Together Bond and Eisele raised almost a quarter million dollars for Glenn.
Other Interests.
Bond was one of the first Florida attorneys Board-certified in Real Property law. He served on the Board of Directors of the Florida Association of Realtors (1989–93) and was the South Broward Board of Realtors Realtor of the Year (1992).
Bond became a Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) Open Water SCUBA Instructor in 1983. He achieved PADI's highest rating, Course Director (Instructor Trainer) in 1986. In the 1970s and 80s he served intermittently as a divemaster at Small Hope Bay Lodge the first dive resort in the Bahamas. Bond is a USCG licensed commercial boat captain.
Education.
Paul D. Schreiber Public High School, 1972
BA, (Anthropology) University of Miami, 1975
JD University of Miami School of Law, 1978
Certification in Data Processing, Prospect Hall College, 1981
Certification, Spanish Language, Universidad Internacional, 1983 
American Film Institute Screenwriting Program, 1996
MFA (Creative Writing) Florida International University, 2001

</doc>
<doc id="19262439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262439" title="CAW Local 444">
CAW Local 444

The Canadian Auto Workers, Local 444 (CAW Local 444) was an amalgamated local union affiliated to the Canadian Auto Workers (CAW) national union. Originally founded in 1942 as the Chrysler Division of UAW Local 195, Local 444 became a stand-alone union (then affiliated with the U.S.-based United Auto Workers) in 1956. In 2013, the Canadian Auto Workers union and the Communications, Energy and Paperworkers union merged to form a new union call Unifor. CAW Local 444 became Unifor Local 444.
Based in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, CAW Local 444 represented around 4600 Chrysler Canada employees who work at the company's Windsor assembly plant, as well as a number of other Windsor-area employers including Caesars Windsor casino, Dakkota Integrated Systems, HBPO Canada, Integram Seating (Magna International), Johnson Controls, Oakley Sub Assembly Windsor, Presteve and Etna Foods, TransAlta Energy and TRW Automotive.
Prominent members.
The last president of Local 444 was Rick Laporte. Laporte replaced Ken Lewenza, Sr., after the latter was elected to become the CAW's National President in September, 2008. Buzz Hargrove, Lewenza's immediate predecessor as national president, was also previously a member of Local 444. Ken Lewenza, Jr., another Local 444 member and the son of former local president, now national president, Lewenza Sr., was a member of Windsor City Council until losing his seat on October 25, 2010. His loss was seen to be part of a rejection by voters of union dominance in local politics. 
The first President of Local 444, Charles Brooks, lead the Local 444 from 1956 until his death by assassination in 1977 Chrysler Motors employee.

</doc>
<doc id="19262452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262452" title="List of radio stations in Japan">
List of radio stations in Japan

The list of radio stations in Japan lists all the national/regional radio stations in Japan.
Because of governmental regulation, Japan has a relatively small number of radio stations. Japan also has a comparatively smaller number of radio listeners nationwide than most other developed countries as well as countries in the geographic region. This is because of several factors, including the cultural difference in perception of radio, the fact that cars in Japan come with dashboard televisions fitted as standard, as well as general disinterest in the medium among working younger audiences compared with other mediums, especially television. Generally, each prefecture has three NHK stations, one private AM station, and one private FM station. Heavily populated areas, such as Kantō region or Kansai region, have more stations. 
The stations with "TV" signs also broadcast television. Many stations have multiple frequencies (repeaters).
Networks.
All networks are broadcast in Japanese, except MegaNet and AFN.
Military.
"Whole Hokkaidō:"
Sapporo area.
"Ishikari Subprefecture, Shiribeshi Subprefecture, middle and southern Sorachi Subprefecture"
Muroran area.
"Iburi Subprefecture and Hidaka Subprefecture"
Hakodate area.
"Oshima Subprefecture and Hiyama Subprefecture"
Asahikawa area.
"Kamikawa Subprefecture, northern Sorachi Subprefecture, Rumoi Subprefecture and Sōya Subprefecture"
Obihiro area.
"Tokachi Subprefecture"
Kushiro area.
"Kushiro Subprefecture and Nemuro Subprefecture"
Kitami - Abashiri area.
"Abashiri Subprefecture"
Kantō region.
"Whole Kantō region:"
Chūbu region.
Chūkyō area.
"Aichi Prefecture, Gifu Prefecture and Mie Prefecture"
Kansai region.
"Whole Kansai region (except Mie Prefecture):"
Nation-wide stations.
"Some stations have multiple channels."
Community FM stations.
From 1992, community FM stations are allowed on municipal level. As of 2008, there are roughly 228 community FM stations across Japan. See :ja:コミュニティ放送局一覧 for the full listing.
Community FM stations with English articles include:

</doc>
<doc id="19262457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262457" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol

The women's 10 metre air pistol competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held on 17 September. Tao Luna equalled the Olympic record of 390 points in the qualification round, and won 1.7 points ahead of Jasna Šekarić. The host nation won the bronze medal through Annemarie Forder.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
DNF Did not finish – EOR Equalled Olympic record – Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="19262463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262463" title="Name of Greece">
Name of Greece

The name of Greece differs in Greece in comparison with the names used for the country in other languages and cultures, just like the names of the Greeks. The Greeks call the country "Hellas" or "Ellada" () and its official name is Hellenic Republic. In English, however, the country is usually called Greece, which comes from Latin "Graecia" (as used by the Romans) and literally means 'the land of the Greeks'. 
Origin.
The English name "Greece" and the similar adaptations in other languages derive from the Latin name "Graecia", literally meaning 'the land of the Greeks', which was used by the Romans to denote the area of modern day Greece. Similarly, the Latin name of the nation was "Graeci", from which the English name "Greeks" originates. These names in turn trace their origin from "Graecus", the Latin adaptation of the Greek name "Γραικός", which means 'Greek' but its etymology remains uncertain. It is unclear why the Romans called the country Graecia and its people Graeci. In Arabic "الإغريق" or "alegreek" is the name of the old Greeks, while the Greeks called their land Hellas and themselves Hellenes, and several speculations have been made. William Smith notes in the "Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography" that people are frequently called by foreigners by a name different from their native one.
Aristotle was the first to use the name "Graeci" (Γραικοί) in "Meteorology", saying that the area about Dodona and Achelous was inhabited by the Selli and a people formerly called Graeci, but at his time Hellenes. From this statement of Aristotle it is asserted that the name of Graeci was at one period widely spread in Epirus and the western coast of Greece in general, hence it became the one by which the Hellenes were known to the Italic peoples on the opposite side of the Ionian Sea. According to Hesiod, in his work "Catalogue of Women", Graecus was the son of Pandora and Zeus; he gave his name to the people who followed the Hellenic customs, while his brother Latinus gave his name to the Latins. In "Ethnica", Stephanus of Byzantium also states that from Graecus, the son of Thessalus, the Hellenes derived the name of "Graeci".
List of names in other languages.
In these languages, the name of Greece has a common "gr" initial. The root of all of these was Graecus in Latin, and was also the ancient name that the Romans used for the Greeks:
Greek=Eλλάδα
Italian=Grecia
In these languages, the common root is "yun" or "ywn". It is borrowed from the Greek name "Ionia", the Greek region of Asia Minor:
The third root is "hl", used by a few languages around the world, including Greek:
In the Georgian language, the root for "Greek" is "-berdz-", so "Greece" is "Saberdzneti", "საბერძნეთი". The same root is adopted in Abkhazian: "Барзентәыла" ("Barzent°yla").
In the Chechen language, the name is "Джелтимохк" ("Džieltimohk")
Bibliography.
Primary sources
Secondary sources

</doc>
<doc id="19262469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262469" title="Hermann Škorpil">
Hermann Škorpil

Václav Hermen(e)gild Škorpil (; 8 February 185825 June 1923) was a Czech-Bulgarian archaeologist and museum worker credited along with his brother Karel with the establishment of those two disciplines in Bulgaria, as well as a geologist, botanist, architect and librarian.
Born in the city of Vysoké Mýto (then "Hohenmauth" in Austria-Hungary, now part of Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic) on 8 February 1858, he finished high school in Chrudim and Pardubice and graduated from the Technical University in Prague and in natural sciences from the University of Leipzig. From 1880 to 1906 he was a teacher at various Bulgarian cities: Plovdiv, Sofia, Sliven, Rousse and Varna, teaching natural history, geography, zoology, botany, arithmetic and the German language. He was the author of the first geologic map of Southern Bulgaria. In 1884, he founded a museum in Sliven, as well as a museum of natural sciences in Rousse in 1902. From 1906 to his death, he was the curator of the Varna Archaeological Museum. He died in the city where he spent much of his life with his brother, the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast port of Varna, on 25 June 1923. He was buried in an area near the city where he had unearthed an early Christian basilica.
All research by the Škorpil brothers was self-funded and all unearthed monuments have been preserved in Bulgaria. A street in Varna where their house is located and the Black Sea village and seaside resort Shkorpilovtsi were named after the brothers. Their hometown Vysoké Mýto is also a twin town of Varna.

</doc>
<doc id="19262492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262492" title="2004 Franklin Templeton Classic – Singles">
2004 Franklin Templeton Classic – Singles

Lleyton Hewitt was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Vince Spadea won in the final 7–5, 6–7(5–7), 6–3 against Nicolas Kiefer.

</doc>
<doc id="19262537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262537" title="Frank M. Williams">
Frank M. Williams

Frank Martin Williams (April 11, 1873 - February 20, 1930) was an American lawyer, civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1909 to 1910, and from 1915 to 1922.
Biography.
He was born on April 11, 1873 in Verona, New York.
He graduated from Colgate University in 1895. Then he studied law at Oneida, New York, graduated from Syracuse University College of Law in 1897, but did not practice. In 1898, he entered the Department of the State Engineer and rose through the ranks up to Resident Engineer.
He was State Engineer and Surveyor from 1909 to 1910, and from 1915 to 1922, elected on the Republican ticket in 1908, defeated for re-eelection in 1910 and 1912 by Democrat John A. Bensel, and elected again in 1914, 1916, 1918 and 1920. 
From 1911 to 1914, he was engaged in the construction of highways in Ohio.
He died on February 20, 1930 in Albany, New York. He was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida.

</doc>
<doc id="19262545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262545" title="DeNique Ford">
DeNique Ford

DeNique Ford (born July 19, 1984 in Fontana, California) is a professional Arena Football defensive back for the Spokane Shock of the Arena Football League. Ford is a 2007 graduate of Eastern Washington University.
Early Years.
Ford played high school football at Canyon Springs High School in his home town of Moreno Valley. He was a first team All-Ivy League selection in his senior season. He had a game-winning blocked field goal as well as an interception in a victory over Arlington High School. He had a total of four blocked field goals as a senior. He earned second team All-Ivy League honors as a junior. He finished his high school career with nine interceptions, including five as a sophomore. Ford was next door neighbor to former Seattle Seahawks linebacker Soloman Bates.
College football career.
Riverside Community College.
Ford played junior college football at Riverside Community College in Riverside, California. Ford gained conference respect his freshman year and was voted 1st Team Mission Conference.
Eastern Washington University.
Ford played college football as a defensive back, and kick returner at Eastern Washington University. Ford had 58 tackles (a 4.8 average per game) during his junior year for the Eagles which ranked 37th in the Big Sky Conference. He made the first start of his career against Idaho State and had a career-high nine tackles. One game earlier he had three passes broken up and five tackles against Western Oregon. He also had four tackles and a pair of break-ups versus Sacramento State in the second start of his career. He was the team's special teams player of the week against Portland State on 10/1/05 and had Eastern Washington's "BIG HIT" versus Sacramento State. As as a senior, Ford was selected All-Big Sky Conference. At the end of Ford's college career he 5 interceptions tallied 171 tackles, which ranks as one of the top in the nation.
Professional football career.
Ford joined the Spokane Shock in 2007, however left the team before the first game. Ford is now a free agent and resides in Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="19262557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262557" title="92nd Armored Division">
92nd Armored Division

The 92nd Armored Division is an armored division of the Islamic Republic of Iran Army, first formed during the reign of the Shah.
In September 1980, among the units garrisoned along the Iraqi border, the IRIA had the 92nd Armored "Khuzestan" Division, with three armored brigades equipped with Chieftain MBTs and M-113 APCs (including the 283rd Armored Cavalry Battalion), including the 1st Brigade west of Khorramshahr and south of Ahwaz, 2nd Brigade west of Dezful, and 3rd west of Ahvaz. The division fought in Operation Ramadan in 1982. The division was later used in the Battle of the Marshes in 1984, mid-way through the Iran-Iraq War.
Today the 92nd Armored Division is the only Iranian division that has enough tanks to be considered a true armored division, even by regional standards. Jane's Sentinel Country Risk Assessments says '..equipped with T-72 tanks, this division is seen as the premier Iranian armored division. Personnel have been involved in patrolling the border with Iraq.' Jane's says the division is part of the Army's South West Sector and is based at Ahvaz in Khuzestan Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19262575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262575" title="Andorra in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Andorra in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Andorra participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, as previously confirmed by Andorran broadcaster Ràdio i Televisió d'Andorra (RTVA).
After many disappointing results since Andorra's debut in 2004, on top of Andorra's poor 15th place in the semi at the 2008 contest, RTVA announced in June 2008 that they had not decided on whether or not they would be present at the 2009 contest. However, on 10 September it was announced by RTVA that they would be present at Eurovision 2009, announcing a new proposal for a national final that would be used to select the Andorran representative.
The winner of the national final was Susanne Georgi with the song "La teva decisió", and she will be the sixth Andorran Eurovision entry, competing in the first semi-final on 12 May 2009.
Georgi failed to reach the final becoming the sixth Andorran eurovision entrant to miss the grand final.
National final.
RTVA invited both composers and singers to enter the competition and began accepting entries on October 24 with a deadline of December 31, 2008. However, it was announced on November 8, that the new deadline would be December 1, 2008 after RTVA received the rules guiding the national selection dates from the European Broadcasting Union (EBU).
An expert jury chose the three best songs to compete at the 2009 Andorran Eurovision national final. Interested singers were told to send demos with a maximum of three songs, with at least one song sung in Catalan. In addition, composers were told to send in at least one song to the station. All composers and singers must be over 18, preferably with Andorran citizenship and nationality. Catalan lyrics are preferred by RTVA. The singers' musical experience and fluency in Catalan, as well as their fluency in speaking English and French, will also be taken into account. At the national final, the Andorran entrant will be chosen entirely through the use of SMS texting by the public.
107 entries were received by RTVA, featuring 64 songs without a singer attached, 15 performers without songs, and 28 applications of both singer and song. Entries came from around Europe, with almost half of them coming from Andorra, with another 27 entries coming from neighbour country Spain. A further eight entries came from both France and Lithuania, six from Sweden, four from Greece and Malta, three from Belgium, two from both Ireland and Israel, as well as one entry coming from Iceland and the United Kingdom.
The three artists chosen to compete in the Andorran national final were revealed on 13 December 2008, live on Andorran television. The three artists were selected by a professional jury, who began selecting the successful artists from the afternoon of the 13th. One of the original chosen artists, British born singer Jack Lucien revealed 3 days before that he had to pull out due to other commitments, meaning the additional entry of Susanne Georgi, the eventual winner. His song Marxaré was released on May 4, 2009. On 29 December, one of the three finalist songs, "Estrelles d'or", by Marc Durandeau and Marc Canturri, was disqualified after it was revealed that the former had submitted a similar song into the Spanish selection for 2008. The duo was replaced by the runner-up of the jury choice, Mar Capdevila with the song "Passió obsessiva".
The final.
The Andorran national final was held on February 4, 2009 at the Apolo Andorra Hall in Andorra la Vella, hosted by Meri Picart. Three songs by different artists competed to represent Andorra at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, and the winner was selected by a 50/50 mix of SMS and jury voting.
Each of the three artists were given the chance to present their songs to the Andorran public prior to the final in the weeks preceding it, on three televised shows aired by RTVA on 14, 21 and 28 January.
The winner of the final was Susanne Georgi with "La teva decisió", receiving 66% of the SMS vote and 47% of the jury vote.
Promotion.
Due to limited funds in ATV, Susanna was not able to participate in a large promotional tour of her entry around Eurovision. However Susanna did promote her entry to some degree. On 27 February, Susanna performed on Punto Radio in neighbouring Spain. This was followed by promotion in Susanna's home country Denmark, getting extensive coverage in newspapers, and on radio and TV, as well as performing at the Danish Grammy Awards.
Spanish broadcaster Televisión Española (TVE) has revealed that Andorra will be among a number of nations to perform in a special Eurovision show held days before the final on TVE. The show will feature Susanna performing "La teva decisió" along with entries from five other countries, the Big 4 of Spain, France, Germany and the United Kingdom, as well as Greece and a number of past Eurovision artists.
At Eurovision.
Since Andorra did not win the 2008 contest, it will have to compete in one of the two semi-finals. Andorra will have to compete in the first semi-final of the contest on 12 May, where Susanna will perform 7th in the running order, following Armenia and preceding Switzerland.
RTVA has revealed that they were unhappy with the European Broadcasting Union (EBU)'s decision to allow Spain to switch semi-finals for their voting. Having originally been drawn to vote in the first semi-final, the same semi-final as Andorra, TVE asked the EBU to switch semi-finals to allow for promotion of Eurovision itself. RTVA has announced their disappointment on this decision, as RTVA believes that, without Spain voting, Andorra's chances of qualifying will be lower. There was also a feeling that the amount of promotion done in Spain was to no avail.
At Eurovision, Susanna has revealed that she will be accompanied on stage by four backing singers. She has also explically stated that she will not use backing dancers, as opposed the Spanish entry Soraya, as her performance does not require such resources to improve her performance.

</doc>
<doc id="19262609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262609" title="Yearning to Belong">
Yearning to Belong

Yearning to Belong is a documentary about the Abayudaya Jews in Uganda and their struggle to be recognized by the international Jewish community.
Summary.
The Abayudaya’s conviction to Jewish faith goes back almost 90 years. By 1919, Kakungulu (a Christian preacher until an epiphany led him to embrace Judaism) had convinced 3,000 of his community to follow the ancient example of Abraham and receive circumcisions. And while he did his best to ensure that other Jewish rites were adhered to, the community’s remote location made proper rabbinic access impossible.
In early 2002, however, five Conservative rabbis agreed to journey to Nabugoye Hill in rural Uganda to fulfill the Abayudaya’s request that they be formally converted to Judaism and accepted into the larger worldwide Jewish community. Filmmaker Debra Gonsher Vinik and her film crew followed along and captured the emotional conversions.
During the 1970s the Abayudaya’s mud hut synagogues and lands were confiscated by the government of Idi Amin, and they were barred from publicly practicing Judaism. After Amin was overthrown and freedom of worship restored, uncertainty and religious malaise fell over the community, until a youth movement reinvigorated the faithful. Vinik’s camera now tracks two of the leaders of that movement, Gershom Sizomu and his brother J.J., as they visit the U.S. to drum up public support for acceptance of their conversion.
Gaining acceptance by all branches of the Jewish community proves difficult, however. Vinik arranges for a meeting with rabbis from three different Jewish denominations, and the camera is rolling when the brothers are told how their status as Jews is questionable based on the narrow definitions of Orthodox conversion. Later, Vinik asks noted theologian Rabbi Ismar Schorsch about the reasoning for such “inflexible” spiritual stances. “The sad fact is that conversion in Judaism has become a power struggle between Orthodox and the non-Orthodox, to the great detriment of the Jewish people,” he says.
See also.
Other documentaries about atypical Jewish communities:

</doc>
<doc id="19262617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262617" title="90th Guards Rifle Division">
90th Guards Rifle Division

The 90th Guards Rifle Division was a Soviet infantry division of the Second World War.
The division traces its history back to 8 September 1941 when the 325th Rifle Division (I Formation) was formed in the Orel Military District. It took part in the battles around Moscow, both defensive and offensive, then the summer battles in front of Moscow.
On 18 April 1943, it was awarded ‘Guards’ status and re-designated the 90th Guards Rifle Division. The 90th GRD fought in the Battle of Kursk with 6th Guards Army in the summer of 1943, then the offensives into the Baltic region and East Prussia, ending the war along the Baltic coast. On 1 May 1945, it was part of 14th Rifle Corps, immediately subordinate to 2nd Belorussian Front. In May 1945, it was designated as part of the occupation forces for the German portion of Poland.
In the summer of 1946, it was tapped to become one of the new mechanised divisions and was then designated the 26th Guards Mechanised Division. In 1957, it again was re-designated, this time as the 38th Guards Tank Division, which held until 1965 when it went back to the 90th Guards Tank Division. In an exchange of numbers, the 6th Guards Motor Rifle Division in Germany in 1982 became the 90th Guards Tank Division, while the 90th Guards Tank Division became the 6th Guards Motor Rifle Division. This remained until the Division withdrew from Poland in 1992 and was moved to Tver in the Moscow Military District where it became the 166th Guards Motor Rifle Brigade. Later, it was disbanded and converted into the 70th Base for Storage of Weapons & Equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19262647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262647" title="Cliff Holman">
Cliff Holman

Cliff Holman (born James Clifton Holman, Jr. June 29, 1929 in Mobile, Alabama; died September 8, 2008 in Albertville, Alabama), best known as "Cousin Cliff," was a well-known television personality in the Birmingham, Alabama market. As Cousin Cliff, he hosted a variety of children's shows, with the longest-running version shown daily on WABT, later WAPI.
Early life.
Holman was born in Mobile, but his family soon moved to Birmingham. He attended Woodlawn High School, and began performing the magic act that would eventually lead him to television.
Before entering television (and briefly while he was on TV as well), Holman worked in a creamery and ran his own grocery.
"Cousin Cliff" and television.
Holman began his television career in 1950 as a puppeteer for a short-run show (in a format known today as an infomercial) for the local Loveman's department store chain. After a stint in the United States Armed Forces during the Korean War, he returned to Birmingham and sought work in the entertainment business. His break came when a local bakery began a 15-minute children's show on WABT called "Tip-Top Clubhouse." The show had its debut on March 15, 1954. The bakery withdrew its sponsorship after a couple of years, but the station kept the popular show and expanded it to 30 minutes, five days a week, renaming it "Cliff's Clubhouse." The show eventually evolved into "The Popeye Show," featuring a live studio audience and Popeye cartoons.
Holman performed magic tricks throughout the show, and his captain's hat and ribbon tie became his trademark. Holman was closely identified with the primary sponsors of his show, Pepsi-Cola and local fast food chain Jack's Hamburgers. The show was so popular that tickets for children to appear in the live studio audience were often booked months in advance.
In 1968, WAPI began taping the show instead of broadcasting it live, and moved the schedule to the following morning — largely missing its intended audience of children, who would be in school at the time. Holman was unhappy with the move and the plunging viewership, and took a position with new station WHMA in nearby Anniston, Alabama in 1969. "The Cousin Cliff Show" ran there for three more years, sponsored by McDonald's, Jack's main competitor. "The Sergeant Jack Show" starring Neal Miller, an actual Jefferson County deputy sheriff (deputized primarily for the show's purposes) took over Holman's slot and sponsorship.
Holman left television, working a number of positions in and out of media, until he revived his show on cable television in 1985. The show had a short stint on independent station WDBB. In 1990 Holman was back on broadcast television with "Cousin Cliff's Clubhouse," a Saturday-only show on WBRC-TV. That show ran for two years, after which Holman again produced a cable version for Jack's Hamburgers. After a short run, Holman retired from television altogether.
Holman was also seen on various other variety shows in both Birmingham and Anniston over the years, and also worked behind the cameras. Holman was also an early on-air promoter of the Muscular Dystrophy Association. In the days before its now-famous Jerry Lewis Telethon became a nationwide tradition, "Cousin Cliff' encouraged children to hold backyard carnivals to raise money for MDA, and hosted his own carnival in the WAPI studio parking lot as well.
After television.
After leaving television, Holman performed his magic and comedy act in numerous venues. He also worked as a manager for the Parliament House hotel, and public relations manager for the local chapter of the American Lung Association, and an announcer for WCRT radio. He successfully ran for a seat on the Vestavia Hills city council in 1980, but declined to stand for re-election after becoming disenchanted with the position and politics.
His health took a turn for the worse after a fall following a performance in 2001. He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2007 and moved to a hospice in Albertville, where he died in 2008. Holman's battle with Alzheimer's was highlighted in the 2009 HBO documentary The Alzheimer's Project. The funeral was held at Mountain Chapel United Methodist Church in Vestavia Hills. His interment was located in Birmingham's Elmwood Cemetery .
Holmam was survived by his wife, Ann; daughter Lynn Holman Brown and son Kyle Holman; and two grandchildren. Another son, James Clifton Holman III, died in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19262687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262687" title="Elwyn McRoy">
Elwyn McRoy

Elwyn McRoy is an American college basketball coach and current assistant men's basketball coach at University of Texas-Pan American.
Playing career.
McRoy began his collegiate playing career at Butler Community College and then transferred to Hutchinson Community College, where he helped the Blue Dragons capture the 1994 NJCAA National Championship. After his graduation from Hutchinson, McRoy moved on to Cleveland State to finish his collegiate playing career and earn his bachelor’s degree.
Coaching career.
A veteran coach at the collegiate level, McRoy has 12 years of experience as an assistant and head coach and has made an impact as both a coach and recruiter. He began his career as an assistant coach at Butler Community College in 1997 before landing at Independence Community College as an assistant from 1998 to 2000, Redlands (Okla.) Community College as an assistant from 2001–02, Frank Phillips (Texas) College as head coach from 2002 to 2003, Southern University as an assistant from 2003 to 2005 and Northwood (Fla.) University as an assistant from 2005 to 2006.
McRoy spent the last two seasons as an assistant coach and the recruiting coordinator at Georgia Southern, where he helped lead the Eagles to a 20–12 record this past season and was involved with the recruitment of Mid-Florida Player of the Year Tyrone Crunell, Kansas Junior College Player of the Year and first team All-America selection Julian Allen and Second Team NJCAA All-America pick Antonio Hanson.
In five seasons at the junior college level, McRoy coached 28 players that went on to play at the NCAA Division I level and was influential in the development of 2004–05 Big 12 Conference Newcomer of the Year Taj Gray (Oklahoma Sooners) and the 2005–06 Horizon Conference Player of the Year Brandon Polk (Butler). Widely known as an exceptional recruiter, McRoy was named a top junior college recruiter by the national publication "Basketball Times".
In addition to Georgia Southern, McRoy also coached and was the recruiting coordinator at NCAA Division I-A Southern University. While at Southern, the Wichita, Kansas native helped guide the Jaguars to their best record in six years and their first .500 conference finish in eight seasons.
A June 3, 2013, article in The Chronicle of Higher Education documented the challenges of his career as an assistant basketball coach at the college level.

</doc>
<doc id="19262714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262714" title="Manolo Gómez Bur">
Manolo Gómez Bur

Manolo Gómez Bur (21 April 1917 – 30 May 1991) was a Spanish actor of theathre and films. He appeared in over 90 films between 1943 and 1983.
He was born in Madrid and he was soon a actor Spanish and he died in Andalucía, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19262729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262729" title="Bear Island (film)">
Bear Island (film)

Bear Island is a 1979 British-Canadian thriller film loosely based on the novel "Bear Island" by Alistair MacLean. It was directed by Don Sharp and starred Donald Sutherland, Vanessa Redgrave, Richard Widmark, Christopher Lee and Lloyd Bridges.
Plot.
A UN expedition of scientists from different countries come to barren arctic Bear Island, between Svalbard and northern Norway, to study climate change. However, several of them turn out to be more interested in the fact that (according to the film) there was a German U-boat base on the island during World War II. American scientist Frank Lansing (Donald Sutherland) has come because his father was a U-boat commander who died there, and as accidents start to decimate the expedition he begins to realize that some of his colleagues are after a shipment of gold aboard the U-boat that his father commanded.
Production notes.
While the interiors were shot in Pinewood Studios outside London, the outdoor scenes were shot at Stewart, British Columbia and at Glacier Bay National Park in Alaska, depicting a much more dramatic landscape than the real Bear Island offers.
According to the book "The Hollywood Hall of Shame" it was the most expensive film ever made in Canada up till then. Of the budget, $3.3 million came from the British arm of Columbia Pictures, $3 million from Selkirk Film Holdings, $1.8 million from the Toronto Dominion Bank, $1.2 million from the Bank of Montreal, and $100,000 from the Canadian Film Development Corporation.
The Swedish invention called Larven (The Caterpillar) by Lennart Nilsson is used in the chases around the island.
The film is rated  R13  in New Zealand and it contains violence.

</doc>
<doc id="19262730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262730" title="Manuel Corona">
Manuel Corona

Manuel Corona Raimundo (Caibarién 17 June 1880 – Marianao, Havana 9 January 1950) was a Cuban trova musician, and a long-term professional rival of Sindo Garay. 
He came to Havana when the Cuban War of Independence broke out, and worked as a bootblack and a cigar-roller. His supervisor at the cigar factory taught him the guitar, and in 1905 he set up in a café in the red-light district of "San Isidro". The district was controlled by the chulo (pimp) Alberto Yarini (1882–1910), who became famous for introducing French prostitutes (putas francesas) willing to perform more salacious acts than even the Cubans were used to. The francesas cut heavily into the profits of the Cuban putas, and the result was a gang war in which Yarini was killed.
Corona was present through all this, playing and singing to the punters, whores and pimps. He and one of the girls developed a love affair, and soon enough her pimp was on his trail. In a line that might have come from Frankie and Johnny, Corona said later "She was a whore, and she had her man, but I liked her." The pimp came after him with a knife, and a cut to his hand prevented him playing the guitar again. From then on he lived from his compositions.
He wrote hundreds of compositions, some of them amongst the finest examples of Cuban sentiment, such as "Mercedes", "Longina", "Santa Cecilia" and "Aurora". Guarachas such as "El servicio obligatorio" (National Service) and "Acelera, Ñico, acelera" were topical comments. "La habanera" was a deliberate reply to Garay's "La bayamesa". Corona died in poverty.

</doc>
<doc id="19262731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262731" title="Raid on Mittenheide">
Raid on Mittenheide

In mid-August 1943 a Polish unit of the Uderzeniowe Bataliony Kadrowe (English: "Striking Cadre Battalions", "UBK"), which was controlled by the right-wing organization Konfederacja Narodu, organized armed attack on East Prussian villages in the area of Johannisburg (now: Pisz). The attack was made as revenge for German genocide and atrocities committed against Polish population. The targets of the attack included devoted Nazis, members of NSDAP and inhabitants engaging in brutality against Polish population. According to Polish sources, some 70 Germans were killed and 40 German farms were razed to the ground, while an eyewitness reports 13 killed people, including a woman and two children, and two people wounded. The attack, commanded by Colonel Stanislaw Karolkiewicz, was a revenge for German atrocities, committed in Bezirk Bialystok. The revenge attack caused shock among Prussian Germans and caused them to rethink their genocidal tactics against Polish population
Background.
Under Soviet Occupation.
Following Nazi and Soviet aggression on Poland in September 1939, the Second Polish Republic was divided by the two allied powers under the terms of the Ribbentrop-Molotov pact. The area of Białystok became part of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, and was annexed by the Soviet Union. Thousands ethnic Poles, and also Belarusians and Jews, were forcibly deported to Siberia. Among the deported Poles were civil servants, judges, police officers, professional army officers, factory owners, landlords, political activists, leaders of cultural, educational and religious organisations, and others activists in the community. All of them were dubbed "enemies of the people".
Polish resistance against the Soviets in the area of Białystok (especially along the swampy Biebrza river) began immediately after the September Campaign and in mid-1940 there were conspirational organizations in 161 towns and villages in the future area of Bezirk Bialystok. Skirmishes with the NKVD were common, mostly around Jedwabne, where the anti-Soviet feelings were the strongest.
Under Nazi Occupation.
On June 22, 1941, Nazi Germany invaded Soviet Union. The area of Białystok was attached to East Prussia and Soviet terror was replaced with Nazi terror. Both Nazis and Communists referred to the Polish insurgents and their relatives as "bandits" and "bandit families", and treated them with similar barbarity. As the years went by, German terror in Bezirk Białystok worsened and most atrocities on civilian population were committed by German units and police from neighboring East Prussia.
On July 17, 1943, the Germans killed all 257 inhabitants of the village of Krasowo-Czestki, near Wysokie Mazowieckie, (including 83 under seventeen years of age), ransacked their belongings and burned the village. In the following days several other massacres were committed: in the village of Sikory-Tomkowieta, German SS "Kommando Mueller" killed 49 people, in Zawada and Laskowce, 58 persons were killed, in Grzedy - 36, in Wnory-Wandy - 32. Altogether, in July 1943 alone, the Germans killed around 800 civilians in the western part of Bezirk Bialystok. Polish resistance fighters decided to take revenge on the Germans.
The attack.
In July 1943 Colonel Stanisław Karolkiewicz (nom de guerre "Szczęsny") organized a unit of the "Striking Cadre Battalions", which was part of the right-wing Konfederacja Narodu. Its members chose their noms de guerre from characters of Pan Tadeusz, an epic poem by Adam Mickiewicz. Since the Striking Cadre Battalions headquarters permitted retaliatory attacks, the Poles decided to make a raid on East Prussia, in the area of Johannisburg. The choice was not accidental - many German soldiers and administration workers in Bezirk Bialystok came from that part of the Third Reich. There lived their families and there, the Germans felt safe.
Colonel Stanislaw Karolkiewicz and his unit of 28 well-armed men, avoiding German troops, started off from the Wysokie Mazowieckie County. They crossed the Narew and the Biebrza, reaching the northern part of the Lomza County. Karolkiewicz and his men were closely cooperating with local structures of the National Armed Forces, which was a dominant underground organization in this part of occupied Poland and whose members provided Karolkiewicz with vital information about the Prussian side of the border.
Karolkiewicz decided that the Poles would attack the village of Mittenheide and the forestership of Krummenheide. Mittenheide (until 1938 Turoscheln, today Turośl), located 3 km north of the pre-war border. According to Kazimierz Krajewski, in 1943 the village was an armed settlement (each house was armed and the men were organised in paramilitary formation of Landwache) of 1000 people and an unknown number of escapees from western German cities, who had fled from Allied bombing. According to official German statistics the village had 519 permanent inhabitants in 1939. There was a police station, almost all the men were members of the Landwache and in most houses there were weapons. Among the residents of Mittenheide, there was SA Standartenführer Herman Upitz (or Herbert Opitz), a special envoy of Heinrich Himmler delegated to fight against Polish existence in the area, known for his hostile attitude towards Polish and Russian slave workers. Other targets included houses of devoted Nazis, members of the Nazi party and inhabitants that engaged in brutality against Polish population
The objectives of the attack were:
Karolkiewicz and his men, supported by a patrol of the National Armed Forces under Antoni Zdunczyk “Olowek” (seven soldiers) crossed the border on August 14, 1943, at 22:00 hours. The date of the attack - August 15, was chosen deliberately, as this is the official day of the Polish Army, to commemorate the Miracle at the Vistula.
After reaching Mittenheide, the Poles divided themselves into five groups and cut off telephone lines. The attack began before midnight on the solitary Forester's house of Herbert Opitz. Opitz, the Forester of Mittenheide, was killed, as well as his wife and his 6 year old daughter and 2 year old son. The Partisans captured several weapons inside the Forester's Office, a car and a motorcycle. Then they entered the village to attack the Police station, facing tough resistance from the Germans. Within around two hours, some 40 German households were destroyed, 69 civilians and 3 policemen were killed, as well as Upitz.
In contradiction to these numbers, an eyewitness, Irma Bartlick, reports that apart from the Opitz family, 7 additional persons were immediately killed and 4 wounded, of which 2 died later on. In total 13 people lost their lives. Some of the victims were killed by the OST-Arbeiters, who used the raid to take their revenge. The Poles deliberately spared the house of Hildegard von Krauss, a widow, whose husband, an officer of the Wehrmacht, died on the Eastern Front. She was known for her humane attitude towards the Poles and Karolkiewicz himself talked to her that night, explaining the reasons for the attack.
The raid ended at 2 a.m., after Karolkiewicz fired a green flare. The Poles escaped to the nearby Pisz Wilderness, together with their booty - a submachine gun, 30 carbines, 14 pistols, a large quantity of ammunition as well as uniforms and boots. Parts of the equipment was later handed to the local units of the Home Army and the National Armed Forces. Also, together with Karolkiewicz’s men, five OST-Arbeiters fled - four Poles and one Lithuanian. Polish losses were minimal.
The aftermath.
This raid was a shock to the local community. Its echoes reached Berlin and Heinrich Himmler himself was vividly interested in the investigation, which was carried out by the police authorities from Allenstein. However, nobody was caught and the unit, after hiding for three days in the forest, left East Prussia, heading towards Nowogrodek.
On May 3, 2006 Stanislaw Karolkiewicz was promoted to Brigade General, by President Lech Kaczyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19262733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262733" title="Konterra, Maryland">
Konterra, Maryland

Konterra is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,527 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Konterra is located at .
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.05%, is water.
Konterra is located in northern Prince George's County, around the interchange of Interstate 95 and Maryland Route 200. The city of Laurel borders the CDP to the northeast. West Laurel lies to the north, and South Laurel is to the east. Beltsville is to the south, and Calverton is to the southwest. To the northwest, in Montgomery County, is Burtonsville.

</doc>
<doc id="19262754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262754" title="Mohammad Abdul Ahed">
Mohammad Abdul Ahed

Mohammad Abdul Ahed (1919 - November 2001) was an architect and painter from Pakistan. He is primarily known for designing State Bank of Pakistan building in Islamabad and the General Post Office, Karachi.
Life and Work.
He studied architecture at the J.J. School of Arts, Mumbai and received a Diploma in Architecture from the Leicester College of Arts and Technology in London. His architectural achievements are dotted across the urban landscape of Karachi. He designed the General Post Office, the factory and offices of Elite Publishers and the Abbasi Shaheed Hospital. Along with some of his peers, he set up the Institute of Architects Pakistan in 1957 and in the following year, he founded the Government School of Architecture where he was Principal from 1958-64. He was involved in the completion of Quaid-e-Azam's mausoleum in Karachi and designed the focal point of the structure, the green chandelier that hangs in the central dome. Ahed also designed several private residences as well as the iconic State Bank of Pakistan Building in Islamabad.
Family.
His son, Ejaz Ahedis also an architect.
Books.
In February 2010 Sheba Akhtar wrote a book of an illustrated monograph on the architectural and artistic work of Pakistani architect M.A. Ahed called "Of Colour & Form".

</doc>
<doc id="19262775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262775" title="James Gair">
James Gair

James W. Gair is a linguist in South Asian linguistics. He is a specialist in Sinhala, as well as in Pali, Tamil and Dhivehi. He teaches in the Department of Modern Languages and Linguistics of Cornell University (Ithaca, New York).

</doc>
<doc id="19262800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262800" title="Mike Edwards (second baseman)">
Mike Edwards (second baseman)

Michael Lewis Edwards (born August 27, 1952 in Fort Lewis, Washington) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. He played all or part of four seasons in the majors from until . He also played one season in Japan for the Kintetsu Buffaloes in .
Edwards has two brothers who also played in the major leagues, Dave Edwards and Marshall Edwards, who is Mike's twin.

</doc>
<doc id="19262801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262801" title="Motherwell Eagles">
Motherwell Eagles

The Lanarkshire Eagles were a motorcycle speedway team based in Motherwell in Scotland that participated in the British National League Division Two from 1951 and 1954.
Brief history.
The team was based at The Stadium, in Milton Street, Motherwell, which was used primarily for greyhound racing but was designed with speedway in mind; the bends wide enough for six cars side by side.
The first meeting was held on the 14 July 1950 in a challenge match before the Eagles joined the league in 1951. The Eagles started out in the British National League Division Two with veteran ex-Glasgow Tigers Will Lowther and Joe Crowther and ex-Edinburgh rider Danny Lee in the line up. Bill Baird, a pioneer Eagle, became the only rider to ride for all four Scottish teams starting as a Glasgow Tiger before moves to Edinburgh then Ashfield. The team was strengthened late in 1951 by the transfer of Derick Close from Newcastle. In 1952, Eagles rider Derek Close reached the final of the Speedway World Championship. The Eagles operated until the end of the 1954 season and would have run in 1955 but for the reluctance of teams in England to travel up to Scotland.
The top man was Derick Close, signed from the Newcastle Diamonds in 1951, and he was supported by Gordon McGregor, an ex- Glasgow Tiger, who was a founder Eagle in 1951. The team also featured Australians Keith Gurtner and Ron Phillips who transferred over when the Ashfield Giants left the League. Due to his never say die approach, the fans favourite was Bluey (Eric) Scott who joined the Eagles in 1951. Popular Australian Noel Watson, one of the earliest Eagles signings in 1950 along with Clive Gressor, was killed in his home country in 1953. Tommy Miller, one of the top Scottish speedway stars of the day, joined the Eagles in 1954 but moved on to the Coventry Bees mid-season.
Speedway returned for a short spell in 1958 when Ian Hoskins established the Golden Eagles who featured Doug and Willie Templeton, Gordon Mitchell, Jimmy Tannock, Freddie Greenwell and gave a shale debut to George Hunter.
The site was redeveloped and was used briefly in 1971/72 for three long track events and a speedway meeting on a smaller circuit built on the centre green.
Note: Motherwell Eagles was the name of a local Motherwell motorcycle club.

</doc>
<doc id="19262812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262812" title="Nisei">
Nisei

The character and uniqueness of the "Nisei" is recognized in its social history.
History.
Although the earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897, the four largest populations of Japanese and descendants of Japanese immigrants live in Brazil, the United States, Canada and Peru.
Brazilian "Nisei".
Brazil is home to the largest Japanese population outside of Japan, numbering an estimate of more than 1.5 million (including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity), more than that of the 1.2 million in the United States. The "Nisei" Japanese Brazilians are an important part of the ethnic minority in that South American nation.
American "Nisei".
Some US "Nisei" were born during the Baby Boom after the end of World War II; but most "Nisei" who were living in the western United States during World War II were forcibly interned with their parents ("Issei") and children ("Sansei") after Executive Order 9066 was promulgated to exclude everyone of Japanese descent from large parts of the Western states. In some senses, the children of the "Nisei" seem to feel they are caught in a dilemma between their "quiet" Nisei parents and their other identity model of "verbal" Americans. The Nisei of Hawaii had a somewhat different experience.
In the United States, two representative "Nisei" were Daniel Inouye and Fred Korematsu, but the individual life histories of all the "Nisei" are cumulatively creating a more complex tapestry than can be casually summarized. Hawaiian-born was one of many young Nisei men who volunteered to fight in the nation's military when restrictions against Japanese-American enlistment were removed in 1943. Inouye later went on to become a U.S. Senator from Hawaii after it achieved statehood.
The overwhelming majority of Japanese Americans had reacted to the internment by acquiescing to the government's order, hoping to prove their loyalty as Americans. To them, Korematsu's opposition was treacherous to both his country and his community. Across the span of decades, he was seen as a traitor, a test case, an embarrassment and, finally, a hero.
Canadian "Nisei".
Within Japanese-Canadian communities across Canada, three distinct subgroups developed, each with different sociocultural referents, generational identity, and wartime experiences.
Peruvian "Nisei".
Among the approximately 80,000 Peruvians of Japanese descent, the "Nisei" Japanese Peruvians comprise the largest element. Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori was the "Nisei" son of "Issei" emigrants from Kumamoto, Japan.
Cultural profile.
Generations.
Japanese Americans and Japanese Canadians have special names for each of their generations in North America. These are formed by combining one of the Japanese numbers corresponding to the generation with the Japanese word for generation ("sei" 世). The Japanese-American and Japanese-Canadian communities have themselves distinguished their members with terms like "Issei", "Nisei," and "Sansei" which describe the first, second and third generation of immigrants. The fourth generation is called "Yonsei" (四世) and the fifth is called "Gosei" (五世). The "Issei," "Nisei" and "Sansei" generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority, gender, non-Japanese involvement, and religious belief and practice, and other matters. The age when individuals faced the wartime evacuation and internment is the single, most significant factor which explains these variations in their experiences, attitudes and behaviour patterns.
The term "Nikkei" (日系) was coined by a multinational group of sociologists and encompasses all of the world's Japanese immigrants across generations. The collective memory of the "Issei" and older "Nisei" was an image of Meiji Japan from 1870 through 1911, which contrasted sharply with the Japan that newer immigrants had more recently left. These differing attitudes, social values and associations with Japan were often incompatible with each other. In this context, the significant differences in post-war experiences and opportunities did nothing to mitigate the gaps which separated generational perspectives.
In North America since the redress victory in 1988, a significant evolutionary change has occurred. The Nisei, their parents and their children are changing the way they look at themselves and their pattern of accommodation to the non-Japanese majority.
There are currently just over one hundred thousand British Japanese, mostly in London; but unlike other "Nikkei" communities elsewhere in the world, these Britons do not conventionally parse their communities in generational terms as "Issei," "Nisei," or "Sansei."
The second generation of immigrants, born in Canada or the United States to parents not born in the Canada or the United States, is called "Nisei" (二世). The "Nisei" have been subjected to significant residential dispersal. The "Nisei" have resisted being absorbed into the majority society, largely because of their tendency to maintain Japanese interpersonal style. A primary aspect of the "Nisei"'s style is found in the expression of a subjective self -- and this quality of emotional control was passed to their "Sansei" children.
Most "Nisei" were educated in Canadian or American school systems where they were taught Western values of individualism and citizenship. When these were taken away in the early 1940s, the "Nisei" confronted great difficulty in accepting or coming to terms with internment and forced resettlement. Older "Nisei" tended to identify more closely with the "Issei," sharing similar economic and social characteristics. Older "Nisei" who had been employed in small businesses, in farming, in fishing or in semi-skilled occupations, tended to remain in blue-collar work. In contrast, the younger "Nisei" attended university and college and entered various professions and white-collar employment after the war. This sharp division in post-war experiences and opportunities exacerbated the gaps between these "Nisei."
Aging.
The "kanreki" (還暦), a traditional, pre-modern Japanese rite of passage to old age at 60, was sometimes celebrated by the "Issei" and is now being celebrated by increasing numbers of "Nisei." Rituals are enactments of shared meanings, norms, and values; and this Japanese rite of passage highlights a collective response among the Nisei to the conventional dilemmas of growing older.
Aging is affecting the demographics of the Nisei. According to a 2011 columnist in "The Rafu Shimpo" of Los Angeles, the obituaries showing the number of Japanese Americans in their 80s and 90s — Nisei, in a word — who are passing is staggering"
Languages.
The Japanese-born "Issei" learned Japanese as their mother tongue, and their success in learning English as a second language was varied. Most "Nisei" speak Japanese to some extent, learned from "Issei" parents, Japanese school, and living in a Japanese community or in the internment camps. A majority of English-speaking "Nisei" have retained knowledge of the Japanese language, at least in its spoken form. Most "Sansei" speak English as their first language.
Education.
An illustrative point-of-view, as revealed in the poetry of an "Issei" woman:
Intermarriage.
There was relatively little inter-marriage during the Nisei generation, mainly because the relocation and the war intervened
exactly at a time when the group was of marrying age. Identification of them with the enemy by the American public, made them
unpopular and unlikely candidates for inter-racial marriage. Beside this, they were thrown, en masse, into camps with others of
the same ethnicity, causing the majority of Nisei to marry other Nisei. This is why third generation Sansei are mostly still of
the same racial appearance as the Issei, who first immigrated to the U.S. 
The Sansei generation has widely inter-married in the post WWII years, with estimates of such unions at over 60 percent.
History.
It should be mentioned here, that at the time of the relocation, much of it was justified by allegations of sabotage
by Japanese Americans living near the west coast of mainland U.S.A. There is not a single documented case of such events
occurring, except in fictionalized Hollywood movies, which had a tremendous influence on public opinion. Anyone who still
doubts this is invited to research sabotage by Japanese Americans during WWII. There are no such incidents to find and the worst
that can be said is that some individual, mainly Kibei (born in America but sent to Japan for schooling), voiced radical opinions.
Those were segregated in a separate camp, as potentially dangerous subversives. Some were exchanged at sea, for important American
prisoners of war. 
Internment.
When the Canadian and American governments interned West Coast Japanese in 1942, neither distinguished between those who were citizens ("Nisei") and their non-citizen parents ("Issei").
Redress.
Japanese American redress.
In 1978, the Japanese American Citizens League actively began demanding be taken as redress for harms endured by Japanese Americans during World War II.
In 1980, Congress established the Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians (CWRIC) The commission report, "Personal Justice Denied," condemned the internment as "unjust and motivated by racism rather than real military necessity".
In 1988, U.S. President Ronald Reagan signed the Civil Liberties Act of 1988, which provided for a formal apology and payments of $20,000 for each survivor. The legislation stated that government actions were based on "race prejudice, war hysteria, and a failure of political leadership". The Civil Liberties Act Amendments of 1992, appropriating an additional $400 million in order to ensure that all remaining internees received their $20,000 redress payments, was signed into law by President George H. W. Bush, who also issued another formal apology from the U.S. government.
Japanese and Japanese Americans who were relocated during WWII were compensated for direct property losses in 1948. These payments were awarded to 82,210 Japanese Americans or their heirs at a cost of $1.6 billion; the program's final disbursement occurred in 1999.
Japanese Canadian redress.
In 1983, the National Association of Japanese Canadians (NAJC) mounted a campaign demanding redress for injustices during the war years. NAJC hired Price Waterhouse to estimate the economic losses to Japanese Canadians resulting from property confiscations and loss of wages due to internment. On the basis of detailed records maintained by the Custodian of Alien Property, it was determined that the total loss totalled $443 million (in 1986 dollars).
In 1988, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney gave that long-awaited formal apology and the Canadian government began to make good on a compensation package—including $21,000 to all surviving internees, and the re-instatement of Canadian citizenship to those who were deported to Japan.
Notable individuals.
The number of "nisei" who have earned some degree of public recognition has continued to increase over time; but the quiet lives of those whose names are known only to family and friends are no less important in understanding the broader narrative of the "nikkei." Although the names highlighted here are over-represented by "issei" from North America, the Latin American member countries of the Pan American Nikkei Association (PANA) include Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru and Uruguay, in addition to the English-speaking United States and Canada.
George Yoshia (1922-) California musician and teacher

</doc>
<doc id="19262814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262814" title="Shenzhen Cultural Center">
Shenzhen Cultural Center

Shenzhen Cultural Center includes Shenzhen Concert Hall and Shenzhen Library and is located in the Futian district of Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. It was designed by Japanese architect Arata Isozaki. The vineyard-style concert hall seats 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="19262817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262817" title="Robert Savage (composer)">
Robert Savage (composer)

Robert Savage (1951–1993) was an American composer and pianist. Born 1951 of American parents in Saudi Arabia, he died from AIDS in 1993 in New York City, New York.
Biography.
Savage came as a teenager to the United States to live. He received a BA in music from Columbia University in 1975, and he studied with Jack Beeson, Ben Weber, Ned Rorem, David Diamond, John Corigliano, and David Del Tredici.
He travelled widely and incorporated indigenous musical forms in his works, such as the zydeco, a popular dance form he encountered in a year's stay in New Orleans.
A student of Zen Buddhism, Savage founded a Buddhist meditation group for persons with AIDS at the Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York City. During a stay at Zen Mountain Monastery in Mount Tremper, New York, he also wrote several essays published in the Monastery's journal, "The Mountain Record", which relate his Zen practice to his experiences of nature.
Works.
Notable works include:

</doc>
<doc id="19262829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262829" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's trap">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's trap

At the 2000 Summer Olympics, women's trap shooting was included for the first time. The competition was held on 18 September, with Daina Gudzinevičiūtė becoming the inaugural champion.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19262833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262833" title="Potato digger">
Potato digger

Potato digger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19262852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262852" title="Rafael Hernández (actor)">
Rafael Hernández (actor)

Rafael Hernández (3 August 1928 – 7 November 1997) was a Spanish film actor. He appeared in 200 films between 1956 and 1990. He was born and died in Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19262865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262865" title="The Stand (comics)">
The Stand (comics)

The Stand is a comic book adaptation of Stephen King's epic novel of the same name. Based on the unabridged version of "The Stand" first released in 1990, the adaptation is written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, illustrated by Mike Perkins, and was first published by Marvel Comics in 2008. It consists of thirty-one issues divided into six story arcs, and is overseen by King.

</doc>
<doc id="19262885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262885" title="Maura Harrington">
Maura Harrington

Maura Harrington (born 15 September 1953) is a spokesperson for the Shell to Sea campaign, from County Mayo, Ireland. A retired school principal of Inver National School, she has been jailed on a number of occasions for her various stances and campaign work.
Campaign work.
Harrington has previously been involved in fundraising for the British Miners' Strike, as well as campaigning against the Maastricht treaty.
On 12 October 2006, Harrington sustained head and neck injuries while Gardaí cleared demonstrators blocking an access road used by Shell workers on the Corrib gas project.
Harrington has described herself as a Marxist.
On 9 September 2008, she began a hunger strike in protest at the arrival of the "Solitaire", an Allseas pipe-laying ship assisting Royal Dutch Shell. The strike took place at the gates of the Shell compound in Glengad in Erris, in her car. It ended after the ship left Ireland for repairs. She appeared in Belmullet District Court on 8 October 2008 accused of a public order offence related to a protest when President Mary McAleese attended the official opening of a civic centre in Belmullet in April 2007. In March 2009, she was found guilty of this charge. She was also found guilty of assaulting a Garda during a fracas which saw several protesters injured. For this, she was given a sentence of 28 days
imprisonment, fined and bound to keep the peace for 12 months, though she opted not to pay the fine or sign the bond. The judge in the case, Mary Devins, wife of the Fianna Fáil TD Jimmy Devins, also directed Harrington to receive a psychiatric assessment due to what she described as her "bizarre" behaviour an order which received criticism, with Senator David Norris comparing the decision to the tactics used in Stalinist dictatorships in Eastern Europe where political dissidents were portrayed as mentally ill. Harrington denied both charges, and did not give evidence in protest after Judge Devins refused to allow video evidence of the incident to be shown. She served her sentence in Dublin's Mountjoy Prison. Protests and other events took place outside the prison in solidarity, as well as at the offices of the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform.
On 6 April 2009, Harrington was due to speak at an event in London organised by Amnesty International to highlight the forthcoming Wiwa family lawsuits against Royal Dutch Shell, but was unable to because of her imprisonment. In July 2009, Harrington was jailed for four months for public order offences relating to demonstrations, a sentence which was appealed.
In February 2010, Judge Raymond Groarke accused Harrington of being like a member of "the secret police" following a period when the local area saw an influx of many Integrated Risk Management Services guards.

</doc>
<doc id="19262890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262890" title="Örebro Syrianska IF">
Örebro Syrianska IF

Örebro Syrianska IF is a Swedish based football club in the city of Örebro. The club, formed in 1977 by Syriacs in Sweden has advanced through the league system and is currently playing in the fifth highest Swedish league, Division 3.
History.
Örebro Syrianska was established in 1977, and is a few months older than the brotherteam Syrianska FC which plays in Södertälje.

</doc>
<doc id="19262891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262891" title="SpinSpotter">
SpinSpotter

SpinSpotter was an online service, developed by Seattle-based SpinSpotter Inc., designed to surface specific instances of bias and inaccuracy in any news story online. The service focused mainly on these major news outlets: CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, "The New York Times" and Yahoo! News. Users of the service installed a browser toolbar called Spinoculars, which allowed them to see, share, and edit the spin out of any news story. When users noticed a subtle or egregious instance of spin, they would highlight the text within the news article, creating a "Spin Marker", and chose an appropriate "Rule of Spin" from a drop-down menu. The Seven Deadly Spins were: Reporter's Voice, Inaccurate Information, Passive Voice, Biased Source, Disregarded Context, Selective Disclosure, and Lack of Balance.
Users were able to interact in several ways including: adding a description to someone else's Spin Marker, joining a discussion on a Spin Marker, and voting on the significance of spin within a Spin Marker. Based on those votes, users then established a trust level within the community. Votes with a higher impact came from a panel of journalism students and media professionals called "Referees".
The service launched in beta form on September 8, 2008. SpinSpotter Inc. was founded by Todd Herman and its chief executive officer was John Atcheson; the company identified them as politically conservative and liberal, respectively.
Epic Ventures was the main corporation supporting SpinSpotter.
Criticisms.
In early reaction to the beta release, Language Log concluded that the service appeared to be overly reliant on user input and that its spin-spotting software didn't actually do anything at all. "The New York Times" reported that there appeared to be few phrases in SpinSpotter's database of spin and that the service's algorithm cannot account for context or tone. Language Log also noted that the service's example of passive voice is not in fact in the passive voice.
Current status.
SpinSpotter failed to achieve success. It attracted 30,000 unique visitors in the first month after its launch, but that was down to only 7,000 unique visitors in March 2009. SpinSpotter’s founders shut down the SpinSpotter.com web site that month and subsequently replaced it with SparkWords.com, a site that invites people to post a provocative phrase and follow it with a question, in hopes of generating discussion.

</doc>
<doc id="19262914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262914" title="Dave Edwards (baseball)">
Dave Edwards (baseball)

David Leonard Edwards is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of five seasons in the major leagues, from until .
Edwards has two brothers who also played in the major leagues, twin brothers Mike and Marshall Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19262924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262924" title="Marie-Louise Jensen">
Marie-Louise Jensen

Marie-Louise Jensen (born 22 September 1964) is an English children's author.
Biography.
Marie Louise Jensen (née Chalcraft) was born in Henley-On-Thames of an English father and Danish mother. Her early years were plagued by teachers telling her to get her head out of a book and learn useless things like maths. Marie-Louise studied Scandinavian and German with literature at the UEA and has lived in both Denmark and Germany. After teaching English at a German University for four years, she decided to return to England to care for her children full time. she completed an MA in writing for Young people at the Bath Spa University in 2005.She reads, reviews and writes books for young people. She lives in Bath and home educates her two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19262925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262925" title="Jaymee Joaquin">
Jaymee Joaquin

Jaymee Joaquin (born as Jaymee Geronimo Topacio in San Juan, Metro Manila on July 27, 1979) is a Filipina actress, model, and host. She made a career in the Philippines as a TV and print commercial model during her younger years and ventured in events promotion and hosting on the side.
After years of auditioning in the modeling scene, she became a part of ABSCBN Star Magic, an artist management firm owned by one of the largest television networks in the Philippines, ABSCBN Broadcasting Corporation. Joaquin landed supporting roles for movies, soap operas, sitcoms, and various TV programs for the said network. 
But it was her hosting stint that started in 2006 as the game show anchor for the daily midnight show Games Uplate Live that gave her the recognition. She was known from her tagline "Kabagang!" Joaquin was nominated as "Best Game Show Host" for the PMPC Star Awards in 2007. Along with it, she was known to host various live events and became the darling of local men's magazines. Jaymee was chosen as the September 2008 cover girl of Playboy Philippines. For 5 consecutive years (2006–2010), she was hailed one of the country's sexiest celebrities by FHM Philippines.
Jaymee left her showbiz career in 2010 to study a Communications & Tourism course in Sydney, Australia. She now happily resides in Madrid, Spain as an English (as foreign language) teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19262946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262946" title="Paco Alonso">
Paco Alonso

Francisco Alonso Lutteroth (Date of birth unknown), commonly referred to as Paco Alonso is the owner of the professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), the world's oldest wrestling promotion. Alonso is the grandson of CMLL founder Salvador Lutteroth and took control of the company in 1980
Career.
Paco Alonso is the son of the daughter of Salvador Lutteroth, who founded the promotion under the name La Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL). Alonso began working for EMLL in 1975 around the same time as Salvador Lutteroth's son, Chavo Lutteroth, took control of the promotion. Over the next five years Alonso worked in a promotional capaticy while Chavo Lutteroth ran the company, Lutteroth did not command the same respect as his father and by 1980 he handed over control and later ownership to Paco Alonso. Who had the ability and intelligence to make the company evolve and succeed.
Alonso relatively reclusive from the public eye and has only given a few interviews in his time in charge of the promotion. However, it is estimated that he has been responsible for cumulatively drawing over 80,000,000 fans throughout his career at CMLL, based on 24 shows a week each with 2,000 attendance. Alonso was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame class of 2008 with a 73% vote. Along with Martín Karadagian, he was one of only two inductees for the year.
Alonso's leadership style has been described as "Hands off", normally content to leave the match making to his booking team and staying out of the day to day leadership of the promotion. Alonso is also known for holding a grudge against certain wrestlers he feels has betrayed him, having banned both Octagón and Konnan from CMLL forever and even refused to pay tribute to Antonio Peña after his death. More recently there was a falling out between El Hijo del Santo and CMLL that led Alonso to decree that none of CMLL's working partners were to use El Hijo del Santo on their shows, and when International Wrestling Revolution Group refused Alonso broke off a seven year working relationship with the promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="19262959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262959" title="Tomás Blanco (actor)">
Tomás Blanco (actor)

Tomás Blanco (10 November 1910 – 16 July 1990) was a Spanish film actor. He appeared in over 140 films between 1942 and 1983. He was born in Bilbao, Spain and died in Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19262977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262977" title="Lonevåg">
Lonevåg

Lonevåg is a settlement in the municipality of Osterøy, of which it is the administration centre, Norway. The Lonevåg urban settlement, as defined by Statistics Norway, had a population of 557 on January 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19262982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262982" title="Jeremy James (singer/songwriter)">
Jeremy James (singer/songwriter)

Jeremy James is a singer/songwriter based in Albany, NY (born Rison, Arkansas 1977). He plays acoustic guitar and mandolin. Jeremy James' music has been featured locally on area radio stations, and on internet radio.
Performances.
James has performed at Saratoga Springs, NY, storied venue Caffe Lena, "Fagapalooza" in New York City, Capital District Gay & Lesbian Community Council's "Progressions" Concert Series, Columbia University's Postcrypt Coffeehouse, Union College, Valentine's in Albany, New York, 60 Main Coffee House in New Paltz, Ballston Spa, New York's Old Iron Spring Festival, and Easton Mountain retreat center.
He has performed with Namoli Brennet, Adrianne, Chris Pureka, Kris Landherr, Mara Levi, and Nathan Duprey, among others.
Broadcast.
Jeremy James's music has been featured on internet radio station RadioioAcoustic and Albany, NY, area radio stations WEQX, WEXT, and WRPI.
Discography.
Jeremy James has released four independent albums to date:
"Grey Gardens" was not widely distributed, yet received some notice from independent reviewers.
"Landlocked" was recorded at Blue Sky Music Studios in Delmar, NY, and featured guest appearances by Namoli Brennet, Joely Schwenk, Scott Apicelli, Casey J. Chapman (of Almost Awake), Dave Shaver (of Almost Awake), and Gemma Halfi (of The Bookdrop Bees). "Landlocked" was released to critical acclaim from various publications and websites, including Roots Music Report, www.edgenewyork.com, Jed Ryan's "Out Music Spotlight", Albany Times Union, and Albany's Metroland.
"Landlocked" was an editor's pick at Indie-Music.com and appeared in the national OutVoice Top 40 Chart of albums by LGBT artists for over a year, peaking at number 4 in August 2007. OutVoice voters ranked "Landlocked" as number 9 for 2007.
"Such Noble Men" was also recorded at Blue Sky Music Studios in Delmar, NY, and featured Katy Westfall, Donna Baird (of Scientific Maps and Sgt Dunbar & the Hobo Banned), Scott Apicelli (of Hair of the Dog), and Joely Schwenk.
James submitted his music to the "Life Americana" television show, but it has not yet been used. He also submitted music to "Sing Out!", the folk music publisher.
James also performed on the group CD, "Shine", a 2006 collection of performing artists from the Albany area.

</doc>
<doc id="19262985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262985" title="2008 Valencia International Piano Competition Prize Iturbi">
2008 Valencia International Piano Competition Prize Iturbi

Valencia International Piano Competition Prize Iturbi XVI took take place in Valencia from September 15–27, 2008. It was won by Zhengyu Chen, who became the first Chinese pianist to attain the 1st prize.
Competition Results (by rounds).
First Round.
"September 16 and 17". Palau de la Música - Sala Rodrigo.
Quarter-finals.
"September 18, 19 and 20". Palau de la Música - Sala Rodrigo.
Semi-finals.
"September 21 and 22". Palau de la Música - Sala Rodrigo.
Final.
"September 26 and 27". Palau de la Música - Sala Iturbi.
Orquesta de Valencia. Max Bragado, conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="19262986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262986" title="Logocracy">
Logocracy

Logocracy is the rule of—or government by—words. It is derived from the Greek (logos) - "word" and from (kratos) - to "govern". The term can be used either positively, ironically or negatively.
Historical examples.
The United States is described as a logocracy in Washington Irving's 1807 work, "Salmagundi". A visiting foreigner, "Mustapha Rub-a-dub Keli Khan", describes it as such, by which he means that via the tricky use of words, one can have power over others. Those most adept at this are termed "slang-whangers", while Congress is a "blustering, windy assembly". Mustapha describes how:
"unknown to these people themselves, their government is a pure unadulterated LOGOCRACY or "government of words". The whole nation does every thing "viva voce", or, by word of mouth, and in this manner is one of the most military nations in existence [...] In a logocracy thou well knowest there is little or no occasion for fire arms, or any such destructive weapons. Every offensive or defensive measure is enforced by "wordy battle", and "paper war"; he who has the longest tongue or readiest quill, is sure to gain the victory - will carry horrour abuse, and "ink shed" into the very trenches of the enemy, and without mercy or remorse, put men, women, and children to the point of the - pen!"
The Soviet Union was described by Nobel Prize winner Czesław Miłosz, as a logocracy. It was for example, according to Christine D. Tomei, a "pseudo-reality created by mere words". Moreover, after the revolution Luciano Pellicani describes how a "language reform plan" was introduced by Kisselev. In it he "stressed that the old mentality would never be overthrown, if the structure of the Russian language was not also transformed and purged."
This process led to a Soviet language that George Orwell would later dub "neo-language", and was a precursor to his "Nineteen Eighty-Four" Newspeak. The new Soviet 'language' was less a real language than an 'orthogloxy', a "stereotyped jargon consisting of formulas and empty slogans, whose purpose was to prevent people from thinking outside the boundaries of collective thought" - i.e. it was speech which destroyed individuality. Janina Frentzel-Zagórska, however, queries the importance of political language in the USSR, saying that "the old ideological 'Newspeak' had completely disappeared in the Soviet Union long before" the fall of Communism.
Totalitarianism, according to political theorist Hannah Arendt, can be considered a logocracy, since in it ideas are no longer important, just how they are expressed.
Academic Yahya Michot has referred to Sunni Islam as a "popular" or "laic logocracy", in that it is government by the word of the Koran.

</doc>
<doc id="19262994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262994" title="Bois-Franc, Quebec">
Bois-Franc, Quebec

Bois-Franc is a municipality in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, north of Maniwaki. Its territory is along the western shores of the upper Gatineau River.
The adjective "franc" has its origin in the western regions of France and means excellent, good, strong, solid, hard. Therefore the name Bois-Franc can be translated as "hardwood" and is a reference to magnificent stands of hardwoods found within the municipality, including beech, ash, maple and birch.
History.
Its first European settlers came in 1870. Its post office, named Bois-Franc, opened in 1886. In 1920, the Municipality of Bois-Franc was founded when it separated from the Egan Municipality Township.
Economy.
Its primary industry is logging and forestry. Industrial Park "Réjean Lafrenière" is home to the oriented strand board factory Louisiana-Pacific Canada ltd. Division Quebec; one of the largest plants of its kind in North America.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 196
Languages:

</doc>
<doc id="19262997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19262997" title="Stephen T. Asma">
Stephen T. Asma

Stephen T. Asma (b 1966) is Professor of Philosophy and Distinguished Scholar at Columbia College Chicago,
He works on the philosophy of the life sciences, and the theme of Religion and Science (especially Buddhism and Christianity).
References.
http://www.colum.edu/Academics/Humanities_History_and_Social_Sciences/faculty/Stephen_Asma.php

</doc>
<doc id="19263001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263001" title="Suka Hufanga">
Suka Hufanga

Sukanaivalu Ivakuva Hufanga, known as Suka Hufanga (born Houma, 18 June 1982), is a Tongan rugby union footballer. He plays as a centre.
Career.
He played for CA Brive in the French Top 14, from 2006/07 to 2008/09. He plays for Newcastle Falcons in the English Premiership, since 2009/10.
The Tongan centre has 28 caps for his National Team, with 5 tries scored, 25 points in aggregate.
Hufanga has been in the Tongan squad since 2003. He was selected both for the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals, where he played three matches, and the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing all the four matches. Hufanga scored two tries in the narrow losses to South Africa (25-30) and England (20-36). He was also called for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, playing in four games.

</doc>
<doc id="19263004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263004" title="William Patrick (author)">
William Patrick (author)

William Patrick is an editor, book doctor, and ghost-writer, and the co-author of "Loneliness: Human Nature and the Need for Social Connection". He has also written two well-regarded suspense novels. 
He began his career at Little, Brown, then moved to Harvard University Press, where he acquired and edited works by the likes of Edward O. Wilson and Jane Goodall. While working at Harvard he wrote "Spirals" (Houghton), a novel set in Cambridge during the early days of cloning and recombinant DNA research. His next work of fiction was "Blood Winter" (Viking), a thriller about germ warfare which the Wall Street Journal described as “A dazzling achievement, both gripping and moving, lurid and achingly sad….as authoritative as the fresh early best of Greene and le Carre.” 
Returning to commercial publishing, he acquired a number of bestsellers in humanistic psychology, including "Minding the Body, Mending the Mind" by psychologist and immunologist Joan Borysenko. In 1991, he published "Iron John: A Book About Men" which was the #1 New York Times bestseller for ten weeks, and remained on the list for more than a year. 
A freelancer since 1999, he has helped shape a number of significant books including Tim Weiner’s "Legacy of Ashes", winner of the 2007 National Book Award for nonfiction. That same year, "", which he co-wrote with Sidney Poitier’s, was a selection of the Oprah Book Club that was #1 on the New York Times paperback bestseller list for 13 weeks. In 2013, he co-wrote "In My Shoes" with Jimmy Choo founder Tamara Mellon, and edited "10% Happier" for ABC NEWS correspondent Dan Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="19263028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263028" title="Northwest Lineman College">
Northwest Lineman College

Northwest Lineman College, founded in 1993, is a private vocational technical college offering training programs with a concentration on careers in the power delivery industry. The main campus is located in Meridian, Idaho and branch campus' are located in Oroville, California, and Denton, Texas.
Northwest Lineman College offers technical certificate training programs for those seeking a career in the power delivery industry, and also for people working in the industry seeking trade-specific certifications. It is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC).
History.
1993 - Northwest Lineman College founded in Meridian, Idaho in a leased lumberyard.
1996 - Campus moved to outskirts of town on Highway 69; equal distances from Meridian and Kuna, Idaho. Five acres of land purchased and new facilities constructed.
1998 - Northwest Lineman College begins researching and authoring a comprehensive curriculum composed of topics related to the power delivery industry. The project would continue until 2002.
2000 - Northwest Lineman College earns national accreditation through the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges of Technology (ACCSCT).
2002 - Lineworker Certification Program established for power companies seeking journey-level certification for their lineworkers.
2003 - Campus expansion project increases facility square footage from to . Lab facility is added.
2006 - Acreage purchased increasing land space from to 31.
2006 - First branch campus is opened in Oroville, California.
2007 - Utility Training Services department established providing customized training programs for utility companies worldwide.
2010 - Second branch campus is opened in Denton, Texas.
Publications.
"The Handline" is Northwest Lineman College's tri-annual magazine communicating safety awareness, improving knowledge with technical articles, preserving the history of the trade, and keeping readers abreast of new technologies and trends in the power delivery industry. "The Handline" circulates to personnel in all segments of the power delivery industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19263036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263036" title="Weiker Airport">
Weiker Airport

Weiker Airport is a privately owned public-use airport in Seneca County, Ohio, United States. It is located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of the village Green Springs. It is privately owned by Wayne Weiker.
Facilities and aircraft.
Weiker Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 740 feet (226 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with a 1,744 by 90 ft (532 x 27 m) turf surface. For the 12-month period ending May 7, 2008, the airport had 320 aircraft operations, all of which were general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19263039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263039" title="Royal Aquarium">
Royal Aquarium

The Royal Aquarium and Winter Garden was a place of amusement in Westminster, London, opened in 1876. The building was demolished in 1903. It was located immediately to the west of Westminster Abbey on Tothill Street. The building was designed by Alfred Bedborough in a highly ornamental style faced with Portland stone. At the west end of the building was the Aquarium Theatre – in 1879 named the Imperial Theatre. Methodist Central Hall is now located on the site.
History.
The Royal Aquarium opened on 22 January 1876. The board of directors included Henry Labouchère, the financier and journalist; William Whiteley the retailer; and Arthur Sullivan, the composer. It was intended to offer art exhibitions, concerts and plays, among other intellectual entertainments, like The Crystal Palace.
The main hall was long by wide. It was covered with a roof of glass and iron and decorated with palm trees, fountains, pieces of original sculpture, thirteen large tanks meant to be filled with curious sea creatures and an orchestra capable of accommodating 400 performers. Around the main hall were rooms for eating, smoking, reading and playing chess, as well as an art gallery, a skating rink and a theatre. The Aquarium adopted an expensive system of supplying fresh and sea-water from four cisterns, sunk into the foundations. This quickly ran into operating problems. The large tanks for fish contained none and became a standing joke; but the directors did display a dead whale in 1877.
By the 1890s, the Aquarium was acquiring a risqué reputation, with unaccompanied ladies promenading through the hall in search of male companionship. Emily Turner, a visitor from Montreal, worked as a salesgirl at the Aquarium between October 1891 and January 1892. She met a Major Hamilton there, who bought her supper at Gatti's (in the Strand) and took her to entertainments at the Alhambra Theatre, promising to set her up in rooms in Lambeth. The major disappeared after providing her with 'gelatin capsules' for a cough. The pills made her ill, and she stopped taking them. The leftover pills were passed to Scotland Yard, and she was traced by Inspector Jarvis of the Metropolitan police, who identified the missing major as the serial killer, Thomas Neill Cream. The pills were eventually analysed and found to contain only quinine. Turner refused to identify Cream for fear of having to appear at the trial - and have her own respectability questioned.
The building, known as "the Tank," lost its popularity and was sold to the Wesleyan Methodists in 1903. The Methodist Central Hall was built on the site in 1911.
Entertainments at the Aquarium.
After its opening, the expensive Aquarium and its programme of art exhibits and classical music were indifferently received by the public, and the venture was failing. Soon, instead of scientific lectures and the high-minded entertainments intended for the hall by its founders, the directors turned to more profitable music hall and variety acts (animal acts, African dancers, hypnotists, etc.) The Aquarium became most famous for offering dangerous and sensational circus and other acts. The showman and tightrope walker The Great Farini programmed many of these beginning in 1877. One of the most famous was the young female human cannonball, Zazel, who was launched by an apparatus of Farini's design. The perceived danger of these acts caused protests and put the venue's licence in doubt but drew crowds.
In 1880, George Leybourne popularised a song about the Aquarium that parodied Alfred Vance's song "Walking in the Zoo":
The all-day variety entertainments at the Aquarium turned less respectable, including billiards matches, novelty acts and side-shows of all kinds, and commercial stalls offering perfumery and gloves. George Robey made his first professional appearance at the Aquarium in 1891. Located across the street from the Houses of Parliament, the Aquarium was popular with members of the House of Commons. The comedian Arthur Roberts also sang a song about the Aquarium:
Theatre.
The Aquarium Theatre at the west end of the Royal Aquarium opened on 15 April 1876. The theatre was also designed by Bedborough and was built by Messrs. Lucas with a capacity of 1,293. Henry Jones (1822-1900) built an unusually large and powerful Grand Organ for the Royal Aquarium under the supervision of Sullivan. The organ was installed at the rear of the main stage in 1876 at the opening of the Hall. In 1878, however, it was moved from the stage to a position up in the gallery. 
"The School for Scandal" played at the theatre in 1877, as did a revival of W. S. Gilbert's adaptation of "Great Expectations". Samuel Phelps made his last appearance at the theatre in 1878. The farce "Fun in a Fog" played at the theatre in 1878, and "Family Honour" by Frank Marshall premiered in the same year. The theatre was named the Imperial Theatre in 1879. "The Beaux Strategem" by George Farquhar, "She Stoops to Conquer" by Goldsmith and "The Poor Gentleman" all played at the theatre that year. Shakespeare's "As You Like It" and "Anne Mie", by Roster Faasen, played at the theatre in 1880, as did the comic opera "Billee Taylor", composed by Edward Solomon, with a libretto by Henry Pottinger Stephens. "Good-Natured Man" played in 1881. In 1882, Lillie Langtry appeared at the theatre in Tom Taylor's "An Unequal Match". "Good as Gold" by Matthews Mone, "Camille" (an English adaptation of Dumas' play) and "Auld Robin Gray" by George Roy played here in 1883, as did "Aurora Floyd", by J. B. Ashley and Cyril Melton, in 1885. "A Fast Life" by Hubert O'Grady played in 1898. 
In 1898, extensive alterations were made to the theatre by Walter Emden, and in 1901 it was rebuilt by Frank Verity for Lillie Langtry, who took over the theatre in 1900. Its capacity was reduced to 1,150, with a stage width of and depth of . Langtry reopened the theatre in 1901 with Berton's "A Royal Necklace". The theatre presented "Everyman" in 1902 and "When We Dead Awaken" by Henrik Ibsen in January 1903. George Bernard Shaw's "The Admirable Bashville" also played here in 1903. Despite the high standard of her productions, the theatre was not successful, and Langtry withdrew in 1903. The theatre hosted "His Majesty's Servant" in 1904 and "The Perfect Lover" in 1905. 
After the Royal Aquarium was demolished in 1903, the Imperial Theatre continued to stand on the site until it finally closed in 1907 and was pulled down. The interior of the theatre was saved and re-erected as the Imperial Palace in Canning Town in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="19263045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263045" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's double trap">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's double trap

The women's double trap competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics was the second of three instances, and the only one not won by Kim Rhode, who came third. Pia Hansen raised Rhode's Olympic record by seven hits, and was only one hit from Deborah Gelisio's World records in both the qualification and final rounds. Gelisio won the silver medal, distanced by a four-hit margin.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
The qualification round consisted of 20 doubles each in the A, B and C programmes.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
The final repeated the C programme for the top six shooters.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19263047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263047" title="Silver Spoon (horse)">
Silver Spoon (horse)

Silver Spoon (foaled in 1956) was a multiple stakes winning American Thoroughbred race horse.
Background.
Silver Spoon was a daughter of Triple Crown winner Citation. Citation was by Bull Lea, the foundation sire of Calumet Farm. Silver Spoon's dam, Silver Fog, carried the blood of Equipose, Blenheim II, Man o' War, Broomstick, Peter Pan, and a host of others.
Silver Spoon was a big chestnut filly with four white stockings, standing 16 hands one inch tall, and weighing 1,135 pounds. As a foal, she injured her hip and forever after walked with a pronounced hesitation or "hitch" in her gait.
Racing career.
Her first race was an $8,000 claiming event for two-year-olds at Belmont Park. There were no takers. Ridden by Eldon Nelson, she won by six lengths. 
Sent to California, Silver Spoon dominated her division, going undefeated in a six-race winning streak. Winning both the Santa Susana Stakes now called the Santa Anita Oaks and the Santa Anita Derby, she became one of only two fillies ever to do so. The other was the winner of the 1988 Kentucky Derby: Winning Colors. In the Santa Anita Derby, she took the race against colts. With her ears pricked, she romped home by two and a half lengths against that year's eventual Preakness Stakes winner, Royal Orbit. This was the win that convinced her connections to enter her in the 1959 Kentucky Derby. The only filly to start in the race between the years 1945 to 1980, she came in a respectable fifth, three and a half lengths behind the winner, Tomy Lee. A few months later, back on the West Coast, she soundly beat Tomy Lee in the Cinema Handicap. In the Cinema, she conceded 9 pounds to the runner-up. In the press, Silver Spoon was hailed as the best filly since the war.
Honors.
In the 1959 voting for Champion three-old-filly, the Thoroughbred Racing Association voted for Silver Spoon, but in the rival "Daily Racing Form" poll she was beaten by 85 points to 73 by Royal Native.
In the year she died, 1978, Silver Spoon was inducted into the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame. She is buried at the Gainesway Farm, once part of the C.V. Whitney Farm, beside her equals, among them Winning Colors.
Stud record.
As a broodmare, Silver Spoon gave birth to seven foals. One was the stakes-winning Inca Queen by Hail to Reason.

</doc>
<doc id="19263051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263051" title="Gejang">
Gejang

Gejang or gejeot is a variety of "jeotgal", salted fermented seafood in Korean cuisine, which is made by marinating fresh raw crabs either in "ganjang" (soy sauce) or in a sauce based on chili pepper powder. The term consists of the two words; "ge", meaning "a crab", and "jang" which means "condiment" in Korean. Although "gejang" originally referred only to crabs marinated in soy sauce, it has begun to be called ""ganjang gejang"" these days to differentiate it from "yangnyeom gejang" (양념게장). The latter is relatively a new dish that emerged since the restaurant business began to thrive in South Korea. "Yangnyeom" literally means "seasoning" or "seasoned" in Korean but refers to the spicy sauce made with chili pepper powder. 
Gyeongsang, Jeolla, and Jeju Island are famous for their own characteristic "gejang". It is a representative speciality of Yeosu in South Jeolla Province, and a traditional Jeolla cuisine dish.
Historical records.
Historical records on "gejang" can be found in books such as "Sallim gyeongje" (lit. "Farm Management"), "Gyuhap chongseo" (lit. "Women's Encyclopedia"), "Jubangmun" (주방문, 酒方文, lit. "Book of Making Alcoholic beverage"), "Siui jeonseo" (lit. "Complete Collection of Corrections and Discussions") and others written during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392 - 1910). According to "Sallim gyeongje" written around the end of the 17th century, making "gejang" is referred to as ""johaebeop"" (조해법, 糟蟹法), which means "a way of marinating crabs in sediments of liquor". With the method, crabs are marinated in a mixture of "jaegang" (재강, sediments of liquor), salt, and an alcoholic beverage. In general, "gejang" spoils if preserved for a long time; however, the "gejang" made by the "johaebeop" can be even eaten until the next spring. In addition, the book records various ways of making gejang such as "juhaebeop" (酒蟹法, made with alcoholic beverage), "chojang haebeop" (醋醬蟹法, made with soy sauce and vinegar), "yeomtang haebeop" (鹽湯蟹法, made with boiled salted water) as well as methods of rearing crabs are called "Yukseon chibeop" (肉膳治法). Therefore, the record verifies that the consumption of "gejang" in Korean diet appeared at least as early as the 17th century.
Crabs and harvest.
According to Korean traditional medicine, crab has a cold nature that could cool one's body temperature, so "gejang" is believed to be good for driving away the spring fever. Although "gejang" was originally made with freshwater crabs in general, such crabs are becoming scarce, so the "gejang" made with "kkotge" (horse crab) caught in the Yellow Sea (West Sea), the west side of Korean peninsula, has become prevalent. Among "gejang" made with freshwater crabs, "chamgejang" of North Gyeongsang Province, which can be preserved and eaten after one year passes and "beotteok gejang", which can be eaten immediately after preparation, are the most famous.
Preparation.
To prepare "ganjang gejang", crabs are first thoroughly cleaned using a brush while submerged in a bowl of water, and are then rinsed to remove the moisture. The crabs are put in a "hangari" (earthenware crock) and are salted for about six hours. To prepare the sauce, a mixture of "ganjang" is boiled briefly along with sesame oil, sugar, finely sliced scallions, minced garlic, ginger, and finely shredded fresh red chili pepper. Once the salted crabs are removed from the "hangari" and placed in a suitable bowl, the hot sauce is poured onto the crabs. An hour later, the "ganjang" is removed from the bowl and reheated until boiling. It is again poured over the crabs, and the procedure is repeated for a third and fourth time. The dish can be eaten once the sauce is chilled. If using boiled "ganjang" after it has been chilled, the "gejang" can be eaten two weeks after preparation, and it can be preserved for longer. A variation involves adding minced beef while the sauce is poured over the crabs, endowing the "gejang" with more spices. In recent days, some people add lemon, chili pepper, or traditional medicine when making "gejang" in order to remove the fishy smell and to increase its rich flavor.
As for "yangnyeom gejang", the dish is made with raw crabs and a spicy and sweet sauce of chili pepper powder, and ground Korean pear, onions, ginger and garlic, as well as whole sesame seeds, and sesame oil. In general, the "gejang" can be eaten a half day after the preparation and consuming the dish within two or three days is best to have its intact spicy and sweet and sour taste. If crabs are first marinated in a boiled and chilled mixture of "eakjeok" (액젓, filtered "jeotgal") and soy sauce before mixing the spicy sauce, the "yangnyeom gejang" can be well marinated with the latter sauce, and can be preserved longer.
Types.
Types are divided by crab species, region, and cooking method. Among varieties, "beoltteok gejang" (벌떡게장) is a local specialty of Jeolla Province and is made with live "Charybdis", which are called either "beoltteokge" (벌떡게) or "minkkotge" (민꽃게) in Korean. The crab has a hard carapace with a reddish-brown color and is found in the seawater of Korea according to "Jasaneobo" (자산어보 "Fishes of the Huksan Island"), the first Korean fisheries science book written by the scholar Jeong Yak-jeon (정약전) in 1814. To make the "gejang", the crabs are cut into several pieces or used whole if they are not large. One or two days after the "beoltteokge" have been marinated in a "ganjang"-based sauce, one can enjoy the "gejang" which has a fresh and sweet taste. However, "beoltteok gejang" can not be preserved for a long time, so it is said that the name reflects the fact; "beotteok" means "quickly" or "immediately" in Korean. 
"Kkotgejang" (꽃게장) is made with "kkotge" (horse crab), which is the most consumed crab in South Korea. It is also a local specialty of Jeolla Province, and the dish is known for the umani taste. After cleaned, the live crabs are chopped into several pieces, and a mixture of "ganjang", sliced scallions, garlic, ginger, chili pepper powder, sesame seeds, salted is poured over them. It can be eaten one day after preparation. 
Another local speciality of Jeolla Province is "konggejeot" (콩게젓) which is indigenous to Gangjin County. The "gejeng" is made by grinding crabs as small as a bean ("kong" in Korean) with millstones. The thick ground paste is mixed with salt and gochujang. In Jeju Island, "gejang" is called "gingijeot" (깅이젓) made on every fifteenth of March in the lunar calendar at low tide. It is traditionally said that "gingijeot" is good to cure every illness in the region. 
"Chamgejang" (참게장) is a local specialty of Gyeonggi Province and is made with "chamge" (Chinese mitten crab) which generally live in the rivers of Korea which flow to the Yellow Sea. "Chamge" harvested in the Imjin River near the Paju region is especially famous for its unique taste and having a less earthy smell, so for many centuries the crabs were presented to the King of Korea as a delicacy. As demonstrated by the fact that records on "chamge" can be found in several historical documents regarding fisheries and cuisine such as "Jasaneobo", "Gyuhap chongseo" (Women's Encyclopedia), and the chapter "Jeoneoji" (전어지) of "Imwon gyeongjeji" (임원경제지), the dish has been eaten by Koreans for a long time. However, these days pollution in the rivers has decreased the crab's habitat, so "chamge" is barely found except in Imjin River. "Chamgejang" is commonly nicknamed "bapdoduk' (밥도둑, literally "a meal thief" or "a rice thief") because it is considered a good dish for arousing one's appetite. The dish is intended to preserve for long periods, so the "gejang" is saltier than other varieties.
"Chamgejang" is also widely eaten in Gyeongsang Province, and is prepared at every house during autumn to make a "banchan" (small side dish) for the next summer. The crabs are also caught in rice fields during the harvest season, and female crabs are considered the best because they contain a lot of roe and fatty tomalley.
Serving.
Yeosu is famous for "gejang" as well as "gat kimchi" (갓김치). A meal emphasizing "ganjang gejang" is called "gejang baekgan" (게장백반) that consists of a plate "ganjang gejang", various plates of "banchan" (side dishes), and a bowl of cooked rice.

</doc>
<doc id="19263052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263052" title="Robert Dunne (disambiguation)">
Robert Dunne (disambiguation)

Robert Dunne was an Irish archbishop.
Robert Dunne may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263080" title="Charset detection">
Charset detection

Character encoding detection, charset detection, or code page detection is the process of heuristically guessing the character encoding of a series of bytes that represent text. The technique is recognised to be unreliable and is only used when specific metadata, such as a HTTP Content-Type: header is either not available, or is assumed to be untrustworthy.
This algorithm usually involves statistical analysis of byte patterns, like frequency distribution of trigraphs of various languages encoded in each code page that will be detected; such statistical analysis can also be used to perform language detection. This process is not foolproof because it depends on statistical data.
One of the few cases where charset detection works reliably is detecting UTF-8. This is due to the large percentage of invalid byte sequences in UTF-8, so that text in any other encoding that uses bytes with the high bit set is "extremely" unlikely to pass a UTF-8 validity test. Unfortunately badly written charset detection routines do not run the reliable UTF-8 test first, and may decide that UTF-8 is some other encoding.
UTF-16 is fairly reliable to detect due to the high number of newlines (U+000A) and spaces (U+0020) that should be found when dividing the data into 16-bit words. This process is not foolproof; for example, some versions of the Windows operating system would mis-detect the phrase "Bush hid the facts" (without a newline) in ASCII as Chinese UTF-16LE.
Charset detection is particularly unreliable in Europe, in an environment of mixed ISO-8859 encodings. These are closely related eight-bit encodings that share an overlap in their lower half with ASCII. There is no technical way to tell these encodings apart and recognising them relies on identifying language features, such as letter frequencies or spellings.
Due to the unreliability of heuristic detection, it is better to properly label datasets with the correct encoding. HTML documents served across the web by HTTP should have their encoding stated out-of-band using the Content-Type: header. 
codice_1
An isolated HTML document, such as one being edited as a file on disc, may embed such a header within the file: 
If the document is Unicode, then some UTF encodings explicitly label the document with an embedded initial byte order mark.

</doc>
<doc id="19263083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263083" title="Collins (1809 Surrey cricketer)">
Collins (1809 Surrey cricketer)

Collins (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 3 known appearances in first-class matches from 1809 to 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="19263119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263119" title="Governor of San Cristóbal">
Governor of San Cristóbal

The Governor of San Cristóbal is the civil representative of the President of the Republic in San Cristóbal Province, who designated it.
From its creation until the fall of the Trujillo dictatorship the title of the Governor was "Governor of Trujillo Province". During a period of time, the Governor was elevated to the category of Secretary of State (Minister) and was titled as "Secretary of State, Governor of Trujillo Province."
The Article 198 of the Constitution of the 2010 said the requirements to be governor:
His or her attribution and duties will be determined by law.
The current governor is Julio Cesar Díaz
List of San Cristóbal governors.
The follow list is incomplete.

</doc>
<doc id="19263124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263124" title="Vitarka">
Vitarka

Vitarka (Sanskrit, also "vitarkah"; Pali: "vitakka"; Tibetan phonetic: "tokpa") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "conception", "application of thought", etc. In the Theravada tradition, it is defined as the mental factor that mounts or directs the mind towards an object. In the Mahayana tradition, vitarka is defined as a mental factor that investigates things roughly. 
Vitarka is identified as:
Explanations.
Theravada.
Bhikkhu Bodhi explains:
The Visuddhimagga ( IV, 88) defines vitakka as follows:
Nina van Gorkom explains:
In relation to vicara, it is said that: "vitakka is the directing of concomitant properties towards the object; vicāra is the continued exercise of the mind on that object." It is also said that: vitakka has the characteristic of fixity & steadiness, vicāra that of movement & display.
Mahayana.
The Abhidharma-samuccaya explains vitarka together with vicara as follows: 
Herbert Guenther explains:
Alexander Berzin explains:
Contemporary.
The "Oxford Dictionary of Buddhism" states:
Dr. John C. Lilly presents "vitarka" as a level of consciousness that can be described as:
Within meditation.
Jhana.
Vitakka (Pali) is the first of the mental factors to be present in the first Jhana, but it is absent in the higher jhanas. In this context, vitarka implies a very strong leading of attention, as it leads to more concentrated mental processes: vicāra, pīti, sukha, upekkha and ekaggatā.
Samprajnata samadhi.
Vitarka or savitarka describes the nature of consciousness in the first stage of samprajnata-samadhi. In Sutra 1:17 Patanjali tells us that "samprajnata samadhi" comprises four stages: "Complete high consciousness (samprajnata samadhi) is that which is accompanied by "vitarka" (reasoning), vicara (reflection), sananda (ecstasy), and sasmita (a sense of 'I'-ness or pure beingness)."
External links.
Mahayana tradition:
Theravada tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="19263126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263126" title="Aldo Lado">
Aldo Lado

Aldo Lado (born 5 December 1934) is an Italian screenwriter and film director. He was born in Fiume, Italy (now Croatia).
He wrote the screenplays for 21 films between 1968 and 2004 and directed 14 cinema films between 1971 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19263134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263134" title="Moxos language">
Moxos language

Mojos ( "Moxos", pronounced 'Moho') is a pair of Maipurean languages spoken by the Moxos people of Northeastern Bolivia. The two Mojo 'dialects', "Trinitario" and "Ignaciano", are as distinct from one another as they are from neighboring Maipurean languages.
Moxos has an active–stative syntax.
Mojos.
The language belongs to a group of tribes that originally ranged through the upper Mamoré, extending east and west from the Guapure (Itenes) to the Beni, and are now centered in the Province of Moxos, Department of Beni, Bolivia.
Ignaciano is used in town meetings unless outsiders are present, and it is a required subject in the lower school grades, one session per week. Perhaps half of the children learn Ignaciano. By the 1980s there were fewer than 100 monolinguals, all older than 30.
Population 4,500 (2000 SIL). Ethnic population: 20,805 with Trinitario (2000 W. Adelaar).
Region South central Beni.
Population 5,500 (2000 SIL). Ethnic population: 20,805 with Ignaciano (2000 W. Adelaar).
Region South central Beni.
Dialects Loreto (Loretano), Javierano.
Classification Arawakan, Maipuran, Southern Maipuran, Bolivia-Parana
Word Set.
English/Mojo Word Set
One – Ikapia
Two – Apisá
Three – Impúse
Man – Ehiro
Woman – Eseno
Sun – Sáche
Water – Uni
Fire – Yuku
Head – Nuxuti
Hand – Nubupe
Corn – Suru

</doc>
<doc id="19263138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263138" title="Sarah Rhodes">
Sarah Rhodes

Sarah t Rhodes (1787 Leeds - 1862 Roundhay, Leeds), was an English amateur botanical artist who used watercolours and gouache on vellum to produce unusual plant images.
Sarah was the second daughter of Matthew Rhodes (1751-1802), a wool merchant from Campfield in Leeds, and Mary Smith who were married on 27 October 1785 in St Peters, Leeds. Mary Smith died on 18 December 1826 in Campfield. 
On 1 December 1807 in Leeds, Sarah married a banker, Stephen Nicholson (1779 Chapel Allerton -23 Feb 1858 Roundhay), son of William Nicholson and Grace Whitaker, who inherited Roundhay Park and Chapel Allerton estates on 8 February 1833 after the death of his older half-brother Thomas' widow. Thomas had also been a banker in Leeds and London, and was the son of William Nicholson and his first wife, Hannah Slater. After Sarah's death in 1862, the property was left to Nicholson's nephew's widow and children. A dispute amongst the heirs led to the estate's being sold to the city. 

</doc>
<doc id="19263142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263142" title="Thomas Razell">
Thomas Razell

Thomas Razell (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent and he made 3 known appearances in first-class matches from 1809 to 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="19263149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263149" title="Henry Burslem">
Henry Burslem

Henry Burslem (born April 1790 at Hanbury, Worcestershire; died 11 June 1866, Kensington, London) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
Burslem was not attached to any particular club. He made 2 known appearances in first-class matches from 1810 to 1813.

</doc>
<doc id="19263158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263158" title="James Rice (cricketer)">
James Rice (cricketer)

James Rice (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer during the Napoleonic Wars.
Career.
Rice made 3 known appearances in first-class matches from 1811 to 1813. He is not known to have been attached to any particular club although, as an amateur who played all his first-class games at Lord's Middle Ground, it is possible he was a member of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), which was based at that venue. 
The matches in which Rice appeared were the only first-class fixtures of the three seasons in question. Cricket at this time had been badly impacted by a loss of both investment and manpower caused by the Napoleonic Wars. The matches were also the only first-class matches recorded on Lord's Middle Ground so Rice played his entire first-class career at that ground.

</doc>
<doc id="19263161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263161" title="Vesyolye Ulybki">
Vesyolye Ulybki

Vesyolye Ulybki (Cyrillic: Весёлые Улыбки; translation: "Happy Smiles") is t.A.T.u.'s third Russian studio album, released on October 21, 2008. The album's working title was "Управление Отбросами" (transliteration: "Upravlyeniye Otbrosami") translated as ""Waste Management"". The album reached sales of more than 200,000 copies in Russia. The English counterpart, "Waste Management", was released in December 2009.
Demo versions of nearly every song on the album can be found online.

</doc>
<doc id="19263169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263169" title="J. James (1814 cricketer)">
J. James (1814 cricketer)

J James (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
James was not attached to any particular club. He made 3 known appearances in first-class matches from 1814 to 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="19263172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263172" title="Oldest public university in the United States">
Oldest public university in the United States

The title of oldest public university in the United States is claimed by three universities: the University of Georgia, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and The College of William & Mary. Each has a distinct basis for the claim, with Georgia being the first to receive a charter to function as public university, North Carolina being the first to open to the public, and William & Mary having the oldest founding date of any currently public university. 
University of Georgia.
Located in Athens, Georgia, the University of Georgia received its charter from the state in 1785, making the University of Georgia the first state-chartered public university in the United States. As a result of this distinction UGA brands itself as the "birthplace of the American system of higher education." A site was selected for the university, and it began admitting students, in 1801.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
The state of North Carolina chartered the University of North Carolina in 1789, and construction on the campus began in 1793. The university was the first public university in the country to admit students when it opened in 1795. Graduating its first class in 1798, UNC was the only public institution to confer degrees in the 18th century.
The College of William & Mary.
Now a public university, The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia was founded by royal charter in 1693, making it the second oldest college or university in the United States, after Harvard University. The college severed formal ties with Britain after the colonies declared independence, but remained private until financial troubles forced its closure after the Civil War. It re-opened in 1888, but continued financial troubles forced it to accept funding from the Commonwealth of Virginia beginning in 1906. It has been public ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="19263179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263179" title="John Slingsby">
John Slingsby

John Slingsby (born 21 June 1788 at New Windsor, Berkshire; died 2 September 1826 at Cheltenham, Gloucestershire) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
Slingsby was not attached to any particular club. He made 2 known appearances in first-class matches in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="19263183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263183" title="Buraka Som Sistema">
Buraka Som Sistema

Buraka Som Sistema is an electronic dance music project from Portugal, specializing in a fusion of techno beats with the African zouk and kuduro genre. It is generally credited with creating the "zouk bass" and "progressive kuduro" variant and has received an MTV European Music Award.
Origins.
Buraka Som Sistema was founded in 2006 by João Barbosa (Li'l John), Rui Pité (DJ Riot), Andro Carvalho (Conductor) and Kalaf Ângelo.
Barbosa and Pité were producers from the Cool Train Crew collective, for which Kalaf was a frequent vocal collaborator. They were interested in creating a kuduro project, and had previously worked together as 1-UIK Project. They met Carvalho, a hip-hop producer from Angola and member of the hip-hop band Conjunto Ngonguenha, while he was in Portugal.
Buraka Som Sistema is the Portuguese word for word translation for Buraka Sound System, keeping the English word order (the correct translation would be "Sistema de Som da Buraka"). They took their name, Buraka, from the freguesia of Buraca in the city of Amadora, part of the Lisbon Metropolitan Area.
Career.
Their first release was "From Buraka to the World", an EP released on the Portuguese label Enchufada, which include the single "Yah!", featuring vocals from Angolan hip-hop MC Petty. It was followed by another Petty vocalized track, "Wawaba", and a re-release of "From Buraka to the World", expanded to a full album.
After touring in several European countries, including playing at the Glastonbury Festival and Roskilde Festival, the three producers released "Sound of Kuduro" in 2007, which features rapping by M.I.A., DJ Znobia, Saborosa and Puto Prata. The track was a precursor to their second album, "Black Diamond", which was released in 2008 by Sony BMG, followed by a new single, "Kalemba (Wegue Wegue)", with vocals by Pongolove.
Zouk Bass.
Buraka Som Sistema‘s recent Boiler Room session sparked some serious intrigue from global bass heads worldwide for its “introduction” of Zouk Bass — a screwed, electronic take on 80s French Antilles zouk music popularized by Kassav. Kassav music is an extension of the work of cadence-lypso bands like Experience 7, Grammacks and Exile One, all of them pioneers of Caribbean music in the early 1970s. 
We asked Buraka member Kalaf to breakdown this genre mutation for us. “We created it,” Kalaf responded via e-mail, “while recording Komba we were exploring other rhythms such as Zouk and Kizomba… When we were invited to play at the Boiler Room we had this idea to share more Lisbon sounds (beside kuduro) with the world. Since we like to twist things up we think “Zouk Bass” would be perfect name to label those beats.”
On their Enchufada label page, Buraka describe the genetic make-up of the genre in a post titled We Call It Zouk Bass: “By lowering the BPM and taking Zouk’s rhythms and melodies to meet the electronic and bass-heavy sounds of the UK underground a new genre was born.”
While BSS can certainly be credited for proliferating this new sub-genre and bringing it to a world stage, the track that inspired it all — and the first tune Buraka dropped on their Boiler Room set — was Deejay Kuimba‘s “Tarraxo Na Parede.” In an interview with Generation Bass, the Setubal (Portugal) based underground DJ/producer described the style of his track: “Zouk Bass for me it’s different than any other style but it is still based on “Tarraxinha” and “Kizomba” but totally different…. The idea is a dance style of music but leaning against the wall while dancing to it as u can imagine listening to that beat.”
Awards.
In the MTV Europe Music Awards 2007 they were 8th (out of 19) in the New Sounds of Europe International Competition and were one of the nominees for Best Portuguese Act. In the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008 they were awarded the Best Portuguese Act and were nominees for Best European Act.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. 
Golden Globes.
The Golden Globes is an annual awards ceremony by Portuguese TV station SIC. 
European Border Breakers Awards.
The European Border Breakers Award is an annual awards ceremony for artists or groups who reached audiences outside their own countries with their first internationally released album in the past year. 

</doc>
<doc id="19263193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263193" title="John Wray (actor)">
John Wray (actor)

John Wray (13 February 1887 – 5 April 1940) was an American character actor of stage and screen.
Biography.
Wray was one of the many Broadway actors to descend on Hollywood in the aftermath of the sound revolution, and quickly made an indelible impression on the era in a variety of substantial character roles, such as the Arnold Rothstein-like gangster in "The Czar of Broadway" (1930); Himmelstoss, the sadistic drill instructor in "All Quiet on the Western Front" (1930); and as the contortionist the Frog in the remake of "The Miracle Man" (1932), in the role previously played by Lon Chaney in the 1919 original. During this period he was one of the many actors mentioned for the title role in "Dracula" (1931).
Wray's roles grew increasingly smaller as the decade progressed but he was very visible as the starving farmer threatening to kill Gary Cooper in Frank Capra's classic "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town" (1936) and as the warden in Fritz Lang's "You Only Live Once" (1937).

</doc>
<doc id="19263202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263202" title="LLB (disambiguation)">
LLB (disambiguation)

LLB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263206" title="Suspensory behavior">
Suspensory behavior

Suspensory behavior, exhibited by primates, is a form of arboreal locomotion or a feeding behavior which involves hanging or suspension of the body below or among the branches, rather than moving or sitting on top of the branches. This includes brachiation, climbing, and bridging, and allows larger species to distribute their weight among smaller branches rather than balancing above these weak supports. Ruffed lemurs, sifakas, spider monkeys, gibbons, and orangutans are examples of primates that exhibit suspensory behaviors.

</doc>
<doc id="19263213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263213" title="Victor Amadeus, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Victor Amadeus, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Victor Amadeus of Anhalt-Bernburg (Harzgerode, 6 October 1634 – Bernburg, 14 February 1718), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was the sixth (but second surviving) son of Christian II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Eleonore Sophie, daughter of John II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg.
Life.
The death of his older brother, the Hereditary Prince Erdmann Gideon (4 April 1649), made Victor Amadeus the new heir of his father, whom he succeeded seven years later, in 1656. Four years after that, the death of his younger and only surviving brother Karl Ursinus left him as the only living agnate of the main line of Anhalt-Bernburg; the next heirs, until the birth of his children, were his uncle Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode, and his only son William Louis. In 1665, upon the death without heirs of William Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, the territories and title of the latter were taken over by his cousins Emmanuel and Lebrecht, the co-rulers of Anhalt-Plötzkau, whose territories were returned to Anhalt-Bernburg (from which they had originally been extracted) under Victor Amadeus. In 1709, he inherited the territories of the principality of Anhalt-Harzgerode upon the death of William Louis, who had been its ruler.
Marriage and issue.
In Meisenheim am Glan on 16 October 1667 Victor Amadeus married Elisabeth (b. Meisenheim, 22 March 1642 - d. Bernburg, 18 April 1677), daughter of Frederick, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken. They had six children:
After the death of his wife during her sixth childbirth, Victor Amadeus remained a widower for the next forty-one years, until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19263230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263230" title="Chhoti Bahen">
Chhoti Bahen

Choti Bahen is a 1959 Hindi film that stars Nanda in the title role, and Balraj Sahni, Shyama and Rehman.

</doc>
<doc id="19263232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263232" title="David Poythress">
David Poythress

David Poythress is a Georgia politician. He has served terms as Secretary of State and Commissioner of Labor of the state of Georgia. Poythress also served as the Adjutant General of the Georgia National Guard from 1999 until 2007, initially appointed by Governor Roy Barnes and subsequently reappointed by Governor Sonny Perdue. He retired as a Lieutenant General.
In 1998, Poythress made an unsuccessful bid for Governor of Georgia. On August 26, 2008, Poythress announced his intention to run again as a Democratic candidate for Governor in the 2010 election. In both 1998 and 2010, Poythress lost to Roy Barnes.
Poythress and his wife Elizabeth have three grown children and eight grandchildren. He is a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="19263233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263233" title="Hunterdon County Courthouse">
Hunterdon County Courthouse

The Hunterdon County Courthouse is an historic site located in Flemington, the county seat of Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States, that is best known as the site of the 1935 "Trial of the Century" of Bruno Hauptmann and his conviction and sentence of death for his role in the Lindbergh kidnapping.
Construction.
While Hunterdon County was established in 1714, the first courthouse in the county was built in 1791, replacing a facility that existed in Trenton, in Mercer County. This first courthouse lasted until it was destroyed by fire in 1828, with arson the suspected cause.
The current courthouse was built in 1828 on the site of the original facility, with stone from the first building used to construct the jail behind the courthouse. The jail was used until 1985 when it was replaced by a new county jail; the courthouse remained in use until 1996 when a new justice center was opened.
"Trial of the Century".
The trial of Hauptmann attracted sightseers to the courthouse and the attached jail. In October 1934, "The New York Times" reported that the courthouse was drawing hundreds of curious spectators.
Edward J. Reilly was hired by the "Daily Mirror" to serve as Hauptmann's attorney. Two other lawyers, Lloyd Fisher and Frederick Pope, were co-counselors. David T. Wilentz, New Jersey Attorney General, led the prosecution.
In addition to Hauptmann's possession of the ransom money, the State introduced evidence showing a strong similarity between Hauptmann's handwriting and the handwriting on the ransom notes. The State also introduced photographic evidence demonstrating that the wood from the ladder left at the crime scene matched a plank from the floor of Hauptmann's attic. Condon and Charles Lindbergh both testified that Hauptmann was "John". Another witness, Amandus Hockmuth, testified that he saw Hauptmann near the scene of the crime.
Hauptmann was ultimately convicted of the crimes and sentenced to death. His appeals were rejected, though New Jersey Governor Harold G. Hoffman granted a temporary reprieve of Hauptmann's execution and made the politically unpopular move of having the New Jersey Board of Pardons review the case, though the Board found no reason to overturn the verdict. He was electrocuted on April 19, 1937, just over four years after the kidnapping.
Modern times.
A matching grant of more than $500,000 for restoration, rehabilitation and stabilization of the site was received from the New Jersey Historic Trust in 1997, part of $11.5 million granted to 30 historic sites across the state, and the only site selected in Hunterdon County.
Artifacts from the courthouse remain on display, including the witness chair from the Lindbergh Kidnapping trial and hand-carved jury chairs The courthouse has been used for reenactments of the 1935 trial, including a 1994 presentation of the play "Lindbergh and Hauptmann: The Trial of the Century".

</doc>
<doc id="19263241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263241" title="Highway 18 (TV series)">
Highway 18 (TV series)

Highway 18 is an American reality television game show that premiered on Golf Channel on July 22, 2008. Set in Florida, the series is hosted by Keri Murphy. The show features five teams of twosomes racing against each other in a series of challenges to complete a "Clubhouse Challenge" allowing them to move to the next round. The show airs Tuesday nights at 10pm on Golf Channel.
Show format.
Each week, the five teams are given clues to a location to which they must all race. On arriving, they will have a challenge that will test one part of their golf game.
Once they complete this mini-challenge, they will be given clues to get to their next location. This could be another test, a quiz, or the Clubhouse Challenge.
Clubhouse Challenge.
The final showdown each week is the Clubhouse Challenge. The teams must play a hole, either both playing or alternating strokes, and complete the hole as quickly as possible. Once the hole is completed, they must rush back to the Clubhouse and retrieve a golf ball. The team who arrives last will lose that challenge. Losing a challenge once will give the team a "strike", but losing a second time will be the end of the road for that team.
Locations.
Season 1

</doc>
<doc id="19263252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263252" title="List of RahXephon albums">
List of RahXephon albums

This is a list of music albums and singles from the Anime series "RahXephon".
Albums.
RahXephon O.S.T. 1.
RahXephon O.S.T. 1 is the first soundtrack album released for RahXephon. Except for the opening track, Hemisphere, all music and lyrics are by Ichiko Hashimoto and performed by her. She is joined by her sister Mayumi Hashimoto on the last track.
"Yume no Tamago (Egg of the Dream)", the last track, was used as the ending theme for all but the last episode. The musical theme from this track also appears as one of the musical themes in the ending of the last episode, "Before you know". It is also used by "Second Sorrow" in episode 19 "Blue Friend".
RahXephon O.S.T. 2.
RahXephon O.S.T. 2 is the second soundtrack album from the anime series "RahXephon". All music and lyrics are by Ichiko Hashimoto and performed by her. She is again joined by her sister Mayumi Hashimoto on the song "Yume no Tamago (Egg of the Dream)". Houko Kuwashima, the voice of Quon, also sings on this album.
Hashimoto described this as "more organic" than the first soundtrack, and it contains some music that was recorded after the series had begun airing.
The theme of "La, la Maladie du Sommeil" is from Polovetsian Dances. This track is featured on the album (VICL-61796).
Content and use.
The track "Huge Suites" () features a melody played in turn by different instruments, over a snare drum rhythm and a counter-melody, beginning quietly and rising in a crescendo. This track thus shares some of its structure with Maurice Ravel's "Boléro". The initial rhythmic pattern in "Huge Suites" is simpler than that in "Boléro", consisting of only 6 beats. The track as a whole is more ornate, however, with transitions in melody theme and rhythmic pattern. While the main melody of "Boléro" transitions back and forth between two themes ( ), this track transitions back and forth between four themes. The first rhythmic change is at 1:23, coinciding with the third theme transition. At 2:00, the string section returns to the original rhythmic pattern while the percussion does not; the previous rhythm thus becomes a counter-rhythm. In contrast, "Boléro" keeps the same rhythmic pattern going all the way until the end. "Huge Suites" has its final transition at 2:18, where the counter melodies end and both the rhythm and theme dive into a crescendo that builds for the last 40 seconds of the track. The main theme from this track is also used for the song "Brave" on the next album.
RahXephon O.S.T. 3.
RahXephon O.S.T. 3 is the third and last soundtrack album from the anime TV series "RahXephon", but it is followed by the soundtrack to the "RahXephon" movie. All music and lyrics are by Ichiko Hashimoto and performed by her and supporting musicians. Houko Kuwashima, the voice of Quon, sings an intentionally distorted theme from Alexander Borodin's Polovetsian Dances on track 18 "Way to the Tune".
Content and use.
The album opens on "Midday Dream", a slightly chaotic jazz improvisation that is followed by two tracks with shouting vocals: "Guten Morgen" and "First Explosion". "Mad Wing" takes the chaos to a crescendo. "Brave" has a fast-beat backing track heavy on percussions with occasional electric guitar solos and English vocals performed by Hashimoto; the melody is the main theme from "Huge Suites" on the previous album. Track 6 "Tailspins" is a fast-beat track that was used for the air battle in the series episode 1. 
Tracks 7 through 12 are piano sonatas; the first one, "Innocent World", is playful and up-tempo while the rest are calmer, meditative pieces similar to "Solitudes" from the first album. 
Track 14 "Writes herself" was used for episode 19, as was track 16 "Second Sorrow", which is a version of the ending theme "Yume no Tamago". Track 15 "Reverse Point" is a piece performed by a double string quartet (an octet) and used for the planning scene in episode 21.
"Object Float" is used in the "tuning", along with "My Soundscape", which also appears in some "eyecatches" (commercial bumpers) in previous episodes. "Way to the Tune" starts out as a distorted version of "Gliding Dance of the Maidens" from Polovetsian Dances performed by Houko Kuwashima, receding into synthesizer ambience.
"Before you know" is used for the ending credits of the final episode. It starts out as symphonic piece with french horns, strings, harp and wood blocks. Clarinette and flute then play the lead, joined by strings. A string bridge takes the track to a transition where the lead is played by drawn strings accentuated by pizzicato violin, while an electronic hi-hat and brush beat fades into the symphony. The melody transitions into a version of "Yume no Tamago", brought to the fore with tubular bells and grand piano, while a pronounced snare drum is added to the beat.
The final track "Previous notice" is a short and fast composition for piano and drum kit that was used for the episode previews.
RahXephon Pluralitas Concentio O.S.T..
RahXephon Pluralitas Concentio O.S.T. is the official soundtrack album from the anime movie "", part of the "RahXephon" series.
The album does not contain all the music featured in the film, but the "missing" music can be found on the other "RahXephon" sound track albums.
All music, except for the single tracks "Tune the Rainbow" and "Hemisphere", is composed by Ichiko Hashimoto.
Track listing.
Original version.
Tracks 1 through 12 on the original version are original compositions for the movie, while tracks 13 through 21 are reprises from the TV series soundtracks.
Singles.
Hemisphere.
"Hemisphere" was used as the opening theme for Yutaka Izubuchi's anime series "RahXephon", in which Sakamoto also played a character. The track is included in the soundtrack albums "RahXephon O.S.T. 1" and "Super Robot Wars MX OST". It is also included in Sakamoto's "Single Collection+ Nikopachi" single collection album. 
The single includes the instrumental version of "Hemisphere" that was used for the opening of "RahXephon" episode 4. Not included is a re-arranged synthesizer version of "Hemisphere" that appeared in the "Super Robot Wars MX" game itself.
The only other song featured on the single is called "Music".
Tune the Rainbow.
"Tune the Rainbow" is the 12th single by Japanese singer Maaya Sakamoto. The lyrics to the title track were written by Yuho Iwasato and the music was composed and arranged by Yoko Kanno. It was used as the ending theme for the anime television movie "" in which Sakamoto also voiced a character. It was included in both the soundtrack album "RahXephon Pluralitas Concentio O.S.T." and in the "Single Collection+ Nikopachi" single collection.
The single features a track called "The Garden of Everything", with lyrics by Sakamoto and Chris Mosdell, and sung by Steve Conte and Sakamoto. This track is also composed by Kanno, with a submelody from Alexander Borodin's Polovetsian Dances.
The single reached the weekly top ten Oricon ranking, but it is the fifth most-sold single of Maaya Sakamoto, and had not sold as many copies as "Kiseki no Umi", "Hemisphere" or "Loop", although those singles peaked lower in the ranking
Audio drama.
An audio drama titled "RahXephon Sound Drama" was released on CD in Japan in September 2002. It consists of 1 teaser track, 13 scene tracks, 2 music tracks and 1 "preview" track. The story is about Ayato receiving a box of chocolates as an anonymous Valentine's Day gift, and the quest to find out who sent it.

</doc>
<doc id="19263253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263253" title="Mike Turzai">
Mike Turzai

Michael Coyne Turzai (born August 2, 1959) is an American politician currently serving as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Turzai has represented the 28th legislative district since 2001 and is a member of the Republican Party. He currently serves as the House Majority Leader, a position he has held since 2011.
Career.
Mike Turzai won a special election for a seat in the 28th District, representing communities in the North Hills of Allegheny County, in 2001.
Rep. Turzai has twice been elected by his peers to serve as majority leader for the House Republican Caucus. In that position, Turzai plans the House voting calendar and promotes the legislative agenda of his caucus. He leads discussion and debate on major issues and presents the caucus position on the House floor.
During the 2011-12 legislative session, he was instrumental in passing the Fair Share Act, a bill that abolishes joint and several liability. Turzai said, "The Fair Share Act is commonsense legislation aimed at saving jobs."
During the same session, Turzai led efforts to modernize the state’s unemployment compensation system, including an active job search requirement for recipients to continue to receive benefits.
In February 2013, the House passed Turzai's legislation to reform the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Project (RACP) program. In June, the House passed, for the third straight year, an on-time, balanced and conservative state budget.
Turzai has advocated privatizing the state-owned wine and spirit monopoly in Pennsylvania, and dismantling the wholesale and retail operations of the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board. His efforts led to the historic passage of House Bill 790 in the state House on March 21, 2013. That process began four years prior when, as Minority Whip, Turzai began to build the case to break up the PLCB monopoly. Pointing to an inherent conflict of interest (boosting sales while regulating and enforcing the laws) and to government’s total ineptitude to manage a business, Turzai built the case and presented evidence. Virtually every newspaper endorsed his plan to privatize – something unprecedented in the state. Despite the efforts of long-entrenched interests, Turzai succeeded in gaining House to passage of HB 790, to privatize wine and spirits in Pennsylvania – a first since Governor Pinchot enacted the state store system in 1934. The bill awaits consideration by the full Senate.
On June 23, 2012, Turzai stated at a meeting of the Republican State Committee that Pennsylvania's recent voter identification law would "allow Governor to win the state of Pennsylvania" in the 2012 U.S. Presidential election. This comment drew criticisms in the press and from Pennsylvania Democrats, who took the comment as an admission that the true motives for passing Pennsylvania's voter ID law were partisan. Commonwealth Court judge Robert Simpson, in an order denying the plaintiffs' request for an injunction blocking the voter ID law in the case "Applewhite v. Commonwealth of Pennyslvania", described Turzai's remarks as "disturbing" and "tendentious". On August 16, 2012, Turzai said; "It is unfortunate, but there has been a history of voter fraud in Pennsylvania". However, during court proceedings state officials admitted that in-person election fraud was uncommon.
The state stipulated that it "will not offer any evidence "Applewhite v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania" that in-person voter fraud has in fact occurred in Pennsylvania or elsewhere" and that it "will not offer any evidence or argument that in person voter fraud is likely to occur in November 2012 in the absence of the Photo ID law." Turzai said that voter identification "is really just about presenting voter identification. Which you do when you're buying Sudafed at a drugstore, or going to a place to buy beer, or to a gym," during a Fox News debate with a state senator.
Personal.
Turzai is a graduate of University of Notre Dame and the Duke University School of Law. He and his wife reside in Bradford Woods, Pennsylvania with their three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19263270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263270" title="Sandusky County Regional Airport">
Sandusky County Regional Airport

Sandusky County Regional Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) southeast of the central business district of Fremont, a city in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Sandusky County Regional Airport has one runway designated 6/24 with a 5,500 by 100 ft (1,676 x 30 m) asphalt pavement. For the 12-month period ending May 31, 2008, the airport had 5,390 aircraft operations, an average of 14 per day: 79% general aviation, 20% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 16 aircraft based at this airport: 69% single-engine, 25% multi-engine and 6% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="19263272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263272" title="Wheeler House">
Wheeler House

Wheeler House or Wheeler Home or variations may refer to:
"(by state then city)"

</doc>
<doc id="19263279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263279" title="William E. Starke">
William E. Starke

William Edwin Starke (1814 – September 17, 1862) was a wealthy Gulf Coast businessman and a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in action at the Battle of Antietam while commanding the famed "Stonewall Division," a unit first made famous under Stonewall Jackson.
Early life and career.
Starke was born in Brunswick County, Virginia. His younger brother Peter Burwell Starke also became a general in the Confederate army, as well as a Mississippi politician. Prior to the Civil War, the brothers worked in the family's stagecoach business that operated between Lawrenceville and Petersburg, Virginia. In 1840, William Starke moved to the South, becoming a successful cotton broker in Mobile, Alabama, and New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1858, he purchased the SS "Texas Ranger", a former supply ship, from the Federal government and used it to haul cotton to his customers. 
Starke was married to Louisa Grey Hicks, the daughter of a prominent Brunswick County businessman. Their daughter Sallie was born in Melrose, Alabama.
Civil War.
At the outbreak of the Civil War early in 1861, despite his lack of formal military education, Starke was named as the lieutenant colonel of the 53rd Virginia Infantry until June. He subsequently was an aide-de-camp to Gen. Robert S. Garnett in western Virginia, but was without a position following Garnett's death in the Battle of Corrick's Ford. His coolness and judgment in the midst of the confusion that followed the death of General Garnett were highly commended by Colonel William B. Taliaferro, who succeeded to command. He temporarily served on the staff of Robert E. Lee in August 1861.
Later in the year, he received a commission as the colonel of the 60th Virginia Infantry. He led the regiment during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign. He was wounded in the hand during the Seven Days Battles on June 26, 1862, but resumed his duties after a three-day recovery period before finally relinquishing command after the battle. 
For his gallant efforts during the fighting, he was commended twice and then promoted to brigadier general on August 6, 1862. He was assigned command of the Second Louisiana Brigade. He led the Stonewall Division during the Second Battle of Manassas following the wounding of General Taliaferro. For unknown reasons, Jackson decided not to leave him in permanent command, appointing a staff officer (John R. Jones) instead.
In mid-September, Starke's Brigade was part of the force under Stonewall Jackson that captured the large Union garrison at Harpers Ferry, after which they marched into Sharpsburg, Maryland, on September 16. A strong Union attack on the morning of September 17 drove back the Confederate lines. Starke was shot three times and died within an hour. He was one of six generals killed or mortally wounded at Antietam.
His body was buried in the Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia, next to his son who had been killed two months earlier at the Battle of Seven Pines.
Memorialization.
Col. Bradley T. Johnson, in his official report on Second Manassas, wrote concerning the death of Starke: 
I cannot forbear doing but scant justice to a gallant soldier now no more. It was my fortune during the two days of battle, during which he commanded the division, to be thrown constantly in contact with Brigadier-General Starke. The buoyant dash with which he led his brigade into the most withering fire on Friday, though then in command of the division; the force he showed in the handling of this command; the coolness and judgment which distinguished him in action, made him to me a marked man, and I regretted his early death as a great loss to the army and the cause. 
Fellow Confederate officer Clement A. Evans later wrote, "His name deserves lasting remembrance in association with the Stonewall division."
A mortuary cannon on the Antietam Battlefield marks the approximate place where Starke was shot the third time, west of the Hagerstown Turnpike in the West Woods area. It was dedicated in October 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="19263282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263282" title="Administrative divisions of Iran">
Administrative divisions of Iran

On the first level of country subdivisions of Iran are the provinces.
Each province is further subdivided into counties called shahrestan (), and each shahrestan is subdivided into districts called bakhsh (). There are usually a few cities () and rural agglomerations () in each county. Rural agglomerations are a collection of a number of villages. One of the cities of the county is appointed as the capital of the county. 
According to the Statistical Center of Iran, the figures are as follows, as of March 2005 (end of Iranian calendar 1383): 
To better understand such subdivisions, the following table may be helpful. Assume that province P is divided into two counties: A and B. County A has 3 districts: Central, X, and Y. The Central district is the district that contains City M, the capital of the county. Each district might contain one or more cities and/or one or more RAs (rural agglomerations). In our example, the Central district contains City M, City N, and RA T composed of the villages V1, V2, V3, and V4, in turn; district X contains City O and RA U; and district Y has no cities and one RA V. The minimal county consists of only one city as the only district, named Central, of course. The county B in the following table is of such type, containing only one city Q. 

</doc>
<doc id="19263285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263285" title="Tanya Mayo">
Tanya Mayo

Tanya Mayo is an actress and activist. She was a national coordinator in Not In Our Name. A graduate of George Washington High School where she acted in plays such as "The Miracle Worker" and "Cabaret" (with Alec Mapa and Ken Choy), Tanya has worked with Rhodessa Jones.
In 2004, she debated Sean Hannity regarding protest tactics at the 2004 GOP convention.
Tanya is the daughter of Whitman Mayo.

</doc>
<doc id="19263288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263288" title="Gourdou-Leseurre GL.50">
Gourdou-Leseurre GL.50

The Gourdou-Leseurre GL.50, also known as the Gourdou-Leseurre Type F, was a French fighter prototype of the early 1920s.
Development.
In April 1919, General Duval of the French Armée de l'Air set out for the replacement of two of the principal categories of aircraft within the air force - CAP2 ("Chasse, Armée, Biplace" meaning 'armed two-seat fighter') and CAN2 ("Chasse, Armée, Nuit, Biplace" meaning 'armed two-seat night fighter'). Gourdou-Leseurre put forward the GL-50 as a submission for the CAP2 category (despite the fact that this categorisation system was removed in 1920). Its 300 hp Hispano-Suiza engine was intended to be fitted with a supercharger, however this was not fitted, despite the fact it would have increased its performance drastically. It was of wooden construction, with a long-span untapered wing, considered unusual at the time, that feature being more in line with single-seat aircraft design, as were the wing bracing struts.
Operational history.
The date is not recorded of the first flight of the GL-50, however it is known that it occurred in 1922. However, for no apparent reason the aircraft did not satisfy the needs of the specification and therefore no further production was continued. Only 1 GL.50 was built, and also one of its main variant, the GL.51.

</doc>
<doc id="19263303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263303" title="6th Night Fighter Squadron">
6th Night Fighter Squadron

The 6th Night Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Seventh Air Force, being inactivated at Yokota Airfield, Japan on February 20, 1947.
History.
Origins.
The squadron's origins began in December 1916 when the United States Army established seven air squadrons. The 6th Aero Squadron, as it would be designated, was first organized on 13 March 1917 at Rockwell Field, California. From the outset, the squadron was to be organized and then sent to Fort Kamehameha, Hawaii to establish a permanent air presence. Curtiss JN-4s and two Curtiss N-9 seaplanes were assigned to the squadron. In early 1917, the still undesignated squadron was equipped with men and equipment. Captain John F. Curry was relieved from duty with the 1st Aero Squadron in New Mexico and ordered to Fort Kamehameha in January 1917 with orders to establish a seaplane base; in March Captain John B. Brooks and 49 men arrived from Rockwell Field and on the 13th the squadron was officially activated. 
Captain Curry chose Ford Island in Pearl Harbor as the permanent base for the 6th Aero Squadron for several reasons: “It had excellent approaches and plenty of water for landings and take-offs. It faced into the prevailing wind and a land airdrome could be easily made, and it was the cheapest and most available land (really the only available land) that fulfilled all the requirements for the operation of the squadron.
Curry’s recommendations to situate the 6th Aero Squadron at Ford Island were approved locally then, also, in Washington. He stated, “I then made the necessary arrangements with the owners, the John Ii Estate, for the purchase of the land and drew up plans for the establishment of a base that would accommodate several squadrons. Estimates amounting to about $1,300,000 were submitted for the establishment of the base and an additional sum of about $325,000 for the purchase of the Island.” On September 25, 1917 the 6th Aero Squadron abandoned Fort Kamehameha and moved to the new site, under Brooks’ command. They began clearing the land to establish the first Army Air Service Station in Hawaii.
However, there was no action on Ford Island’s purchase. When Curry returned to the mainland for reassignment (August 1917), he followed up on his recommendation and managed to obtain final approval for Ford Island’s purchase. The Oahu Sugar Company surrendered its leasehold to Ford Island in late 1917 to complete the sale. It was understood by the War Department that both the Navy and the Army would use Ford Island. The station was officially renamed Luke Field in 1919 after World War I fighter pilot Frank Luke who was killed in action over the Western Front.
Intra-War period.
After the end of World War I, the 6th Aero Squadron was retained by the Army on the active list of Air Service squadrons. It was assigned on 15 September 1919 to the 2d Observation Group (subsequently re-designated as the 5th Observation Group, and later the 5th Composite Group) at Luke Field. With the establishment of the United States Army Air Service in 1921, the squadron was re-designated as the 6th Squadron (Pursuit), and then the 6th Pursuit Squadron on 25 January 1923. 
Luke Field developed into a sizable base as additional Army and Navy units were stationed there. Pursuit planes and bombers made up the squadron's flight inventory. In 1927, the squadron was moved to the Wheeler Field, when it was relieved from assignment to the 5th Composite Group was formed into the provisional 18th Pursuit Group along with the 19th Pursuit Squadron. The 18th was formally activated on 21 January 1927. In the 1920s and early 30s, the squadron was equipped with World War I surplus Dayton-Wright DH-4 and Boeing PW-9 aircraft. Ppilots flew training missions in the air defense of Hawaii
During the 1930s, the squadron was equipped with a mixture of hand-me-down aircraft that were transferred from stateside units to Hawaii. In 1938 new Boeing P-26 Peashooters were assigned to the squadron, being replaced by Curtiss P-36A Hawk fighters in 1939.
World War II.
The Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor destroyed the squadron's 18 P-36As on the line at Wheeler Field, none of the aircraft survived. It was re-equipped with some P-40C Warhawks that were shipped in from the states and the squadron resumed air defense flights in the surrounding waters. It was moved to Kahuku Field in the northern part of the Island of Oʻahu as a dispersal move in August 1942 where it continued its air defense mission, moving to Kipapa Airfield in November.
At Kipapa, the Warhawks were replaced with Douglas P-70s and the squadron was re-designated as the 6th Night Fighter Squadron in January 1943. After training in night interception operations in Hawaii, The squadron began combat operations in February of 1943 from Guadalcanal, in an attempt to intercept high-flying Japanese night raiders. The P-70s, however didn't have the speed to intercept the Japanese Zero, and two P-38F Lightnings equipped with radar as single seat night fighters were assigned to the squadron to curb the activities of "Bedcheck Charlie", a Japanese aircraft flying nuisance sorties over Gualdacanal at night. 
On March 20/21, 1943, Detachment B’s P-70s failed to stop Japanese night bombers from damaging fifteen of the 307th Bomb Group’s B-24s and five of the 5th Bomb Group’s B-17s on the ground at Guadalcanal. Eight months later, in November, enemy night bombers sank one and damaged three Allied ships at Bougainville. The AAF concluded from this initial experiment in night fighting that “it proved impossible to prevent the Japanese from inflicting some damage” on U.S. ground and surface forces.
The 6th NFS received their first P-61s in early June, 1944. The aircraft were quickly assembled and underwent flight testing as the pilots transitioned from the squadron's aging P-70s. The first operational P-61 mission occurred on June 25. On June 30, 1944, the P-61 scored its first kill when a Japanese G4M Betty bomber was shot down. Japanese night bombers launched a major effort to disrupt the construction of U.S. airfields on Saipan needed for the B-29 campaign against the home islands. Flying P-61s, the 6th NFS began defensive operations nine days after the Marines’ June 15 landing. Enemy attackers held the initiative until new Microwave Early Warning radars linked to SCR-615 and AN/TPS-10 “Li’l Abner” height-finder radars made three Japanese sorties one-way trips. In thirty-seven attempts at interception from June 24 to July 21, the defense made twenty-seven airborne radar contacts and claimed three kills. 
A typical Japanese aerial assault force consisted of a dozen Mitsubishi G4M Betty bombers flying twenty miles apart. P-61 crews discovered that if they could shoot down the lead bomber, the others would jettison their bombs and flee. Black Widows from the 6th NFS and the 548th NFS downed five additional enemy intruders before the attacks stopped in January 1945. The 6th NFS flew defensive patrols to protect the B-29 bases there until the end of the war.
Postwar and inactivation.
With the end of combat, the 6th Night Fighter Squadron returned to Hawaii and was largely demobilized of personnel. It was transferred to Occupied Japan in June 1946 where it became part of the air defense of Japan. It was inactivated due to budget consolidations in February 1947, its personnel and equipment being transferred to the 339th Fighter Squadron (All Weather).
It has never been reactivated.

</doc>
<doc id="19263334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263334" title="Linux Documentation Project">
Linux Documentation Project

The Linux Documentation Project (LDP) is an all-volunteer project that maintains a large collection of GNU and Linux-related documentation and publishes the collection online. It began as a way for hackers to share their documentation with each other and with their users, and for users to share documentation with each other. Its documents tend to be oriented towards experienced users such as professional system administrators, but it also contains tutorials for beginners.
History.
The LDP originally began as an FTP site in 1992, but it went on the World Wide Web at MetaLab in 1993. It is believed to have been the first Linux related website ever.
Today, the LDP serves over 475 documents contributed by even more authors. About a dozen of them are book length, and most of those are available in print from major technical publishers including O'Reilly.
On 1 September 2008, LDP started a wiki to allow a better interaction with the authors and the users.
Content.
The LDP publishes many HowTo documents, which instruct a user on the specific steps to take to achieve a desired goal. These goals are sometimes very specific, such as configuring a particular modem, and sometimes very broad, such as how to administer a network for an ISP.
Very broad topics are covered in the guides, which are book-length documents, usually on broad subjects such as security or networking.
The LDP also publishes Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) lists, man pages and other documents, as well as two webzines, the Linux Gazette and Linux Focus.
Much of the LDP collection is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL). Many other licenses are also used, as long as they are freely distributable. Current policy recommends the GFDL.
Linux Network Administrator's Guide is one book in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19263348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263348" title="St. Mark's Lutheran Church">
St. Mark's Lutheran Church

St. Mark's Lutheran Church can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263351" title="Lac-Lenôtre, Quebec">
Lac-Lenôtre, Quebec

Lac-Lenôtre is an unorganized territory in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It is one of the five unorganized territories in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality. It is named after Lake Lenôtre.
Demographics.
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="19263365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263365" title="I Like It">
I Like It

I Like It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263366" title="Nasse-setä">
Nasse-setä

Nasse-setä (Finnish for "Uncle Nasse") is a Finnish sketch comedy character who appeared on the shows "Spede Show" and "Vesku Show" in the 1980s and 1990s, played by Vesa-Matti Loiri. Nasse-setä was the host of a children's television show, who hated children, and was nearly always drunk. His distinguishing features included a garishly-coloured jacket, a clown's nose made of a table tennis ball, and a yellowed Finnish matriculation cap. His catch phrase was "Nasse-setä on hyvin hyvin vihainen" ("Uncle Nasse is very very angry"), which became popular throughout Finland.
When hosting his children's hour, Nasse-setä tried to, often through gritted teeth, present an image of a child-loving jovial uncle, but often failed to conceal the disgust he felt towards children and sometimes even flat-out verbally insulted his young audience. He often appeared to use intoxicants, often behind the scenes but sometimes also in plain view: In one sketch, he crouched behind his desk to smoke a cigarette during the show, in another -- while trying to do magic tricks -- he claimed his alcoholic beverage to be a "magic drink" helping him to perform the tricks, and in one sketch he had created a chime instrument out of half-empty liquor bottles and had to repeatedly "tune" his instruments by sipping from the bottles. He was also known to ask children to send him ten-markka bills or photographs of their mothers. At one time, Nasse-setä explained how he had ended up as host of a children's show: on the day when he was at a career fitting test, the meters were out of order.
According to unofficial word of mouth, the inspiration for Nasse-setä was the Hollywood worker, and Finnish legend Markus-setä (Markus Rautio), who hosted the "Markus-sedän lastentunti" ("Children's hour with Uncle Markus") on Yleisradio from 1926 to 1956. According to word of mouth, he hated children in real life, but in the radio shows he hosted it was, of course, never revealed. The outward appearance of Nasse-setä is a parody of the "Sirkus Papukaija" character Faqir Kronblom.
In the 1990s, a children's song collection LP record called "Nasse-sedän lastentunti" (Children's hour with Uncle Nasse) was published. The record did not contain songs performed by Nasse-setä, only a few speaking parts between the songs.
Nasse-setä also appears in the Uuno Turhapuro films "Uuno Epsanjassa" (1985) and "Uuno Turhapuro - This Is My Life" (2004). For the 2004 Turhapuro film, Vesa-Matti Loiri put on Nasse-setä make-up for the first time in years.
Nasse-setä sketches can be found on the "Spede Show" DVD publications: "Spede-Show - Kliffaa hei 1984-1985", "Spede Show - Ihan huvin vuoksi 1985-1986" and "Spede Show - Kyllä kansa tietää 1986-1987" as well as the "Vesku Show" DVD publications "Vesku Show - Kuselan paluu" and "Vesku Show - Vili, Vili, Vili...".

</doc>
<doc id="19263392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263392" title="Attributive verb">
Attributive verb

An attributive verb is a verb that modifies (expresses an attribute of) a noun in the manner of an attributive adjective, rather than express an independent idea as a predicate. 
In English (and in most European languages), verb forms that can be used attributively are typically non-finite forms—participles and infinitives—as well as certain verb-derived words that function as ordinary adjectives. All words of these types may be called verbal adjectives, although those of the latter type (those that behave grammatically like ordinary adjectives, with no verb-like features) may be distinguished as deverbal adjectives. An example of a verbal adjective with verb-like features is the word "wearing" in the sentence "The man wearing a hat is my father" (it behaves as a verb in taking an object, "a hat", although the resulting phrase "wearing a hat" functions like an attributive adjective in modifying "man"). An example of a deverbal adjective is the word "interesting" in "That was a very interesting speech"; although it is derived from the verb "to interest", it behaves here entirely like an ordinary adjective such as "nice" or "long".
However, some languages, such as Japanese and Chinese, can use finite verbs attributively. In such a language, "the man wearing a hat" might translate, word-for-word, into "the wears a hat man". Here, the function of an attributive adjective is played by the phrase "wears a hat", which is headed by the finite verb "wears" (This is a kind of "relative clause".).
English.
As mentioned above, verb forms that are used attributively in English are often called verbal adjectives, or in some cases deverbal adjectives (if they no longer behave grammatically as verbs).
The truly "verbal" adjectives are non-finite verb forms: participles (present and past), and sometimes "to"-infinitives. These act as verbs in that they form a verb phrase, possibly taking objects and other dependents and modifiers that are typical of verbs; however that verb phrase then plays the role of an attributive adjective in the larger sentence. In the following examples, the attributive verb is bolded, and the verb phrase acting as the attributive adjective is shown in italics.
Deverbal adjectives often have the same form as (and similar meaning to) the participles, but behave grammatically purely as adjectives – they do not take objects, for example, as a verb might. For example:
Sometimes deverbal adjectives additionally take prefixes, as in "hand-fed turkeys", "uneaten food" and "meat-eating animals". Some compound adjectives are formed using the plain infinitive form of the verb, as in "a no-go area" or "no-fly zone", and "take-away food". Occasionally they are finite verb phrases: "a must-see movie"; "their can-do attitude". Verbal and deverbal adjectives can often also be used as predicate (rather than attributive) adjectives, as in "The game was exciting"; "The cat was sitting on the fence". Deverbal adjectives may form further derivatives, such as adverbs ("excitedly", "interestingly").
English has analogous types of verbal nouns (truly verbal kinds – gerunds and infinitives – and deverbal nouns). Deverbal nouns may also be used attributively, as noun adjuncts, as in "a swimming competition".
For more details of the usage of some of the above verb forms, see Uses of non-finite verbs in English.
Japanese.
Japanese allows attributive finite verbs, and the following characteristics of Japanese are common among verb-final languages. For example, in Japanese, predicative verbs come at the end of the clause, after the nouns, while attributive verbs come before the noun. These are mostly equivalent to relative clauses in English; Japanese does not have relative pronouns like "who", "which", or "when":
Japanese attributive verbs inflect for grammatical aspect, as here, and grammatical polarity, but not commonly for politeness. For example, the polite form of "hito ga aruita" is "hito ga arukimashita," but the form "arukimashita hito" is not common (felt to be too polite and paraphrastic), though it is grammatically correct. Except for this, modern Japanese verbs have the same form whether predicative or attributive. (The only exception is the copula, which is "da" or "desu" when used predicatively and "na" when used attributively.) Historically, however, these had been separate forms. This is still the case in languages such as Korean and Turkish. The following examples illustrate the difference:
Classical Japanese:
Turkish:
Notice that all of these languages have a verb-final word order, and that none of them have relative pronouns. They also do not have a clear distinction between verbs and adjectives, as can be seen in Japanese:
In Japanese, "aoi" "blue" is effectively a descriptive verb rather than an adjective.
Bantu languages.
In the Bantu languages, attributive verbs are formed by the addition of the 'pre-prefix' (or 'initial vowel'). For example, in Luganda:
This is similar to the behaviour of attributive adjectives:
The attributive verb formation is the usual way of forming relatives in Luganda when the antecedent is the subject of the subordinate verb, and is sometimes called the 'subject relative'. Relative pronouns do exist, but they're only used for 'object relatives', "i.e." relative clauses where the antecedent is the object of the subordinate verb.

</doc>
<doc id="19263397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263397" title="Hot, Flat, and Crowded">
Hot, Flat, and Crowded

Hot, Flat, and Crowded: Why We Need a Green Revolution—And How It Can Renew America is a book by "New York Times" Foreign Affairs columnist Thomas Friedman, proposing that the solutions to global warming and the best method to regain the United States' economic and political stature in the world is to embrace the clean energy and green technology industries. The title derives from the convergence of Hot (global warming), Flat (globalization, as discussed in Friedman's book "The World Is Flat") and Crowded (population growth).
The book was released on September 8, 2008 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. The audiobook was released simultaneously by Macmillan Audio. The cover art is taken from Hieronymus Bosch's "The Garden of Earthly Delights".
Release 2.0 Updated and Expanded was published in November 2009.
Summary.
In the book, Friedman addresses America’s surprising loss of focus and national purpose since 9/11 and the global environmental crisis. He advocates that global warming, rapidly growing populations, and the expansion of the global middle class is leading to a convergence of hot, flat, and crowded. The solution to the environmental threat and the best way for America to renew its purpose is linked: take the lead in a worldwide effort to replace wasteful, inefficient energy practices with a strategy for clean energy, energy efficiency, and conservation. This means that the big economic opportunities have shifted from IT (Information Technology) in recent decades to ET (renewable Environmental Technologies). Friedman frequently uses 2050 as a marker for when it will be too late for our world to reverse the harmful effects of climate change.
Friedman writes that the needed green revolution of the title would be more ambitious than any project so far undertaken: It will be the biggest innovation project in American history; and it will change everything from transportation to the utilities industry. This project is described in terms of nation-building.
The book alleges we've gone from the "Cold War Era" to the "Energy-Climate Era", marked by five major problems: growing demand for scarcer supplies, massive transfer of wealth to petrodictators, disruptive climate change, poor have-nots falling behind, and an accelerating loss of biodiversity. A green strategy is not simply about generating electric power, it is a new way of generating national power.
Many of the primary points of the book were built out of his "New York Times Magazine" essay "The Power of Green" and the "Foreign Policy" article "The First Law of Petropolitics"
Chapter 18 Project.
"Hot, Flat, and Crowded" contains 17 chapters; Friedman has asked readers to submit ideas for the expanded edition's 18th chapter. He will use these ideas in a forthcoming expanded hardcover edition or the paperback edition. Users can submit their ideas and vote on others' ideas online.

</doc>
<doc id="19263412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263412" title="The Birthday Eve">
The Birthday Eve

The Birthday Eve is the first studio album by Japanese band Loudness. It was released in 1981 only in Japan. The 24bit digitally remastered Japanese limited edition CD includes two additional tracks not on the original release, coming from the first single of the band. The success of the album was measured by Loudness' sold out debut concert at Asakusa International Theater, in front of an audience of 2.700.
Track listing.
All music by Akira Takasaki, all lyrics by Minoru Niihara

</doc>
<doc id="19263415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263415" title="548th Combat Training Squadron">
548th Combat Training Squadron

The 548th Combat Training Squadron is a United States Air Force squadron assigned to the 57th Operations Group at Fort Polk, Louisiana.
Overview.
The 548th Combat Training Squadron provides Air Combat Command-directed support to the U.S. Army’s Joint Readiness Training Center located at Fort Polk, Louisiana. 
The 548th CTS accomplishes air liaison duties for the JRTC commander, exercises operational control of deployed fighter units to Barksdale, provides deployed unit maintenance and munitions support, schedules and controls exercise airspace, controls close air support missions, builds exercise scenarios, provides observers and controllers to evaluate tactical air control operations and replicates Air Force command and control from division through Joint Task Force level.
The 548th CTS serves as host to active Air Force, Air National Guard, Air Force Reserve, Marine and Navy units in stressful, realistic combined arms training for both Army and Air Force contingency forces under conditions of low- to mid-intensity conflicts. Squadron members assist in the planning of Air Force operational support and participation in each exercise.
The Air Force supports deployments of personnel and equipment with strategic airlift and sustainment of forces in their operational area by theater airlift. Tactical aircraft provide the close air support to the Army contingent on the ground. Important to maintaining the ability to fight and win is tough, demanding force-on-force training. The events occurring in Iraq, Bosnia and Afghanistan is representative of the kind of realistic training experience our combat units receive, and it’s what the 548th CTS and the JRTC are all about.
History.
During World War II, the 548th Night Fighter Squadron served with Seventh Air Force in the Pacific Theater.
The 548th was the first night-fighter squadron to arrive on Iwo Jima (on D+8), where it flew combat for several months. It eventually moved to the island of Ie Shima just 3 miles off the coast of Okinawa, where it finished out the war doing night penetration raids and weather observations to support the B-29 fleet bombing the Japanese home islands.
The 548th was reactivated (same insignia: the cat's name is "Skopie" as in "radar-scope") in 1969 as the 548th Combat Training Squadron (548th CTS), Provided special operations training to USAF and Vietnamese aircrews, October 1969 – July 1973. Controlled multi-service close air support and forward air control aircraft and tactical air control assets in realistic combat exercises with the US Army Joint Readiness Training Center, July 1994 – September 1997

</doc>
<doc id="19263417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263417" title="Cacadou Look">
Cacadou Look

Cacadou Look was a five-piece pop rock band from Opatija, Croatia that was the first Yugoslav all-female band to release a long play record.
Cacadou Look was formed in Opatija in 1983. They were not the first all-female band in Yugoslavia — at the time, already active were Tožibabe from Ljubljana and Boye from Novi Sad — but they were the first to achieve a degree of mainstream popularity, helped by radio play of their two demo tracks, "Sama" and "Kao pjesma", and by TV appearances such as those on "Stereovizija", a popular 1980s music show broadcast by Radio Television Zagreb.
Their first album "Tko mari za čari" (Jugoton, 1987) was produced by Husein Hasanefendić and Tomo in der Mühlen, and featured a guest appearance by Vlada Divljan. The album yielded three hit songs: "Sama", "Kao pjesma" and "Tako lako". Apart from "Tako lako", a cover of Buddy Holly's "It's So Easy", and "Ne dozvoli", which was written by Divljan, all songs on the album were composed by the band. Despite these accomplishments, the band found working in the men-dominated music scene difficult at times, and occasional malicious remarks motivated them to work even harder.
Their second and equally successful album "Uspavanka za Zoroa" was released in 1989. Hit tracks from the album were "Baum bam bam", "Budi mi prijatelj", and "Krenite s nama", the latter a cover of Bryan Ferry's "Let's Stick Together". An English version of "Budi mi prijatelj" — named "Be My Friend" — was also recorded, appearing on "Yu-Go Pop" (Jugoton, 1990), a compilation of Yugoslav pop and rock artists performing their songs in English.
Cacadou Look played their last gig in Zagreb on May 25, 1991. Members of the band were not willing to start solo careers — seeing them as meaningless without the band team work — and left the music scene.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19263419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263419" title="Social VPN">
Social VPN

A social VPN is a virtual private network that is created among individual peers, automatically, based on relationships established by them through a social networking service. A social VPN aims at providing peer-to-peer (P2P) network connectivity between a user and his or her friends, in an easy to set up manner that hides from the users the complexity in setting up and maintaining authenticated/encrypted end-to-end VPN tunnels.
Architecture.
An architecture of a social VPN is based on a centralized infrastructure where users authenticate, discover their friends and exchange cryptographic public keys, and a P2P overlay which is used to route messages between VPN endpoints. The approach is
Packet capture and injection.
A social VPN uses a virtual network interface (such as TUN/TAP devices in Windows and Unix systems) to capture and inject IP packets from a host. Once captured, packets are encrypted, encapsulated, and routed over an overlay network.
Security.
A social VPN uses online social networks to distribute public keys and advertise node address to friends. The acquired public keys are used to establish encrypted communication between two endpoints. Symmetric keys are exchanged during the process of establishing an end-to-end link by two social VPN peers.
Routing.
Routing in the social VPN is peer-to-peer. One approach that has been implemented uses a structured P2P system for sending IP packets encapsulated in overlay messages from a source to destination.
Private IP address space.
A social VPN uses dynamic IP address assignment and translation to avoid collision with existing (private) address spaces of end hosts, and to allow the system to scale to the number of users that today's successful online social network services serve (tens of millions). Users are able to connect directly only to a small subset of the total number of users of such a service, where the subset is determined by their established relationships.
Naming.
A social VPN uses names derived from the social network service to automatically assign host names to endpoints. These names are translated to virtual private IP addresses in the overlay by a loop-back DNS virtual server.
Software.
An open-source social VPN implementation based on the Facebook social network service and the Brunet P2P overlay is available for Windows and Linux systems under MIT license. It creates direct point-to-point secure connections between computers with the help of online social networks, and supports transparent traversal of NATs. It uses the P2P overlay to create direct VPN connections between pairs of computers (nodes). To establish a connection, two nodes advertise their P2P node address (as well as public keys for secure communication) to each other through an online social network. Once each node acquires the node address (and public keys) of the other node, an IP-to-nodeAddress mapping is created and IP packets can be routed through the VPN tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="19263445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263445" title="Clinton Avenue Historic District">
Clinton Avenue Historic District

Clinton Avenue Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263446" title="549th Combat Training Squadron">
549th Combat Training Squadron

The 549th Combat Training Squadron is a non-flying United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 57th Operations Group, and is stationed at Nellis AFB, Nevada.
Overview.
549th Combat Training Squadron hosts Green Flag-West exercises, providing the ultimate peacetime close air support training for Joint and Coalition personnel in the integration and employment of air, space, and cyber power in conjunction with ground force operations.
History.
World War II.
Established as a Night Fighter Squadron in April 1944, trained in Southern California under Fourth Air Force with a specialized version of the A-20 Havoc modified for night combat.
Deployed to Seventh Air Force in the Central Pacific Area in February 1945, initially being stationed on Saipan in the Mariana Islands. Mission was the air defense of the Marianas, specifically the B-29 airfields from Japanese night intruder aircraft. Moved to Iwo Jima in March 1945, flying long range missions over eastern China and night intradiiton missions to chi Chi Jima.
Remained on Iwo Jima after the war, then moved to Guam, February 1956 and inactivated in February 1947.
Modern era.
Trained forward air controller (FAC) and Strike Control and Reconnaissance (SCAR) pilots, 1969–1988. Beginning in 1991, conducted air support and air interdiction sorties in "Air Warrior (later, Green Flag)" exercises to train USAF fighter pilots and the aerospace power component to the US Army's brigade combat training.

</doc>
<doc id="19263458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263458" title="United States admiralty law">
United States admiralty law

United States admiralty law (or maritime law) is the body of admiralty law in the United States.
Jurisdiction.
Section 2 of Article III of the United States Constitution gives original jurisdiction in admiralty matters to the federal courts. The federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction over most admiralty and maritime claims pursuant to . Under this statute, federal district courts are granted original jurisdiction over admiralty actions "saving to suitors," a right to file suit for most of these actions in state court. 
Despite the savings to suitors clause, certain actions are only permitted to be filed in admiralty in federal court. Those include all "in rem" maritime actions. This includes suits seeking forfeiture of ships to enforce maritime mortgages and liens, petitions to limit a shipowner's liability to the value of a ship after a major accident, and actions seeking to partition ownership of a ship. However, the vast majority of maritime actions, such as suits for damage to cargo, injuries to seamen, collisions between vessels, wake damage, and maritime pollution cases may be brought in either federal court or state court by virtue of the savings to suitors clause.
In federal courts in the United States, there is generally no right to a jury trial in admiralty cases. However, Congress has created some limited rights of jury trial in seamen's personal injury actions brought under the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (the Jones Act) where a jury trial is otherwise permitted. In state courts, the right to trial by jury is determined by the law of the state where the case is brought. Consequently, admiralty cases brought in state courts can be tried before a jury.
Applicable law.
A state court hearing an admiralty or maritime case is required to apply the admiralty and maritime law, even if it conflicts with the law of the state, under a doctrine known as the "reverse-"Erie" doctrine." The "Erie" doctrine, derived from "Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins", directs that federal courts hearing state actions must apply state law. The "reverse-"Erie" doctrine" directs that state courts hearing admiralty cases must apply federal admiralty law. This distinction is critical in some cases.
For instance, U.S. maritime law recognizes the concept of joint and several liability among tortfeasors, while many states do not. Under joint and several liability, where two or more people create a single injury or loss, all are equally liable, even if they only contributed a small amount. A state court hearing an admiralty case would be required to apply the doctrine of joint and several liability even if state law does not contemplate the concept.
Limitation of shipowner's liability.
One of the unique aspects of maritime law is the ability of a shipowner to limit its liability to the value of a ship after a major accident. An example of the use of the Limitation Act is the sinking of the RMS "Titanic" in 1912. Even though the "Titanic" had never been to the United States, upon her sinking the owners rushed into the federal courts in New York to file a limitation of liability proceeding. The Limitation Act provides that if an accident happens due to a circumstance which is beyond the "privity and knowledge" of the ship's owners, the owners can limit their liability to the value of the ship after it sinks. 
After the "Titanic" sank, the only portion of the ship remaining were the 14 lifeboats, which had a collective value of about $3,000, and the "pending freight," bringing the total to about $91,000. The cost of a first-class, parlor suite ticket was over $4,350. The owners of the "Titanic" were successful in showing that the sinking occurred without their privity and knowledge, and therefore, the families of the deceased passengers, as well as the surviving passengers who lost their personal belongings, were entitled to split the $91,000 value of the remaining lifeboats and pending freight.
Another example was when Transocean filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas in 2010 to limit its liability to just its interest in the "Deepwater Horizon" which it valued at $26,764,083. This was in the wake of billions of dollars liabilities resulting from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill that followed the sinking.
The theory behind the Act was that a shipowner who properly equipped and crewed a ship shouldn't be liable for something that happens when the ship is out of his control. Modern ships are seldom out of the control of their shoreside owners, but the Act remains a viable protection to them.
The Limitation Act doesn't just apply to large ships. It can be used to insulate a motorboat owner from liability when he loans his boat to another who then has an accident. Even jet ski owners have been able to successfully utilize the Limitation Act to insulate themselves from liability.
Cargo claims.
Claims for damage to cargo shipped in international commerce are governed by the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act (COGSA), which is the U.S. enactment of the Hague Rules. One of its key features is that a shipowner is liable for cargo damaged from "hook to hook," meaning from loading to discharge, unless it is exonerated under one of 17 exceptions to liability, such as an "act of God," the inherent nature of the goods, errors in navigation, and management of the ship. A shipowner is generally entitled to limit its liability to $500 per package, unless the value of the contents is disclosed and marked on the container. The ability to treat an ocean shipping container as a package has enabled shipowners to effectively limit their liability to $500 per container, even though the value of the cargo inside container can be over one thousand times that amount. This practice has resulted in substantial and continuing litigation in the United States. The statute of limitations on cargo claims is one year.
Personal injuries to seamen.
Seamen injured aboard ship have three possible sources of compensation: the principle of maintenance and cure, the doctrine of unseaworthiness, and the Jones Act. The principle of maintenance and cure requires a shipowner to both pay for an injured seaman's medical treatment until maximum medical recovery (MMR) is obtained and provide basic living expenses until completion of the voyage, even if the seaman is no longer aboard ship. The seaman is entitled to maintenance and cure as of right, unless he was injured due to his own willful gross negligence. It is similar in some ways to workers' compensation. The doctrine of unseaworthiness makes a shipowner liable if a seaman is injured because the ship, or any appliance of the ship, is "unseaworthy," meaning defective in some way. The Jones Act allows a sailor, or one in privity to him, to sue the shipowner in tort for personal injury or wrongful death, with trial by jury. The Jones Act incorporates the Federal Employers Liability Act (FELA), which governs injuries to railway workers, and is similar to the Coal Miners Act. A shipowner is liable to a seaman in the same way a railroad operator is to its employees who are injured due to the negligence of the employer. The statute of limitation is three years.
Not every worker injured on board a vessel is a "seaman" entitled to the protections offered by the Jones Act, doctrine of unseaworthiness, and principle of maintenance and cure. To be considered a seaman, a worker must generally spend 30% or more of his working hours onboard either a specific vessel or a fleet of vessels under common ownership or control. With few exceptions, all non-seamen workers injured over navigable waters are covered instead by the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, , a separate form of workers' compensation.

</doc>
<doc id="19263461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263461" title="Buddhism in Africa">
Buddhism in Africa

Buddhism, as a major world religion, is practiced in Africa. Though there have been some conversion amongst Africans, most of the Buddhists in Africa, are of Asian, mostly Chinese, Vietnamese or Japanese descent.
South Africa is holding the largest Buddhist population in the continent. According to the 2010s estimates, Buddhist adherents (included Taoism and Chinese Folk Religion) áre increasing to between 0.2% 0.3% of the South African population, or between 100 to 150 thousand people while the number of practicing Buddhists maybe low.
The African countries and territories in the Indian Ocean are also having significant Buddhist minorities. Mauritius has the highest Buddhist percentage (between 1.5 to 2% of the total population) among African countries due to high number of Chinese people (nearly 40 thousands or 3% of the Mauritian population). But the number of practicing Buddhists is only about 0.4%. And Madagascar is also home of about 20 thousand Buddhists (or about 0.1% of the total population). In the Seychelles and Réunion, Buddhists represented about 0.1% to 0.2% of the island populations.
In North Africa, about 0.3% (or about 20 thousand people) of the Libya's population are also Buddhists (mostly foreign workers from Asia). There are also two Buddhist centers in Casablanca, Morocco.
There are some Buddhist centers or temples can be found in Sub-Saharan African countries like: Botswana, Cameroon, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Namibia, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
There have also been cases of some high profile celebrities converting to Buddhism such as Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, a famous British actor of Nigerian descent.
One of the very few monastics of African descent is Ven. Bhante Buddharakkhita from Uganda, founder of the Uganda Buddhist Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19263470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263470" title="1982 Liberty Bowl">
1982 Liberty Bowl

The 1982 Liberty Bowl was a postseason college football bowl game held on December 29, 1982 in Memphis, Tennessee at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium. The game featured the , of the Big Ten Conference, and Alabama Crimson Tide, of the SEC. Alabama won the game 21–15.
Alabama entered the game with a 7–4 record, losing their final three games. The team was led by legendary coach Paul "Bear" Bryant who was coaching his final game after twenty-five years with the program, announcing he would retire and hand over control of the team to Ray Perkins following the game. Bryant's retirement made the Liberty Bowl one of the most covered games that season as many news stations and newspapers sent reporters to cover the game.
Illinois was led by head coach Mike White and quarterback Tony Eason. The team was making their first bowl appearance since 1964, winning all three of their previous bowls.
Game.
In the first quarter, Ricky Moore began the scoring as he punched in a 4-yard touchdown run to give Alabama an early lead. Illinois scored their own touchdown in the second quarter as Joe Curtis scored on a 1-yard touchdown run, but kicker Mike Bass missed the extra point which gave Alabama a 7–6 halftime lead.
Wide receiver Jesse Bendross extended Alabama's lead when he scored on an 8-yard touchdown run off a reverse. Illinois rallied behind quarterback Tony Eason following a touchdown pass to Oliver Williams and a 23-yard field goal from Mike Bass. Craig "Touchdown" Turner scored the final points in the fourth quarter for Alabama from a 1-yard touchdown run.
Defensive back Jeremiah Castille was named the game's MVP after intercepting three passes from Tony Eason. Despite giving up 444 total offensive yards from Illinois, 423 passing yards by Eason, Alabama won the game 21–15. 
The Tide intercepted seven passes in this game, four from Eason and three from backup quarterback Kris Jenner. Jenner was in the game for only three plays, all of which came after Eason had to leave the game after taking a hard hit from the Alabama defense. On all three plays, Jenner attempted a pass which was intercepted. 
Bear Bryant finished with a collegiate record of 323 victories, 85 losses, and 17 ties. Bryant died of a heart attack January 26, 1983—less than four weeks after the Liberty Bowl.
Statistical summary.
Team Statistics
(Rushing-Passing-Total): UI - 21-423-444; UA - 217-130-347.
Individual Statistical Leaders
Rushing (Att.-Yds.-TD): UI - Curtis 7-13-1, Richard Ryles 4-10-0; UA - Moore 13-65-1, Jeff Fagan 6-38-0, Turner 11-36-1.
Passing (Att.-Comp.-Int.-TD-Yds.): UI - Eason 55-35-4-1-423, Kris Jenner 3-0-3-0-0; UA - Walter Lewis 13-7-2-0-130.
Receiving (No.-Yds.-TD): UI - Mike Martin 8-127-0, Williams 7-84-1, Tim Brewster 6-55-0; UA - Jesse Bendross 3-51-0, Joey Jones 2-60-0.

</doc>
<doc id="19263472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263472" title="First Reformed Church">
First Reformed Church

First Reformed Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263473" title="MASS (decoy system)">
MASS (decoy system)

MASS (Multi Ammunition Softkill System) is a naval self-defence system, produced by Rheinmetall of Germany. It is connected to the ship's sensors and protects ships from attacks by advanced, sensor-guided missiles, by launching decoys, that operate in all relevant wavelengths on the electromagnetic spectrum (ultra violet, electro-optical, laser, infrared and radar). MASS can be either plugged into the command and control module of a naval vessel, or operate autonomously.
Rheinmetall Defence has stated that "MASS has attracted orders from 9 nations, for 130 launchers, on 15 different classes of naval vessels" as of March 31/09. As of 3 March 2011, this has been expanded to a total order of at least 172 units. Roughly one year later, on the 17th of April 2012, the total was at 186 launchers for 22 different classes of vessels in 11 different nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19263488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263488" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup

The 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup, officially the "Essent ISU World Cup Speed Skating 2008–2009", was a series of international speed skating competitions which ran the entire season. The season started on 7 November 2008 in Berlin, Germany, and ended on 7 March 2009 in Salt Lake City, United States. In total, nine competition weekends were held at eight different locations, twelve cups were contested (six for men, and six for women), and 84 races took place. The World Cup is organized by the International Skating Union (ISU).
Calendar.
Note: the men's 5000 and 10000 metres were contested as one cup, and the women's 3000 and 5000 metres were contested as one cup, as indicated by the color coding.
World records.
World records going into the 2008–09 season.
Men.
At the World Cup stop in Salt Lake City on 6 March 2009, Shani Davis of the United States set a new world record on the men's 1500 metres with a time of 1:41.80. The next day, Davis' countryman Trevor Marsicano first set a new world record on the 1000 metres distance with a time of 1:06.88, after which Davis improved it further, with a time of 1:06.42.

</doc>
<doc id="19263499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263499" title="St Paul's Church, Wordsworth Avenue">
St Paul's Church, Wordsworth Avenue

St Paul’s Church is situated within the English city of Sheffield on Wordsworth Avenue in the northern suburb of Parson Cross. St Paul’s is a modern looking post war church which has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
History.
St Paul’s was opened in 1959 to serve the New Parson Cross estate which had been constructed on previous greenfield land in the late 1940s as the City of Sheffield cleared its slum housing and expanded into the countryside. The church was designed by the Scottish architect Basil Spence who was forced to work with a limited budget. Spence was working on his most famous design Coventry Cathedral at the same time that he was overseeing the construction of St Paul’s.
When St Paul’s was opened in 1959 it did not have its own parish and was purely a daughter church to St. Mary‘s, Ecclesfield. However the area around St Paul’s was declared a Conventional District within the Ecclesfield parish and in 1973 the separate parish of St Paul, Wordsworth Avenue was created. The new housing estate never had an official name, so the parish is one of the few which is identified by its street address rather than by its district. The parish was badly hit by the collapse of the Sheffield steel industry in the 1980s and a high level of unemployment was created and today “New Parson Cross is part of one of the most deprived areas of the city”.
Architecture.
Spence’s design for St Paul’s is quite simple although this is not obvious at first glance. The church is basically two brick walls joined by a shallow barrel vault roof strengthened by diagonal steel bracing. The ends of the church consist almost entirely of glass with Spence integrating some the ideas he had used at St Oswald’s, Tile Hill in 1957. To the front of the church is a 15 metre high campanile consisting of just two brick walls with concrete ties in between. There is a six metre cross on top of the campanile. The church hall stands just to the north within the church grounds. The interior has a balcony reached by steps on which the organ stands. While the altar is screened to give it some privacy from the big end window by a hardwood panel made from African Teak . Spence’s personal gift for the church were the altar ornaments which are made from hammered iron.

</doc>
<doc id="19263502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263502" title="Shar (country subdivision)">
Shar (country subdivision)

A shar is a country subdivision in Iran and Azerbaidshan.
The Turkish "Şehir" (city), is related.
See: 

</doc>
<doc id="19263521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263521" title="Teriflunomide">
Teriflunomide

Teriflunomide (trade name Aubagio, marketed by Sanofi, also known as A77 1726) is the active metabolite of leflunomide. Teriflunomide was investigated in the Phase III clinical trial TEMSO as a medication for multiple sclerosis (MS). The study was completed in July 2010. 2-year results were positive. However, the subsequent TENERE head-to-head comparison trial reported that "although permanent discontinuations therapy were substantially less common among MS patients who received teriflunomide compared with interferon beta-1a, relapses were more common with teriflunomide." The drug was approved by the FDA on September 13, 2012.
Mechanisms of action.
Teriflunomide is an immunomodulatory drug inhibiting pyrimidine de novo synthesis by blocking the enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase. 
It is uncertain whether this explains its effect on MS lesions.
Teriflunomide inhibits rapidly dividing cells, including activated T cells, which are thought to drive the disease process in MS. Teriflunomide may decrease the risk of infections compared to chemotherapy-like drugs because of its more-limited effects on the immune system.
It has been found that teriflunomide blocks the transcription factor NF-κB. It also inhibits tyrosine kinase enzymes, but only in high doses not clinically used.
Activation of leflunomide to teriflunomide.
The structure which results from ring opening can interconvert between the "E" and "Z" enolic forms (and the corresponding keto-amide), with the "Z" enol being the most stable and therefore most predominant form.
See also.
See Leflunomide for information on pharmacokinetics, side-effects, contraindications and other data.

</doc>
<doc id="19263543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263543" title="Ratfaces Home Videos Presents Useless ID">
Ratfaces Home Videos Presents Useless ID

Ratfaces Home Videos Presents Useless ID is Useless ID's first DVD which was released on September 23, 2006, in a special release show in Tel Aviv, Israel.
The DVD includes a documentary about the band, footage from live performances, all of the band's music videos until 2006, photo stills, backstage footage, outtakes, and "behind the scenes" with the band.
The DVD was later included with the band's 2008 album "The Lost Broken Bones", when pressed by Suburban Home Records.
Music videos.
There are seven music videos on the DVD:
Live performances.
There are 12 live performance videos that were recorded during Useless ID's latest tour supporting the album "Redemption". The performances were recorded in Japan, Germany, Switzerland and Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19263556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263556" title="List of stars in NGC 2281">
List of stars in NGC 2281

This is a list of stars in the "NGC 2281" star cluster, an open cluster in the constellation Auriga.

</doc>
<doc id="19263561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263561" title="Dick Stevenson">
Dick Stevenson

Richard R. "Dick" Stevenson (born February 11, 1945) is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, elected in 2000 to represent the 8th District.
In the current legislative session, Stevenson serves on the House Appropriations, Judiciary and Professional Licensure Committees.
Career.
Stevenson served for eight years on the borough council of Grove City, Pennsylvania from 1985–1993, including five years as the council president. In 1996, Stevenson joined the Mercer County Board of Commissioners and was elected Chairman.
Stevenson was first elected to the House in 2000 to replace Howard Fargo. That year, he defeated the Armstrong County district attorney, George Kepple, in the Republican primary election with 55% of the vote. In the general election, Stevenson defeated James Coulter, taking over 63%.
Stevenson has won re-election to each succeeding session of the House. Since 2004, he has run unopposed in the primary and general elections.
Controversy.
On March 14, 2011, Rep. Stevenson was featured in a report by Pittsburgh's WTAE Channel 4 news. The station found that the state legislature had spent large amounts of money on new chairs—up to $1000 each. Stevenson was specifically mentioned and shown in the video segment. "...following the November election, Rep. Richard Stevenson, the Republican Caucus Administrator, bought 12 executive vinyl chairs for newly-elected members at $600 per chair.
(Channel 4 reporter Jim) Parsons reported that Team 4 did some online shopping and found the same chairs for half the price." The news segment concluded by saying that a representative for Stevenson told Channel 4 "that a newly-elected member receiving a new chair has been a long-standing practice."
Personal.
Stevenson served in the United States Air Force from 1968 to 1972. He served as Korean Language Specialist with the USAF Security Service. Stevenson received a Bachelor of Arts degree from St. Francis College in New York and a Master of Business Administration from Suffolk University in Massachusetts. He and his wife have two children, Sarah Hatfield and Emily Vallozzi, and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19263564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263564" title="Ruby Veridiano-Ching">
Ruby Veridiano-Ching

Ruby Veridiano is a Filipina-American writer, co-founder of Spoken word collective iLL-Literacy, and a former VJ for MYX North America. She is also a social change advocate, with an emphasis on girls empowerment.
In 2008, she hosted Myxology for MYX.
Biography.
Ruby grew up in Sacramento, California. During her first year attending UC Davis, she met Adriel Luis and co-founded a Spoken word collective, iLL-Literacy, of which she was the only female member in 2001. She worked for Jive Records in New York City during the summer of 2007, which she believes had helped her in terms of envisioning how she wants to craft her own independent artistic career. She later returned to Oakland, California. In the summer of 2008, Ruby became a VJ for MYX. In a previous interview, she defined her writing and performance style as raw and honest and her inspiration comes from "the most spontaneous, unexpected places." In October 2008, besides the release of her poetry and short writing book, Ruby had also begun a nationwide tour with Ill-Literacy. Through her career with Ill-literacy, she performed and lectured at over 400 Universities and venues throughout the United States and Europe.
In 2009, she left Ill-Literacy to pursue a solo career, and moved to New York City. Shortly after her move, she was nominated as one of the 100 Most Influential Filipinas in the United States through the Filipina Women's Network. She was nominated for her progressive work in Arts & Entertainment. During her first year in New York, she competed along with 8,500 candidates for the position of head blogger for Alicia Keys' women's empowerment website. She finished at Top 3, and was flown to London, United Kingdom to interview with the singer and to cover Alicia Keys' charity red carpet event, the Black Ball. There, she interviewed celebrities such as Christian Louboutin, Swizz Beatz, and Alicia Keys herself.
She did not end up getting the position, but later received news that she had been awarded a grant to begin her own project, the Glamourbaby Diaries, a writing empowerment workshop for young Asian women that uses the fashion framework to discuss race, class, women's history, and social issues. The Glamourbaby Diaries successfully launched in Manhattan, New York City in the Fall of 2010.
In 2010, she got involved with global literacy organization LitWorld, who was just beginning to launch their girls empowerment initiative called Girls Club.
In the Fall of 2011, she became the first Global Ambassador for LitWorld, spearheading the development of the Girls Club work in her home country of the Philippines.
In the same year, she also founded the Meeting of the Minds Project, a movement to unite the young global Filipino diaspora to bring social change back home to the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19263565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263565" title="Bridgeport Village (Oregon)">
Bridgeport Village (Oregon)

Bridgeport Village is a lifestyle center located in Tualatin and Tigard, Oregon, United States, operated by CenterCal Properties. The center opened on May 19, 2005 and is located in one of the Portland metropolitan area's most affluent areas. The center has a variety of services, including valet service, restaurant reservations, a courtesy shuttle to vehicles, and umbrellas available to borrow. The center features a water and fire fountain, and an Italian gazebo and kiosks by Neri.
History.
The site of the mall was originally a county-owned rock quarry. Washington County stopped removing gravel from the site in the 1980s and began filling the property in order to prepare the land for development. Plans for shopping center in the Bridgeport area where Lake Oswego, Tualatin, Durham, and Tigard meet began in 1999. In 2001, Washington County sold the former Durham gravel pit to Opus Northwest and Center Oak Properties for $18.75 million. The site was just west of Interstate 5 in both Tualatin and Tigard, and adjacent to Durham.
Original plans called for a USD 163 million mixed use development with approximately of retail space and of office space. These plans also included residential space and a movie theater. Perkowitz + Ruth Architects helped design the village, which was designed without the traditional anchor department store. In 2003, Lake Oswego threatened to derail the project over concerns of congestion affecting the neighboring city. The city and Washington County settled the matter in August 2003, with Lake Oswego receiving USD 300,000 to use for traffic improvement projects.
Before the center opened, the development was sold for around $170 million to BV CenterCal LLC. Opus Northwest was the general contractor of the USD 80 million project. Overall costs for the entire development totaled USD 250 million. In November 2004, the first store at the open-air lifestyle center, Crate & Barrel, opened. On May 19, 2005, the rest of the mall opened, with additional stores at the site opened in November 2005. Planned residential units were never built, nor was a planned underground parking structure.
In 2006, the architect won an International Council of Shopping Centers Design and Development Award. By 2007, the center had revenue of more than $600 per square-foot, which placed Bridgeport Village in the top five-percent of malls in the United States. At that time it was also bringing in nearly 4 million shoppers each year, leading to discussions of whether to designate the area as a town center under the regional government's land use plan. In April 2008, the county settled legal claims against a contractor who filled the old rock quarry and prepared the site for the mall regarding methane gas leaking at the site for USD 1 million.
Amenities.
Bridgeport Village is an open-air lifestyle center focused around outdoor pedestrian areas, which are paved with bricks. Bridgeport Village has about 90 shops and restaurants, which include Coldwater Creek, McCormick & Schmick's, Crate & Barrel, Talbots, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF FIFTH, California Pizza Kitchen, and P.F. Chang's China Bistro, among others. Other retail and restaurant developments surround Bridgeport Village, but are not part of the lifestyle center.
The complex includes of leasable space, including an 18-screen theater owned by Regal Cinemas. The theater includes a 3D IMAX screen. Bridgeport includes of office space on the second floor of the complex, and a four-story above-ground parking structure. Much of the office space is leased by professionals such as dentists. Other features include classic looking street lamps, music played throughout the complex, a gazebo, a fountain, and a children's play structure area.

</doc>
<doc id="19263568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263568" title="Hurricane Hernan (1996)">
Hurricane Hernan (1996)

Hurricane Hernan was fourth and final tropical cyclone to strike Mexico at hurricane intensity during the 1996 Pacific hurricane season. The thirteenth tropical cyclone, eighth named storm, and fifth hurricane of the season, Hernan developed as a tropical depression from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico on September 30. The depression quickly strengthened, and became Tropical Storm Hernan later that day. Hernan curved north-northwestward the following day, before eventually turning north-northeastward. Still offshore of the Mexican coast on October 2, Hernan intensified into a hurricane. Six hours later, Hernan attained its peak as an 85 mph (140 km/h) Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale (SSHWS). After weakening somewhat, on 1000 UTC October 3, Hurricane Hernan made landfall near Barra de Navidad, Jalisco, with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). Only two hours after landfall, Hernan weakened to a tropical storm. By October 4, Tropical Storm Hernan had weakened into a tropical depression, and dissipated over Nayarit on the following day.
The storm dropped heavy rainfall along the west coast of Mexico, with some areas experiencing over of precipitation. As a result of the large amounts of rain, Hurricane Hernan caused moderate flooding. Despite impacting a relatively sparsely-populated area of Mexico, no deaths were reported in the country, though one was reported missing. In all, flooding from the storm washed-out highways, disrupted telephone service, caused power outages, and damaged at least 1,000 homes. However, at least 100 injuries were recorded. In addition, the remnants caused flooding in southern Texas, and one person was presumed to have drowned.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave emerged off the west coast of Africa during mid-September and moved westward across the Atlantic Ocean. Even though convection associated with the system increased on two separate occasions, the tropical wave did not develop further. After emerging into the Pacific Ocean, the system entered the Gulf of Tehuantepec on September 28. Meanwhile, deep convection began to consolidate while the cloud pattern continued to improve. By late on September 29, classifications began on the system via the Dvorak technique, a technique used to measure a tropical cyclones intensity. By 0600 UTC on September 30, satellite imagery indicated that Tropical Depression Eleven-E had developed while centered over south-southeast of Acapulco. Three hours later, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) initiated advisories on the depression, stating that it was over warm sea surface temperatures and outflow was becoming well-established. Subsequently, it was predicted that the depression would intensify into a hurricane before October 3. 
Later on September 30, satellite intensity classifications estimated wind speeds of at least 40 mph (65 km/h). Based on this, the NHC upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Hernan. By October 1, the atmospheric circulation of Hernan became difficult to locate on infrared satellite imagery. As a result, the NHC reported that it no longer anticipated that Hernan would intensify into a hurricane. Later that day, Hernan strengthened slightly; subsequently, visible satellite images indicated that the center of the storm redeveloped. Most of the computer models anticipated that Hernan would parallel the coast of Mexico, though the Global Dynamics Fluid Model (GDFL) noted that Tropical Storm Hernan would turn sharply northward and eventually make landfall in Mexico. Early on October 2, deep convection began wrapping around the center, and meteorologists noted that an eye feature may have been forming. Subsequently, Hernan also developed very cold cloud tops while tracking slowly to the northwest. 
At 0600 UTC on October 2, it is estimated that Hernan had intensified into a hurricane. Operationally, however, Hernan was not upgraded to a hurricane until nine hours later. The storm strengthened a little more, and at 1200 UTC on October 2, Hernan attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 980 mbar (hPa); 28.94 inHg. By late on October 2, radar imagery remarked that the northern eye wall was affecting portions of the west coast of Mexico. Shortly thereafter, the eye of Hernan became less distinct on satellite images. By 0900 UTC on October 3, based on data from radars in Cuyutlán, Colima, the NHC reported that Hurricane Hernan had executed a cyclonic loop to the southwest of Manzanillo. About an hour later, Hernan made landfall near Barra de Navidad, with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). 
Hernan rapidly weakened inland, and it was estimated that it had weakened to a tropical storm only two hours after landfall. By 0000 UTC on October 4, Hernan weakened further, and was downgraded to a tropical depression. Shortly thereafter, Hernan re-emerged into the Pacific Ocean, and the NHC noted that possibility for the depression to restrengthen into a tropical storm. Hernan weakened further as a large portion of its circulation remained on land, while the low-level center became difficult to locate. By 2100 UTC October 4, satellite images and surface reports indicated that Hernan had degenerated into a broad area of low pressure. Hernan finally dissipated at 0000 UTC the next day while centered over Nayarit.
Preparations and Impact.
Thirty-six hours after formation, on October 1, a tropical storm warning was issued from Acapulco, to Manzanillo. Early on the following day, a hurricane watch was put into effect from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, to Manzanillo, . Three hours later, the watch was upgraded to a hurricane warning. At 1500 UTC on that same day, a tropical storm warning was issued from Manzanillo, to San Blas, Nayarit. By 0300 UTC on October 3, the hurricane warning was extended from Cabo Corrientes, Jalisco to San Blas; the tropical storm warning was also extended, and included areas between Mazatlán and San Blas. As the storm rapidly weakened inland, all watches and warnings in effect were discontinued midday on October 3. In addition to these warnings, several ports and harbors were closed in the states of Guerrero, Michoacan, Jalisco, and Colima, a span of some . 
Much of Jalisco was drenched with rain for nearly 12 consecutive hours, resulting in flooding. Country-wide; however, the highest total was recorded in Petacalco and La Union, with being measured at both locations. The National Water Commission reported waves of up to . Along the coasts of Colima and Jalisco, waves caused by Hernan were not as large, reaching 13 ft (3.9 m) in height. High winds were also recorded.
Because the storm made landfall in a sparsely populated area, no deaths were reported by the NHC. However, one boy was swept away in the Uxpana River and was thus reported missing. Due to flooding caused by the storm, three rivers in Veracruz overflowed their banks. Flooding from the storm also washed-out portions of two Mexico highways. Furthermore, telephone service was interrupted and power outages occurred. Around 1,000 homes were damaged or destroyed and 100 people were injured. Overall, damage from the system was not widespread.
After dissipating, the remnants of Hernan, in combination with low pressure area that eventually became Tropical Storm Josephine, brought heavy downpours to southern Texas. Rainfall reached in Brownsville, which caused street flooding and forced several families to evacuate their homes. In addition, coastal flooding was reported in the town of South Padre Island. As a result of heavy rainfall, a flash flood watch and warning were issued for Cameron, Hidalgo, Kenedy, and Willacy Counties. One boy in Brownsville was classified as missing and later presumed to have drowned during the storm.

</doc>
<doc id="19263569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263569" title="Hull triple trawler tragedy (1968)">
Hull triple trawler tragedy (1968)

The Hull triple trawler tragedy was the sinking of three trawlers from the British fishing port of Kingston upon Hull during January and February 1968. A total of 58 crew members died, with just one survivor. The three sinkings brought widespread national publicity to the conditions in which fishermen worked, and triggered an official inquiry which led to major changes to employment and working practices within the British fishing industry.
The sinkings.
"St. Romanus".
The "St. Romanus" sailed from Hull on 10 January 1968 and the last firm contact with the vessel was a radio telephone call the same evening. However, despite a company policy that ships should report their position and catch details daily, the alarm was not raised until 26 January, after a number of failed attempts by the owners to contact the ship by radio. It was then discovered that a liferaft found on 13 January by another vessel had come from the "St Romanus ". A search began, but by 30 January the families were told that there was little hope for the vessel and her crew of 20. Later, at the official enquiry, it was stated that a mayday call from the ship had been heard on 11 January by another ship, but had not been passed on.
"Kingston Peridot".
The "Kingston Peridot" had also sailed from Hull on 10 January with a crew of 20, and by 26 January she was fishing off north-east Iceland in foul weather. She told another trawler by radio that she was having difficulties with ice build-up on the ship, and arranged to move east to join them, but no further contact was established and on 29 January one of her liferafts was washed ashore. This, with debris found subsequently, indicated that the vessel had sunk. News of her loss was received in Hull on 30 January, just as hope was fading for the crew of "St. Romanus".
"Ross Cleveland".
"Ross Cleveland" sailed on 20 January, before the loss of the first two trawlers became known. She was bound for the north coast of Iceland with a full crew, but one man was put ashore for medical treatment, leaving 19 on board. Conditions were very poor and on 3 February, following a weather warning, she made for Isafjordur, a narrow and relatively sheltered inlet on Iceland's north-west coast. A number of other ships were there to wait out what became a long and exceptionally severe storm, with hurricane-force winds and blizzards, causing dangerous amounts of ice to form on the vessels' superstructure and radar. The "Ross Cleveland"'s captain attempted to move her from a dangerous position to a safer one during the evening of 4 February, but the ship was overwhelmed by the wind and sea, capsized and sank. The last radio message received by the other ships was from the captain, and ran:
Other ships attempted to assist the "Ross Cleveland" but were defeated by the storm, and two more vessels, the "Notts. County" and the "Heiðrún", were wrecked in Isafjordur that night, the latter lost with all hands. News of the sinking reached Hull on 5 February, six days after that of the "Kingston Peridot". At first it was believed all aboard "Ross Cleveland" had died, but on 6 February Harry Eddom, the mate, was discovered alive, having been washed ashore in a liferaft the previous day. Two other men had been with him in the raft, but both had died of exposure before reaching the shore.
Safety campaign.
The trawlermen and their families formed a close-knit community in Hull, and the first two losses were a devastating blow. A safety campaign began; meetings were arranged between trawlermen's wives and trawler owners, and also with government ministers, and some wives picketed the dock to ensure all departing ships carried radio operators, attracting much national media attention. As the wives' deputation arrived at the dock in front of TV cameras and journalists on 5 February for the meeting with the trawler owners, news broke of the loss of "Ross Cleveland". The following day the women travelled to London, again with massive media coverage, and met ministers to discuss a variety of reforms to the fishing industry. The same day, trawler owners were instructed to implement new safety arrangements based on the outcome of the meeting, with immediate effect.
Inquiries.
There were official inquiries into the sinking of each ship. These concluded that "St. Romanus" had probably been lost on 11 January for reasons unknown; that "Kingston Peridot" had probably capsized on either 26 or 27 January due to instability in the extreme weather conditions; and that "Ross Cleveland" had been insufficiently stable to cope with the weather and the build-up of ice at the time. Various recommendations were made, and these were considered in greater detail by a government Committee of Inquiry, led by Admiral Sir Deric Holland-Martin, into safety in the British fishing industry. Its report, published in May 1969, brought about wide-reaching changes. These included tighter regulation of trawler design and construction; more and better safety equipment; legal standards for radio equipment, operators and reporting procedures; and a mass of improvements to employment, training and working practices and industrial relations.
The tragedy continued to influence subsequent UK legislation on maritime safety: Harry Eddom's survival was cited in Parliamentary debates in 1986 over improvements in the provision of lifejackets and of emergency clothing in liferafts (Safety at Sea Bill 1986).
Aftermath.
In 2002 the wreckage of the "Ross Cleveland" was located in Isafjordur by a BBC team, and filmed via mini submarine. The pictures appeared to confirm the belief that a build-up of ice on the superstructure had contributed to the sinking.
In January and February 2008 the 40th anniversary of the tragedy was commemorated at a series of events in Hull.
Further reading.
Svensson, Ottar, "Doom in the Deep: An Extraordinary Storm, a Miraculous Survival". Lyons Press, 2004, ISBN 978-1-59228-466-5

</doc>
<doc id="19263584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263584" title="2005 Tennis Channel Open – Singles">
2005 Tennis Channel Open – Singles

Vincent Spadea was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Wayne Arthurs won the title, defeating Mario Ančić 7–5, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19263601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263601" title="Smith Frozen Foods">
Smith Frozen Foods

Smith Frozen Foods is an American processor and packager of frozen vegetables, including peas, corn, and carrots. Purchasing most of its produce from growers in northeastern Oregon, the company's plant can process and store more than 130 million pounds of vegetables at a time. It packages vegetables for customers under various brand names. Former U.S. Senator Gordon Smith is co-owner of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="19263602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263602" title="Honggor Sumu, Sonid Left Banner">
Honggor Sumu, Sonid Left Banner

Honggor Sumu (; ) is a sumu in the Sonid Left Banner of Xilin Gol League, Inner Mongolia, China. In 2000, it had 1621 inhabitants. It is located in high desert only from the border with Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19263645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263645" title="Writers' League of Texas">
Writers' League of Texas

The Writers' League of Texas was established in 1981 as the Austin Writers' League in Austin, Texas. It is a nonprofit professional organization whose primary purpose is to provide a forum for information, support, and sharing among writers, to help members improve and market their writing skills, and to promote the interests of writers and the writing community.
The League is composed of published and unpublished writers. In 1996, the League had 1,600 members around the world, making it the second largest regional writers' group, after the Washington Independent Writers, which served as inspiration.
The current name, Writers' League of Texas, reflects its current membership base, over 50% of which resides outside the Central Texas area, and represents the numerous programs offered to the entire community of Texas writers.
The WLT is partially funded by the City of Austin, Texas Commission on the Arts, and National Endowment for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19263653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263653" title="Elmer Weingartner">
Elmer Weingartner

Elmer William Weingartner (August 13, 1918 – March 15, 2009) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball who played for the Cleveland Indians during the season. Listed at 5'11", 178 lb., Weingartner batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.
In one season career, Weingartner was a .231 hitter (9-for-39) in 20 games, including one RBI, five runs, one double and a .302 on-base percentage without home runs or stolen bases.
Weingartner died in Elyria, Ohio, at age 90.

</doc>
<doc id="19263670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263670" title="Joseph ben Mordechai Gershon">
Joseph ben Mordechai Gershon

Rabbi Joseph ben Mordechai Gershon HaKohen Ka"tz (1510 in Cracow – 1591), a kohen by birth, rabbi and Talmudist, began his studies in the Talmud at an early age, and became the rosh yeshivah founded for him by his father-in-law. The many pupils who attended this school soon made him famous for his scholarship; and his views on religious questions were widely sought. Solomon Luria was one of his correspondents.
Joseph was the author of "She'erit Yosef" (Cracow, 1590), containing responsa and discussions on various rabbinical subjects, as well as a commentary on the "Mordechai" tractates Nezikin, Berakot, and Mo'ed. In the preface the author states that he published this work at the request of his sons, Tanhuma and Aaron Moses, who were members of the Jewish community of Cracow. He also corrected the manuscript from which was printed the "Aggudah" of Alexandri HaKohain of Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="19263688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263688" title="RAF Rhoose">
RAF Rhoose

RAF Rhoose is a former Royal Air Force (RAF) airfield located near Cardiff, Wales.
History.
It opened on 7 April 1942 as an RAF training base for Supermarine Spitfire pilots.
No. 53 Operational Training Unit Llandow was the parent station, and Rhoose was a satellite landing ground.
Other units included:

</doc>
<doc id="19263699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263699" title="Paul Brown (footballer)">
Paul Brown (footballer)

Paul Henry Brown (born 10 September 1984) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for Workington.
Club career.
Brown made his debut for Tranmere Rovers, coming on as a substitute in the 87th minute, at home to MK Dons, in the 2–0 victory in League One on 27 November 2004. He made a further two appearances in League Two during the 2004–05 season. The following season, 2005–06, he was sent out on loan to Accrington Stanley in September, and made three appearances in the Conference National.
He then joined Barrow in August 2006, before leaving March 2007. He then joined Australian club Kingston City, returning to Barrow in August 2007, helping them to achieve promotion from the Conference North via the play-offs in 2007–08. After one season in the Conference National he was released by Barrow.
Brown signed for Droylsden in the 2009–10 season following his release by Barrow. He left the club in September 2011.
In October 2012, Brown joined Workington.
International career.
Byron played for England C in a 4–0 victory over the Malta under-21 team in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19263711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263711" title="Pedro Barbin">
Pedro Barbin

Pedro Almacen Barbin (born May 13, 1895, died January 29, 1984, was born in Vinzons (formerly Indan), Camarines Norte. He graduated from Colegio de Nueva Caceres, Naga, Camarines Sur with a degree of Bachelor of Arts with honors as "Sobresalente".
Before World War II, he entered politics and was elected first as Councilor and later as Mayor of Indan.
During the Japanese occupation, he was sought and requested by the Imperial Japanese Army to act again as town mayor. He acceded in order to protect the population from harassment and brutalities of the Japanese soldiers, of course, his acceptance of the position was with the blessing of the guerillas under the Vinzons Guerillas Command.
After the war, he entered public service again and was elected as member of the provincial board of Camarines Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="19263720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263720" title="Lac-Moselle, Quebec">
Lac-Moselle, Quebec

Lac-Moselle is an unorganized territory in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It is one of the five unorganized and unpopulated wilderness areas in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality. It is named after Lake Moselle.
Demographics.
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="19263721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263721" title="Charlie Richmond (referee)">
Charlie Richmond (referee)

Charlie Richmond (born 13 May 1968) is a Scottish former football referee. Richmond was on the FIFA list of international referees and officiated in the Scottish Premier League (SPL) from 2002 to 2012. Richmond resigned in April 2012, after being overlooked for SPL appointments during the 2011–12 season.
Richmond is known to have refereed at men's international matches during the period from 2005 to 2007. He also officiated in women's international matches.
He is an engineer by profession.

</doc>
<doc id="19263737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263737" title="Scandalpedia">
Scandalpedia

Scandalpedia was a political website launched September 9, 2008, by the Liberal Party of Canada in response to the 2008 Canadian federal election in particular as a counter to an attack website launched by the Conservative Party of Canada. It contains "Wikipedia style" articles on controversial actions and ethical concerns raised since the Conservative Party of Canada has taken power in 2006. It features articles, quotes, and biographies of Conservative party members involved in the various controversies. 
The site uses the MediaWiki monobook theme but is not editable by the public and does not appear to be based on MediaWiki software.

</doc>
<doc id="19263754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263754" title="Dividend cover">
Dividend cover

Dividend cover is the ratio of company's earnings (net income) over the dividend paid to shareholders, calculated as earnings per share divided by the dividend per share. So, if a company has earnings per share of $10.00 and it pays out a dividend of $2.00, the dividend cover is 5.0x.
Basic formula.
DC = EPS/DPS 

</doc>
<doc id="19263773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263773" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in DeWitt County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in DeWitt County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in DeWitt County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in DeWitt County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19263783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263783" title="Bispinor">
Bispinor

In physics, a bispinor is an object with four complex components which transform in a specific way under Lorentz transformations: specifically, a bispinor is an element of a 4-dimensional complex vector space considered as a (½,0)⊕(0,½) representation of the Lorentz group. Bispinors are, for example, used to describe relativistic spin-½ wave functions.
In the Weyl basis, a bispinor
consists of two (two-component) Weyl spinors formula_2 and formula_3 which transform, correspondingly, under (½,0) and (0,½) representations of the formula_4 group (the Lorentz group without parity transformations). Under parity transformation the Weyl spinors transform into each other.
The Dirac bispinor is connected with the Weyl bispinor by a unitary transformation to the Dirac basis,
The Dirac basis is the one most widely used in the literature.
Expressions for Lorentz transformations of bispinors.
A bispinor field formula_6 transforms according to a rule
where formula_8 is a Lorentz transformation. Here the coordinates of physical points are multiplied on the left by formula_8, so the point with coordinate formula_10 before the transformation has coordinate formula_11 after the transformation.
In the Weyl basis, explicit transformation matrices for a boost formula_12 and for a rotation formula_13 are the following:
Here formula_16 is the boost parameter, and formula_17 represents rotation around the formula_18 axis. formula_19 are the Pauli matrices. The exponential is the exponential map, in this case the matrix exponential defined by putting the matrix into the usual power series for the exponential function.
Properties.
A bilinear form of bispinors can be reduced to five irreducible (under the Lorentz group) objects:
where formula_25 and formula_26 are the gamma matrices.
A suitable Lagrangian for the relativistic spin-½ field can be built out of these, and is given as
The Dirac equation can be derived from this Lagrangian using by the Euler-Lagrange equation.
Derivation of a bispinor representation.
Introduction.
This outline describes one type of bispinors as elements of a particular representation space of the (½,0)⊕ (0,½) representation of the Lorentz group. This representation space is related to, but not identical to, the (½,0)⊕ (0,½) representation space contained in the Clifford algebra over Minkowski spacetime as described in the article Spinors. Language and terminology is used as in Representation theory of the Lorentz group. The only property of Clifford algebras that is essential for the presentation is the defining property given in below. The basis elements of are labeled .
A representation of the Lie algebra of the Lorentz group will emerge among matrices that will be chosen as a basis (as a vector space) of the complex Clifford algebra over spacetime. These matrices are then exponentiated yielding a representation of . This representation, that turns out to be a representation, will act on an arbitrary 4-dimensional complex vector space, which will simply be taken as , and its elements will be bispinors.
For reference, the commutation relations of are
with the spacetime metric .
The Gamma Matrices.
Let γμ denote a set of four 4-dimensional Gamma matrices, here called the Dirac matrices. The Dirac matrices satisfy
where } is the anticommutator, is a unit matrix, and is the spacetime metric with signature (-,+,+,+). This is the defining condition for a generating set of a Clifford algebra. Further basis elements of the Clifford algebra are given by
Only six of the matrices are linearly independent. This follows directly from their definition since . They act on the subspace the span in the passive sense, according to
In , the second equality follows from property of the Clifford algebra. 
Lie algebra embedding of so(3;1) in "C"ℓ"4"(C).
Now define an action of on the , and the linear subspace "they" span in , given by
The last equality in , which follows from and the property of the gamma matrices, shows that the constitute a representation of since the commutation relations in are exactly those of . The action of can be either be thought of as 6-dimensional matrices multiplying the basis vectors , since the space in spanned by the is 6-dimensional, or it can be thought of as the action by commutation on the . In the following, 
The and the are both (disjoint) subsets of the basis elements of "C"ℓ"4"(C), generated by the 4-dimensional Dirac matrices in 4 spacetime dimensions. The Lie algebra of is thus embedded in "C"ℓ"4"(C) by as the "real" subspace of "C"ℓ"4"(C) spanned by the . For a full description of the remaining basis elements other than and of the Clifford algebra, please see the article Dirac algebra.
Bispinors introduced.
Now introduce "any" 4-dimensional complex vector space "U" where the γμ act by matrix multiplication. Here will do nicely. Let be a Lorentz transformation and "define" the action of the Lorentz group on "U" to be
Since the according to constitute a representation of , the induced map
according to general theory either is a representation or a projective representation of . It will turn out to be a projective representation. The elements of "U", when endowed with the transformation rule given by "S", are called bispinors or simply spinors.
A choice of Dirac matrices.
It remains to choose a set of Dirac matrices in order to obtain the spin representation . One such choice, appropriate for the ultrarelativistic limit, is
where the are the Pauli matrices. In this representation of the Clifford algebra generators, the become
This representation is manifestly "not" irreducible, since the matrices are all block diagonal. But by irreducibility of the Pauli matrices, the representation cannot be further reduced. Since it is a 4-dimensional, the only possibility is that it is a representation, i.e. a bispinor representation. Now using the recipe of exponentiation of the Lie algebra representation to obtain a representation of ,
a projective 2-valued representation is obtained. Here is a vector of rotation parameters with , and is a vector of boost parameters. With the conventions used here one may write
for a bispinor field. Here, the upper component corresponds to a "right" Weyl spinor. To include space parity inversion in this formalism, one sets 
as representative for . It seen that the representation is irreducible when space parity inversion included.
An example.
Let so that generates a rotation around the z-axis by an angle of . Then but . Here, denotes the identity element. If is chosen instead, then still , but now .
This illustrates the double valued nature of a spin representation. The identity in gets mapped into either or depending on the choice of Lie algebra element to represent it. In the first case, one can speculate that a rotation of an angle will turn a bispinor into minus itself, and that it requires a rotation to rotate a bispinor back into itself. What really happens is that the identity in is mapped to in with an unfortunate choice of .
It is impossible to continuously choose for all so that is a continuous representation. Suppose that one defines along a loop in such that . This is a closed loop in , i.e. rotations ranging from 0 to around the z-axis under the exponential mapping, but it is only "half"" a loop in , ending at . In addition, the value of is ambiguous, since and gives different values for .
The Dirac algebra.
The representation on bispinors will induce a representation of on , the set of linear operators on "U". This space corresponds to the Clifford algebra itself so that all linear operators on "U" are elements of the latter. This representation, and how it decomposes as a direct sum of irreducible representations, is described in the article on Dirac algebra. One of the consequences is the decomposition of the bilinear forms on . This decomposition hints how to couple any bispinor field with other fields in a Lagrangian to yield Lorentz scalar's.

</doc>
<doc id="19263789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263789" title="Lion's Den (1988 film)">
Lion's Den (1988 film)

"Lion's Den" is a 1988 short film directed by Bryan Singer, his first film as a director. The film is about five guys meeting up at their old hang-out spot after finishing their first semester of college. The film is 25 minutes in length. Ethan Hawke who had known Bryan Singer as a kid in New Jersey agreed to star in it at the same time he was filming "Dad" with Jack Lemmon. The film was edited and also co-directed by John Ottman. 

</doc>
<doc id="19263799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263799" title="Cobscook Bay State Park">
Cobscook Bay State Park

Cobscook Bay State Park is a state park, surrounded by the salt waters of Cobscook Bay, and located four miles (6 km) south of Dennysville, Maine. The park contains of land and provides magnificent views of the ebb and flow of the tides. The name Cobscook is a Maliseet-Passamaquoddy word for boiling tides. Tides on average rises to high with some reaching as high as . The park is a haven for bird watching with the park's over 200 species of birds, including the American Bald Eagle. In Whiting Bay visitors can dig to gather clams, for the park is the only state park that allows visitors to engage in clamming. Cunningham Mountain provides an excellent vantage point for watching sunrise.
The Park is located on land leased from the neighboring Moosehorn National Wildlife Refuge, a fact which caused controversy during the U.S. federal government shutdown in 2013 when Refuge personnel closed the Refuge and, by extension, the state park. The move was criticized by Governor Paul LePage who also stated that in the event of another shutdown, he would order the Washington County Sheriff to forcibly open Cobscook Bay State Park if necessary. 
Access.
From Dennysville, drive south on U.S. Route 1 for five miles (6 km).

</doc>
<doc id="19263804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263804" title="Thomas Dunn">
Thomas Dunn

Thomas Dunn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263822" title="Brian Ellis (American politician)">
Brian Ellis (American politician)

Brian L. Ellis is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 11th House district in Butler County, Pennsylvania. He currently serves on the House Appropriations, Ethics, Finance, and Tourism and Recreational Development Committees.
Ellis is the Pennsylvania State Leader for the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), which writes pro-corporate model bills for state legislators to introduce.
Personal.
Ellis graduated from Butler Senior High School in Butler, Pennsylvania and graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a degree in communications. Prior to his election, he worked for his family's automobile dealership in Western Pennsylvania.
Political career.
Ellis first won a seat in the House in 2004, finishing first in a three-way GOP primary and going on to defeat Democrat Fred Vero with 55.9% of the vote.
In 2006, he defeated a challenger in the GOP primary with 78% of the vote and won the general election over Democrat Bill Neel with over 64% of the vote.
Ellis was unopposed in the 2008 primary and was opposed in the general election by Democrat Dave Wilson. He was re-elected in the 2010 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19263848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263848" title="Lahai, Kerala">
Lahai, Kerala

Lahai is a settlement in the northeastern part of Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.
Geography.
It is about above sea level. It is at .
Demographics.
With average population of 3000 people. The major revenue is Lahai Rubber estate which was established by British in early 1900 with of land.
Location.
Lahai is a naturally beautiful landscape with tropical rain forest of Ranny Division. The Sabarimala forest begins from Lahai. Most important fact is that the uphill road to Sabarimala ends at Lahai and become level road all the way to Sabarimala.
The famous Sabarigiri Hydro Project in 1960s had built heavy equipment transportation road to Moozhiyar Power House. This road now exclusively used by pilgrims to Sabarimala.
Lahai is a historical place in many regards. The "Sabarimala" "Thiruvabharanam" comes to Lahai Forest Bungalow, stays overnight and continues to Sabarimala.
The famous St. Thomas Pilgrims' Church, Nilackkal is away from Lahai Junction.

</doc>
<doc id="19263854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263854" title="Thomas English">
Thomas English

Thomas English may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263861" title="Van Zant (disambiguation)">
Van Zant (disambiguation)

Van Zant or VanZant or Vanzant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19263883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263883" title="Wick Powell">
Wick Powell

William Charles "Wick" Powell (1905–1973) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum-half who played club rugby for London Welsh and county rugby for Middlesex. Powell was a powerful passer whose speciality was the reverse pass, though he is often remembered for his varying displays for his country that sometimes would lose as much as win games.
Rugby career.
Powell first came to note when at the age of 16 was invited to tour with invitational team Crawshays. While 16, and as a Welsh Guardsman, he turned out for the Army XV. He left the army to qualify as an architect, and in 1926, while playing for London Welsh, he was brought into the Welsh squad against Scotland. Although Wales lost the match 8-5, Powell was hailed as a success as he appeared to complete his task of subduing Scotland's Ian Smith who had scored seven tries in his last two games against Wales. Powell would later captain Wales on two occasions, the first time against France in 1927, on only his fifth cap. He would captain Wales again the next match against Ireland, but although his last captaincy he would represented Wales 27 times up until 1935.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19263892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263892" title="Chilean Civil Code">
Chilean Civil Code

The Civil Code of the Republic of Chile ("Código Civil de la República de Chile", also referred to as the "Code of Bello") is the work of jurist and legislator Andrés Bello. After several years of individual work (though officially presented as the work of multiple Congress commissions), Bello delivered a complete project of the Code on November 22, 1855, which was sent to Congrees by President Manuel Montt, preceded by a foreword by Bello himself. Congress passed the Civil Code into law on December 14, 1855. It then came into force on January 1, 1857. Although it has been the object of numerous alterations, the Code has been kept in force since then.
Sources.
Traditionally, the Napoleonic Code has been considered the main source of inspiration for the Chilean Code. However, this is true only with regard to the law of obligations and the law of things (except for principle of abstraction), while it is not true at all in the matters of family and successions.
The indisputable main source of the Civil Code is the Siete Partidas (Seven-Part Code) of King Alfonso X, perhaps the pinnacle of Spanish "ius commune". For instance, in relating the acquisition of property, the code makes a clear distinction between the "titles" and the actual "acquisition" of property, similarly to the Roman Law and the German Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch.
The traditional Spanish law is also manifested strongly in the matter of successions. This is true notwithstanding the important modernisations made by the Code, such as eliminating the preference for the males in the adjudication of the estate, the end of "mayorazgos" (the adjudication of the whole estate to the elder male son) and the adoption of a rule against successive ususfructs. 
Similarly, it adopted the Canonical Law provisions regarding marriage.
The Code made important changes, inspired by the examples of European Codes in place or in preparation. Regarding the real estate, the Code was inspired by the old German registry system, adapting it to the necessities of the post-colonial economy. It was the first Civil Code containing especific provisions regarding the legal persons systematically.
The Code based its method of interpretation on the Louisiana Code creating a system original to its era. 
Although the Napoleonic Code influenced the Chilean Code largely regarding the law of obligations, this influence is in no case a mere transcription. For instance, while the French Code's final book is entitled ""On Contracts"", the Chilean Code's last book, second title, is named ""On the declarations of will"", comprising a general theory of contract. 
The Chilean Code is of clear neoclassic inspiration. Each institution is first aborded from an axiom and then the articles or sections cite examples or consequences of the axiom with a didactic purpose.
Influence.
The Chilean Code is an original work in confront with the French code both for the scheme and for the contents (similar to the Castillan law in force in that territory). This code was integrally adopted by Ecuador in 1858, El Salvador in 1859, Venezuela in 1862 (although only for that year), Nicaragua in 1867, Honduras in 1880 (until 1899 and again since 1906), Colombia in 1887 and Panama (after its separation from Colombia in 1903).
According to other Latin American experts of its time, like Augusto Teixeira de Freitas (author of the "Esboço de un Código Civil para Brasil") or Dalmacio Vélez Sársfield (main author of the argentinian Civil Code), it is the most important legal accomplishment of Latin America. 

</doc>
<doc id="19263898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263898" title="Bell Hollow">
Bell Hollow

Bell Hollow were a four-piece post-punk revival band based in Brooklyn, New York, composed of Nick Niles (vocals/keyboards/guitar), Greg Fasolino (guitar), Christopher Bollman (bass), and Todd Karasik (drums). The band 's music was often categorized as a blend of atmospheric 1980s post-punk and dream pop, and also encompassed elements of shoegaze, indie rock, gothic rock, and new wave.
The band's primary influences included The Chameleons, The Smiths, Radiohead, Cocteau Twins, The Comsat Angels, Slowdive, The Sound and Echo & the Bunnymen. Said acclaimed journalist Basim Usmani of "The Guardian" and "Vice": "A lot of revival bands rely on a caricaturized impression of the decade they're apeing. That's why Post Punk revival bands can leave me frustrated. They're a cliff notes version of a life altering text. Bell Hollow is the next chapter in that text".
The band's songs and live show won over several reputable publications, including "The Big Takeover" (who said "It’s rare to find new music so heavy and yet so heavenly and light at the same time"), "The Deli", veteran UK music journalist Mick Mercer., and "New York Press" (who said "Experience pays off with Bell Hollow, as the band brings a childish genre into adulthood"). Anti-Mag interviewed the band and proclaimed, "Beautifully delayed guitars reminiscent of a certain Mr. Smith, shining drums really caught my ear, and a heavenly voice radiated from the stage. I had found my childhood again!
Bell Hollow were interviewed on several New York radio stations, including East Village Radio and BreakThru Radio, playing live on the latter, as well as Detroit podcast "Most People Are DJs". Over the course of their three-year public career, Bell Hollow performed with New Model Army, Bush Tetras, Robbers on High Street, The Prids, Longwave, Lene Lovich and Bunnydrums, among others.
History.
Bell Hollow was formed in 2003 by Fasolino and Bollman, both members of influential 1980s New York City outfit The Naked and the Dead, who had briefly reunited during 2002. They soon added drummer Hayden Millsteed (also a member of Lubricated Goat).
In 2005, singer Nick Niles joined the band, filling out the sound and solidifying their direction. An initial four-song eponymous demo quickly garnered them local and European media attention.
Freshly signed to five03 records in spring 2006, the band recorded their first EP, "Sons of the Burgess Shale", which was issued that October. Said Allmusic's Jo-Ann Greene: "If any reminder was needed of the incestuous relationship between post-punk, early new wave, goth, and later, shoegazers and dream poppers, Bell Hollow's Sons of the Burgess Shale EP provided a crucial primer. In the space of four songs, the band zapped the zeitgeist of heady days between punk's final funeral pyre and the phoenix-like rise to success from its ashes of the New Romantics". Tom Murphy of Westword in Denver said, "While so many latter-day post-punk bands fall all over themselves trying to mimic the more danceable moments of a Gang of Four record, Bell Hollow chooses to embrace atmosphere and mood".
In late 2006, Todd Karasik (formerly of acclaimed New York indie-pop band My Favorite, and also a member of The Secret History) replaced Millsteed. Their first performance with the new lineup was at the prominent annual Winterfest arts festival at the Crane Arts Building in Philadelphia, promoted by InLiquid, who said, "The Bunnydrums were good, but Bell Hollow, in retrospect, stole the show".
The band recorded their first full-length record, "Foxgloves", at Water Music in Hoboken during June 2007, with producer/engineer Hillary Johnson at the helm. Guest musicians on the album included Joshua Strawn of Blacklist playing acoustic guitar on the track "Eyes Like Planets", and Andrea Vaughn of My Favorite performing backing vocals on "Getting On in Years." "Foxgloves" was released by five03 in November 2007, to considerable acclaim. Allmusic called it "A mesmerizing album that will haunt listeners for years to come". The album made #18 on the list of "Best Rock, Electronic, & Folk Albums of the 2000s, Pt. 1" on CultureCatch, whose Steve Holtje said, "There were lots of acts looking to the early '80s for inspiration, but few managed to do such a good job of drawing on that era's iconic sonic aspects without actually sounding like they were imitating particular bands".
Johnson soon became the band's live keyboard player (and eventually, manager).
Bell Hollow toured the Southeast and Midwest during 2008, including prominent concerts in New Orleans, Atlanta, Athens, Buffalo, and Detroit. NBC 4 in Washington, D.C. previewed the tour, with Chris Gerard saying "Foxgloves was clearly a labor of love - the songs are exquisitely crafted and expertly performed, and they all have real feeling and drive...producing a record that appeals both to die-hard post-punk aficionados still pining for that rare Chameleons 45 that they lost in their parents basement 25 years ago, as well as a new generation of fans who are under the delusion that The Killers' kinetic new-wave sound is original".
In the summer of 2008, Bell Hollow signed with online music purveyors RCRD LBL, releasing five free remixes from Project Jenny, Project Jan; hip-hop producer/remixer Phofo; Nine Inch Nails remixer Halo33; Cruel Black Dove; and Peter Du Charme (aka Master Cylinder, of "Jung at Heart" fame). "Copper Crayon (Project Jenny, Project Jan Remix)" was featured in the NBC television series "Kath & Kim". These remixes were packaged with three outtakes as a digital-only EP "Foxgloves Extras", released in December 2008.
Vocalist Nick Niles departed in December 2008 in pursuit of other musical endeavors, but it was not until February 2009 that Bell Hollow formally announced its dissolution, citing Niles' departure as the reason. Fasolino resurfaced in 2013 with new project The Harrow.
Discography.
Albums
EPs
Singles
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="19263900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263900" title="Tunstead, Norfolk">
Tunstead, Norfolk

Tunstead is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. The village is 10.7 miles north north east of the city of Norwich, 15 miles south south east of Cromer and 129 miles north east of London. Tunstead is 2.5 miles north of the settlements of Wroxham and Hoveton.
The nearest railway station is at Wroxham & Hoveton for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
For the purposes of local government, the parish falls within the district of North Norfolk. At the time of the 2001 census, the parish had a population of 674.
See also.
Tunstead & Sco-Ruston village website

</doc>
<doc id="19263910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263910" title="Karol Stricker">
Karol Stricker

Karol Stricker was born May 21, 1959, in Buffalo, New York. The child of Thomas and Margaret McEniry, she established herself as a painter of fine porcelain. Her Native American and fantasy works were well received for their level of detail and attention to historical accuracy. Her artwork has been exhibited in over 200 galleries worldwide, and is in private collections and museums across the globe. She painted in the Spurgeon style of ceramic painting which she pioneered.
Personal life.
Karol grew up in Wharton, New Jersey during the 1960s and 1970s, where she studied art with local artisans.
She gave birth to two children, Michael and Tara Glenn, and had six grandchildren including the artist Chynna Rose, Cierra Marie, Alexandria Rose, Caleb Michael, Gabriel Mathejis, and Alexander Shaffer. She also had a brother, Thomas McEniry III, and twin sisters Karen Diggs, and Kathy Halderman.
She was married to Michael Glenn Sr. in 1976. They subsequently divorced in 1981. Karol took up painting at this point and continued to improve her technique, while raising a family.
She had two other marriages, to Lee Stricker and Timothy Stricker during the late 1980s and early 1990s. When her husband Timothy went to prison for pedophelia in 1995 she turned back to her art and made a name for herself in Charleston, Illinois.
As her health declined she lost the interest in ceramics she once had, and only a few precious pieces remain from this time.
At the time of her death on January 14, 2008 she was 48.

</doc>
<doc id="19263965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263965" title="1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 27th edition of the event known that year as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP International Series Gold of the 1999 ATP Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from February 15 through February 21, 1999.
The singles field featured ATP No. 4, ATP Tour World Championships winner, and recent Sydney finalist Àlex Corretja, Australian Open champion, Halle and Moscow titlist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, and Tashkent and Basel winner, Doha runner-up Tim Henman. Also lined up were Stuttgart Super 9 titlist Richard Krajicek, Paris Super 9 champion Greg Rusedski, Karol Kučera, Thomas Enqvist and Goran Ivanišević. 

</doc>
<doc id="19263988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19263988" title="Morane-Saulnier I">
Morane-Saulnier I

The Morane-Saulnier I, also known as the Morane-Saulnier Type I was a French fighter of the 1910s. Essentially a modified Morane-Saulnier N, the Royal Flying Corps possessed a number of them in World War I.
Development.
Largely on the advice of Lord Trenchard, the Royal Flying Corps placed an order in for a more powerful version of the popular Morane-Saulnier N. Morane-Saulnier responded by fitting a 110 hp Le Rhône engine to a Type N, creating what they called the Type I. An order was placed initially for one aircraft, expanding to thirteen by March 1916.
Operational history.
However, only four aircraft were ever delivered to the RFC by July 1916, the aircraft having first flown in March of that year under RFC trials. No further production took place because the Morane-Saulnier V afforded more favourable characteristics. However, these Type Is were delivered to the front as combat aircraft and used as late as October 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="19264004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264004" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Serbia)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Serbia)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is a ministry in the government of Serbia responsible for maintaining the consular affairs and foreign relations of Serbia. The current minister of foreign affairs is Ivan Mrkić, since 27 July 2012.
History.
The foreign policy and diplomatic tradition of Serbia derive from its independent state in the twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. Specific foreign policy and diplomatic experience of the Serbian state was drawn upon the vassal or autonomous state of the Serbian people during the various periods of the Ottoman domination in the Balkans, from the fifteenth to the nineteenth centuries.
In the nineteenth century, when the movement for independence from the Ottoman Empire became irrepressible, especially after the First Serbian Uprising (1804) under Karađorđe and the Second Uprising (1815) under Miloš Obrenović, Serbia embarked upon an ever broader diplomatic rapport with the Porte in Constantinople, with Russia, Austria, Great Britain, France, Germany, Italy and other European nations and neighboring states, such as Romania, Bulgaria and Greece. Serbia became fully independent and internationally recognized at the Congress of Berlin in 1878.
Among the states with which Serbia established diplomatic relations first (before that time diplomatic relations were limited to certain diplomatic functions) were Russia, Austria, Great Britain, France, Germany, Italy and a number of other European countries. The diplomatic relations with the United States, however, were established only in 1882, through the ratification of the Convention on trade and navigation and the Convention on consular relations.
Following the end of World War I, in which Serbia fought on the side of the Entente, Serbia became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
In the interwar period the Kingdom was a founding member of the League of Nations and of the Little Entente with Romania and Czechoslovakia as well as of the Balkan Treaty with Romania, Greece and Turkey. The Kingdom's joining of the Axis Tripartite Pact on March 25, 1941 was revoked, by the will of the Serbian people, on the streets of Belgrade two days later.
During World War II, in which Yugoslavia was allied against the Axis Powers, a new Yugoslav federal state came into being that was proclaimed and internationally recognized in 1945.
The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was a founding member of the United Nations in 1945 and of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe in 1975. It was also one of the founders of the Non-Aligned Movement, which held two summit conferences in Belgrade, in 1961 and 1989. In the early fifties Yugoslavia was a member of the Balkan Treaty with Greece and Turkey.
Officials and organization.
The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Ivan Mrkić. The State Secretary is Vera Mavrić and the Secretary General is Zoran Marković. Assistant Ministers are Goran Aleksić for bilateral relations, Roksanda Ninčić for multilateral affairs, Duško Lopandić for the European Union, Zoran Vujić for security policy, and Šani Dermaku for consular affairs.
Organization scheme of the ministry:
Serbian representation abroad.
Serbia has a significant number of diplomatic missions abroad, representing its growing ties with the West along with Yugoslavia's historical ties with eastern Europe and the Non-Aligned Movement.
Serbia inherited about a third of the diplomatic facilities that belonged to the former Yugoslavia. After 2001 embassies in Chile, Colombia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ghana, Guinea, Lebanon, Mongolia, North Korea, Pakistan, Thailand, Venezuela, Vietnam and Zimbabwe were closed due to financial or reciprocal reasons. In June 2008, the government of Serbia made the decision to close consulates in Bari, Graz and Malmö, and later that year Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremić announced plans to open a consulate-general in Knin, Croatia and an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
On November 30, 2006, the Government of Serbia adopted the "Memorandum of Agreement between the Republic of Montenegro and the Republic of Serbia on Consular Protection and Services to the Citizens of Montenegro". By this agreement, Serbian diplomatic missions provide consular services to the Montenegrin citizens on the territory of states in which Montenegro has no missions of its own.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs maintains the following missions abroad:
Serbia hosts 65 foreign embassies in Belgrade, 5 Consulates-Generals (two in Niš and Subotica and one in Vršac) and 4 Liaison offices (in Priština). Serbia also hosts representatives of the Palestinian National Authority and Sovereign Military Order of Malta and 13 Honorary Consuls, some accredited as Ambassadors.
Diplomatic Academy.
The first modern law on diplomatic service was passed in 1886 during the reign of King Milan. The Diplomatic Academy was formed in 1998 from the former diplomatic school of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Diplomatic Archive.
The diplomatic archive of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is based on former activities of the diplomatic archive of the Kingdom of Serbia and Kingdom of Yugoslavia. It was founded on May 5, 1919 on the basis of the Decree, and it consisted of Documentation and Library of the Ministry, taken over from the Ministry of the Kingdom of Serbia and Montenegro. The Main Archive started to operate more effectively in the fall of 1924 since it was then that the Minister of Foreign Affairs formed an expert commission whose task was to inspect gathered documents on the creation of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, and make a plan of future operation of the Main archive. The Law on archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and diplomatic and consular missions of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia abroad has from April 5, 1930 been precise in stating which holdings of the archive would become part of the Main Archive. The Diplomatic Archive has published the collections of public documents on foreign affairs of the SFRY between 1945 and 1950 in eight volumes called Blue edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19264034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264034" title="Mount Yoko (Northern Yatsugatake)">
Mount Yoko (Northern Yatsugatake)


</doc>
<doc id="19264063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264063" title="Ahmad Ismail (Malaysian politician)">
Ahmad Ismail (Malaysian politician)

Datuk Ahmad Ismail (born 1955), is a Malaysian politician and a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), serving as the chief of UMNO's Bukit Bendera (Penang Hill) division in the state of Penang.
Ahmad Ismail is known for controversial actions and remarks made in the fields of politics, business and sports, including the latest controversy in which he uttered incendiary remarks about the Chinese community during and after the Permatang Pauh by-election in August 2008, leading to his suspension by UMNO in September 2008.
Political career.
Accusations of racism.
"Chinese as squatters" remark.
In late August 2008, Ahmad Ismail was highlighted over racist remarks uttered during campaigning in a by-election in Permatang Pauh that primarily pitted Barisan Nasional candidate Arif Shah Omar Shah (UMNO) against Pakatan Rakyat candidate Anwar Ibrahim (PKR) for the Permatang Pauh parliamentary seat.
On August 25, 2008 local Chinese daily "Sin Chew Daily" reported a speech made by Ahmad Ismail on the evening of August 23, 2008 at Kampung Pelet to campaign for Arif Shah, in which he allegedly stated Malaysian Chinese were "immigrants" and "squatters", and could not have equal rights. In a September 6 statement by Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi, Ahmad was quoted that he merely uttered the remark based on historical facts and claimed it was not a racist statement as reported by "Sin Chew Daily", accusing the paper of misinterpreting him.
Despite criticism of his remark in the by-election and expressing regret that it resulted in controversy, Ahmad remained defiant and refused to apologise. In a further outburst during a press conference on September 8, Ahmad seditiously warned the Chinese community not to seek political power:
"The patience of the Malays and Muslims has a limit. Do not push us to the wall, as when we turn back we will be forced to push the Chinese in the interests of our own survival [...] The Chinese should not try to be like the Jews in America. It is not enough they control the economy, now they want political control."
Following a meeting with Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi on September 9, Ahmad would later be quoted in stating Malays were "frustrated" and that Malay "dignity" was at stake, remaining convinced that he is more nationalistic defending the Malays rather than being racist:
"Half the Chinese say I'm a racist but most Malays say I'm a nationalist defending my race [...] What I see now is a rise of the Malay people, and I feel we should capitalise on the strength, the support we get from the Malay people... I know they are with me."
Reaction to His Comments.
Revelations of Ahmad Ismail's comments during and after the by-election drew widespread criticism predominantly from the Chinese community. On August 27, the youth wing of the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA) demanded an apology from Ahmad, with secretary-general Wee Ka Siong stating Ahmad had angered the Chinese as well as other non-Malay communities; Wee had also received numerous complaints from the Chinese community in the past two days. On September 9, Gerakan president Koh Tsu Koon announced Penang Gerakan has dissociated itself from UMNO's Penang branch, holding leaders of UMNO Penang accountable for failing to condemn Ahmad's conduct:
"We no longer want to be associated with Penang UMNO. We condemned the statement and irresponsible behaviour by Ahmad and his supporters. We are also extremely disappointed and saddened by the fact that many Penang UMNO leaders were present and condoned such irresponsible and insensitive statement and behaviour. He had twisted and turned a personal mistake into a conflict and crisis among BN component parties and the communities."
Views among members of UMNO were less conclusive. Following revelations of Ahmad's comments in the by-election, Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi stated party leaders expressed "regret and anger" over Ahmad Ismail's remark, as UMNO considered actions to be taken against Ahmad. Former Law Minister Mohamed Nazri Abdul Aziz and former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohammad voiced similar views that Ahmad Ismail has be held accountable for his remarks and issue an apology. In a September 6 report published by "Utusan Malaysia", Muhammad Muhammad Taib reiterated Ahamd's defense, asking the public, especially politicians, not to put forward baseless accusations against Ahmad, claiming his remarks could merely be used in the context of history rather than politics.
Suspension from UMNO.
In 2008, UMNO imposed a suspension on Ahmad for three years.
Reactions to His Suspension.
However stronger action than had been expected in a bid to soothe growing anger from the Chinese community and among parties in Barisan Nasional ruling coalition. On September 12, 2008 Sin Chew Daily reporter Tan Hoon Cheng who reported the speech made by Ahmad Ismail, had been arrested under the Internal Security Act at 8.30pm at her home in Bukit Mertajam, Penang. 
Business.
In 1995, Peninsular Metroworks was founded with Ahmad Ismail as its executive chairman.
The company was a special purpose vehicle, intended to receive concession to develop the Penang Outer Ring Road (PORR), a project which was subsequently delayed by the federal government in 2008 following the 2008 general election. Additionally, a majority stake in Peninsular Metroworks was indirectly linked to Ahmad Ismail: A 55% stake in the company was held in its early years by Nadi Senandung Sdn Bhd, which Ahmad was the director of; the remaining 45% was held by Setegap Bhd and Kumpulan Pinang Holdings Sdn Bhd, the latter a full subsidiary of Yayasan Bumiputra Pulau Pinang .
Ahmad Ismail was also the director of Popular Profile Sdn Bhd, which the Penang Development Corporation believed had wrongfully taken and kept RM500,000 from the state in a botched land transaction for Bukit Minyak in 1998, before winding up in 2005; Ahmad was believed to have cut links with the company in 1998. A police report was lodged by Penang Development Corporation on the September 3, 2008.
Crossback Arowana Farm at Bukit Merah Perak is Ahmad's latest business venture. He is a major shareholder for this golden arowana breeding farm and most of his pricey arowanas are exported to Mainland China.
Sports.
In addition to interests in politics and business, Ahmad Ismail was also the president of the Malaysian Sepak Takraw Association. During the 2007 Southeast Asian Games in Korat, Thailand, Ahmad led the pullout of Malaysia's sepak takraw team at the last minute.

</doc>
<doc id="19264071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264071" title="Kenya Plantation and Agricultural Workers Union">
Kenya Plantation and Agricultural Workers Union

The Kenya Plantation and Agricultural Workers Union (KPAWU) is a trade union which represents 200,000 agriculture sector workers (2005 estimate) in Kenya, including tea, coffee, and flower workers. The KPAWU was established in 1963 when several unions were amalgamated. Its head office is in Nakuru, a regional centre. The KPAWU is affiliated to the Central Organization of Trade Unions.
Political activities.
The KPAWU is engaged with a number of labour issues. Some of its work is focused on the elimination of child labour in Kenya's agricultural sector. Where plantation owners are seeking Fair Trade certification for their produce, the KPAWU plays a role in the implementation of international labour standards required under the Fair Trade rules.
The KPAWU is opposed to mechanization of plantations on the grounds that the introduction of machines is a threat to jobs. For example, in 2006 it threatened strike action against a plantation owner which sought to introduce tea-picking machines.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19264087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264087" title="Old Uyghur alphabet">
Old Uyghur alphabet

The Old Uyghur alphabet was used for writing the Old Uyghur language, a variety of Old Turkic spoken in Turfan, which is an ancestor of the modern Yugur language. The term "Old Uyghur" used for this alphabet is misleading because the Uyghurs of Mongolia used the runic Orkhon (Old Turkic) alphabet, and only adopted this script used by the local inhabitants when they migrated into Turfan after 840. It was an adaptation of the Sogdian alphabet, used for texts with Buddhist, Manichaean and Christian content for 700–800 years in Turfan. The last known manuscripts are dated to the 18th century. This was the prototype for the Mongolian and Manchu alphabets. The Old Uyghur alphabet was brought to Mongolia from Tata-tonga.
Like Sogdian writing but to an even greater extent, Old Uyghur writing tended to express with matres lectionis not only the long vowels but also the short ones. In fact, the practice of leaving short vowels unrepresented was almost completely abandoned in Uyghur. Thus, while ultimately deriving from a Semitic abjad, the Uyghur script can be said to have been largely "alphabetized".

</doc>
<doc id="19264092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264092" title="Newquay Tretherras">
Newquay Tretherras

Newquay Tretherras is a school with academy status in Newquay, Cornwall, England. It is located in the north-east part of the town beside the A3058 road at .
Tretherras is a mixed-sex school for students between the ages of 11 and 18. It is a Designated Technology College and the current headteacher is Sue Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="19264093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264093" title="International Comfort Products Corporation">
International Comfort Products Corporation

International Comfort Products Corporation (ICP) is a company that designs, manufactures and markets central air conditioning (HVAC) systems, gas and oil furnaces for use in homes and commercial buildings headquartered in Lewisburg, Tennessee, United States.
About.
ICP is a United Technologies subsidiary (and part of its Carrier operating unit). ICP makes oil and gas furnaces, heat pumps, and central air-conditioning systems for residential and commercial customers. It manufacturers, markets, and sells residential heating and cooling systems under the Arcoaire, Comfortmaker, Day & Night, Heil, KeepRite, Lincoln, and Tempstar brands; its commercial units, with up to 25 tons of cooling capacity, are sold under the ICP Commercial brand. ICP's Tempstar has international sales with support in Shanghai, China, Canoas, Brazil, Bucharest, Romania and Wiener Neudorf, Austria.
ICP produces more than a million units a year at various manufacturing complexes in the United States, Mexico and Canada. Oil furnaces are also produced at the Canadian plant in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
History.
ICP has been growing through the years by developing diversified brands and acquiring competitor brands. Its goal was to establish its presence in all available market niches.
International Comfort Products Corporation brands trace their roots back many years. Comfortmaker was a brand of AFCO (American Furnace Company) produced in St. Louis, Missouri since 1900. Arcoaire were made by ARCO (Atlantic Richfield Company.) Both Comfortmaker and Arcoaire were parts of the SnyderGeneral Corporation (which was based in Dallas, Texas but had its residential and light commercial operations in Red Bud, Illinois and Hutchins, Texas) until in 1991 they sold their Residential Operations to Inter-City Products. The KeepRite brand has been a major brand in Canada for 50 years. High efficiency oil furnaces, produced exclusively at the Quebec plant, carry the Lincoln name. Day & Night began as a solar water heater company in 1909 in Monrovia, California, providing Californians with round-the-clock hot water. It ventured into space heating in 1930s. After extinguishing the name in 1997, the Day & Night brand name was resurrected in Western US and Canada in 2009. Heil was established in 1962; the Tempstar brand was introduced in the 1980s in response to increased market demands for a full line of heating and cooling products. 
International Comfort Products has the largest North American distribution system in the industry. Independent wholesalers sell residential and light commercial products to installers in the replacement and renovation sectors and to contractors in new construction.
ICP became a wholly owned subsidiary of United Technologies Corporation in 1999. Before this event happened, ICP was known as Inter-City Products.
In October 2002, ICP became an exclusive original equipment manufacturer (OEM) of Kenmore brand residential, central heating and cooling equipment for Sears, Roebuck and Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19264111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264111" title="Overt-Kill">
Overt-Kill

Over-Kill is a fictional character in the comic book, "Spawn". 
Fictional character biography.
Overt-Kill is a psychopathic Sicilian mob enforcer and Spawn's first major enemy. He was introduced by Don Tony Twist to kill Spawn, and was a difficult opponent for the newly born Hellspawn to deal with. He boasts augmented strength and speed, a sadistic battle fury and a strong, if not misguided, sense of his own invulnerability.
In one of his first appearances he is taken down by the police marksman Twitch, who fires one bullet into his vulnerable ear.
Overt-Kill has also gone by the name of OvertWar. Over the course of his career he has been dismantled three times.
Creation.
In an episode of The Comic Book Greats, Stan Lee set Rob Liefeld and Todd McFarlane the challenge of designing a character in twenty minutes from a name he gave them "Over Kill" the character they came up with had many similarities with and was the basis for Overt-Kill.
Powers and abilities.
As a cyborg Overt-Kill has cybernetically enhanced strength, speed and senses. Overt-Kill also wields numerous high powered weapons including armor-piercing guns, mounted rockets and laser cannons.
Name dispute.
Overt-Kill was originally supposed to be called Overkill. However, there was a character called Overkill in Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy (the former Taserface).

</doc>
<doc id="19264156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264156" title="Chris Thompson (footballer)">
Chris Thompson (footballer)

Christopher Michael "Chris" Thompson (born 7 February 1982, in Warrington) is an English footballer, who plays as a striker for Northern Premier League Division One North side Salford City.
He notably played in the Football League for Grimsby Town, before moving into Non-League football with Northwich Victoria, Droylsden, Leek Town, Chorley, Scarborough, Barrow, Fleetwood Town, Leigh Genesis and Bamber Bridge.
Career.
Thompson joined Liverpool as a youngster but was released in 2001 despite being the club's reserve team top scorer during the 2000/2001 season. Thompson made his debut for his new club Grimsby Town, coming on as a substitute in the 74th minute, at home to Norwich City, in a 2–0 defeat in the First Division on 30 October 2001. He made fourteen league appearances for Grimsby, scoring one goal. In 2003 he moved to Northwich Victoria where he scored three goal in 27 league appearances. He spent time on loan at Droylsden and Leek Town before moving to Chorley in 2005 and the following season to Scarborough, where he scored sixteen goals in the 2006-07 season. Later in 2007 he moved to Barrow, then in the Conference North, where he was a member of the squad that won promotion through the end-of-season play-offs to the Conference National in 2007-08, scoring sixteen goals. On 5 September 2008 he signed a one-month loan deal with Conference North club Fleetwood Town, where he played in one league match and one Conference League Cup match.

</doc>
<doc id="19264165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264165" title="Ray Gooding">
Ray Gooding

Ray Gooding (born 16 February 1959) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder. He made 59 appearances in the Football League for Coventry City, Bristol City and Plymouth Argyle.
Playing career.
Gooding began his career with Coventry City, having been signed by Gordon Milne in 1976. He scored five goals in 49 league appearances over the next six years and spent a month on loan with Bristol City during the 1981–82 season. Gooding joined Plymouth Argyle in 1982 and scored once in nine league and cup games before suffering a cruciate ligament injury. Having been forced to give up professional football, he played briefly for Bedworth United in non-league football before ending his career.
Coaching career.
Gooding returned to Coventry in 1988 when John Sillett appointed him to work with John Peacock as a football development officer in the community at the club's centre of excellence. He went on to be responsible for young player recruitment and first met Richard Money when he was appointed academy director during Gordon Strachan's tenure as manager. Under their stewardship, Coventry's youth team reached two FA Youth Cup finals. Gooding took redundancy in the summer of 2008 and became a member of Money's academy staff at Newcastle United. He later worked for Birmingham City as a recruitment officer and scout for their academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19264181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264181" title="Hebron High School (Indiana)">
Hebron High School (Indiana)

Hebron High School is a four-star high school located in Hebron, Indiana, U.S.A. The school is operated by the MSD of Boone Township, also known as Hebron Schools.
Hebron High School is located on Indiana State Road 2, roughly halfway between Valparaiso and Lowell. 
The school's principal is Mark Lutze. 
The athletic director is Rhonda Walker.
The school's superintendent is George Letz.
Mascot - Hawks
School Colors - Red and White

</doc>
<doc id="19264195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264195" title="Morane-Saulnier V">
Morane-Saulnier V

The Morane-Saulnier V, also known as the Morane-Saulnier Type V was a French fighter of the 1910s. 
Development.
Developed in parallel with the Morane-Saulnier I, the Type V was similar to the I but was larger with a three-hour endurance. It also differed in that it had larger wing and deepened ventral contours to accommodate extra fuel tanks. 
Operational history.
Developed at the beginning of 1916, the Type V was intended primarily to meet a Royal Flying Corps requirement, and the service of the Type V was officially accepted in May 1916. However, like the Type I, the aircraft proved to be unpopular across-the-board and the Type V was retired from service only 5 months later. However, in 1917 18 aircraft were in service with the Imperial Russian Air Service (IRAS). It is believed that these were acquired by the Bolshevik Red Air Fleet during the Russian Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19264217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264217" title="Gnathitis">
Gnathitis

Gnathitis refers to jaw inflammation.

</doc>
<doc id="19264241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264241" title="Political and Economic Research Council">
Political and Economic Research Council

The Policy and Economic Research Council (PERC) (formerly known as the "Political" and Economic Research Council) is a Durham, North Carolina based non-profit, non-partisan think tank that concentrates on market-based economic development, both in the United States and internationally. PERC is a primary innovator and leader in the field of alternative data, and has spearheaded information-led development as a means for effective community economic development. PERC's experts have published a number of reports, presented findings worldwide, and testified before the United States Congress on a variety of issues. PERC scholars also serve as expert witnesses in matters pertaining to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, consumer credit, credit reporting and credit scoring, and the value of information sharing in commercial varying contexts. PERC is a 501(c)3 non-profit centrist enterprise.
History.
PERC was founded as the Information Policy Institute in 2002 in New York City. It first entered national prominence through its involvement in the reauthorization of the Fair Credit Reporting Act in 2003. PERC produced "Access, Efficiency, and Opportunity" for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. This report was the most cited document during the Congressional debate on credit that resulted in the adoption of all of PERC's policy prescriptions. In 2004, PERC helped to rationalize the free credit provisions of the FACT Act. PERC's research assisted in the reopening of financial data sharing in Australia and led to a Parliamentary inquiry into credit reporting. In August 2008, the Australian Law Reform Commission advocated that Australia follow many of PERC's recommendations.
In 2006, PERC published "Give Credit Where Credit Is Due" with The Brookings Institution, helping to reignite interest in the idea of alternative data. PERC remains very active in the field through its Alternative Data Initiative. PERC also has a long-running interest in the economic recovery of the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina. PERC has released a number of surveys and reports on small business recovery in the region. PERC has released studies for the governments of South Africa, Brazil, Japan, and several Latin American markets as a whole.
In September 2009, Dr. Michael Turner was selected to be a fellow at , which solidified Ashoka's support for PERC's Alternative Data Initiative.
Members.
The organization relies on a staff of highly qualified individuals and staffs specific projects with the top talent in the field through its adjunct fellow program.
Advisory Board.
PERC's board includes: 
Officers.
PERC's executive officers include: President and CEO Michael Turner, Ph.D., Director of International Operations and COO, Robin Varghese, Ph.D., Director of Research and CFO, Patrick Walker, and Director of Scientific Intelligence, Edward M. Roche, Ph.D. 
PERC also employees the expertise of Senior and Adjunct fellows. Senior fellows include Joseph W. Duncan, Ph.D., Sukanya Chaudhuri, PhD., Michael G. Nathans, and Gabriel Davel. Adjunct fellows include Wedge Greene, Murilo Pereira, Walter Kitchenman, and Haydé Navarro Alvarez Tostado.
Dr. Michael Turner.
Dr. Michael Turner, President and Senior Scholar of PERC, founded the Policy and Economic Research Council in 2002. He is a prominent expert on credit access, credit reporting and scoring, information policy, and economic development. He has testified before Congress and numerous state legislatures, and presented studies to a host of government agencies including the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Communications Commission, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, the Council of Economic Advisors, and the White House. 
Dr. Turner was appointed to the first Data Privacy and Integrity Advisory Committee of the Department of Homeland Security by former Secretary Tom Ridge, and served on an Advisory Board at the Brookings Institution. He has advised senior government officials in more than 20 countries, and was a policy advisor to the Obama Campaign on urban policy.
The author or co-author of dozens of books, studies, and articles, Dr. Turner is widely cited in the mainstream and trade media. He is a highly sought after public speaker who has addressed audiences worldwide. Dr. Turner has served as expert witness for both plaintiff and defense in several federal cases (class action, anti-trust) involving information policy, consumer credit, credit reporting and financials services.
Dr. Turner has also served as Graduate Fellow at the Columbia Institute of Tele-Information at the Columbia Business School, Executive Director of the Information Services Executive Council, manager of government affairs for the North American Telecommunications Association, and staff assistant in the U.S. Senate. Dr. Turner received his Ph.D. from Columbia University in International Political Economy and his B.A. from Miami University in Economics. He was awarded a Yeck Fellowship from Harvard Business School, as well as the Ashoka Foundation Fellowship in 2009.
Mission.
PERC seeks to increase financial inclusion globally by more than any institution on Earth. Credit invisibility, which is the lack of lender access to predictive information about borrower risks or credit scores, denies millions the access to loans and modern financial services. By working with policymakers, credit bureaus, and industry leaders, PERC shows the financial benefits of using alternative data (rent, telecom, and/or utilities payment records) to judge credit. These benefits do not just extend to the Credit Invisible population, but to all individuals, and the credit bureaus themselves. By demonstrating the efficacy of alternative data and coordinating the responsible sharing and use of it between all parties involved, PERC drives global progress by bringing underserved and low-income individuals into the modern financial fold. 
Areas of interest.
Solutions development.
PERC galvanizes markets by developing and implementing innovative information solutions to financial access problems. Working with leaders in both public and private sectors such as (information services firms, credit bureaus, IT companies, and government agencies), PERC delivers alternative data networks, manages the development of credit bureaus, helps expand credit services, and similar projects. Our work with these partners also helps PERC create alternative data scorecards and credit capacity assessment tools (income and employment verification). PERC also advises governments, credit bureaus, and lenders, as well as managing and implementing public policy and media relations efforts around specific policy outcomes. Through these extensive efforts, PERC expands alternative data reporting and, therefore, increases financial inclusion across the globe.
Economic impact analysis.
PERC researchers design and implement a variety of economic impact analyses, measuring effects from the individual to the macro-economy level including:
PERC researchers have carried out a variety of economic impact analyses. Specific expertise has been developed in understanding the social and economic impacts resulting from data expansions (e.g., the impact on national economies, consumers, and lenders when changing national credit reporting regimes) and data contractions (the impact upon the national health care system from prohibitions on the commercial use of prescriber identifiable data). 
PERC's ground breaking study on alternative data, "Give Credit Where Credit is Due", used advanced analytical tools to calculate the effects on consumers and lenders of including alternative data in credit files. PERC's research routinely involves the manipulation, cleaning, merging and analysis of large and complex data sets, consisting of millions of observations. PERC's impact analysis usually goes beyond basic estimates of economic outcomes and includes detailed breakdown of findings and segmentation analysis (socio-economic impact analysis).
PERC's reports can be customized for any type of reader, including policymakers, technocrats, the media, and a general audience. This makes PERC's findings accessible to all, allowing our key studies to gain traction in various spheres of influence so as to increase financial inclusion.
Public policy research.
Since 2002, PERC has released dozens of quantitative policy studies that have had real impacts on national, state, and international policy outcomes. Most significantly, in 2003, PERC published a report quantifying the economic and social impacts of the 30 year-old FCRA national credit reporting regime. This report was the most cited document during the Congressional debate that resulted in the full adoption of all of PERC's policy prescriptions by Congress as embodied in the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (FACT Act). PERC has worked for the South African government to produce a report to identify unused data sets that could be collected for small and medium enterprises risk-assessment and credit extension. PERC’s research has assisted credit reporting reform in Brazil, Australia, and Singapore, as well as aiding policy advocates and reformers across Latin America. PERC has conducted quantitative research on the impact of proposed changes to regulations covering the credit industry at the request of the Federal Reserve Board.
Advocacy and Outreach.
Given the range of legitimate concerns about the collection, storage, use and resale of sensitive data—against a backdrop of technological advances making possible large scale and sophisticated data analytics solutions known as “Big Data”—ensuring that policy is appropriately calibrated is critical. PERC has a veteran team of experts who are adept at public speaking, delivering testimony, and crafting messages for key policymakers. PERC scholars have testified before the United States Congress, as well as having educated members of both parties in the United States Congress, state legislatures, and senior officials with dozens of governments spread across five continents. 
PERC scholars have worked to educate all levels of government officials, effectively interact with the media, and convey critical information to the general public. PERC scholars have been interviewed by "USA Today, The Economist, BusinessWeek, Time Magazine" and "The National Journal", among other publications, and by various radio and television programs, such as C-SPAN and SkyNews. Releases of PERC reports coincide with increased local interest, such as interviews on local radio stations and news channels. PERC’s Gulf Coast Economic Renewal reports have been met with such local interest that their roll-outs have been standing room only and their findings reported on the front page of USA Today’s business section.
Financial infrastructure advisory services.
PER has worked with governments in developed and developing nations to reform their national credit information networks and payment systems. Whether building a credit information sharing system from scratch, or simply fine tuning an existing network, PERC can customize a team of experts with the necessary experience 
Expert witness services.
PERC scholars have testified as expert witness in several major cases, including a federal anti-trust case, two federal cases involving first amendment issues and the health information industry, and cases in lower courts involving consumer credit issues. 
Areas of expertise include:
Event programing.
PERC has hosted a number of successful international conferences. In 2008, PERC, along with Peking University, hosted a blue-ribbon conference in Beijing on credit reporting reform in China. Scholars from five continents were invited to speak. Bankers, academics, and government policy makers in China heavily attended. PERC has also hosted a number of conferences for its Alternative Data Initiative that bring together representatives from the credit reporting agencies, utilities and telecoms, government regulators, consumer advocates, and analytic firms.
Application development.
PERC has a proven track record of developing economic "dashboards" for monitoring both long- and short-term changes in the economic well being of families, communities, and small businesses exposed to exogenous shocks (e.g. hurricane, plant closing). Developing financial vulnerability indices to help communities adjust business portfolio to minimize losses from exogenous shock. PERC's disaster recovery dashboard has already been adopted by the World Bank for use in emerging markets. Developing and testing community economic development program metrics that rely upon granular data sets and that provide near real-time measures of program efficacy. This enables development agencies to identify unmet needs, assess the relative efficacy of varying programs, and more efficiently allocate scarce resources across competing program needs. This also increases transparency and accountability for funders.
Initiatives.
Besides previous work in data privacy and information policy, PERC has a number of currently active projects:
Alternative data initiative.
Up to 54 million Americans have insufficient credit information to qualify for mainstream credit. PERC has been promoting the full reporting of customer payment data—both positive and negative data—by energy utility and telecom firms to credit rating agencies as a way of helping millions of Americans quickly build a positive credit history and enable them to access affordable credit. PERC has published three major reports on the issue: "Giving Underserved Consumers Better Access to the Credit System", "Give Credit Where Credit is Due" (with the Brookings Institution), and "You Score, You Win". PERC also conducts extensive outreach, including testimony in front of Congress. PERC works with the three major credit reporting agencies, TransUnion, Experian, and Equifax, as well as consumer groups, asset building organizations including the Corporation for Enterprise Development CFED, state and federal legislators, and regulators as part of its Alternative Data Initiative.
In the Fall of 2009, owing to the promise of the Alternative Data Initiative, the Ashoka Foundation named PERC founder Dr. Michael Turner a United States Ashoka Fellow. This is the highest honor that can be bestowed upon a social entrepreneur, and is indicative of the great potential PERC's ADI holds to dramatically increase financial inclusion in the US and globally.
Information-led development.
PERC also conducts research in international economic development. PERC scholars have conducted research and outreach in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Colombia, Guatemala, Honduras, Trinidad and Tobago, Brazil, China, India, Sri Lanka, Mexico, Costa Rica, South Africa, Russia, and Singapore. PERC founded the Asia-Pacific Credit Coalition to promote regional credit reporting standards. In March 2008, it hosted an international experts conference on credit reporting in China with Peking University. PERC has been retained by the National Credit Regulator of South Africa to conduct research on SMEs, the Inter-American Development Bank to assess credit information sharing in Mexico, and the Kenyan Credit Information Sharing Initiative of the Kenyan Bankers Association and the Central Bank of Kenya to assess a first-ever credit information sharing pilot in Kenya.
In addition to their policy work, PERC, through its double bottom line for-profit Credit Risk Management International (CRMI), has been actively developing market solutions to credit access challenges in emerging markets, including Kenya and China. PERC is partnering with SinoCred, an intermediary organization in China, to facilitate the rapid build out of a credit information sharing system and the proliferation of value added services that will dramatically expand credit access in China.
Gulf Coast economic renewal.
PERC President Michael Turner co-authored an op-ed piece on credit impacts of Hurricane Katrina. Interest from this piece led PERC to partner with The Brookings Institution to do a study on the economic effects of disaster on communities. PERC has authored two surveys of small business owners, "Recovery, Renewal, and Resiliency' and "Recovering But Not Recovered". Research conducted jointly with The World Bank represents the first time in its history that the World Bank has engaged in research focusing upon the United States. They released a report on the credit impacts of disaster, and are working to provide a recovery monitoring dashboard.
Asia Pacific Credit Coalition.
Asia Pacific Credit Coalition (APCC) is a PERC-managed coalition of organizations that work together to promote a regional standard for full-file, comprehensive consumer credit reporting to private credit bureaus within the twenty-one Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) member states. For the past 7 years, PERC and the APCC has generated cutting-edge research to promote reform within member states and elevated awareness of the significance of credit information sharing. THE APCC has also implemented regional stands for credit information sharing while driving credit reform in member economies. The Asia-Pacific Credit Coalition was acknowledged for its influence on the current credit reporting reforms in New Zealand.
The APCC members believe that credit reporting should be based on the following general principles:
1. Both positive and negative credit and payment data should be reported to consumer reporting agencies;
2. Recognizing that the individual is owner of their own credit information,consumer rights and protections are paramount. As such, the OECD Fair Information Principles, including notice, access, choice, correction, and redress, should be judiciously applied and shall serve as the foundation of any regional consumer credit reporting standard.
3. A private credit bureau and a public credit registry are complementary to one another and each play distinct and vital roles in a vital financial services system;
4. Reporting of credit and payment data should be done on a voluntary and not mandatory basis;
5. Access to credit and payment data should be universal to all those with a permissible purpose regardless of whether they report the type of firm.
Economic Development Metrics.
The Economic Development Metrics (EDM) Project is a project developed to better measure the impacts of community development programs enacted by non-profit organizations like the United Way of America. Since community development groups have been slow to adopt the latest information technology advances, they usually use prevailing “outcomes based” measures. These measures often lack full quantitative rigor; therefore, they inhibit better monitoring, benchmarking and impact analysis. By offering better measuring techniques, PERC is able to produce the transparent and measurable results donors and government sponsors are looking for.
Global footprint.
PERC has engaged in projects in the following nations:
Supporters.
PERC receives funding and support from the following foundations, corporations, and governmental organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19264250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264250" title="Uwe Rosenberg">
Uwe Rosenberg

Uwe Rosenberg (born 27 March 1970 in Aurich, Lower Saxony) is a German game designer. He has become known mainly for his card game Bohnanza, which is successful both in Germany and internationally. He also designed Agricola, a game that dethroned Puerto Rico as the highest rated game on BoardGameGeek.com at the time. It is no longer the highest ranked game on BoardGameGeek.com.
Rosenberg first began to occupy himself with the development and mechanisms of games during his school years. During that time, he published a number of play-by-mail games, some of which are now available at www.omido.de. When he was a student, Amigo published his best-known game, Bohnanza. Since finishing his statistics studies in Dortmund (the subject of his thesis was "Probability distributions in Memory"), his main occupation is the development of games.
In 2000, he founded the small publishing company Lookout Games, together with a few other authors. It published a number of expansions to Bohnanza, partly in cooperation with Hanno Girke. Larger projects were still published at other publishers, such as Amigo and Kosmos.
Rosenberg is well known for the development of innovative card game mechanisms. Another main point of his work are the research-intensive games, that have peculiar historical events as their theme, and games that deal with clichés about men and women. Since 2005, he concentrates in complex building games with an economic theme: his first, Agricola, was released in October 2007. As second game in this series, Le Havre was published in October 2008, the third At the gates of Loyang was presented in October 2009 and the fourth Ora et Labora was published in 2011.
He married Susanne Balders on 18 May 2007. He lives in Gütersloh and works at his studio in Dortmund.

</doc>
<doc id="19264256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264256" title="Crissy Ahmann-Leighton">
Crissy Ahmann-Leighton

Crissy M. Ahmann-Leighton (born May 20, 1970) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and former world record-holder. 
Ahmann-Leighton attended the University of Arizona from 1988 to 1992, where she swam for the Arizona Wildcats swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition. She won NCAA national championships in the 100-yard butterfly in 1991 and 1992.
She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she received three medals. She won a gold medal by swimming the butterfly leg for the winning U.S. team in the women's 4x100-meter medley relay. Together with relay teammates Lea Loveless (backstroke), Anita Nall (breaststroke), and Jenny Thompson (freestyle), she set a new world record of 4:02.54 in the event final. Ahmann-Leighton received another gold medal for swimming for the winning U.S. team in preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay. Individually, she also received a silver medal for her second-place performance in the women's 100-meter butterfly, recording a time of 58.74 seconds in the event final. 

</doc>
<doc id="19264265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264265" title="KSRW">
KSRW

KSRW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19264281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264281" title="KSTV">
KSTV

KSTV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19264287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264287" title="418th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron">
418th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron

The 418th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 58th Tactical Fighter Training Wing, being inactivated at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona on 1 October 1976.
History.
World War II.
The squadron was activated on 1 April 1943 at the Army Air Force School of Applied Tactics, Orlando AAF, Florida. After several months of training, the unit was deployed to the Pacific Theater, moving first to Camp Patrick Henry, near Newport News Virginia where they boarded the USS General John Pope, sailing through the Panama Canal to Milne Bay, New Guinea.
In New Guinea, the squadron was assigned to Fifth Air Force and initially stationed at Dobodura airfield in November 1943. Flying P-70 Havocs and P-38 Lightnings, the unit conducted night fighter defensive operations against intruding Japanese aircraft over New Guinea, moving to several advance airfields on the island throughout 1943 and 1944. In September 1944, the squadron was re-equipped with P-61 Black Widows and moved to Morotai Island in the Dutch East Indies where they engaged enemy aircraft. In the East Indies, additional B-25 Mitchells and P-38s were assigned, using the B-25s for night intruder operations, P-61s for night fighter operations and the P-38s for searchlight cooperation operations. In November the squadron moved to the Philippines, arriving on Leyte on 14 November.
The unit was attached frequently to different units throughout the war, and remained in the Philippines until July 1945 when it moved to Okinawa. From Kadena Airfield, the unit attacked a wide range of enemy targets on Hainan Island, Hong Kong, and along the east China coast. Its first mission against targets on the Japanese Home Islands took place on 28 July when it attacked targets on Kyūshū and also in the Shanghai area of enemy controlled China.
After V-J Day, the 418th NFS moved briefly to Atsugi Airfield, Japan during October 1945 where it was part of the occupying forces. It returned to Okinawa on 15 June 1946, conducting training operations until 20 February 1947 when the unit was inactivated. Its assigned personnel, aircraft and equipment were transferred to the 4th Fighter Squadron (All Weather).
Activated by Pacific Air Forces as an F-100 Fighter-Day squadron at Clark AB, Philippines in late 1957. Never received aircraft or personnel; inactivated 1 July 1958.
F-104 Training.
On 1 October 1969 when the 58th Tactical Fighter Training Wing (TFTW) was activated, replacing the provisional 4510th CCTW as the host unit at Luke. Concurrently, the 69th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron (TFTS) and the 418th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron (TFTS) were activated as F-104G training units, replacing the provisional 4512th CCTS and 4518th CCTS to support Foreign Military Sales of the F-104. Pilots from Greece, Norway, Turkey, Denmark, and Spain were trained at Luke. In addition, many F-104Gs owned by the West German Luftwaffe actually operated with the 58th TFTW where they sported USAF insignia and carried USAF serial numbers.
The F-104G program ended with the delivery of the last example by MBB in 1973, the last foreign students graduated in the summer of 1976 and the squadron was inactivated on 1 October.

</doc>
<doc id="19264290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264290" title="Kevin Jobling">
Kevin Jobling

Kevin Jobling (born 1 January 1968 in Sunderland) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City, Grimsby Town and Shrewsbury Town, and in non-league football for Telford United.

</doc>
<doc id="19264296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264296" title="Jim McGinlay">
Jim McGinlay

Jim McGinlay (born James Anthony McGinlay Lennoxtown, Scotland, 9 March 1949) was a Scottish bass guitarist who formed along his elder brother Kevin a hard-rock band called Salvation, in Glasgow, which after numerous line-up changes included Midge Ure, future Ultravox frontman and Live 8 contributor, Billy McIsaac and Kenny Hyslop. 
By 1964, he began his musical career, forming The Strollers, along his brothers Kevin on lead guıtar and Hugh on rhythm guıtar and cousin Ernie Slater on drums, in which he played bass guitar. In the rest of years of the 1960s he was in another three bands, the last of them, the second with his brother Kevin, called Friendly Persuasion, which became famous. 
In June 1970, Friendly Persuasion disbanded and Jim and Kevin formed Salvation, a pop supergroup wıth Nod Kerr on drums Mario Tortolano on organ and Ian Kenny on lead guıtar. Kenny left in December 1970 replaced by Jim Brown and Kerr left in c May 1971, being replaced by Matt Caırns. They also had Martın Bırrel on organ for a whıle. James Ure (shortly afterwards named Midge Ure) on lead guıtar, Billy McIsaac on organ and Kenny Hyslop on drums joined the brothers in Mar 1972. That membership remained until Kevin left in Apr 1974, so the remaining members changed the band name to Slik. The band had numerous musical styles like glam and soft rock, and after failed promising hits and the arrival of punk rock, McGinlay left the band on March 1977, being replaced by Russell Webb, but the band lasted until September and with another name, PVC2.
Later he joined his brother Kevin's band Revival, that until now are active (but without Kevin).

</doc>
<doc id="19264299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264299" title="William Steele (general)">
William Steele (general)

William Steele (May 1, 1819 – January 12, 1885) was a career United States Army officer who served with distinction during the Mexican–American War. He later served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Steele was born in Albany, New York, in the spring of 1823; his mother was from Florida and his father originally from New England. He attended the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1836, graduating four years later standing 31st out of 42 cadets. He was appointed a brevet second lieutenant in the 2nd U.S. Dragoons on July 1, 1840.
Steele served at the Cavalry School for Practice at the Carlisle Barracks in Pennsylvania in 1840 and 1841, during which he was promoted to second lieutenant on February 2, 1841. He participated during the Seminole Wars in Florida in 1841 and 1842, engaged there in two skirmishes. Steele and the 2nd Dragoons were on frontier duty at Fort Jesup in Louisiana from 1842 to 1844, and then in garrison at Jefferson Barracks in Missouri in 1844 and 1845. 
The 2nd Dragoons were part of the Military Occupation of Texas in 1845 and 1846, just prior to the start of the Mexican–American War. Steele fought at the Battle of Palo Alto on May 8, 1846, 
after which he was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant in the 2d Dragoons on May 9. He then saw action at the Battle of Monterrey that September, the Siege of Vera Cruz in March 1847, and the Battle of Cerro Gordo in April. Steele then fought in the Battle of Contreras and the Battle of Churubusco on August 20, and the Battle of Molino del Rey that September. Steele was appointed to the rank of brevet captain for his performance at Contreras and Churubusco as of August 20, 1847.
After the war with Mexico ended, Steele was the acting asst. adjutant general of the cavalry brigade in 1847 and 1848. He was also the adjutant of the 2d Dragoons from December 20, 1847, to April 10, 1849, during which the 2nd was in garrison duty at East Pascagoula, Mississippi in 1848. Steele then served on recruiting service in 1848 and 1849, and on frontier duty with the 2nd at several locations in Texas. Included in these assignments were being stationed at Fredericksburg in 1849 and 1850, at Fort Martin Scott, in Austin in 1850, and at Fort Lincoln in 1850 and 1851. Steele and the 2nd Dragoons returned to Fort Martin Scott and later back at Fort Lincoln in 1851, and Steele served as Quartermaster in Austin in 1851 and 1852, during which he was promoted to captain as of November 10, 1851. Due to his multiple postings in Texas, he married a woman from there in 1850.
Steele and the 2nd Dragoons were stationed at Fort Conrad in the New Mexico Territory from 1852 to 1853, and was on scouting duty in 1853, during which Steele was engaged against Apache in a skirmish near Fort Conrad on July 28, 1853. He then served at Fort Craig in the New Mexico Territory in 1854 and at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas from 1854 to 1855. Steele participated in the expedition against the Sioux in 1855, during which he fought near Blue Water on September 3, 1855. He returned to Fort Leavenworth in 1855 and 1856, and then was at Fort Randall in the Dakota Territory from 1856 to 1857. Another stint at Fort Leavenworth followed in 1857 and 1858, and then in garrison at St. Louis, Missouri, in 1858. Steele was on sick leave from 1858 to 1859, and on frontier duty at Fort Kearny in the Nebraska Territory from 1859 into 1860. Steele was part of the expedition against the Kiowa and Comanche in 1860, then stationed once at Fort Scott in Kansas from 1860 to early 1861.
Civil War service.
On May 30, 1861, Steele resigned his U.S. Army commission and moved to Texas. Choosing to follow the Confederate cause and his adopted home state, he entered the Confederate States Army as a colonel in the 7th Texas Cavalry on October 29. His first assignment was heading the Confederate forces in Mesilla during the New Mexico Campaign. Steele was promoted to brigadier general on September 12, 1862, and then the following year was sent to the Western Theater. He commanded the Confederate District of the Indian Territory in Lt. Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith's Department of the Trans-Mississippi from January 8 to December 11, 1863. 
Steele commanded the Department's Eastern Subdistrict of the District of Texas, New Mexico, & Arizona beginning on March 18, 1864. He participated in the Red River Campaign that spring, and was praised for his performance in the Battle of Pleasant Hill on April 9. He then briefly led a division of cavalry until May 26, 1865, the day Gen. Smith surrendered the department. Steele was paroled on August 4 from San Antonio, Texas.
Postbellum.
After the war, Steele returned to Texas and became a Commission merchant of cotton from 1866 to 1873. He moved to Austin in 1873 and was then Adjutant-General of the State of Texas until his death in early 1885. He died in San Antonio, Texas, at the age of 65, and is buried at Oakwood Cemetery in Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="19264339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264339" title="Channel 7 – Bahía Blanca">
Channel 7 – Bahía Blanca

LU81 TV Canal 7 de Bahía Blanca is an Argentine private, free-to-air television station broadcasting from the city of Altos del Palihue for Bahía Blanca, Buenos Aires as an Artear owned and operated station. Founded in October, 1965, the station competes with Channel 9, however it produces even less local programming than its only competitor, not producing local shows at all during Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="19264353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264353" title="Iranian Offshore Oil Company">
Iranian Offshore Oil Company

The Iranian Offshore Oil Company (IOOC) is a subsidiary of the National Iranian Oil Company. IOOC, an independent legal entity, is based in Tehran and operates in southern Iran. Its activities cover important areas of the Persian Gulf and its main operations are in Bushehr Province and on Kharg Island, Sirri Island and Lavan Island.
History.
After Iranian Revolution, all partnership contracts with aforementioned companies were abolished, and a year later, the Iranian Offshore Oil Company (IOOC) was established by combining those companies. The objective underlying establishment of IOOC was to achieve an optimized production as well as to safeguard oil and gas reservoirs in the Persian Gulf area, along with an increase in the production rate and prevention of oil and gas migration in the common fields.
During the Iraq-Iran War, the IOOC suffered considerable damages to offshore and onshore facilities.
In 2012, IOOC signed a contract worth $6.6 billion, with Iran’s power projects management company (MAPNA) for developing the Forouz B gas field in the Persian Gulf and generating electricity from the produced natural gas.

</doc>
<doc id="19264363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264363" title="Keith Jobling">
Keith Jobling

Keith Jobling (born 26 March 1934) is an English former professional footballer born in Grimsby who made 450 appearances in the Football League as a centre half for Grimsby Town. Until overtaken by John McDermott in 2000, Jobling was Grimsby Town's appearance record-holder. After leaving Grimsby he joined Boston United, first as a player and then as successor to Jim Smith as manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19264369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264369" title="Morane-Saulnier AC">
Morane-Saulnier AC

The Morane-Saulnier AC, also known as Morane-Saulnier Type AC and MoS 23, was a French fighter of the 1910s. 
Development.
The AC was conceived in mid-1916, being derived from the Type N via the unbuilt Type U. It differed from earlier single-seat Morane-Saulnier aircraft in that it had ailerons for lateral control rather than wing warping, and because of its rigid wing bracing, with a wire braced truss of steel tubes supporting the wings from below. It appeared in autumn of that year, and was found to be aerodynamically clean.
Operational history.
The AC's first flight is unrecorded, however it is assumed that it was late summer 1916. After initial testing thirty aircraft were ordered for the Aviation Militaire. Although of advanced design and good performance, the AC was considered inferior to the SPAD S.VII and therefore was not adopted in quantity. Two examples were provided to the Royal Flying Corps for evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="19264371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264371" title="Guitar Praise">
Guitar Praise

Guitar Praise is a Christian rhythm video game for PC. Published by Digital Praise, it uses contemporary Christian music with gameplay akin to that of the "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" games, although it is only compatible with its own wired and cordless USB guitar controllers. A second guitar can be connected for two-player mode. The games can be played on a computer running Microsoft Windows or Mac OS X. While the game does not contain a mode for vocals, it does display the song's lyrics on-screen during the song. It also supports online leaderboards but the website is currently down.
Development.
"Guitar Praise" was developed in response to the popularity of the "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" franchises, popular demand directly received by CEO Tom Bean via emails, and as a follow-up to "Dance Praise"a dance game focused on Contemporary Christian music which proved successful within its market.
As with "Dance Praise", "Guitar Praise" was designed to be a family-oriented game and provide a "positive experience" for all players. As a result of this mandate, its soundtrack consists of primarily Christian rock music with no offensive content, and the game additionally does not feature any animated avatars for playersas the company viewed the characters of "Guitar Hero" to be negative role models for its intended audience. However, some reviewers also attributed the lack of characters in the game as a result of the budgetary requirements modelling and animating 3D characters would require).
Soundtrack.
At launch, the game included 52 songs from 43 different artists. An expansion pack titled "Expansion Pack 1" added 25 new songs from various artists. Digital Praise later released a five-song downloadable pack that could only be purchased online.
The final official expansion pack, , was created to celebrate Christian band Stryper's 25th anniversary. It featured 25 songs, all performed by Stryper: eleven from , nine from Murder by Pride, and five from Reborn.
Expansion packs were manufactured on CD-ROM, but they are now out of print. Songs can still be downloaded online from Digital Praise. Unlike Guitar Hero and Rock Band games released as expansion packs, which are full games in and of themselves, the Guitar Praise expansion packs require the Guitar Praise game.
Reception.
The game was generally well received in both Christian and non-Christian gaming reviews. Christian entertainment site ICE gave the game a 7 out of 10, summarizing their thoughts by calling Guitar Praise " 'rock-solid' product that can stand up with the competition. While some of the problems were downers overall the game was quite fun." However, they also noted that this style of game is better suited for console play, citing small text size and poor use of screen layout as major issues. "As a PC and Mac only title it is heavily limited by the nature of the beast." It was also noted that "Guitar Praise" does not support any peripherals from any other music game, hindering the use of existing "Guitar Hero" controllers. PluggedIn Online, a website authored by the American evangelical organization Focus on the Family, concluded that "yes, Guitar Praise is indeed a Guitar Hero clone. Only this clone is better than the original."
Some non-Christian gaming outlets were also impressed with the game. Tracey John of MTV's Multiplayer blog wrote that the game "is no doubt a slick and surprisingly competent 'Guitar Hero' knock-off aimed at the game-playing Christian market," and noted that the game stayed true to its market instead of attempting to re-invent the genre, and aside from songs making references to such themes, had little overtly religious imagery or tones." U.S. Military site Stars and Stripes says that "Developer Digital Praise obviously has an idea that strikes a chord with Christian youth and a few tweaks would make this a popular item. Even as it is, it’s fun — just not as fun as the others."
Wired's Eliot Van Buskirk noted that while "there’s no way to battle the devil", he considered "Guitar Praise" an acceptable alternative to the "Rock Band" and "Guitar Hero" series for Christian families, even though it did not contain as much functionality and polish as other major music games (noting the lack of characters, and the lack of hammer-ons and pull-offs in songs, and its easier difficulty), and also noted that the game's wireless guitar peripheral did not have a sleep mode, which could drain the battery easily.
The game exceeded sales expectations, according to icepowered.com. In response, Digital Praise has considered expanding the franchise to include support for full band gameplay, and has also actively considered the possibility of bringing the series to game consoles, however it has considered the idea a potential financial risk.

</doc>
<doc id="19264381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264381" title="USS Richland">
USS Richland

USS "Richland" is a name used more than once by the U.S Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="19264392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264392" title="Bill Geddie">
Bill Geddie

William Fredrick "Bill" Geddie (born July 17, 1955) is an American television producer. He is currently the executive producer of ABC Daytime's "The View", on the ABC television network. He is also a partner with Barbara Walters in "BarWall Productions" and is responsible for co-producing popular American television shows such as "The Barbara Walters Special" and "The 10 Most Fascinating People" annual special. Bill Geddie is also owner of "Bill Geddie Productions".
Early life.
Geddie was born in San Antonio, Texas. He graduated University of Texas at Austin in 1977, majoring in communications/film. He started out buffing the floors at KOCO-TV, in Oklahoma City and Geddie has stated that "When you buffed the floors—this is how informal television was back then—they let you run camera for the local news. What got me off the floor was that I went to the news director and said I had shot film before, so he gave me a job shooting film."
Awards & nominations.
Geddie received six Emmy Award nominations and two wins. He is a screenwriter in his spare time, Mr. Geddie wrote the script for "Unforgettable", a movie starring Ray Liotta and Linda Fiorentino. In 2003, he won a Daytime Emmy Award in the Outstanding Talk Show category for his work as executive producer of "The View". To date, he has scored ten Daytime Emmy nominations. He will be presented the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 39th Daytime Emmy Awards on June 23, 2012 for his contributions as writer, producer and director in his more than 30-year television career. Malachy Wienges, chairman of NATAS, stated: "Bill Geddie is an icon in the television industry."
Criticism & controversies.
His role on "The View" has come into question at times. Geddie acknowledges that he is frequently featured on the show when he was interviewed by Broadcasting & Cable. The interviewer asked him: "You’re on air fairly often – are you reluctantly cast into that role?" Bill Geddie's response: "I always say, ‘if I can help you in any way, I’ll do it. If I can be the brunt of a joke, if I can do to get a laugh or if I can help in any way that’s what I’ll do.’ Otherwise, that is it. I stay out of the way. I’m not an on-air personality and I think anybody who’s seen me realizes that. But early on, the network thought it would be kind of fun to see there’s this guy here in charge, but if you watch the show, you see that generally speaking I’m a side player and I’m basically there to get a laugh."
He has had well documented disagreements, in particular, with former hosts Star Jones, Rosie O'Donnell, and guest host Kathy Griffin.
Personal life.
He and his wife reside in New York and the couple's two daughters reside in California.

</doc>
<doc id="19264415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264415" title="Norwegian Contractors">
Norwegian Contractors

Norwegian Contractors AS was a concrete gravity base (GBS) structure supplier form 1974 to 1994. Aker Marine Contractors AS (AMC) was established in 1995 and is a continuance of the marine activities in Norwegian Contractors AS.
Norwegian Contractors AS have worked on following offshore platforms:
See also.
Beryl A(1976)

</doc>
<doc id="19264430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264430" title="Green Exchange">
Green Exchange

The Green Exchange is a sustainable and green retail and office development project in the Logan Square community area of Chicago, Illinois that is designed to house more than one hundred eco-friendly businesses and organizations within a single building. Developers of the building are currently seeking LEED Platinum status for their rehabilitation of a historic landmark four-story manufacturing facility originally built in 1914.
Once completed, the retail and office space will be open to the public and is intended to serve as an important Midwest destination for green consumers.
History.
Green Exchange occupies the former Frederick Cooper Lamp Company building, built in 1914, and originally home to the Vassar Swiss Underwear Company. Cooper bought the building in 1967 and in 2005, relocated to China.
In 2004, Cooper announced it was closing down the factory in Chicago. In order to keep the building from being turned into condominiums, the Logan Square Neighborhood Association (LSNA), a grass-roots community organization, organized neighbors, veteran Cooper workers, and the U.S. Green Building Council to form the Cooper Lamps Task Force.
As Cooper began to lay off workers during the summer of 2005, the Task Force negotiated for severance benefits from the owners and applied for enhanced job-training from the city. With the support of 1st Ward Alderman Manuel Flores for a jobs-focused use for the plant, the building was sold to Baum Development, LLC, a commercial developer who agreed to pursue a use for the building that would create jobs.
Baum Development worked with the Commission on Chicago Landmarks and the National Park Service to win landmark protection for the building. Ninety-six percent of the original building structure will be rehabilitated and maintained to preserve this landmark structure.
Three times larger than the Jean Vollum Natural Capital Center in Portland, OR, Green Exchange is the country’s largest sustainable business community that will only house tenants offering green products and services. According to David Baum, one of the developers, "In order to be a tenant in Green Exchange, you must be doing something to advance the green marketplace.”
Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley has described the project as “a great example of the public-private partnerships that are working together to help make Chicago one of the most environmentally friendly cities in the nation.”
Building.
Green Exchange is located at 2545 West Diversey Avenue alongside the Kennedy Expressway, from which the building’s iconic four story clock tower can be seen. The tower underwent significant rehabilitation in 2008 to restore the façade’s original architectural ornamentation.
The building‘s conversion has been headed by Hartshorne Plunkard Architecture. The first and second floors are intended for retail stores and showrooms while the third and fourth floors are for shared and individual office spaces. About 20 percent of these are work/live units ranging from 700 to for business owners who want a kitchenette and bath and for start-up owners who want to live in their workspace. Additional tenant amenities include bike rooms, showers and environmentally friendly meeting and event space.
The , four story building is U-shaped, divided into two wings separated by a courtyard. This layout allows natural light to penetrate from more than 600 windows that surround the building. The courtyard is being converted into a parking structure with priority parking for low-emitting vehicles.
The roof of the parking structure will feature an sky garden that will be accessible from the second floor. Rain is collected in a 41,329-gallon cistern underneath the ground floor and used to irrigate plants and grass on the roof.
The building lowers utility costs in part due to a building envelope consisting of highly insulated walls and roofs combined with 600 high performance windows. The escalator slows down when no one is using it, thereby reducing energy usage by as much as 30 percent when compared to standard models.
A sophisticated computerized Intelli-Building Automated Building Controls System with over five miles of wire and conduit controls the energy efficient HVAC system that allows for individualized control of tenant spaces and increased occupant comfort. CO2 sensors in each of the 150 plus comfort zones insure the tennants are breathing fresh air, along with saving wasted energy. Non-toxic construction materials and coatings improve the indoor air quality.

</doc>
<doc id="19264443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264443" title="Matt Wayne">
Matt Wayne

Matt S. Wayne is an American writer of comic books and television. Wayne is probably best known for his work on the animated series "Justice League Unlimited", "" and "The Super Hero Squad Show", and writing and editing comic books for Milestone Media.
Biography.
Wayne was born in Cleveland, Ohio, grew up in Milford, Michigan, and attended the University of Michigan. He was childhood friends with writer Richard Pursel and was high school and college friends with writer Dwayne McDuffie.
Comic books.
Wayne's first comic book credit was for material in "Marvel Year-In-Review" #1 for Marvel Comics. He then wrote several stories for Hamilton Comics. 
When McDuffie co-founded the comic book company Milestone Media, Wayne was hired as an editor on titles such as "Icon" and "Hardware". Wayne also wrote several titles, including the series "Shadow Cabinet" and "Heroes". 
After Milestone ceased publishing monthly comics in 1997, Wayne wrote for DC Comics.
Television.
Wayne credits his friend Richard Pursel for helping him get his first job writing in television for the animated series "Poochini". His friendship and past work with Dwayne McDuffie led to other television writing work, including "Static Shock", "What's New, Scooby-Doo?", "Danny Phantom", "Tom and Jerry Tales", "Krypto the Superdog", and "Storm Hawks". 
Wayne was hired to write several episodes of the animated series "Justice League Unlimited" and was eventually promoted to story editor. Continuing his work on animated projects based on popular comic books, he also wrote several episodes of "the Legion of Super Heroes" and "the Spectacular Spider-Man". 
Wayne also wrote the screenplay for the animated film, "".

</doc>
<doc id="19264465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264465" title="Thomas Aldwell">
Thomas Aldwell

Thomas Aldwell built the Elwha Dam on the Elwha River, approximately 4.9 miles upstream from the mouth of the river. Construction began in 1910 and the dam was completed in 1913. Lake Aldwell is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19264475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264475" title="Civil service reform in developing countries">
Civil service reform in developing countries

Civil service reform is a deliberate action to improve the efficiency, effectiveness, professionalism, representativity and democratic character of a civil service, with a view to promoting better delivery of public goods and services, with increased accountability. Such actions can include data gathering and analysis, organizational restructuring, improving human resource management and training, enhancing pay and benefits while assuring sustainability under overall fiscal constraints, and strengthening measures for public participation, transparency, and combating corruption.
Important differences between developing countries and developed countries require that civil service and other reforms first rolled out in developed countries be carefully adapted to local conditions in developing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19264478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264478" title="Alternative data">
Alternative data

In economic policy, alternative data refers to the inclusion of non-financial payment reporting data in credit files, such as telecom and energy utility payments.
PERC is the primary thought leader in this field, having conducted multiple studies on alternative data. PERC proposes that mainstream lenders use "alternative" or "nontraditional" data, including payment obligations such as rent, gas, electric, insurance, and other recurring obligations to evaluate the risk profile of potential borrowers.
Types of alternative data.
Alternative data in the broadest sense refers to any non-financial information that can be used to estimate the lending risk of an individual. Information includes:
Research by PERC suggests that utility and telecom payments are most accurate at scoring individuals.
Alternative data in North America.
United States.
In the United States, credit files include negative information, such as delinquencies as well as positive information, such as repayment of debts. Still, an estimated 35 to 54 million Americans have insufficient credit information to qualify for mainstream credit. If immigrants in the United States are included, that number exceeds 70 million. Access to credit is thus a Catch-22 for many poor Americans—one needs credit to get credit. Research suggests that the inclusion of alternative data in credit files could bring many of these individuals into the credit fold. That is, non-financial positive payment information, such as rents or utility payments, may give credit agencies enough information to rate previously unscorable individuals known as the unbanked. These newly scored individuals have risk profiles similar to those already in the mainstream credit system. Racial minorities, women, and the poor disproportionally benefit. Furthermore, loans become smarter. Including alternative data has little effect on the credit mainstream, those already scorable in the current system. Furthermore, this increase in data decreases the number of bad loans 
Experian purchased RentBureau in June 2010, which houses rental payment histories on over 7 million US residents, this data will now be included in consumer credit reports as of January, 2011. This will benefit those that overlap with the 50 million US underbanked consumers. The danger with this, is that it will provide a further variable to damage credit scores of those that do not for example manage their rental payments on time in addition to their other credit arrangements
Current use of alternative data.
Utilities and telecoms firms in several states have started reporting their data to CRAs. PRBC, a consumer credit reporting agency based in Kennesaw, Georgia, allows consumers to self-enroll and build a positive credit file based on their timely payments for bills such as rent, utilities, cable, telephone, and insurance that are not automatically reported to the other bureaus. TransUnion, First American CredCo, and LexisNexis have all recently released products involving alternative data.
Concerns about the use of alternative data in credit files.
Some concerns about the use of alternative data have been raised over the long-term consequences of fully reporting utility and telecom payments to credit rating agencies. There are concerns that state and local incentives to not pay bills on time (for example, some states provide heating oil subsidies if payments are missed) may cause deterioration in credit scores over time. There is also concern that people who open accounts with only alternative data will become over-extended. Recent research shows, however, that the inclusion of alternative data does not degrade credit scores over a one year period.
Alternative data in low-income countries.
In low-income nations, alternative data is often the only type of data available for credit scoring. The population is often not formally employed, lacks a credit history, cannot fulfill loan application requirements, and has insufficient capital. Even when these requirements are fulfilled, lending institutions often have very little experience with clients’ economic activity leading to untailored loan products.
Electronically-available alternative data, such as bill payments, mobile telephone bills, rental payments, and electronic transaction data, could be used to score these individuals and enter millions in low-income countries into a more modern credit ratings system.
An especially promising option is the full reporting of trade credit data, such as records from cash and carry warehouses.

</doc>
<doc id="19264481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264481" title="Morane-Saulnier AF">
Morane-Saulnier AF

The Morane-Saulnier AF, also known as the Morane-Saulnier Type AF and the MoS 28 was a French fighter prototype of the 1910s. 
Development.
Although the fuselage was based on the Morane-Saulnier Type AC, this aircraft was different from it. The first single-seat biplane fighter developed by Morane-Saulnier, the AF was delivered to the Aviation Militaire in late 1917 for testing.
Operational history.
First flying on 23 June of that year, the AF showed excellent handling and good performance. However, it was deemed inferior to the SPAD S.XIII which was already in quantity production.
Morane-Saulnier adapted the design to a floatplane, as described below.

</doc>
<doc id="19264489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264489" title="List of Ubuntu releases">
List of Ubuntu releases

Ubuntu releases are made semiannually by Canonical Ltd, the developers of the Ubuntu operating system, using the year and month of the release as a version number. The first Ubuntu release, for example, was Ubuntu 4.10 and was released on 20 October 2004. Consequently, version numbers for future versions are provisional; if the release is delayed until a different month (or even year) to that planned, the version number changes accordingly.
Ubuntu releases are timed to be approximately one month after GNOME releases, which are in turn about one month after releases of X.Org, resulting in each Ubuntu release including a newer version of GNOME and X.
Every fourth release, in the second quarter of even-numbered years, has been designated as a Long Term Support (LTS) release, indicating that they are supported and receive updates for five years, with paid technical support also available from Canonical Ltd. However the desktop version of LTS releases before 12.04 were supported for only three years. Releases 6.06, 8.04, 10.04 and 12.04 are the LTS releases. Non-LTS releases prior to 13.04 have typically been supported for 18 months, and have always been supported until at least the date of the next LTS release. This has changed, however, for 13.04 and subsequent non-LTS releases, with the support period being halved to 9 months.
Naming convention.
Ubuntu releases are also given code names, using an adjective and an animal with the same first letter (e.g. "Dapper Drake"). With the exception of the first two releases, code names are in alphabetical order, allowing a quick determination of which release is newer. Names are occasionally chosen so that animal appearance or habits reflects some new feature (e.g., "Koala's favourite leaf is Eucalyptus"; see below). Ubuntu releases are often referred to using only the adjective portion of the code name (e.g. "Feisty").
Release history.
Ubuntu 4.10 (Warty Warthog).
Ubuntu 4.10 ("Warty Warthog"), released on 20 October 2004, was Canonical's first release of Ubuntu, building upon Debian, with plans for a new release every six months and eighteen months of support thereafter. Ubuntu 4.10's support ended on 30 April 2006. Ubuntu 4.10 was offered as a free download and, through Canonical's ShipIt service, was also mailed to users free of charge in CD format.
Ubuntu 5.04 (Hoary Hedgehog).
Ubuntu 5.04 ("Hoary Hedgehog"), released on 8 April 2005, was Canonical's second release of Ubuntu. Ubuntu 5.04's support ended on 31 October 2006. Ubuntu 5.04 added many new features including an update manager, upgrade notifier, readahead and grepmap, suspend, hibernate and standby support, dynamic frequency scaling for processors, ubuntu hardware database, Kickstart installation, and APT authentication. Ubuntu 5.04 allowed installation from USB devices. Ubuntu 5.04 used UTF-8 by default.
Ubuntu 5.10 (Breezy Badger).
Ubuntu 5.10 ("Breezy Badger"), released on 12 October 2005, was Canonical's third release of Ubuntu. Ubuntu 5.10's support ended on 13 April 2007. Ubuntu 5.10 added several new features including a graphical bootloader (Usplash), an Add/Remove Applications tool, a menu editor (alacarte), an easy language selector, logical volume management support, full Hewlett-Packard printer support, OEM installer support, a new Ubuntu logo in the top-left, and Launchpad integration for bug reporting and software development.
Ubuntu 6.06 LTS (Dapper Drake).
Ubuntu 6.06 ("Dapper Drake"), released on 1 June 2006, was Canonical's fourth release, and the first Long Term Support (LTS) release. Ubuntu 6.06 was released behind schedule, having been intended as 6.04. Development was not complete in April 2006 and Mark Shuttleworth approved slipping the release date to June, making it 6.06 instead.
Ubuntu 6.06's support ended on 14 July 2009 for desktops and ended in June 2011 for servers. Ubuntu 6.06 included several new features, including having the Live CD and Install CD merged onto one disc, a graphical installer on Live CD (Ubiquity), Usplash on shutdown as well as startup, a network manager for easy switching of multiple wired and wireless connections, Humanlooks theme implemented using Tango guidelines, based on Clearlooks and featuring orange colors instead of brown, and GDebi graphical installer for package files. Ubuntu 6.06 did not include a means to install from a USB device, but did for the first time allow installation directly onto removable USB devices.
Ubuntu 6.10 (Edgy Eft).
Ubuntu 6.10 ("Edgy Eft"), released on 26 October 2006, was Canonical's fifth release of Ubuntu. Ubuntu 6.10's support ended on 25 April 2008. Ubuntu 6.10 added several new features including a heavily modified Human theme, Upstart init daemon, automated crash reports (Apport), Tomboy note taking application, and F-Spot photo manager. EasyUbuntu, a third party program designed to make Ubuntu easier to use, was included in Ubuntu 6.10 as a meta-package.
Ubuntu 7.04 (Feisty Fawn).
Ubuntu 7.04 ("Feisty Fawn"), released on 19 April 2007, was Canonical's sixth release of Ubuntu. Ubuntu 7.04's support ended on 19 October 2008. Ubuntu 7.04 included several new features, among them a migration assistant to help former Microsoft Windows users transition to Ubuntu, support for Kernel-based Virtual Machine, assisted codec and restricted drivers installation including Adobe Flash, Java, MP3 support, easier installation of Nvidia and ATI drivers, Compiz desktop effects, support for Wi-Fi Protected Access, the addition of Sudoku and chess, a disk usage analyzer (baobab), GNOME Control Center, and Zeroconf support for many devices. Ubuntu 7.04 dropped support for PowerPC architecture.
Ubuntu 7.10 (Gutsy Gibbon).
Ubuntu 7.10 ("Gutsy Gibbon"), released on 18 October 2007, was Canonical's seventh release of Ubuntu. Ubuntu 7.10's support ended on 18 April 2009. Ubuntu 7.10 included several new features, among them AppArmor security framework, fast desktop search, a Firefox plug-in manager (Ubufox), a graphical configuration tool for X.Org, full NTFS support (read/write) via NTFS-3G, and a revamped printing system with PDF printing by default. Compiz Fusion was enabled as default in Ubuntu 7.10 and Fast user switching was added.
Ubuntu 8.04 LTS (Hardy Heron).
Ubuntu 8.04 ("Hardy Heron"), released on 24 April 2008, was Canonical's eighth release of Ubuntu and the second Long Term Support (LTS) release. Ubuntu 8.04's support ended on 12 May 2011 for desktops and ended in April 2013 for servers. Ubuntu 8.04 included several new features, among them Tracker desktop search integration, Brasero disk burner, Transmission BitTorrent client, Vinagre VNC client, system sound through PulseAudio, and Active Directory authentication and login using Likewise Open. In addition Ubuntu 8.04 included updates for better Tango compliance, various Compiz usability improvements, automatic grabbing and releasing of the mouse cursor when running on a VMware virtual machine, and an easier method to remove Ubuntu. Ubuntu 8.04 was the first version of Ubuntu to include the Wubi installer on the Live CD that allows Ubuntu to be installed as a single file on a Windows hard drive without the need to repartition the disk. The first version of the Ubuntu Netbook Remix was also introduced. Support for Ubuntu Hardy Heron was officially ended on 9 May 2013.
Ubuntu 8.10 (Intrepid Ibex).
Ubuntu 8.10 ("Intrepid Ibex"), released on 30 October 2008, was Canonical's ninth release of Ubuntu. Support ended on 30 April 2010. Ubuntu 8.10 introduced several new features including improvements to mobile computing and desktop scalability, increased flexibility for Internet connectivity, an Ubuntu Live USB creator and a guest account, which allowed others to use a computer allowing very limited user rights (e.g. accessing the Internet, using software and checking e-mail). The guest account had its own home folder and nothing done on it was stored permanently on the computer's hard disk. Intrepid Ibex also included an encrypted private directory for users, the inclusion of Dynamic Kernel Module Support, a tool that allows kernel drivers to be automatically rebuilt when new kernels are released and support for creating USB flash drive images.
Ubuntu 9.04 (Jaunty Jackalope).
Ubuntu 9.04 ("Jaunty Jackalope"), released on 23 April 2009, was Canonical's tenth release of Ubuntu. Support ended on 23 October 2010. New features included faster boot time, integration of web services and applications into the desktop interface. Because of that, they named it after mythical animal Jackalope. So far it is the only release named after a mythical animal. It had a new usplash screen, a new login screen and also support for both Wacom (hotplugging) and netbooks. It also included a new notification system, "Notify OSD", and themes. It marked the first time that all of Ubuntu's core development moved to the Bazaar distributed revision control system.
Ubuntu 9.10 (Karmic Koala).
Ubuntu 9.10 ("Karmic Koala"), released on 29 October 2009, was Canonical's 11th release of Ubuntu. It was supported until April 2011. 
In an announcement to the community on 20 February 2009, Mark Shuttleworth explained that 9.10 would focus on improvements in cloud computing on the server using Eucalyptus, saying "...a Koala's favourite leaf is Eucalyptus", as well as further improvements in boot speed and development of the Netbook Remix.
The initial announcement of version 9.10 indicated that this release might include a new theme, however the project was moved forward to 10.04, and only minor revisions were made to the default theme. Other graphical improvements included a new set of boot up and shutdown splash screens, a new login screen that transitions seamlessly into the desktop and greatly improved performance on Intel graphics chipsets.
In June 2009 Canonical created the One Hundred Paper Cuts project, focusing developers to fix minor usability issues. A "paper cut" was defined as: ""a trivially fixable usability bug that the average user would encounter on his/her first day of using a brand new installation of the latest version of Ubuntu Desktop Edition.""
The desktop installation of Ubuntu 9.10 replaced Pidgin with Empathy Instant Messenger as its default instant messaging client. The default filesystem is ext4, and the Ubuntu One client, which interfaces with Canonical's new online storage system, is installed by default. It introduced USB 3.0 support and Grub 2 beta as default bootloader. It also debuted a new application called the Ubuntu Software Center that unifies package management. Canonical stated their intention for this application to replace Add/Remove Programs (gnome-app-install) in 9.10 and possibly Synaptic, Software Sources, Gdebi and Update Manager in Ubuntu 10.04. Karmic Koala also includes a slideshow during the installation process (through ubiquity-slideshow) that highlights applications and features in Ubuntu.
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS (Lucid Lynx).
Shuttleworth first announced Ubuntu 10.04 ("Lucid Lynx") on 19 September 2009 at the Atlanta Linux Fest; Canonical released it on 29 April 2010. It is Canonical's 12th release of Ubuntu and the third Long Term Support (LTS) release. Canonical provided support for the desktop version of Ubuntu 10.04 until 9 May 2013, but intends to support the server version until April 2015. The same dates apply to Kubuntu 10.04, which is built on KDE.
The new release includes, among other things, improved support for Nvidia proprietary graphics drivers, while switching to the open source Nvidia graphics driver, Nouveau, by default. Plymouth was also introduced allowing boot animations.
GIMP was removed from the Lucid installation CD due to its professional-grade complexity and its file size. F-Spot provides normal user-level graphics-editing capabilities and GIMP remains available for download in the repositories.
The distribution emphasizes the new importance of web services and social networking with integrated interfaces for posting to sites like Facebook and Twitter, complementing the IM and email integration already in Ubuntu.
On 4 March 2010, it was announced that Lucid Lynx would feature a new theme, including new logos, taking Ubuntu's new visual style into account:
Critical responses to the new theme have been mixed. Ars Technica's Ryan Paul said "The new themes and updated color palette are nice improvement for Ubuntu... After testing the new theme for several hours, I feel like it's a step forward, but it still falls a bit short of my expectations." Paul also noted that the most controversial aspect of the new design amongst users has been the placement of the window control buttons on the left instead of the right side of the windows. TechSource's Jun Auza expressed concern that the new theme is too close to that used by Apple's Mac OS X: "I think Ubuntu is having an identity crisis right now and should seriously consider changing several things in terms of look and feel to avoid being branded as a Mac OS X rip-off, or worse, get sued by Apple." Auza also summarized Ubuntu user feedback: "I believe the fans are divided right now. Some have learned to love the brown color scheme since it uniquely represents Ubuntu, while others wanted change."
The first point release, 10.04.1, was made available on 17 August 2010, and the second update, 10.04.2, was released on 17 February 2011. The third update, 10.04.3, was released on 21 July 2011, and the fourth and final update, 10.04.4, was released on 16 February 2012.
Ubuntu 10.10 (Maverick Meerkat).
The naming of Ubuntu 10.10 ("Maverick Meerkat") was announced by Mark Shuttleworth on 2 April 2010, along with the release's goals of improving the netbook experience and a server focus on hybrid cloud computing. Ubuntu 10.10 was released on 10 October 2010 (10.10.10) at around 10:10 UTC. This is a departure from the traditional schedule of releasing at the end of October to get "the perfect 10", and a playful reference to "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", since, in binary, 101010 is equal to the number 42, the "Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe and Everything" within the series. It was Canonical's 13th release of Ubuntu. New features included the new Unity interface for the Netbook Edition, a new default photo manager, Shotwell, replacing F-Spot, the ability to purchase applications in the Software Center, and an official Ubuntu font used by default. Support for Ubuntu Maverick Meerkat 10.10 was officially ended on 10 April 2012.
Ubuntu 11.04 (Natty Narwhal).
The naming of Ubuntu 11.04 ("Natty Narwhal") was announced on 17 August 2010 by Mark Shuttleworth. Ubuntu 11.04 Natty Narwhal was released on 28 April 2011. It is Canonical's 14th release of Ubuntu.
Ubuntu 11.04 used the Unity user interface instead of GNOME Shell as default. The move to Unity was controversial as some GNOME developers feared it would fracture the community and marginalize GNOME Shell. The GNOME desktop environment is still available in Ubuntu 11.04 under the title Ubuntu Classic as a fallback to Unity.
Ubuntu 11.04 employed Banshee as the default music player, replacing Rhythmbox. Other new applications included Mozilla Firefox 4 and LibreOffice, which replaced OpenOffice.org. The OpenStack cloud computing platform was added in this release.
Starting with Ubuntu 11.04, the Ubuntu Netbook Edition was merged into the desktop edition.
In reviewing Ubuntu 11.04 upon its stable release, Ryan Paul of Ars Technica said "There is a lot to like in Ubuntu 11.04, but also a lot of room for improvement." Jesse Smith of Distrowatch said "I'm of the opinion there are good features in this release, but 11.04 definitely suffered from being rushed out the door while it was still beta quality. Ubuntu aims to be novice-friendly, but this release is buggy and I think they missed the mark this time around. I'm limiting my recommendation of 11.04 to people who want to play with an early release of Unity." Support for Ubuntu 11.04 officially ended on 28 October 2012.
Ubuntu 11.10 (Oneiric Ocelot).
The naming of Ubuntu 11.10 ("Oneiric Ocelot") was announced on 7 March 2011 by Mark Shuttleworth. He explained that Oneiric means "dreamy". Ubuntu 11.10 was released on schedule on 13 October 2011 and is Canonical's 15th release of Ubuntu.
In April 2011 Shuttleworth announced that Ubuntu 11.10 would not include the classic GNOME desktop as a fall back to Unity, unlike Ubuntu 11.04 Natty Narwhal. Instead, 11.10 will include a 2D version of Unity as a fallback for computers that lack the hardware resources for the Compiz-based 3D version. However, the classic GNOME desktop remains available as a fallback in Ubuntu 11.10 through a package in the Ubuntu repositories. Shuttleworth also confirmed that Unity in Ubuntu 11.10 will run as a shell for GNOME 3 on top of GNOME 3 libraries, unlike in Ubuntu 11.04 where it ran as a shell for GNOME 2. Moreover, users will also be able to install the entire GNOME 3 stack along with GNOME Shell directly from the Ubuntu repositories, to be presented with a "GNOME 3 desktop" choice at login. During the development cycle, there also have been many changes to Unity, including the placement of the Ubuntu button on the Launcher instead of on the Panel, the autohiding of the window controls (and the global menu) of maximized windows, the introduction of more transparency into the Dash (and the Panel if the Dash is opened), and the introduction of window controls for the Dash.
In May 2011 it was announced that PiTiVi would be no longer part of the Ubuntu ISO, starting with Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot. The reasons given for removing it included poor user reception, lack of fit with the default user-case for Ubuntu, lack of polish and the application's lack of development maturity. PiTiVi will not be replaced on the ISO with another video editor. Other changes include removing Computer Janitor, as it caused broken systems for users, and the removal of the Synaptic package manager, which can optionally be installed via the Ubuntu Software Center. Déjà Dup has been added as Ubuntu's backup program. Mozilla Thunderbird has replaced the Evolution email client. All removed applications will remain available to users for installation from the Ubuntu Software Center and repositories. Support for Ubuntu Oneiric Ocelot was officially ended on 9 May 2013.
Ubuntu 12.04 LTS (Precise Pangolin).
Ubuntu 12.04 LTS ("Precise Pangolin") is the current Ubuntu Long Term Support (LTS) release, made available on schedule on 26 April 2012. It is Ubuntu's 16th release and its fourth long-term support version. It is named after the pangolin anteater. Previous LTS releases have been supported for three years for the desktop version and five years for the server version; this release will be supported for five years for both versions.
Changes in this release include a much faster startup time for the Ubuntu Software Center and refinements to Unity. This release also replaced the Banshee media player with Rhythmbox as the default media player and dropped the Tomboy note-taking application and the supporting Mono framework as well. Also, the window dodge feature has been removed from the Unity launcher starting with Ubuntu 12.04.
Ubuntu 12.04 incorporated a new head-up display (HUD) feature that allows hotkey searching for application menu items from the keyboard, without needing the mouse. Shuttleworth said that the HUD "will ultimately replace menus in Unity applications" but for Ubuntu 12.04 at least the menus will remain.
Ubuntu 12.04 is the first Ubuntu release shipped with IPv6 privacy extensions turned on by default. Ubuntu 11.10 already supported IPv6 on the desktop and in the installer (stateless address autoconfiguration SLAAC, stateless DHCPv6 and stateful DHCPv6).
Like other LTS releases, 12.04 will include point releases that bundle updates to shorten downloads for users installing the release later in its lifecycle. The point releases and dates are: 12.04.1 (23 August 2012), 12.04.2 (14 February 2013), 12.04.3 (scheduled for release on 22 August 2013, but actually released on 23 August 2013) and 12.04.4 (6 February 2014). No further point releases of Ubuntu 12.04 are scheduled.
Jesse Smith of DistroWatch said that many people, like he, had questioned Ubuntu's direction, including Unity. But with Ubuntu 12.04 he felt that the puzzle pieces, which individually may have been underwhelming, had come together to form a whole, clear picture. He said "Unity, though a step away from the traditional desktop, has several features which make it attractive, such as reducing mouse travel. The HUD means that newcomers can find application functionality with a quick search and more advanced users can use the HUD to quickly run menu commands from the keyboard." He wrote that Unity had grown to maturity, while indicating that he was bothered by its lack of flexibility. He did notice issues, however, especially that the HUD did not work in LibreOffice and performance in a virtual machine was unsatisfactory. He concluded that Ubuntu's overall experience was "head and shoulders above anything else in the Linux ecosystem."
Jim Lynch wrote "Ubuntu 12.04 is definitely worth an upgrade if you’re running an earlier version. Unity is finally coming into its own in this release, plus there are other enhancements that make upgrading worthwhile. Ubuntu is getting better and better with each release. I was one of the Unity skeptics initially, but I’ve come to accept it as part of Ubuntu."
Jack Wallen of TechRepublic – who had strongly criticized early versions of Unity – said "Since Ubuntu 12.04 was released, and I migrated over from Linux Mint, I’m working much more efficiently. This isn’t really so much a surprise to me, but to many of the detractors who assume Unity a very unproductive desktop... well, I can officially say they are wrong. [...] I realize that many people out there have spurned Unity (I was one of them for a long time), but the more I use it, the more I realize that Canonical really did their homework on how to help end users more efficiently interact with their computers. Change is hard – period. For many, the idea of change is such a painful notion they wind up missing out on some incredible advancements. Unity is one such advancement."
Ubuntu 12.10 (Quantal Quetzal).
On 23 April 2012 Shuttleworth announced that Ubuntu 12.10 would be named "Quantal Quetzal". As this will be the first of a series of three releases before the next LTS release, Shuttleworth indicated that it will include a refreshed look, with work to be done on typography and iconography. The release takes its name from the quetzal, a species of Central American birds. Ubuntu 12.10 was released on schedule on 18 October 2012.
Ryan Paul, writing for Ars Technica, said in April 2012 when the name was announced "A Quetzal is a colorful bird that is common to Central America. The most well-known variety, the resplendent quetzal, is known for its beauty. The name is a good fit for Ubuntu, which aims to soar in the cloud, offer visual appeal without compromising function, and avoid smacking into closed windows."
The Ubuntu Developer Summit held in May 2012 set the priorities for this release. They are forecast to include an improved boot up sequence and log-in screen, dropping Unity 2D in favor of lower hardware requirements for Unity 3D, wrap around dialogs and toolbars for the HUD and a "vanilla" version of Gnome-Shell as an option. The release would likely include GNOME 3.6, Python 3 and the 3.5 Linux kernel. It would ship with Python 3 in the image, but with Python 2 available in the repositories, via the "python" package.
The kernel will have the PAE switched on by default.
In July 2012 development versions of Ubuntu 12.10 received a new combined user, session and system menu. This release also included Ubuntu Web Apps, a means of running web applications directly from the desktop, without having to open a browser. It would use Nautilus 3.4 as its file manager, in place of the 3.5 and newer versions, to retain features deleted from later versions.
In September 2012 Canonical’s Kate Stewart announced that the Ubuntu 12.10 image would not fit on a compact disc, saying "There is no longer a traditional CD sized image, DVD or alternate image, but rather a single 800MB Ubuntu image that can be used from USB or DVD." However, a third-party project has created a version of Ubuntu 12.10 that fits on a CD. It uses LZMA2 compression instead of the DEFLATE compression used on the official Ubuntu DVD image.
Also in late September 2012 it was announced that the version of Unity to be shipped with Ubuntu 12.10 would by default include searches of Amazon.com for searched terms. This move caused immediate controversy among Ubuntu users, particularly with regard to privacy issues, and caused Mark Shuttleworth to issue a statement indicating that this feature is not adware and labelled many of the objections "FUD" (Fear, uncertainty and doubt). Shuttleworth stated "What we have in 12.10 isn’t the full experience, so those who leap to judgement are at maximum risk of having to eat their words later. Chill out. If the first cut doesn’t work for you, remove it, or just search the specific scope you want (there are hotkeys for all the local scopes)." Regardless, users filed a Launchpad bug report on the feature requesting that it be made a separate lens and not included with general desktop searches for files, directories and applications. The degree of community push-back on the issue resulted in plans by the developers to make the dash and where it searches user-configurable via a GUI-setting dialogue. Despite concerns that the setting dialogue would not make the final version of Ubuntu 12.10, it was completed and is present in the final version of 12.10.
In the week prior to the stable release of Ubuntu 12.10 data-privacy advocate Luís de Sousa indicated that the inclusion of the shopping lens, installed without explicit permission of the user, violates European Directive 95/46/EC on data privacy. That directive requires that the "data subject has unambiguously given his consent" in situations where personal identifying information is sent.
In reviewing Ubuntu 12.10 at the end of October 2012 for DistroWatch, Jesse Smith raised concerns about the Amazon shopping lens, saying, "it has raised a number of privacy concerns in the community and, looking over Ubuntu's legal notice about privacy does not provide any reassurance. The notice informs us Canonical reserves the right to share our keystrokes, search terms and IP address with a number of third parties, including Facebook, Twitter, Amazon and the BBC. This feature is enabled by default, but can be turned off through the distribution's settings panel." He also found that the dash provided very slow performance and that the release was "practically unusable in the VirtualBox environment". He summed up his experiences, "After a day and a half of using Ubuntu 12.10 it was an internal struggle not to wipe my hard drive and just find another distribution to review. During the first twenty-four hours Ubuntu spied on me, provided performance which was distinctly sub par, the interface regularly popped up errors (sometimes so frequently the first pop-up wouldn't have faded out of view before the next one appeared), the update notification didn't work and it wasn't possible to turn off accessibility features through the graphical interface. Adding insult to injury, the Unity dash kept locking up or losing focus while I was trying to use it and the operating system crashed more times than not while trying to shutdown or logout. Switching away from Unity to GNOME Fallback helped the performance issues I had experienced with the Dash, but it didn't remove the annoying pop-up errors and performance (while usable) still wasn't as good as I would expect. And what really makes me scratch my head is Ubuntu 12.04 worked really well on this same hardware."
In early November the Electronic Frontier Foundation made a statement on the shopping lens issue, "Technically, when you search for something in Dash, your computer makes a secure HTTPS connection to productsearch.ubuntu.com, sending along your search query and your IP address. If it returns Amazon products to display, your computer then insecurely loads the product images from Amazon's server over HTTP. This means that a passive eavesdropper, such as someone sharing a wireless network with you, will be able to get a good idea of what you're searching for on your own computer based on Amazon product images. It's a major privacy problem if you can't find things on your own computer without broadcasting what you're looking for to the world."
Writing about Ubuntu 12.10 in a December 2012 review, Jim Lynch addressed the Amazon controversy:
He concluded by saying, "Overall, Ubuntu 12.10 is a decent upgrade for current Ubuntu users. However, the inclusion of the Amazon icon on the launcher, and the discontinuation of Unity 2D might irritate some people."
Ubuntu 13.04 (Raring Ringtail).
On 17 October 2012, Shuttleworth announced that Ubuntu 13.04 would be named "Raring Ringtail" and said about this release “the next six months we want to have the phone, tablet and TV all lined up. So I think it’s time to look at the core of Ubuntu and review it through a mobile lens: let’s measure our core platform by mobile metrics, things like battery life, number of running processes, memory footprint, and polish the rough edges that we find when we do that."
The Wubi installer was dropped as of 13.04, due to its incompatibility with Windows 8, and general lack of support and development. Previously, on 29 October 2012, at Ubuntu Developer Summit Registration there had been a discussion of redesigning Wubi for Ubuntu 13.04.
Features in Ubuntu 13.04 include performance, stability, and speed improvements to both the Operating System and the Unity User Interface.
Ubuntu 13.04 was released on schedule on 25 April 2013.
In reviewing Ubuntu 13.04 Jim Lynch from Desktop Linux Reviews said, "I found Ubuntu 13.04 to be a slightly disappointing upgrade. While there are definitely some enhancements in this release, there’s also nothing very special about it ... Alas, there’s nothing in Ubuntu 13.04 that makes me want to consider it for use as my daily distro. Don’t misunderstand me, there’s nothing overtly wrong with Ubuntu 13.04 either. It installed and performed very well for me. Unity 7 also has some helpful and attractive updates that Ubuntu users will enjoy, and there are other things in this release that help improve the overall Ubuntu experience...I suspect it is simply because Ubuntu has settled into a comfortable middle age, it works and it works very well for what it does."
Ubuntu 13.10 (Saucy Salamander).
Ubuntu 13.10 is named "Saucy Salamander". It was released on schedule on 17 October 2013.
Consideration was given to changing the default browser from Mozilla Firefox to Chromium, but problems with timely updates to Ubuntu's Chromium package caused developers to retain Firefox for this release.
Ubuntu 13.10 was intended to be the first Ubuntu release to replace the aging X11 with the Mir display server, with X11 programs to have operated through the XMir compatibility layer. However, after the development of XMir ran into "outstanding technical difficulties" for multiple monitors, Canonical decided to postpone the default use of Mir in Ubuntu. Mir will still be released as the default display server for Ubuntu Touch 13.10.
Ryan Paul of Ars Technica wrote that although 13.10 brings useful enhancements, it is "a relatively thin update". He also said "the new Dash concept is intriguing, but its usefulness is a bit limited"; and even though he thinks that universal Web search is potentially useful, he's somewhat uncomfortable with how Canonical joins it with local system searches.
In a review of Ubuntu 13.10 Joey Sneddon of "OMG Ubuntu" criticized the new Smart Scopes feature, saying, "...it’s less of a help and more of a hindrance. With so many web services offering results for a search term – however innocuous it might be – the Dash ends up resembling a wall painted in unintelligible, irrelevant mess." Sneddon noted that internet search engines turn in more useful and better organized results and recommended selectively disabling individual scopes to reduce the noise factor.
Jim Lynch of "Linux Desktop Reviews" described the release as "boring" and noted, "alas, Ubuntu 13.10 follows in the footsteps of Ubuntu 13.04. The big new desktop feature is Smart Scopes ... Beyond that there’s not a whole lot that is interesting or exciting to talk about. It turns out that Saucy Salamander is one truly dull amphibian. Canonical really should rename this release to 'Snoozing Salamander' instead." Lynch described the Smart Scopes, "this is a very useful function, and it can save you a lot of time when looking for information. I understand that some people will regard this as a privacy violation, no problem. There’s an easy way to disable Smart Scopes."
Maria Korolov writing for Network World in December 2013 said of the release, "there is a benefit to be had in being able to search for files you own on both local drives and in cloud services such as Google Drive and Flickr. That's the idea behind Unity Smart Scopes...The result is a cluttered mess. The first thing many users will probably do after installing Ubuntu 13.10 is to get rid of most of these results...mixing generic Web results in with your own files is just confusing."
In its year-end "Readers Choice Awards" Linux Journal readers voted Ubuntu as Best Linux Distribution and Best Desktop Distribution for 2013.
Future releases.
Ubuntu 14.04 LTS (Trusty Tahr).
Mark Shuttleworth announced on 31 October 2011 that by Ubuntu 14.04, Ubuntu will support smartphones, tablets, TVs and smart screens.
On 18 October 2013, it was announced that Ubuntu 14.04 would be dubbed "Trusty Tahr".
This version is scheduled for release on 17 April 2014, and is the 20th release of Ubuntu. Shuttleworth indicated that the focus in this development cycle will be a release that is characterized by "performance, refinement, maintainability, technical debt" and encouraged the developers to make "conservative choices". Technical debt refers to catching up and refining supporting work for earlier changes. The development cycle for this release will focus on the tablet interface, specifically for the Nexus 7 and Nexus 10 tablets. There will be few changes to the desktop as 14.04 will use the existing mature Unity 7 interface. Ubuntu 14.04 will include the ability to turn off the global menu system and use Locally Integrated Menus instead for individual applications. Other features will be the retention of Xorg and not Mir or XMir, a Unity 8 developers' preview, new mobile applications, a redesigned USB Start-Up Disk Creator tool, a new forked version of the GNOME Control Center, called the Unity Control Center and default SSD TRIM support. While GNOME 3.8 will be installed by default, GNOME 3.10 will be available in the repositories as optional.
Ubuntu 14.10.
Ubuntu will include Unity 8 running natively on Mir by default.
Version end of life.
After each version of Ubuntu has reached its end-of-life time, its repositories are removed from the main Ubuntu servers and consequently the mirrors. Older versions of Ubuntu repositories and releases can be found on the old Ubuntu releases website.

</doc>
<doc id="19264498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264498" title="Robert Briner">
Robert Briner

Robert (Bob) Briner (28 August 1935 - 1999) was a leading figure in professional sports management, an Emmy Award-winning television producer, and president of ProServ Television. 
Briner was the first Western sports executive to enter China after the Cultural Revolution and introduced National Basketball Association games to Chinese television. He developed major tennis tournaments in several countries including Israel, Cuba, South Africa and the Soviet Union. Briner earned a bachelor's degree in business and English from Greenville College.
Briner was also a prolific writer, regularly contributing to the New York Times and Sports Illustrated. His books include "Roaring Lambs", "Lambs Among Wolves", and "The Management Methods of Jesus". Briner finished his final book, "The Final Roar", shortly before dying of abdominal cancer in 1999.
Briner was a devout evangelical Christian and in 2003 was posthumously inducted into the Indiana Wesleyan University "Society of World Changers" as its first member.

</doc>
<doc id="19264513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264513" title="Phil McKnight">
Phil McKnight

Phil McKnight (born 5 June 1924) is a former professional footballer who played for Alloa Athletic, Chelsea and Leyton Orient.

</doc>
<doc id="19264515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264515" title="SPRay (video game)">
SPRay (video game)

SPRay is a Wii video game developed by Eko System and published by Tecmo.
Gameplay.
The player controls the Spirited Prince Ray, who can summon liquid-shooting spirits, hence the title "SPRay". Besides water, Ray also has control over spirits that shoot oil, slime, anti-matter, and vomit. The player attacks enemies with Ray's sword and with the spirits, which are also used to solve environmental puzzles and give Ray special abilities. For example, slime lets the player stick to walls while vomit can reveal hidden platforms.
Tecmo also stated that the game also contains a number of multi-player mini-games.
Reception.
"SPRay" has received mostly negative reviews. Nintendo Power gave it a 3/10, criticizing it for an uncontrolable camera, poor controls and overall repetitiveness. IGN gave it 5.6/10, calling it a "poor man's "Legend of Zelda"" with sloppy and apathetic presentation and uninspired gameplay. Game Informer gave it a 7/10.

</doc>
<doc id="19264528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264528" title="Indian Creek (Elwha River)">
Indian Creek (Elwha River)

Indian Creek is a tributary of the Elwha River located in Washington in the United States.
Indian Creek flows from Lake Sutherland into the former Lake Aldwell. Historically, Indian Creek supported runs of several anadromous salmon and trout species, including all five species of Pacific Salmon. However, with construction of the Elwha Dam in 1913, fish were blocked from accessing the Pacific Ocean.
While the Elwha Dam was in operation, Indian Creek sustained populations of kokanee sockeye salmon, which spawned in Lake Sutherland and migrated to Lake Aldwell to use as their ocean. It also contained landlocked rainbow trout, coastal cutthroat trout, and introduced eastern brook trout.
With the removal of the Elwha Dam in 2012, the native salmonids began a return to their anadromous lifestyle, with spawning activities of true anadromous Chinook salmon observed in late 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19264532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264532" title="Leslie Charlotte Benenson">
Leslie Charlotte Benenson

Leslie Charlotte Benenson, R.E. (born 13 January 1941, London) is an English artist who works in a variety of different mediums including sculpture, oils, watercolours, ceramics and calligraphy.
Life and work.
Benenson attended La Sagesse Convent High School in London, before studying art at the Regent Street Polytechnic (1958–63) under Geoffrey H. Deeley and James Osborne, where she was awarded a National Diploma in Design in 1962. In addition to her permanent studies, Benenson took private calligraphy tuition with Anthony Wood between 1963–64, after which she was elected a member to the Society of Scribes & Illuminators.
After successfully exhibiting work at the Royal Academy from 1962, and at the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers from 1968, Benenson was elected to member status of the latter institution in 1978. Additionally, Benenson was one of the founder members of the Society of Equestrian Artists in 1979.
She has exhibited widely and her work can be found in many public and private collections, including the Towner Art Gallery, Ashmolean, Hereford Museum and the International Exlibriscentrum.

</doc>
<doc id="19264533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264533" title="Corporal to Field Officer">
Corporal to Field Officer

Corporal to Field Officer, 4th Edition Up To Date was a reference work written by Captain H.P.E. Phillips, MC, and Lieutenant-Colonel R. J. S. Langford, designed for use by officers and NCOs in the Canadian Army to contain the essentials of all the army's other military manuals. Originally published in 1925, the 4th edition was in use at the beginning of and during the World War II.
Both Captain Phillips and Lieutenant Colonel Langford were officers of The Royal Canadian Regiment.
Significance.
This edition presents the pre-Blitzkrieg military thinking and order of battle for the Canadian army. Besides being a reference work on how the officers of the day would handle certain situations, it is also a historical look at an army just changing from horse cavalry and foot battalions to tanks and all-arms formations.

</doc>
<doc id="19264537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264537" title="Ashley Tappin">
Ashley Tappin

Ashley Tara Tappin (born December 18, 1974) is an American former competition swimmer and three-time Olympic champion.
Tappin was born in Marietta, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta.
Tappin competed at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona, where she earned a gold medal by swimming for the winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, she received gold medals for swimming for the first-place U.S. teams in the preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter medley relay, and the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay.
Tappin attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she swam for coach Mitch Ivey and coach Chris Martin's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition in 1993 and 1994. She won an NCAA championship in the 4x100-meter medley relay with teammates Janie Wagstaff, Shannon Price and Nicole Haislett in 1994. Subsequently, she transferred to the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, where she swam for the Arizona Wildcats swimming and diving team, and won five more NCAA titles.
Tappin served as the head coach of the UNO Privateers swim team at the University of New Orleans in New Orleans, Louisiana from 2004 to 2007. She is a veteran celebrity swimmer for Swim Across America (SAA), a charitable organization that raises funds for cancer research, and she has participated in three SAA events in Boston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19264541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264541" title="Richel">
Richel

"For the boxer, see Richel Hersisia"
Richel, or rather "De Richel" (Dutch for "the ridge"), is a permanently dry sandbank in the Wadden Sea, in the gap between the Dutch islands of Vlieland and Terschelling. It is located about 1 kilometer east of the northernmost point of Vlieland and is administered by the municipality of Vlieland. The sandbank has an average surface area of 116 hectares. It is completely flooded only during extremely high tides. 
The island is primarily known as the most important breeding place in the Wadden Sea for Grey Seals. More than 300 pups are born on Richel in winter. In summer seals seem to prefer areas more sheltered from human contact. The sandbank is also important as a breeding and feeding area for Ringed Plovers, Kentish Plovers, Little Terns and other bird species.
Richel is uninhabited and virtually barren. It is too low to support any permanent vegetation. The sandbank is only able to support some temporary colonisation by the grass species Sand Couch ("Elytrigia juncea").
The ferry between Harlingen and Vlieland passes by Richel, making a detour around the sandbank. During low tide, it is possible to walk to the sandbank from Vlieland (see mudflat hiking) although Richel is off-limits to humans due to its importance as a nature area. Boat trips from Vlieland used to be organised daily during the summer tourist season to observe the seal population on Richel.

</doc>
<doc id="19264545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264545" title="William C. Byham">
William C. Byham

William C. Byham (born September 14, 1936) is an American entrepreneur, author and organizational psychologist.
Overview.
Bill Byham, co-founder (with Dr. Douglas Bray), chairman and CEO of Development Dimensions International (DDI) is an
industrial organizational psychologist who has developed a number of human resource technologies over the course of his career. These innovations include the assessment center method, behavior-based interviewing, the use of behavior modeling in supervisor and management training, behavioral job analysis methodology as the basis for selection and training programs, and acceleration pools to rapidly prepare select people for high-level leadership positions.
Byham earned a Ph.D. in Industrial Organizational Psychology from Purdue University where he also received an honorary doctorate degree in Social Sciences. He earned a M.S. and B.S. from Ohio University.
Byham founded DDI in the basement of his home in 1970. The human resources consulting firm has since grown into an international organization with 42 offices in 26 countries.
A prolific author, Byham authored business best-selling book Zapp! The Lighting of Empowerment, which has sold more than 4.5 million copies and was named the best business book of the decade by Schwartz Books.
Innovation.
Assessment Centers for Business Applications
For the last 40 years, Byham has been an advocate for the Assessment Center Method and has helped assessment centers become a widely used management practice worldwide.
In an assessment center, individuals go through simulations that mirror the challenges they would face in a higher level job. Their behavior in the simulations is observed relative to competencies associated through research with job success. Before Bray applied the Assessment Center Method to business at AT&T, it was used in the British Army and the Office of Strategic Services (predecessor to the CIA).
Byham was manager of selection, appraisal, and general management development for J. C. Penney, where with Bray’s help he implemented the first Assessment Centers in a retail environment. Byham wrote the first general business article (“Assessment Centers for Spotting Future Managers”) about the Assessment Center Method in the "Harvard Business Review, "generating interest in the methodology.
In 1970, Bray and Byham formed DDI to introduce the method to businesses throughout the world.
In 1972, Byham founded the International Congress on the Assessment Center Method and has been active in its leadership ever since. Each year more than 200 practitioners from around the world meet to share research findings and practical knowledge. Byham’s books, "Assessment Centers and Managerial Performance" (co-authored with George Thornton) and "Applying the Assessment Center Method" (co-edited with Joseph Moses), are still standard references.
Behavior-based Interviewing
In addition to his work with assessment centers, Byham developed a new way to conduct hiring interviews. This method markedly improved the validity of selection decisions. Generically known as behavioral interviewing, DDI named the methodology Targeted Selection in 1975. Millions of managers have been trained in Targeted Selection and it has been adopted by 3,000 organizations around the world. Inc. Magazine said “What Tom Peters is to excellence and Jim Collins is to leadership, Bill Byham might very well be to hiring.”
Behavioral Modeling
Byham’s assessment centers proved the potential of behavioral modeling as a new way to teach supervisors and managers to be leaders. Trainees who went through a behavioral modeling program did much better in assessment centers. Created by Mel Sorcher and Arnold Goldstein, behavior modeling approached supervisor and management training as skill development, rather than an effort to provide cognitive understanding of why people behave as they do. The common methodology at that time was lectures. With Jim Robinson, a training manager from Agway, Byham developed the first commercial behavior modeling training system, called Interaction Management. Every year, more than one million people are trained using this methodology.
Publications.
Byham has a wide repertoire of publications ranging from how to be an effective Industrial Organizational Psychologist to teams to assessment centers to interviewing. Byham is the author of 23 books including Zapp!, which helps managers understand how to empower employees and improve productivity. Bill co-authored three books on teams, two books on the Assessment Center Method, and a book to guide individuals and managers in Japanese companies in their relationships to Western workers.
His recent books include:
"Leadership Success in China: An Expatriate’s" "Guide" (with Yue-er Luo and Erik Duerring) (2008)
"70: The New 50—Retirement ManagementSM"—Retaining the energy and expertise of experienced employees (2007)
"Grow Your Own Leaders: How to identify, develop and retain leadership talent" (with Audrey M. Smith and Matthew J. Paese) (2002)
Philanthropy/Community.
Byham’s involvement in Pittsburgh’s arts community includes helping to fund the renovation to the former Fulton Theater in the Pittsburgh Cultural District, which re-opened as the Byham Theater, and for bringing Pittsburgh’s classical music station to the heart of its downtown Cultural District through the Carolyn M. Byham WQED fm89.3 Studio. Byham and his wife Carolyn’s recent endowment to the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre Ballet School will be used to renovate a house to give ballet dancers a place to stay while they’re attending the school. 
Byham also established the William C. Byham Chair in Organizational Psychology at Ohio University and the William C. Byham Chair in Organizational Psychology at Purdue University.
Honors.
Byham received the highest civilian award given by the country of Malaysia, and the Thought Leadership Award from the Instructional System Association. 
Bill received his honorary doctorate degree in Social Sciences from Purdue University.

</doc>
<doc id="19264562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264562" title="Yudik Mullodzhanov">
Yudik Mullodzhanov

Yudik Mullodzhanov (born June 18, 1942) is a tenor, violinist, and music teacher. He is known, within his community, as the "Bukharian Pavarotti".
Biography.
Yudik Ribievich Mullodzhanov was born in 1942 in Dushanbe, Tajikistan to a Bukharian Jewish family. 
In 1959, he entered Music College in Dushanbe and graduated in 1965. After graduation, he was accepted to the Gnesin's Academy of Music (aka Gnesin's Institute) to study viola under the tutelage of Professor Alexander Vasiliyevich Bagrintsev. He graduated from the Gnesin's Academy of Music in 1970. 
While in the conservatory studying viola, he studied singing under the tutelage of Professor Mordvinov Vladimir Ivanovich. He also worked in the music school of Krasnoarmeyski (Moscow region) at the time of his study. After graduating the Gnesin's Academy of Music, Mullodzhanov worked as a teacher of violin and viola at SMS - Special Music School for gifted children in Dushanbe, Tajikistan. At the same time he worked as a violin teacher in the Music College and also in the Art Institute of Tajikistan of Mirzo Tursunzade. 
Mullodzhanov works as a teacher of violin, piano and voice. He performs as a singer at different concerts, festivals and weddings. On October 2, 1999, he was invited to perform for the President of Tajikistan, Emomali Rahmon, when the President was in New York. On April 30, 1995, he performed at Yeshiva Music School. 
His repertoire includes Russian, Italian, Tajik, and English songs. In the past few years he has released two CDs ("O Sole Mio" and "Respublikai Man" ), where he sings many of his favorite songs. He has also made video recordings of his singing.
Family.
His father, Ribi Mullodzhanov Rubinovich (1900–1976), was a Rabbi and a Kolantar (leader) of a community of Bukharian Jews in Dushanbe for 40 years. Ribi Rubinovich was also a World War II veteran. He had a good singing voice, and sang Jewish prayer songs, Zohar, and classical Tajik-Jewish songs. His mother, Zulay Avramova Mallayeva-Mullodzhanova (1909–1950), was a religious woman who raised six children. 
Yudik's aunt, Shoista Mullodzhanova, "People's Artist of Tajikistan," is a legendary Shashmakom singer. She has numerous awards, including a Gold Medal on the World Festival of youth and students (1957), a graduate degree cum laud from the Moscow Conservatory, and many government awards. Yudik's cousin, Rosa Mullodzhanova, is an honored artist of Tajikistan and is a soprano opera singer. In 1971, she graduated Moscow Conservatory with honors and is currently performing at different events.
All of his children studied at Music School #3 in Dushanbe. Two, Ruben and Shoista, continued their musical education in New York, where Ruben graduated the Music School of Lucy Moses, and Shoista graduated as a piano performance major from the Aaron Copland School of Music (Queens College). His wife, Tamara Yusupova, a pianist and teacher, received her Masters Degree from the Gnesin's Academy of Music. Upon graduation, Tamara Yusupova worked in the Special Music School for gifted children in Dushanbe.
On September 29, 1994 Yudik and his family emigrated to New York City. They all reside in Queens, which has a strong Bukharan community.

</doc>
<doc id="19264603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264603" title="McKesson">
McKesson

McKesson can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19264609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264609" title="Lloyd's sign">
Lloyd's sign

Lloyd's sign is a sign of renal calculus, consisting of pain in the loin on deep percussion over the kidney, even when pressure causes no pain. It is closely related to the costovertebral angle tenderness.

</doc>
<doc id="19264614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264614" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Collin County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Collin County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Collin County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Collin County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19264618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264618" title="Elwha snowfinger">
Elwha snowfinger

The Elwha Snowfinger is a perennial snowfield created near the Dodwell Rixon Pass, separating the Elwha River and Queets River watersheds in the USA. This snowfield is created by continuous winter and spring avalanches into the upper pass area. It is the source of the Elwha River.

</doc>
<doc id="19264621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264621" title="Canadian Institute for Jewish Research">
Canadian Institute for Jewish Research

The Canadian Institute for Jewish Research (CIJR) is a non-profit, independent Montreal academic think-tank and educational foundation, devoted to data and analysis of Israel, the Middle East, and Jewish issues for students, media, and university campuses, and to the Jewish and non-Jewish communities of Canada and the rest of the world.
CIJR was created by Professor Frederick Krantz, the institute's Director, in 1988, to strengthen public understanding of Jewish Israel as a progressive, democratic society in its Middle Eastern context. CIJR manages a database of news and opinions, hosts seminars and colloquia with academics, and publishes materials.
Creation and early years.
Concerned by the sudden anti-Israel media of the first Palestinian Arab intifada, a small group of Montrealers began meeting at the home of Professors Frederick (intellectual history) and Lenore (art history) Krantz. The media's perspective of the conflict began reflecting a Palestinian inversion – Israel as Goliath, the Palestinians as David – paralyzing the organized Jewish community. The group began responding to the newspapers, radio, and TV stations, and eventually, received invitations to speak at community events to counter the anti-Israel wave.
Following the proposed, secret Arab-Jewish "dialogue" conference in Montebello, Quebec, the "Canadian Jewish News" published a letter by Baruch Cohen, a Romanian Holocaust survivor, on August 4, 1988 in support of Prof. Krantz's position against appeasement. Krantz, noticing the letter, contacted Cohen to join his group. Today, Baruch Cohen is CIJR's Research Chair.
Without endowments from Montreal's or Canada's organized Jewish communities and functioning year-to-year on fundraisers, CIJR operates a small office that produces online and print publications, manages a database, offers academic programming for college students, and sustains annual speakers' programs.
"ISRAFAX".
"ISRAFAX" is the institute's quarterly research print publication. It provides CIJR members with data and a digest of international analysis and opinion on issues, mixing original content with articles from newspapers, magazines, scholarly journals, official documents, and websites from around the world. The Israeli and Arab media are also scanned for reports, opinions, and other documents. The magazine is distributed internationally.
Middle East and Jewish World databank.
The DataBank, an archive of Israel, Middle East, and other materials related to the Jewish world, is accessible on CIJR’s website, with entries on issues ranging from Israeli society and regional politics to international Jewish communities, human rights, and the Holocaust.
"Dateline: Middle East".
Published by the Student Coalition for a Just Peace in the Middle East, "Dateline: Middle East", a journal on Israel, the Middle East and Jewish-world, is made possible by the support of the "Canadian Institute for Jewish Research". Appearing several times per year on university and college campuses, it is distributed across Canada, Israel and the United States. From an academic perspective, "Dateline" examines the Middle East and covers issues related to the politics, economics, and cultures of the region.
CIJR's "Daily Isranet Briefing".
As of autumn 2000, CIJR began sending "Daily Isranet Briefings" via email and fax to counter anti-Israel propaganda, and to keep readers informed of daily issues affecting the Jewish people. Each daily "Briefing" consists of opinion pieces, articles, or other documents, on changing issues, except for Wednesdays, which feature a "News In Review" issue composed by the staff of CIJR and featuring news briefs and quotations that made headlines throughout the week.
There is also a weekly French-language "Communiqué Isranet" bulletin published on Fridays.
Seminars and colloquia.
The institute’s Insider Briefing seminars and Community Colloquia feature its own and other experts on Israel, the Middle East, Jews, and Jewish world issues. Speakers have included journalist and political analyst Yossi Klein Halevi; Palestinian Media Watch Director, Itamar Marcus; Israel’s Ambassador to the United Nations, Dan Gillerman; "Commentary" magazine founder and editor-at-large, Norman Podhoretz, terrorism expert Steven Emerson, former Israeli IDF Chief of Staff, General Moshe Ya’alon; former CIA Director James Woolsey, Israel’s former Ambassador to Canada Alan Baker; and Jewish Diaspora leader and "Jerusalem Post" columnist Isi Leibler.
Student programs.
In 2007, CIJR launched the "Student Israel-Advocacy Seminars Program", a year-long training initiative to counter worsening on-campus anti-Israelism and anti-Zionism.
"Israzine".
CIJR’s newest publication, "Israzine", is a bi-weekly webzine devoted to Israel- and Jewish-world-related political and cultural issues, designed to supplement the "Briefings", which group a few pieces around issues of moment, and ISRAFAX, the quarterly print journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19264622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264622" title="Bunene Ngaduane">
Bunene Ngaduane

Ngaduane enjoyed success with Qwa Qwa Stars, and was the third leading scorer in the South African National Soccer League during the 1993 season, scoring 18 goals.
Ngaduane was part of the Zaire national football team squad at the 1996 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19264625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264625" title="Ilia Giorgadze">
Ilia Giorgadze

Ilia Giorgadze is a Georgian artistic gymnast that has represented Georgia at both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19264626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19264626" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's skeet">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's skeet

At the 2000 Summer Olympics, women's skeet shooting was included for the first time. The competition was held on 21 September, with Zemfira Meftakhetdinova becoming the inaugural champion. The only woman to previously win a skeet competition at the Olympics, Zhang Shan (who won the 1992 competition open to both men and women) participated but did not reach the final.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
